user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198035742939,Recommended,239030,32317517,Posted: 10 June,all,Serx,"In theory papers please should not be a fun game.  It is literally a simulation of performing a monotonous, tedious and thankless job.  But the game is definitely a good game.So what makes the game fun?I have concluded that the game survives almost completely upon atmosphere.   There is a tragic realism to horrible job you have in this third world nation.  You live in so much poverty with the risk of illness or starvation being a very real threat.  It gives you many moral dilemmas and will test your principles in ways games do not normally expect you to.  You are paid so little that you find yourself accepting bribes to let terrorists, smugglers, etc. into Arstotzka.  And you will accept the bribes, because often it is the difference between eating and not.Yet at the same time the game is humorous.   The customers make it so and some have very humorous personalities.  You will get to know your favorite customers and favorite scenes.  The world is so overblown with propaganda, corruption, etc. that the grim world becomes humorous (to those not in it).Finally, the world reacts to the player.  You’d be amazed how big of an impact deciding who to let into the nation can have on the nation.  You let an assassin into the nation a high ranking official may die and the government will respond with harder boarder policies.  It is generally simple things, but these really complete the atmosphere.The game play itself is a point and click adventure. Were you will face a number of customers which you must either let in or find the error in their paperwork.  It is all done on a timer forcing you to be quick.  It almost becomes stressful.The graphics look like they belong on an Atari and yet somehow seem appropriate.  You are matching blurry faces to other blurry faces.In conclusion I recommend this game. It is fun and addictive.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,7758462,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ImmortalBard,"Papers, Please has no right to be as fun as it is. Papers, Please has no right to be as poignant as it is. Papers, Please has no right to be possibly the best PC game of 2013 I've played. Papers, Please is all of these things.The gameplay of Papers, Please is more or less a tedium simulator. It's Paperwork: The Game. And yet, you know that you need to process as many of these poor people as you can so that your family won't starve. You know that the old lady who you just denied will probably never see her son again; you know the young man you just let through has less than glorious ambitions in your city. Will you support the rebels? Will you toe the party line? Will you let the young lady through, even though her passport is clearly fake, because her fiance was just before her and bribed you to do so? The choice in this game is staggering, and the simplicity of the game itself allows for complete assimilation of your mind into the mind of your character. You feel bad when your child gets sick, but you know that food is sometimes more important than heat.Papers, Please is a work of video game brilliance - a work of art. I give it seven out of seven stars."
,Recommended,239030,18691911,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Fruit Loop Dingus Bustafooligan,"One day a woman came to my boothShe said a man was following her and I must not let him through or she would be forced into slaveryThe man came through with valid papersI denied himI was told that the man had valid papers and was charged 5 creditsI am now 5 dollars in debt to the great state of ArstotzkaI come home to find my child and wife have been taken by sicknessI hear knock at doorI answer, two soldiers arrest me, and take my surviving family members away from meI am told that delinquency is not tolerated in ArstotzkaI am thrown in jail until I can pay my debtsI cannot because I am in jailI die in jailSuch is life in Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,17051646,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""Ideas are more powerful than guns. We would not let our enemies have guns, why should we let them have ideas?"" - Joseph StalinCongratulations! You've won the lottery and earned the ""right"" to become a nameless, faceless little bureaucrat who is responsible from the border station of a fictional socialist country in 1980s, alongside countless entrants and their tons of paperwork. Glory to Arstotzka!Before describing any kind of gameplay, I'd like to warn you:Papers, Pleaseis a highly political satire that parodies Stalin's Russia, or any oppressive totalitarian regime in human history. The humor of the game is comedy noir: cold, immediate and careless with an appropriate dose of existentialism, presenting some genuine examples of your good old-fashioned political dystopia. If you like your sarcasm served cold, and patient enough to go through a simulation of routine banality to observe a comment on the dynamics of government, keep reading. The game manages to set the mood for it perfectly.Papers, Pleasedoesn't even closely resemble any game that I've played so far. It is a basic simulation that lets you try and decide whomever is eligible to enter the country, and whomever is not. And guess what? The rules change daily, always getting more and more complicated until the point you cannot possibly ""not"" hate the government. Endless political conflicts between the government, the neighboring countries and terrorist groups that are ever present don't make things easier or even safer. You live, work and try to earn enough to feed your family, but life is impossible for the honest as always. So things start to get interesting both financially and politically for our bureaucrat as the scenario progresses.The game has 20 or so ending, which presents huge replayability and contains some hidden achievements to hunt for. As a plus, the game takes each save file for each day separately, so it is real easy to load a specific day and replay for the achievement or ending needed.As the last call: I really liked the game, and probably gonna try to achievement hunt for a while. I advise the game for the curious, the bitter and the know-it-all. The graphic lovers won't find anything satisfactory though.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,239030,7468713,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Alexspeed,"Papers, Please is one unique snowflake in the massive ammount of Indie Games that is turning up lately on Steam. If you get to pick one Indie game to play, make it this one.While playing it you will not only be confronted with moral dilemmas and unexpected inspections, you might also be encouraged to think about oppressive regimes and what they mean for the people that have to live in them. Bonus points to you if you start pondering about what a state should do for its citizens and what not.And even if you are unable to grasp the deeper facettes of this game, you will have still a great time stamping ""Denied"" or ""Approved"" into Visa markings.The game gets more and more complex the longer you play it. Discovering all the endings and unlocking Achievements also add to the fun. I also enjoyed the music in this game, its suprisingly nice.You should plan your next holiday in Arstotzka, make sure you get your Papers in time.Glory to Arstotzka!."
,Recommended,239030,12533655,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ｊｅｓｓｅ ペ イ ン,"""Papers, please.""*man hands me poorly drawn picture of himself*""Sir thats not a valid passport""Man: ""ok that fine I come back later""*comes back the next day with name scribbled below picture*...11/10"
76561198101728404,Recommended,239030,18756691,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Superkamerick,"Man comes up And gives me passport only.man: I dont have all papers, but I can come back in 3 days, ill give you five bucks and this watch to approve my entryme: *takes watch and money, denies entry*Man: What? Bull! give me my watch back at least.me: *Doesnt give watch back*man: im not leaving without watch!Me: *detains man. sells watch on way home*me: *doesnt pay for heating or food for family*me: Glory to Arstotzka11/10 would deny again"
,Recommended,239030,15495316,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,K-Gear,Woman: What is this Drawing on the Wall?Woman: My Dog Can Do BetterInspector: It is from my SonWoman: OhWoman: Maybe He Should Try SportsInspector: You Have made a mistake coming hereWoman: Please Let Me through.*Gets Detained*Woman: What are you doing?Woman: Is this Because i make fun of drawing?Woman: I Take it Back!Woman: Picture Should Be in Museum!
,Recommended,239030,13852691,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Few jobs are more soul-sucking than sitting at a cramped desk and shuffling paperwork for hours on end. Now imagine doing that in an Eastern Bloc country during the height of the Cold War, with low pay, bleak conditions and the constant threat of being fired - or worse - if you screw up. Tedious, boring and stressful. Ideal subject matter for a video game, no?And yet Papers, Please is an unforgettable experience. It's been dubbed a ""paperwork simulator"" - and that's not entirely inaccurate - but it's truly a game about freedom, power and how fleeting and illusory each can be.An independent game designed by former Naughty Dog programmer Lucas Pope Papers, Please casts players as a border checkpoint officer in the fictional communist country of Arstotzka. Your job is simple, at least in concept: examine the documents of people who are trying to get into the country, and determine whether they're eligible for entry or should be turned away.At first it's as easy as checking criteria like passport expiry dates, and rejecting paperwork that's invalid or forged. But before long, Papers, Please becomes a tension-filled juggling act, as you're cross-referencing work permits with identity cards, making sure the applicant's weight matches the value on their entry papers, checking fingerprint records and sometimes doing full-body scans for drugs and weapons.Every new day adds new rules to follow and new layers of complexity, from making sure applicants' vaccinations are up to date to applying a draconian extra level of inspection for citizens of a rival nation. And every time you let mess up, you lose the money you'd have earned for properly processing that batch of paperwork.To give the game a sense of grim consequence, your wages are tallied up at the end of each day, from which you must pay for rent, food, heat and medicine for your family. There's almost never enough money for everything... do you let your family go hungry in order to keep the heat on? When both your wife and son are sick and you can only afford medicine for one, who gets it?Despite the retro-flavoured visuals, the act of shuffling virtual papers is actually surprisingly tactile, and spotting a discrepancy and slamming the ""denied"" stamp down on a person's passport imparts an odd thrill of power.But not all decisions are clear-cut, and the game has 20 different endings depending on how things unfold. Do you let a man's pleading wife into the country, even though her paperwork isn't valid and the money it will cost you may mean you can't feed your family that night? Do you deny passage to the man who you suspect is a human trafficker, even though all his documents are in order? Who is behind the enigmatic organization that wants to overthrow the government, and do you dare get involved with their cause?With a deluge of big-budget, high-profile games on the horizon, it might be easy to overlook a quiet, unusual game like Papers, Please. But don't do that, comrade. The consequences would be dire."
,Recommended,239030,10823205,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,👻GhoulishPhantoms👻,"Well first off let me start by saying Kolechians might be reading this review, if you are, please seek the nearest police officer and turn yourself in for being a terrorist. That being said, I'm very proud to have the Ministry of Admission let me review this amazing and impeccable game. The graphics are amazing, lifelike even! The controls are fantastic, you can really feel thedespairjoy in your character's eyes as you march to work and fufill your duty to gloriousArstotzka.I've never seen such a game before. If you can afford this game with the MoA'smeagergenerous paycheck, I'd say pick up this gem."
76561197980238865,Recommended,239030,14018814,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Blarghalt,"Until this game, I never believed I could be racist towards countries that don't exist."
,Recommended,239030,12836307,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,i want to sudoku myself,"""papers please""*gives me all papers including id card**id card says killer sideburns**old grandma without killer sideburns**i arrest her*best game ever"
,Recommended,239030,19471782,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bobeh28,"Papers, PleasePapers, Please is a one of a kind game. It has a concept I have never seen before, and I doubt I will ever see it again.Despite the pixelated graphics, the game manages to very strongly portray a dark, dystopian world. The borders between two enemy soviet states, Kolechia, and Arstotzka, have opened up for the first time in years, and as a border inspector, it is your job to watch for terrorists, smugglers, illegal immigrants, wanted criminals, and people with a quarantined disease, it is very easy in this game to forget something, and let in, or keep out, someone who should have stayed in / out.StatsPapers, Please contains:13 Steam achievementsA ""30 day"" Story mode20 different possible endings to story mode5 family members to look after with soviet wageProsInteresting, retro graphicsGood soundtrackIncreasingly challenging as the game progressesAn interesting story, filled with the options of corruption, or loyalty, deceit, or truth.Multiple endingsIn over 20 hours of gameplay, I have never found a bugConsGame can eventually begin to feel repetativeA few things are timed poorly, and give not as big an impact as they could if done properlySome of the most exciting things mentioned in the papers never influence the main storylineAlthough an amazing game, it is the kind of game that takes a while to get into. It does not start out the most fun game.TL;DRPapers, Please is a one of a kind game, with a lot of different factors that must be taken into account when playing, a combination of planned events and random ones, even in the main storyline makes the story replayable. However, this game isnotgoing to be everyone's cup of tea; may be boring to some. Overall, I reccommend this game.Overall rating7/10"
,Recommended,239030,16292137,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Tom,"Papers, Please is a puzzle, simulation game focused on the emotional task of working as an immigration officers, deciding who you let in and who you deny entry of. The game is based in a fictional country called Arstotzka.The game play focuses around the work life of an immigration inspect at a boarder checkpoint. Players will inspect documents and using a selection of different tools to work out whether the papers meet all of the criteria to warrant access to crossing the boarder. When you do find a problem with the paper work presented to you, there is also the option to interrogate the applicant, which may result in the need for further information such as a full body scan or finger printers.  Once you have worked out all of the paper work and questions being asked, you have to make a choice whether to Accept or deny entry, and then call the next person in line. Only then are you told any mistakes that you have made in the form of a warning slip.On top of wading your way through all the paper work, you also have a time limit for the day in which you have to process as many applicants as possible.  At the end of each working shift, you will earn money based on how many people have been processed, bribes collected, as well as deductions for any penalties you accrued.  Then you must decided how to spend this money with your families budget, spending it on rent, food, heat and other necessities such as medicine or upgrades to your working environment.Paper, Please has a very prominent sound track, which starts as a slow marching rhythm made by bass to represent flow of entrants in the line of applicants and how tired and depressed they are. Although the technical side of the music is basic, it is probably one of the most memorable soundtracks you will hear from a game.The game is only as difficult as you make it; if you pay attention to every little detail, you shouldn't fail. Only if you missing key bits of information or just not paying attention in general will your warnings pile up, and you will start to get less and less money, which results in your bills not being paid, which then results in having to start all over.The game took me a little over twenty hours to complete one run, there is just a huge amount of content to go through, although some of the applicants are scripted such as terrorists or smugglers, along with plot characters, a lot of the others are randomly generated which means no run should ever be the same.Technically, I had no issues what so ever. It's a very technically simple game which can be played in Windows mode without problems either.Papers, Please will certainly not be for everybody, but if you want to try something different from the regular shooting and spell casting games we are drowning in today, pick this up. I got over twenty hours of game play out of this awesome £6,99 title.Glory to Arstotzka!If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/239030"
,Recommended,239030,811643,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Papers Please is just awesome. It's a game where you play an immigration inspector. No, that's not meant sarcastically. I know it sounds dull, but let me tell you that it is absolutely not. It's challenging and interesting, even if the game lasts just a few hours.With every level you play new challenges are unlocked and near the end of the game you have to take into consideration the many aspects of an inspection.There are many moral choices to be made and in total there are 20 endings so there's also more than enough replayabily. An endless mode is also included so this game is neverending. You could play this game your whole life and not get bored. Ok, maybe after a few years you'd get bored, but theoretically you could just go on and on.The graphics have a retro Russian vibe that really impressed me. And the soundtrack isn't very long, but what's there is very good. The song that was played during the credits was actually great.In the end Papers Please was a delight to play. If only more games had gameplay this fun and an idea this original. Get this as soon as you have some money.Glory to Arstotzka ![Rating: 90/100]"
,Recommended,239030,8745549,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,BOT Carrot,Arstotzka greatest country in world. Entry are allow for everyone except dirty Kolechian scum. Cause no trouble.
,Recommended,239030,32861713,Posted: 27 June,all,Gambit.gold1nyyy,"Arstotzka so great, passport not required."
76561198048557780,Recommended,239030,28152482,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pretend I am GLaDOS,"Papers, Please is an amazing game with an immersive story, fine music and great minimalistic art.This game wasn't made for killing time.This game can and will kill you if you're not careful.It builds tension, it makes you question your morals, it makes you genuinely feel bad for your mistakes.It has the perfect atmosphere. You're in the shoes of a miserable inspector, checking miserable travellers, and the game will make you feel miserable just like them. It actually feels like having a job. And at the end of each day, you're happy that you made it through and that your son is still alive. It can't get more immersive than that, in my opinion.The learning curve is steep, and I should say that for the less organized and less prepared players, it would take you a few restarts to learn a system to work it out. I know it did for me. But I wouldn't regret buying this game, it's great.If what you want is a game that will make you suffer, get this."
,Recommended,239030,8498329,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Baker,"WOW what a game.  I will admit I was so hesitant to buy this game because I judged it by its looks and the little gameplay it looked like it had.  Boy I would have made the biggest mistake of my gaming life.  Its hard for me to describe what makes this game my Game of the Year, and one of my favourite games of all time, but I can say you most certainly not be dissopointed.  Its got humor, saddness, happieness, and its all by your decisions.  As a border checkpoint worker you decide the fate of civilians, immigrants, even your family.  All these choices and how good you do your job is a real challenge especially further into the game.  Now im only speaking for myself how great this game is, but it simply must be experienced.  And for it to be created by only one person Lucas Pope is incredible.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,13134305,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,chloe dies,Arstotzka is BEST country!Passport Not neededRight?
,Recommended,239030,7761695,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mazzuri,This game is great for those who like games that requires high concentration and reflex. It requires you to look at small details and work fast in the given time. Definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,239030,7760317,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dan,"""Papers, Please"" fulfills the promise of indie game development as something original in both genre and execution, challenging the way other games have taught you to play, surprising you at various turns and involving you emotionally when you were least expecting it.The game is short and while I'm not completely comfortable recommending it at full price, it's just too good to NOT recommend. If anything I've said in the previous paragraph intrigues you even a little, you should definitely give this one a go."
,Recommended,239030,13074306,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Meganopteryx,"This game actually made me break down in tears of sorrow. So much meaningful commentary on life. When I talk about meaningful games, this is always at or near the top of the list. It's hard for me to play, not only because the gameplay is actually challenging, but because of the human element. The things you have to do to continue the game, the decisions you're faced with, are all difficult and challenging. I really think everyone should play this game."
,Recommended,239030,12710562,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Muir,"Papers, Please is one of those games where you go in expecting to not like it. The graphics are retro (terrible compared to most other games available today), the controls overly simplistic, the music very repetitive. There are no voice actors; every conversation is shown by moving text bubbles. Finally, there is only one setting and you are completely stationary.Put all of the above together and you would think that this is one of the most terrible games of the decade. But you would be wrong. Despite its simplicity, despite its repetitiveness, this is one of the most in depth, thought provoking games I've played in years. And with 20 different endings, there is plenty of replayability.If you haven't played this game, you're missing out."
76561198164849263,Recommended,239030,28458818,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RokVulvo,"Many people will cal this game ""boring, or not fun."" But what they don't realize is the story that was put into it. In order to fully understand what this game is trying to get at you have to look around, read the newspaper, and possibly look up some of the history of the berlin wall. Overall I'd give this game a solid 10/10 for the most intriguing game I have played in awhile... (Excluding INSIDE). For those who are interested in action packed game I wouldn't necessarilly recommend becasuse at points it can become a tad bit slow.Please give this review a thumbs up if you found it helpful, all thumbs are much appreciated!"
76561198049034046,Recommended,239030,20025736,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,not_a_virus.exe,•Gets order to give any information about certain group.•Gives information about group.•Gets arrested for having information about group.Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,25089635,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Or not 2B,"Papers, Please, is an indie game published in 2013 by Lucas Pope, which sees the player take control of an immigration officer at the border of the fictional country ofArstotzka, a country based on the slew of authoritarian dictatorships that popped up in Eastern Europe during the Cold War. Set in 1982 after the conclusion of a six-year conflict between Arstotzka and neighboring Kolechia, the player, an immigration officer for Arsotzka, has to decide based on varying rules who is or isn't allowed to enter Arstotzka.Throughout the game, the player will be faced with tasks largely based around morality: Should this poor old woman be allowed to enter despite her expired passport? Should this refugee be allowed despite his criminal record? Is Cobrastan a real country? The game isn't vague with things and makes it clear the differences presented to the player: Money or Morality? With a family of five (and a sixth possible to adopt) to feed, shelter, and heat, the stakes are much higher and less personal and more interpersonal; it becomes logical to deny the masses illegally trying to enter Arstotzka as long as you're able to keep your family alive.The rules for who can get into the country tend to change daily in the story mode, and the game makes sure to not keep the player too tired or too familiar with a single rule setup; One day people from the  United Federation will be barred due to a Polio outbreak there, another day they'll be allowed in as long as they bring a certificate that they were vaccinated. The game keeps the player on full alert, and tosses in new mechanics (terrorist attacks and rifles players can use to stop them, armed revolutionary groups willing to sneak through the border to overthrow the regime, etc) to keep the player both on edge and entertained, not allowing itself to fall flat or get boring during the 31 days the game has as its story mode.In addition to story mode, there exists an endless mode which allows the player to compete against others internationally via Steam in regard to how many people they can get across in a period of time or other factors, such as how quick they can get through people correctly.The game is a masterpiece in storytelling and narrative, and provides a great deal of stress and emotional impact with the player, along with excellent gameplay which is sure to keep your brain on high alert for a period of time after you finish up. I strongly suggest you buy this game if you enjoy 1984-esque worlds, or if you enjoy puzzle games in general."
76561198069113247,Recommended,239030,17087543,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Armesi,This game proves that I can't feed a family
,Recommended,239030,26826740,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Klevermunky,"This game will tell you more about yourself than a life time worth of therapy. Brutal at times but also charming. Papers Please taught me that to get by in life you have to be a bit of a cold harted monster, and i'm kind of ok with that."
76561198319818104,Recommended,239030,29596721,Posted: 30 January,all,kitsune 💜,"Man comes up And gives me passport only.man: I dont have all papers, but I can come back in 3 days, ill give you five bucks and this watch to approve my entryme: *takes watch and money, denies entry*Man: What? Bull! give me my watch back at least.me: *Doesnt give watch back*man: im not leaving without watch!Me: *detains man. sells watch on way home*me: *doesnt pay for heating or food for family*me: Glory to Arstotzka11/10 would deny again"
76561198047676547,Recommended,239030,16614406,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wock Cizard,Man bribes me to get in with a digital watch.It's a precious family heirloom.He also gives me money.Take both and have him arrested.10/10 Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198118247819,Recommended,239030,23520097,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Groundwalker,Played with a mate while drinking.Made a replica rule book on scrap piece of paper to process faster.Reached 18 Checks in one day.Realised East/West Grestin = East/West Germany.Played as fascists.Son is sick far too often.Did not pay for his medication.Died on his birthday.Had enough money for level 5 apartment.10/10Glory to Arstotska.
,Recommended,239030,33104262,Posted: 1 July,all,~ Molly ~,"A girl came to me, while she gave me the passport, she passed me the little note while entering the border, said she been taken here for a work by some guy in the line after her, and she afraid that she will be end up in brothel and might get kill if she not be here, and want me to help her.I feel so sad for her and so mad to a guy that she been talking about, some moment later, a guy came to me with a big smile, passed me a paper and also his poster to the sex club, and told me to pay a visit, which I think this is the guy that she told me, but his paper and document are all valid and can entering the border with no problem.... I decided to gave him denied, and unable to get in to help that girl, but with that decision, the government demand me to pay the penatly with the money that could help my son while he sick... What if I let him in, so I could help my son, but the girl that I don't know could lose her life?These are the tension and pressure that always happen in this litle game, you be a kind person and let lose a wife without the right paper in after her husband? or be a person to make sure everything must be right so no threat happen to your country and people? everything had a consequence, will you follow the order or follow your own decision? but always remember that you are in the government hand and so your family.This is one of the best indie point and click game, it is fun and brilliant, it had a deep story and event, tension, and a little political decision in it which you can be easily addictive to this game while make you feel like you really been there doing the Immigration work and take that responsibility, the country is in your hand. Glory to Arstotska! :P"
,Recommended,239030,9608610,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,McKris,Destroying other people's lives with a single press of a stamp since 1982.
,Recommended,239030,19380021,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sir Mike of Wild,"*Starting a new day**Calls first guy up**Gets handed papers**Checks name, DOB, work permit, etc**Sees name is 'Ivan Bae'**Immediately accepts into country**Gets ticket*I did it for Bae.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,25468298,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hapax,"This is a testament to the power of games as a medium. It manages to be, all at once, an intellectual stimulation, an escape from reality, and social commentary. It is art, entertainment and work rolled into one. As the player, you are presented with a task that is very much like a lot of paper-pushing jobs out there. Yet here it becomes an intellectual challenge; a test of your mettle and attention. And somehow it is still fun. This is quite an accomplishment in terms of gameplay.The story, meanwhile, is at once Orwellian and Kafkaesque. It is a kind of social commentary, but not on-the-nose; it is subtle, humourous, nuanced. The recurring characters, with very brief screen time, manage to be interesting and memorable. The Soviet aesthetic is superbly done in terms of design and graphics. The mechanics can be constraining sometimes, but that's part of its charm and challenge.Above all, this is a game that issui generis, its own beast. There are games with similar micromanagement mechanics, but the aesthetic and the pacing of Papers, Please make it unique."
76561198036639180,Recommended,239030,23914026,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Iran Man With The Plan,Glory To Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10713025,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,phillycheese™,"*Woman walks up to counterME: ""Papers, please. Your passport says you're a male.""WOMAN: ""I am.""10/10"
,Recommended,239030,13773104,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WhoToTrus,>Hot Lady comes up to booth(Found true love)>Gives passport>Gender is stated as male>Screens her>Very hot woman is a very hot guy-Denied-10/10
76561198122328559,Recommended,239030,18433879,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Autismus Maximus,Got thrown into a gulag for putting my son's drawing on my wall.19/17 Would communist regime again.
,Recommended,239030,26484428,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SharkyMcSnarkface,">Another day at border point>EZIC agent comes into booth>He leaves poison>I shoot EZIC agent as he leaves>Guards drag body out of way of entrants>Filthy Kolechian walks in>Must find something to deny scum>Find nothing wrong with papers>I cry silently in the back>I get an idea>I let the filth pass>I used the EZIC poison on passport>Another Kolechian removed>I am hailed as hero by guards and Arstotzkans in the line>I admit a foreigner>I get sent to gulag because I didn't notice it said ""Svyatoslavovich"" on one document and ""svyatoslavovich"" on another>Glory to Arstotzka10/10 would stamp papers for the motherland again."
,Recommended,239030,32225411,Posted: 6 June,all,Lambda,"Depending on how things are going, Papers Please is either a simulation of that moment that a cog in the machine’s heart finally stops beating, or a kind of hidden object game where what you’re mostly looking for is a glimmer of hope. You’re not a bad person. You’re simply an immigration official doing your job, manning the thin grey line between Kolechia and Arstotzka in the face of a seemingly endless stream of suicide bombers and smugglers and of course parasites seeking to suck upon (what the propaganda insists are) Arstotzka’s most bountiful of teats. Show your passport when ordered. Pay no attention to the sea of desolation all around. Glory to Arstotzka, or else.There’s more to Papers Please than just spotting a mismatched date or a missing access pass, though it’s impressive how satisfying even those simple slices of detective work can be. There’s a real tactility to handling the documents handed over by each person who arrives at the booth in the hope of work, a new life, or simply going home; of shuffling them around what passes for your desk to double-check names and details and make sure the name on someone’s work visa matches the one on their passport. The limited space and even more limited colour palette make the job feel oppressive but not actively unpleasant, with the ka-chunk finality of the DENIED or APPROVED stamp providing a shortcut straight into the brain of a terminal jobsworth. It’s your little scrap of power, for crushing the fools who would dare insult Arstotzka’s finest, or gracing an occasional sob story with administrative pity.Time and again, the details make the experience so much more than it might have been. The limited space for paperwork, for instance, soon ends up being a major liability, with documents piled on top of documents and key information not always on hand. That could have been annoying. Instead, it’s part of why spotting mistakes feels more than simply playing Spot The Difference or running through a checklist – the slow mental accretion of things like town names and standard traps becoming a learned skill that allows for ever more efficiency. A wrong name, spotted! The wrong stamp, denied! A bomb, discovered! Reaching for the approval stamp can even start to feel like an admission of defeat, at least until a citation for failure actively doesn’t pop up to be a mark of shame.Avoiding spoilers, the story mode also offers more than just random paperwork over its month-long run. There are moral decisions, like whether to separate a husband and wife whose paperwork doesn’t match, or play white knight and turn a pimp away before he can get his hands on a girl who claims he tricked her over the border. The right answer may seem obvious, but every penalty that costs money means less food, heat, and medicine for the family back home – a family that has to stay alive, if only because the Ministry of Admission has no time for a slacker who can’t provide for one. Later, things get a good deal more dangerous thanks to both local and foreign threats, bribery, corruption, and the chance to use and abuse your stamps and other powers for variably worthwhile causes.It’s not a deep plot by any means, but it ties in perfectly with the bleakness and adds an edge to what could so easily have gotten bland. The only downside is that the heavy scripting makes repeating days to chase different endings or simply scrape together enough money to survive feel instantly repetitive. A shorter, more variable campaign with scope to tell more stories, set up more conflicts between factions, and reach a resolution in a comfortable single sitting also might have worked better – FTL kept coming to mind. Certainly, staring at the greyness until both eyes start dripping disgusting eye-juice is a bad idea, though in a way that does admittedly feel appropriate. We’re only dealing with a maybe here though, and first time through, at least, the campaign is long enough to fully experiment with its concepts without outstaying its welcome. It’s just not very conducive to going back and chasing alternate endings.After the story is over (or earlier, by sneakily Googling a code), there’s also an Endless version to play. This is less enjoyable simply because it actually is all about the job, now recast as Timed, Endurance and Perfection (no mistakes) mode and it becomes more of a game. In Story Mode, it’s easy to see the people you deal with as people, even as the institutional style pretends it’s training you not to. Here, they’re openly random numbers with faces, and the lack of a bigger picture instantly turns the vibe from intrigue to raw data processing. It’s a worthy bonus addition to Papers, Please, but one that’s not likely to have anyone rush out and call US Border Protection for an application form. Should that inspiration strike though, you should definitely put any high scores under “previous experience.”Papers Please is a fantastic idea, beautifully executed. On the surface, stamping passports is the dullest job in the world. Wrapped up in Cold War chic though, it’s more than that from the start, with enough personality soon emerging from the greyness to keep it interesting even after foiling the hundredth attempt to sneak something nasty across the border. It’s not necessarily ""fun,"" especially as you watch your family wither and die in the name of efficient immigration control, but it’s certainly compelling. Very few other games have so perfectly encapsulated just how being trapped in this kind of dehumanising role can be, in the best possible way, and both inside and out of the dreaded grey booth. If only there could be an achievement for reaching the exact moment you turn someone away for no particularly good reason, only to quietly tell yourself that, as ever, you were just following orders."
,Recommended,239030,19262912,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ham sammich,"Pros:- incredibly unique concept- tons of addictive fun- some humor here and there- multiple endings- choices matter- having to learn everything to succeed is a very pleasant experienceCons:- noneFinal rating: 10/10 Buy it now, or you will be detained. Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198011882010,Recommended,239030,16864030,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Concaco,Used to do good job. Detained every filthy foreigner with forged documents.Accidentaly helped the Order once.Had 19/20 citations to finish.Got executed anyways for treason.This game represents everything I stand for.
,Recommended,239030,18116165,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Him of Many Faces,Communist simulator 2013. 10/10 would detain again.
,Recommended,239030,26109825,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SoI|dCentur|0,"It's not as flashy as some 3D games, but it's beautiful. It isn't as loud as other games, but it's sensational. It's not as verbose as other story-focused games, yet it's very emotional, and managed to tell a story through your actions. Who knew that taking on the role of an immigration inspector could be so nerve-wracking, yet so rewarding at the same time. You just spend your time behind the desk; you approve or deny visas, and wish that at the end of the day, you've got enough money to feed your family some bread.With your role as an inspector, you get to choose the fate of the immigrants and the country. People desperately want to get inside, and they'll do absolutely anything for an approval. Sometimes, more extreme solutions come into the minds of people, and they'll just climb over the border to be shot by guards. If you fail your duties, the country temporarily goes into a state of disarray, and employs tighter security measures which makes your job harder. A harder job means more papers. More papers means more time observing discrepancies. More time observing discrepancies means that the immigration line moves slower - and a slow line doesn't pay the bills. Don't be surprised if, by the end of the day, your family died of hunger just because you didn't work harder for the country.It's very interesting to see how something so minimal, could be so powerful. The player works a mere desk job, yet becomes judge and protector of this fictional country. You connect entrants with their loved ones; you give immigrants better lives; you give people a new start - all with a single stamp. It's storytelling at one of its finest moments, and Papers, Please showed what the medium is truly capable of.And there you have it."
,Recommended,239030,19982548,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Omnipotent [F In Trig Version],Me: Paper's please.Visitor: *Hands hand drawn passport*Me: Sir this is a fake passportVisitor: I seeVisitor: You no like passport.Visitor: Tommorow i bring better.Next DayMe: Paper's pleaseVisitor: *Hands the same handdrawn passport*10/10 would draw passport again
76561197996668645,Recommended,239030,29309093,Posted: 16 January,all,Lephtovermeet,"At first I wrote a silly review because this game just struck me as a silly throw back that's addicting yet worth the money. Now after having logging more hours I feel obligated to leave a more accurate and in-depth review:This game really ♥♥♥♥ed me up emotionally - and I mean that in a good way. For me it's really rare when media (book, movies, games, whatever) really leaves any lasting impact for more than a few hours however I found myself simply dwelling on Papers Please at idle times days afterwards. The game has a really transforming effect much more powerful than you would ever expect especially given the media it’s presented by and the presentation style itself. In spite of being a pixilated arcade style game, once you get into it – you lose yourself.I found myself really filling out the role like so few games have had me doing. It’s so easy to succumb to mind numbing bureaucracy and transform into a robot: after a while you’re not even reading the dialogue or looking at people other than to match their faces with their pictures similar to T-800 terminator. Similarly you can lost in people’s stories as they shuffle past you wanting so desperately to help people or do some good (greater good or for personal gain) but being constantly bound by government regulations and your need to support your family and not be sent to the Gulags. Yet still it’s you can find yourself invigorated with power wanting either to obstruct and detain people out of spite or rather allow key players to operate and undermine the very bureaucracy employing you.Than you stop and go to the bathroom or take a phone call and realize you are playing a videogame with a fairly simple midi-style sound track and SNES era graphics. Nonetheless 2 days later on your lunch break you can’t help but wonder what would have happened if you had let that one revolutionist through, or your bosses lover, or denied that one terrorist, and you have to play again to find out.All in all the game has 20 endings. It seems like a lot but I wish there were 100. A proper run though can take you anywhere from maybe 3-10 hours. It’s extremely addicting in my opinion not because of (rather in spite of) the amazingly retro arcade play style – rather because of how engrossing and thoroughly intriguing the characters and setting are.Hey dev, I want more!************************************old review below***********************************This game is an exercise in fury. I have never been so ♥♥♥♥ing annoyed. Why am I still playing. Oh god I'm still playing! Why can't I stop playing!?"
76561198125448762,Recommended,239030,30824667,Posted: 29 March,all,mkhcroy,The sound of that citation printer will give you PTSD.11/10
,Recommended,239030,33720365,Posted: 22 July,all,alphyna,"After much deliberation I have come to the conclusion thatPapers Pleaseisthebest game that I know of. Note that ""the best"" doesn't necessarily mean ""the most enjoyable for you personally"", and the title itself is silly—there are too many games in the world to choose one to rule them all. But if I were to choose one, this would be it.Its presentation is great, very stylish, and while the visuals are pixelly, they are never cheap. Everything that needs to be animated, is, and apart from looking nice, there is functional depth to the visuals; after all, part of the game is checking if the person in front of you looks like their simplified picture. The musical theme is impressive, catchy, and sets the perfect mood.But the brilliance ofPapers Pleaselies in its gameplay/story. It's a customs bureaucrat simulator that plays somewhat like a HOG, I guess? The point is, it's a game where you check documents to either let people inside the country or not.And by that I mean that the game doesn'timitatethe process of checking documents. It actually makes you do exactly what your character does.A WORD ON MODELLINGAll games—not just video ones!—create simplified models of the world they want to represent. In a shooter, you don't actually spend effort to raise a gun, pull a trigger, and manually insert new ammo; most shooter developers have come to the conclusion that the most enjoyable part of shooting is aiming and adjusting for recoil, so these are the only elements of 'real' shooting that most FPSs feature. This is the most commonshooting modelthat we're all used to.Models exist for a reason, of course. They strip everything non-essential from an experience or even represent it symbolically to reconstruct how it feels, not what it is.However, this explains why a game that actually makesyoudoexactly what your character doeshas such a strong emotional impact: it plays fair.GLORY TO IMAGINATIVE THEMESThis may be hard to remember now, but whenPapers Pleasewas released games that take place in depressing post-Soviet-ish countries were not so common; the popularity of the setting surged because of it. However, none of the followers managed to achieve the greatest feat ofPapers Please:It makes you sympathize with the type of person you probably hate in real life. It may even make you a slightly better, more compassionate human being by putting you in someone else's tight and extremely unpleasant shoes.We have all met unkind and indifferent bureaucrats that suffer from what is shrewdly called ""the gatekeeper syndrome"" in Russian—people that have gotten a small amount of power in a particular area (like, say, the right to let someone through customs or not) and abuse it heartlessly, without any compassion or reason. It's easy to dehumanize people who do that—and rightly so.ButPapers Pleaseinvites you to look at it from a different angle. It's not even that your son is sick and your family, freezing; it's just that you're so focussed on not making a mistake, so stressed over your job that you don't evenseethe person in front of you.An invasive full-body scan is required? Great, it gives you a moment of respite and a potential clear and simple reason to deny entry. The person doesn't have one of the many papers required? Even better—no need to scan through the rest of their documents, entry denied.Someone is in trouble and doesn't even try to hide it, honestly asking you for help, begging that you let them in without a passport? Oh, you justlovethose. They only take a couple of seconds to deny and detain.Most of the time I didn't even listen to what people told me, only reading through the conversation log later. Some situations made me distinctly uncomfortable—like having to deny a person because their assigned gender didn't match the claimed one. But mostly it was simple.If everything seemed to be in order, chances were I hadn't paid close enough attention. Better check again.CHECK IT OUTPapers Pleasealso has a number of touching and likeable characters, lovely side-stories, 20 endings, and a great title.And, oddly enough for a game so straightforward in its theme, it does give you some insight into how humans operate—everywhere, not just in depressing post-Soviet-ish countries.When starved for resources, physical, monetary, and cognitive, we humans can become rather heartless.But games likePapers Pleaseare a step towards realizing and consequently fighting this."
,Recommended,239030,13533921,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TheMummy17,"I was amazed at how much fun I had actually ""working"".   It's kind of an old school graphics game,so if high end graphics is all you're into, this game is probably not for you. In this game it's  all about noticing the detail and staying on your toes. The actual story of the game does not last all that long but it can be some trial and error figuring out how to get things done correctly and learning how to make things quicker for yourself so you can make more money.  It also helps to memorize things as well.  You also have some moral decisions to make to either help someone or make life easier for yourself. I have nearly 54 hours logged on this game although some of the time is AFK time. I also have all the achievements as well, it's not too difficult to get them all."
,Recommended,239030,20406813,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,"""You have been selected for a random search.Turn towards the scanner""*Disclaimer. Random searches are not so random, you Kolechian scumbag+ One of the most simple, yet atmospheric games ever concived.+ Masterful attention to small details that suck you in+ Brilliant puzzle, enormous challenge+ Great Lore. Glorious characters.+ Extremely grim, can put off some people+/- ""Emotional"" Choices / Story choices are a mixed bag,(Some are way too easy to spot or little to notice but both are troublesom anyways depeding on you )  altho they lead to many endings that add replayability.- Repetitive as HELL (altho part of the conceptGloryToArstozka/10"
,Recommended,239030,14201331,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Richter,"Be meAverage Arstotzkian citizenGet selected to work the borderFamily and I are given a decent apartmentFirst day at workOnly aloud to let other Arstotzkian citizens acrossMan walks up to deskDoesn't have any paperworkisthisguykidding.jpgSays Arstotzka is best countrynicetrybud.jpgSend him awayDay goes byGet two citations for letting invalid citizens into Glorious ArstotzkaGo home with decent pay, family is happyNext day all people are allowed, as long as they have proper documentationGuy walks up to deskIt's the guy from yesterdayohnonotthisguyagain.exe""Hello freind, i have passport now!""Take on look and see it's obviously homemade""Sir, this is fake.""""No no, it ok.""Have to get him on something elseSkim passport to see that it was issued in a city that doesn't exist.""Sir, this city doesn't exist""""Ok ok, i get real passport next time.""SureNearing end of shift when a man jumps the border an flings a grenade into the gaurd, is promptly shotToo lateGrenade explodes killing the gaurd and scattering visitors""Oh yeah, forgot to mention that this happens on a regular basis""GreatHave to cut heating bill to make ends meetFamily is cold and my son is sickNext day""All foreigners need a visitor's pass.""""Also, security has been ramped up""Get to check-pointSix security gaurdsS*** just got realMan walks upOh noIt's the man from yesterdaythis time he has a valid passportBut unfortunately he does not have a Visitor's PassActually starting to like this guy""Sorry bud you need a Visitor's Pass.""""You run strict border, that good, it mean you do your job.""Send him away for the third timeDay wares onApproached by a woman who slips me a bussiness cardIt's for a strip club""Ask for Ava.""i'di'dneverbecaughtdeadaroundthat♥♥♥♥♥hole.jpgNot enough to make ends meet, family is hungry, cold, and critically ill.Next few days go byApproached by the same man every day, always something in correct with his paperwork, it's a shame because i really like himHe brings a sense of light to my otherwise bleak and boring dayFamily's condition is slowy decliningMother-in-Law dies first, suspiciously, she died of food poisonshhhhh.exeAnother day goes byMy friend approaches me againThis time with the proper paper workfinally.jpgI let him throughAs i watch him go, a man runs over the border shoving guards out of his wayHe shouts ""FOR REPUBLICA!"" as he lobs a grenadeIt lands right next to my friendIt's to late to warn himI watch in sheer horror as the grenade explodes and he is blown to smitherinesMy family succombs to illness and i am firedsuch is life in ArstotzkaThis is a great game, would highly reccomend to anyone 10/10"
76561198040771008,Recommended,239030,25091578,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Terminator_Ellie,Do job.Cause no trouble.Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,11188315,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,damaged,"Arstotzka so great, passport not required.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,19966318,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dreamingberlin,"I wanted to help my family to live in the bright future of Arstotzka.I was so lucky to get this job.I must work as hard as I can to help my country.My country takes pride of its family and life in community.I was so dedicated to help my country and to respect its laws.I was poor. So poor.But proud.Even when my family members died one by one, without medicine, heat or food.We ate when we can.We could not be in debt, you understand.They died. All of them.Suddendly, I was alone.Alone, but proud.Arstotzka had a bright future.However, I am not part of this bright future.I lost my job, because the country need model citizen with family to represent our ideal.I have no job, no family left and no hope for my future.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198209393504,Recommended,239030,33935617,Posted: 31 July,all,Rankedradar,"""Papers, please.""*Man hands me documents**They are clearly fake, drawn in crayons.*""Welcome to Arstoska."""
,Recommended,239030,15873280,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ernest,Remember one thing!Cobrastan is not a real country.and not every female is female...
,Recommended,239030,13020731,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Otmar,I ruin people's lives at will.11/10
,Recommended,239030,12689954,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,DiegoTheSloth,"Glory To Arstotzka!  If you want intense action sequences including stamping passports, shooting terrorists and x-raying people to check for contraband, then this is a game for you!  Some aspects of the game become very challanging  including telling apart a man from a woman, confiscating illegal paraphernalia and resisting the urge to not leave your border outpost to go to the strip clubs advertised by foreign visiters.  Dont let your family die and kill all those terrorisers!"
,Recommended,239030,14147539,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dr. Orgasmo,I let in a man but sent away his wife.I denied passage for a woman to see her son.I arrested about 50 people.Rating: 10/10 - Not a single blemish on the face of Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,23411410,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mrcaique,"""Papers, please.""[See a discrepancy][Ask to the owner of the papers]""That is new to me.""""Denied!"" * pop *[Person goes away]""NEXT!""Papers, Pleaseis the one of the best game I've ever played. You and your family are moving to Arstotzka, a fictional country in the east Europe, and you are responsible for monitoring the border.With the 'simple' premisse to verify fake passports, you must to be attentive, any miss and you will be notified and after two notifications, the next will be deducted from your paycheck. Still, you need to pay the bills, like the house rent, heating, food for your family and, if necessary, medicines.The best part of the game is the immersion, you feel like you are in the game. At any time, a unexpected event can happen and you must to do something - will you let pass a woman that, if she returns to her home country, she will die? Or how you react if a misterious guy needs your help? The game has several endings. Any choice that you do, it will influence throughout the history.Papers, Pleaseis a unique and indispensable game."
,Recommended,239030,23090149,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,「Synoh」,"Till this day, Jorji still tries to enter Arstotzka."
76561198079506370,Recommended,239030,17102882,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AstriaS,Detained a diplomatGot arrested for being $1 in debt due to fine from hanging up sports bannerRestartAdmitted serial killerAdmitted guy who then murdered serial killerBest friend Jorji showed up to give me money.Escaped the country with my son leaving rest of my family to be executed10/10
,Recommended,239030,23251535,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Off Topic,"I just finished Papers, Please a few minutes ago, and it's left quite an impact. For a game made by a single guy, this is outstanding work. The concept of having to face a constant struggle of economic issues, terrorism, forgery, and even keeping your family healthy and well fed is innovative, and it keeps the GOOD bit of Pheonix Wright.The world of Papers, Please is absorbing, and makes you feel as if you are genuinely affecting the lives of the peopl who you Deny, and Accept. There were many, many moments in Papers, Please where I was conflicted on whether to Accept or Deny someones Passport, as sometimes it would essentially ruin their entire life if you denied it, or accepted it.Although I do adore this game, if you're not quick with your fingers, I personally wouldn't reccomend it. The game, from my playthrough, requires fast movements and a keen eye, as some of the ""forgery"" is just a single letter in a name, or an extra +3 to the weight of the passport holder. If however, you're looking for a fun, innovative and absorbing game, buy Papers, Please. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,239030,13582791,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,rgk,"The gameplay is border control tedious paperwork. Verifying if different entries are coherent, checking for frauds or typos, asking people to provide more information. And then deciding if you let them through or not.I have very little empathy to pixels, so I thought this was going to be easy. I would just accept people whose papers are fine, and then refuse people whose papers are not right even if they are dying and need an organ transplant.But then the game got to me. There is so much more going on than just the little story of the person that comes to meet you. One person will tell you about another. Will give you something for another. Will try to bribe you, and you need the money to keep your own family afloat. There are events going on in the game's world, and it is subtly told through short sequences or short news reports.I have to give a file to a spy. Someone else comes, and tells me that he is also a spy, and the next person looking for the file is a bad guy. He gives me another file so I can switch for the fake. Which file do I choose to give, who do I trust?And then I start to care. A girl tells me that her abusive boyfriend that beats her up and might end up killing her is coming. His papers are alright, but I still refuse to let him enter, and get a salary sanction for my decision. The game won, I was not just proceeding as if they were pixels and I started to make moral choices and get invested in my role.This game is not exactly ""fun"", but it is Art and worth trying to anyone that wants to see maturity in the video games medium. Very original, meaningful, and really well crafted."
,Recommended,239030,19808603,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mike_Wazzowski,"This game made me racist. I have no time for two-faced forgers. Time is money, and my son is sick."
,Recommended,239030,10623119,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fallen 270,Guy made a passport out of cranyons. I let him through.9/10Would work a immigration station.
,Recommended,239030,12977968,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Skyrophant,I got a cereal box decoder from a creepy dude in a hood and then i was executed in front of my family.10/10
76561198066833415,Recommended,239030,26553925,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Papa Stalin,You: Papers please.Visitor: Here you go.You: Where do you come from?Visitor: Kolech...You: DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENIED!!!!!!11!!!1!!1111!!!!
76561198060415171,Recommended,239030,29726991,Posted: 5 February,all,alcoholic cat mage,I'm actually enjoying reviewing documents.what the ♥♥♥♥
76561197989314803,Recommended,239030,30575015,Posted: 17 March,all,Soft_As_Fluff,"How can I explain why checking papers all day and struggling to keep your digital family alive is fun?I can't. But you have to play this game. Don't think about it, just buy it. I guarantee you'll enjoy it.5/5. Glory to Aristotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,25536298,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Rain,"Is it ugly to look at? Too be honest, yes. Is it depressing to play? Hell ye. Does it feel like a real job? As much as it can.But... The setting, the story, the originilaty, the atmosphere, the decisions, the suspense - that all makes it worth your time."
,Recommended,239030,28464783,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,JeyJeyKing,"""Be nice to my wife!"" he said.""If you send me back they'll kill me!"" she said.DENIEDGlory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,30392033,Posted: 8 March,all,Johangir,"Review! Papers, Please so great, review not required. Right?"
,Recommended,239030,26776912,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gamdias,"A true gem among indie games!""Glory to Arstotzka!"""
,Recommended,239030,9316056,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Lacool,"Made me want to work as a government clerk, it's that good."
,Recommended,239030,24078176,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nuuskiss,"Got screwed by twice in a row with a fake papers.Third comrade comes in and prays that I let him pass for he has cancer and needs Arstozka's famous healthcare to fix him.After preventing him to pass he offers me all his savings as a bribe.I snatched his last pennies, denied his passport and commanded him to get back in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ he came from.Felt both good and miserable at the same time afterwards... gg 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,34066891,Posted: 6 August,all,Netski,"Yes, you can be a strict inspector and let enter only people with right papers. Or you can help overthrow the whole government. It's on you...GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!10/10"
,Recommended,239030,12964211,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Крис Гей,"This game is a social commentary about life as a border agent in a communist dictatorship/oligarchy. It can show you the struggle that people can go through when they live in an area that is oppressive. This game is not for people that want variety in their gameplay, it has 0 variety. This is a linear game that hardly changes from start to finish. There are many different paths, and depending on how you go through the game, can change in length a lot. I enjoyed this game myself, but you should only buy it if you wish to view social commentary of this type, and not for variety or flamboyant things in the gameplay. I think this is a great game that many people can enjoy."
76561198156031933,Recommended,239030,25654607,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jonsuman,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" -Jorji Costava"
,Recommended,239030,7756811,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"i dont come home to do the same job but presented as ""entertainment"""
,Recommended,239030,11219302,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Verksies {AngryKatte},Glory to Arstotzka greatest country in world. Glory to Jorji greatest man on planet. No entry for all Kolechian scum.
76561198030201337,Recommended,239030,29058030,Posted: 6 January,all,Epoch,I slacked off in school and didn't do my assignment because I wanted to file paperwork instead. 10/10 would detain my teacher again.
,Recommended,239030,26596212,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Trik the Lowrider,"Oh man, how do you even describe this game.  It's one-of-a-kind and unique. You basically buy this game to be an immigration officer of an imaginary country for a day. Gameplay is simple yet sometimes challenging.  The game is funny but thought-provoking.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,239030,18191577,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Emperor of Putinkind,"Donald Trump Simulator 20160/542,500,640 approved foreigners"
76561198136566136,Recommended,239030,30348248,Posted: 5 March,all,blair_childe_of_spike,I bought this game after watching jacksepticeye play it.  I really loved the story and the game play and decided to buy it to go through more of the story.  I'm really impressed by the number of ways you can go through this story.  Though it is just a game it is also remenicent of real world events.  And I think that was intentional.
,Recommended,239030,32853069,Posted: 27 June,all,smuckley,"For a game that is essentially ""Passport Control Simulator"" it is truly amazing!The big question is, do you show loyalty to your freeloading family or patriotism to Arstotzka?Personal highlight for me was allowing a man through (his paperwork all checked out) that was fleeing with his wife to Arstotzka and was so happy that he was allowed in, stating his wife was next in the queue. Her papers did not check out, my hands were tied, I had to split the couple. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,10154557,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,octolass,Jorji is everything
76561198062301817,Recommended,239030,23629054,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rhythm Raph,"I must congratulate Lucas Pope for being able to turn a mundane task into an entertaining experience. Never in my life I would have guessed I'd someday enjoy to examine passports and permits.However, I am probably one of the few people not able to see a deeper message to this game. Ok yeah, dictatorship sucks, but we all know that. It doesn't really give you another point of view in the matter. Also, I did not feel some sort of conflict. If I deny someone, so what? There's one point in the game where you know that if you deny the woman ahead of you, she will be killed in her country. That's the only time you may feel a dilemma. I never thought I'd say that and I'm really sorry to do so, but the problem here is the graphics. There's just a bunch of pixels in front of me, not displaying any emotion whatsoever. I don't know what's wrong with me since everyone seem to be able to feel empathy toward those characters, but I really didn't care about her. It was a spoiled opportunity to make me infringe the strict rules of my country.Also, the other side of the dilemma is supposed to be your family. If you don't do well your job, like if you accept someone that you shouldn't, you won't provide enough money to make them survive. This would be great if I felt attachment toward my family. The thing is that the only time you ""see"" your family is between two days, on a static screen that displays ""Mother-in-law"", ""Uncle"", ""Wife"" and ""Son"". Yeah, you don't get to see them, and you don't even know their name. So what if ""Uncle"" die? Will I grieve?As much as I love minimalism and believe graphics are not what make a game good, this game really would have benefit from better aesthetics. Regarding its emotional impact and its political statements, there is room to improvement.In the end, I still recommend it because I love it very much as a GAME; sadly, it will not be more than that for me."
,Recommended,239030,34730942,Posted: 4 September,all,"Cthulhu Calamari /|\(;,;)/|\","I never thought a game could make me empathize with bureaucrats in a totalitarian regime, but there you go. It’s not always fun, but it always feels worth playing.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,23876480,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Resistive Track,"Haven't played that long, good game though"
,Recommended,239030,33363222,Posted: 7 July,all,Fur1oZ,"*buys crayons for my son**son draws a painting of me**puts it on the wall in my office**officer comes**catchy song plays*""You have been arrested for unofficial wall hanging!""""Penalty is forced labour for the rest of your life""""Your family will be held for questioning""""GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! :)"""
,Recommended,239030,25355414,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,I DEMAND A SEQUEL!!!
,Recommended,239030,7977253,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,(･8･),"This game is very interesting, you will play a customs officer, you need prevent terrorists and speculators sneaked into your own country.Also test your observation skills and compassion, this game will be difficult more and more.Very playable.It's worth to buy without any discount? I would say ""ABSOLUTELY"".TIP: You must need to notice any names, date of birth, ID, pictures, district of country and even the news.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,13245682,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,PhantomTa2,"Do I recommend this game?   Does the pope♥♥♥♥♥♥in the woods??  I got this for my daughter, mainly, expecting crap.  In fact, I'd had it for quite some time but nobody has ever bothered with the game....after all, how good can a game that cost (probably) about £100 to create be?Well, me and my daughter fired this up tonight. We'd just put my lad to bed, at 9pm, after playing LEGO Marvel and was looking through what I had installed, so I could give my daughter the same amount of time on the PC as my son had, to make it fair.  I suggested she try it out as there was no point putting on a massive game for the sake of 60 minutes.  Holy 'nards, was I wrong??  Before we knew it, and even bothered to look, it was 11:45pm.  The time, literally, flew by.I'm disabled and I was stood up at the time, (wife took all furniture when she left), because I have very limited seating, at the moment, that can cater to my needs and am usually getting fed up about 15-20 minutes of not being sat down with agony in my back as well as my legs.  Admittedly I gobbed a high dose of morphine first but I didn't even get fed up of standing.  I was stood over her shoulder watching her play and it ended up with us both doing it, asking each other to choose option A or option B or just to arrest the scumbags that were trying to get through!!10/10 DEFINITELY recommend this game.  I expected fossilized mammoth crap and was rewarded with the Hope Diamond.....So much Goddamned fun!!"
,Recommended,239030,20689988,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vulpes,"Papers, Please so great, review not required right?"
76561198018326356,Recommended,239030,22835638,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lowenly,Papers Please is game where keep organized desk space is legitimate strategy.This is best game.Cлава Apcтoцкa!
,Recommended,239030,19090267,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,skurleton,game is hot like firegame is object of desiregame wrap your heart in wirelike my review
,Recommended,239030,13475952,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Abu Francis al Vaticani,Man handed me a passport made out of Crayon.He thanks me and enters.Woman hands me 100% good documents and says her children are waiting for her.Detain her and watched her get knocked out by guards.11/10Would watch old lady get knocked out again.
,Recommended,239030,31169508,Posted: 15 April,all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"Papers please is a communist border guard simulation game where the player must admit or deny civilians. Players must check and double check papers provided by the people seeking admittance.The core gameplay of papers please relies on the players perception of the paperwork itself. Players must examine each paper to confirm authenticity of provided forms including, passports, work forms, entry permits and identifications. The player will have to keep a sharp eye out for things like forged documents, discrepancies in information, expired documents and potential smugglers.Papers please has an extremely rich story, with 20 different possible endings. These endings can be achieved depending on the players decisions in certain situations. The story revolves around a revolution brewing in the country and the player can choose to help or hinder said revolution in various ways.Papers please does a lot right:Fantastic storyEasy achievementsWell designed gameplayHumble but effective art and sound designPapers please does a few things wrong:Can become boringCan be considered hard for someThe game could end abruptly from one of the many endingsPapers please is a fantastic story driven ""casual"" game. For the price of $10.99CND it's a good price to those gamers who enjoy a good story with solid but relaxed gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,30619428,Posted: 19 March,all,Freefilly,This is a great game. The story is immersive. You actually feel disapointed when you get something wrong.
76561198178058305,Recommended,239030,18938014,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,wah,Man comes requesting to cross the border.Man is selected for random search.Man has grenades hidden in his clothes.Weapons and contraband are not allowed.Man bribes me $10 to let him through.I let the man through.Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,14056098,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Heantrad,I learned all the cities name's from the game.I almost failed on geography on real life.10/10
,Recommended,239030,10885369,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,fauxtronic,"Who knew playing a Checkpoint Charlie officer in a fictional Eastern Bloc state could be so much fun?  Despite a solitary and very simplistic 8-bit gameplay screen, your encounters with various characters are deep enough to occasionally play on your conscience, and there are a surprising number of choice-based story-arcs to keep the game interesting for numerous play-throughs."
,Recommended,239030,32878243,Posted: 27 June,all,Pac,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198072358290,Recommended,239030,27357229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sanctity,"This game is amazing!""Glory to Arstotzka!"""
,Recommended,239030,20043900,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Harald Töpfer,"Secret Intelligence Agent came to me, showing me his badge and asking me if I have seen something suspicious.Agent: you would tell me, yes?me: yes.Agent: would you return my badge please?I return badge, remembering a suspicious letter left at my desk from a shady person.Being a good communist I hand it over.Agent: This is interessting.Agent: Very interessting.Agent: So interessting in fact, that I have a few questions for you.Agent arrests me.Getting imprisoned and tortured for being a good citizien10/10 would help communist state again"
,Recommended,239030,20384107,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mr.Grim,"So first off, i'd like to just say this isn't a ""Border Patrol Simulator"" as many might judge just by looking at it. This game teaches you that either you become a loyal and honest citizen of your country, or try to make a diffrence when the oppertunity arises. It gives you choice without just throwing options at you. You decide how you want to handle the situation, but you can't help everyone. So who are you going to save? Sounds a lot more than what ya think huh? I very highly recommend this game.Also, before you give into the negitive reviews saying ""This game sucks! It's so repetitive"" Or ""I can't understand it"" You just haven't played/understood it enough to fully grasp what the game offers you. There is no tutorial. There are no hints. ""Except in the bulletin you're given."" And the rules change on a day to day basis. But that's to keep the intensity and change the aspect of the game to keep it from getting repetitive. Just like in real life, you are expected to understand your job even if you don't fully grasp how it goes. Adapt yourself and stop relying on mechanics to pop infront of your face. This game is certainly not for everyone, but i'd say give it a chance. You can always refund it. That is if you haven't been sucked in like I have.**Also there are 20 endings.**"
,Recommended,239030,23956702,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Double Uppercut,"Many people like to argue about how ""fun"" a game is, whenever they rate it. It is, in my opinion, a foolish concept of game criticism, as the ""level of fun"" a game has is purely determined by subjectivity.However, I can definitely say that most people out there wouldn't find Papers, Please fun. And my response to that is... that isn't the point.I know not everyone on Steam is an adult, but if you grew up with video games, I'd certainly hope your tastes have matured. I have some conversations with 30-year-old men who still can't stop gushing about how great Super Mario Bros. is, even thought it's simply just a fun game, and nothing more. It has nothing to say about humanity, it has no high artistic value, but it is still a fun game.But fun isn't what makes a game. I love Spec Ops: The Line, and that game made me feel like I had swallowed gravel.Papers, Please hasn't made me feel like I've swallowed any gravel, but it has made me walk away with a new perspective on the world around me and about how video games, as a whole, can be narrated.On the surface, Papers, Please is a relatively simple game in concept: you work for a border, check travelers' passes, and either let them enter Arstotzka, or deny then entry depending on their documentation. But it's how the game continues to expand on this gameplay and on its simple story, that things start to get more... interesting, as the game goes on.The game, as many critics have complained, is indeed monotonous at times. I know checking the details of someone's passport to see if it matches their access pass doesn't appeal to many people, but if you ever wanted to simulate the life of a border inspector, this is a regular thing they would have to do. And it helps settle in that feeling of living in a lifeless country, where the only excitement you get it from the occasional denial of entry.I get the same satisfaction from playing Papers, Please that I get from my day job: a box office cashier. Sure, my job isn't as detailed as the one in Papers, Please, but after processing hundreds of people to see the same movie over and over and over again, I always get some maniacal joy from telling spoiled families, ""Sorry, this showing is sold out."" Deep down, I grin menacingly, as I watch the passive mother turn sour, and ask if I'm joking. Like I'd bloody joke about a showing being sold out, you whiny b****.Dark, intimate feelings aside, Papers, Please also offers a healthy dose of self-reflection on your own morality, by posing a lofty question: what would you do at your job if _____? Think of anything to fill in there, and the game throws it at you. Lovers being separated by the border, vigilantes seeking the murderer of their children, and people physically bribing you to let them in. It constantly makes you wonder where your loyality truly lies. Do you find morality in yourself? Perhaps in altruism? Or is it to the government, who gives you your daily pay, from which your family would not survive?See, you can't just pass over every person carelessly, or accept every pass, because you'll receive citations. The first two of the day are just warnings, but after three starts pay dock. And you earn money from each person you process, so inspection is key. I've heard some friends complain about how hard the game is, but I only had my pay docked twice. I'm a very thorough inspector.The design of the game's screens even enforces this feeling of isolation and dull monotony. Every day, you see your nonexistent family, read the paper, and walk to the same screen of work. However, the color palette isn't limited to just grey and brown. There's still some color variation in the people themselves, which is a unique design choice, as a man who appreciates aesthetic design.I'm sure you can tell I really enjoyed Papers, Please. For a long time, I hailed The Last of Us as the best game of 2013... but now I'm beginning to have second doubts. I certainly wouldn't recommend this to anyone who wants to have ""fun"" (whatever that is), but I do recommend it to anyone who wants to play something totally new. This is a fine addition to my new favorites list, and I'm giving Papers, Please a well-deserved 10/10."
76561197993507603,Recommended,239030,12341607,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Controller Junkie,Papers Please is a fun Indie game with puzzle elements and is great fun.Watch my review herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJTN8S-aznM
,Recommended,239030,10851663,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,I like chicken,"This is not just a game, it's a morality lesson.Myself, as an immigrant, has gotten to hate the person behind the glass, the one checking on my documents. I have never been turned down though, but have been treated in not the best of ways. Now I get the chance of putting myself in the border guard's shoes and can tell you, I have learned a lot.The checking on the documents is mere formalism, the real lesson starts on whether or not to let a person with an expired passport or a missing document cross the border and enter your country after he has told you ""please, if I come back to my country I will be killed"". If you let that person pass, you will be fined with 5 credits, which don't seem much at first, but it will allow you to buy the medicine your son so much needs. It's the end of the Cold War, you have a family to mantain and every penny is needed. Sometimes you'll be given the opportunity to accept bribes, or detain people just to earn some money. Will you detain an innocent person just for earning a couple of credits? Will you accept bribes of criminals that want to cross the border? All it needs is a seal in a passport, whether it's green or red it's all up to you."
,Recommended,239030,28831935,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mandelbrot,"You are customs and immigration all in one. You must only allow people with the proper documents and no contraband items through into your country. However, many events will occur which may make you want to bend the rules. There will be many funny moments, as well as sad or scary ones. Will you remain loyal to your country, even though it barely pays you, or help incite a rebellion in the hope of a better future?"
76561198039394097,Recommended,239030,24504738,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nitro,"The reactions people have to this game puzzle me.You apparently are a border officer for what most people call an unfair communist style state, with reviewers often comparing it to the brexit or trumps wall or some nonesenseBut..-2 terrorist attacks in a week AT THE BORDER and the border remains open and even lets people from the offending country in with increased security.-The searches on these people (Who almost ALL have controband or weapons on them) Stop simply because another nation asked nicely (Now that is just stupid)-The worker (you) can make two BIG MISTAKES daily with just warnings (How many jobs do you know of where you can screw up badly twice a day and no one cares?)-A massive nationwide fingerprint database is kept just in case your passport has bad info, so you can get in even with a misprint as long as your identity is confirmed.How in the name of heck is this unfair or wrong?  You Millenials are Reeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaly backwards and idealistic yanno.Ok, im done poking fun at the stupidity of most modern gamers, now that youve flamingly downvoted this for not going along with what the gaming society thinks, lets talk about the game!Its great! A puzzler about trying to check as many pieces of info as you can while compromising (Because you need to make enough money to stay alive at the end of every day) and keeping in mind, you get two mistakes daily before losing money, so if you have a desire to be charitable and take bribes, you can do it twice scot free, as long as you dont screw up anything else on that day, meaning perfection is something to chase as long as you possibly can (Because a 5 dollar bribe may have saved your son, but if its your third mistake, it will only pay for the citation you just earned)Also, not often mentioned, this game is not a ""play once, die, repeat"", you can go back to any previous day to retry it or retry your current day if you are messing up alot, its not ""permadeath""A great way to stay sharp and give you some moral choices to think about."
,Recommended,239030,14161688,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dr. Goldsteel,The best communism simulator out there.11/10 would inspect again.
,Recommended,239030,13133305,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kak Seto (Kids Jaman Now),"""Passport says you are a male""""Passport is right""""Face the scanner please""Zap Zap... photo comes outThis lady has a wiener!!!!!"
76561198247860740,Recommended,239030,22802664,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,pockyhunter.nk,"A Questioning of MoralsA fantastic idea for a game that was beautifully executed. From the drab hue of colors and overwhelming sense of desolation of the immigration booth that is your life, you are doing much more than just stamping passports. It is an endless cycle of looking for mismatch information, but all the while there are bits of other information to keep your interest yearning for more story. The constant tug of morals is ever present in the game as people from war-torn countries tell their sob stories and you have your own family to worry about in the process. Will you accept that bribe so your son can get that medicine he so desperatley needs?With so many choices and routes, the game offers 20 different endings, so the replay value is fantastic. For a mere 9.99, it is worth the purchase."
,Recommended,239030,30724476,Posted: 25 March,all,ZëL,"Absolutely unique and amazing gem of a game. Despite the gameplay being tedious, which perfectly simulates the job being done by the player, it gives a huge sense of reward when everything goes smooth and let's your fret every time you have to take a decision. The graphics, the music and the UI are all studied to be simple and spartan, and to give the sense of oppression and lack of freedom typical of the situation being represented. Everything seems perfectly fitting in place.Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,239030,19982736,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tieio,"This is a game of memory, except with a story. It gets really hard but it is quite fun if you like to test your brain."
,Recommended,239030,17363711,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bogdănel,"Listen, I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your reporter badge.I have said multiple times to have your documents ready and that entry is not guaranteed."
,Recommended,239030,10743563,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Among the Cum Trees,My favourite Tony Abbott simulator.
76561198111654939,Recommended,239030,29461806,Posted: 24 January,all,ospond,"Another really unique simulation game, unlike any other game I have played. As terrible and messed up as it is, it actually gives some serious insight into the dark side of corrupt government and border control. Also, it's fun.You will find yourself actually caring about the decisions you make: should you let in the person with incorrect documents who pleads with you to join her husband, and take the violation for it? Will you take bribes? What makes everything so much more fun and stressful is that you are extremely poor and your family is dying, so the bribes really do make a difference; and you also get paid based on how many people you get through in a day, which puts a lot of pressure on you to move through them quickly.A truly unique experience; major props to the creators of this game."
,Recommended,239030,20317288,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,caleb4est,you can strip people then take pictures of them10/10
,Recommended,239030,26193641,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tomatoshadow,"Very cool game with a unique concept: You are an immigration inspector.This game is so incredibly simple and clever. You can play the game entirely just with the mouse but most of the work is done with your brain. You need to verify immigrants' elligibility for entry in the glorious fictional country of Arstotzka and trust me, itshouldbe verified.You'll need to make sure that everyone's papers are in order. What's interesting is that you have to physically manage the immigrant's papers and yours and your space is limited. You'll quickly realize that it's fairly easy to deny entry to someone after finding a blatant mistake (Names don't match, passport is expired, passport ID doesn't match, immigrant is clearly NOT female... Or is she?). However, what's the most worrisome is when you cannot find anything wrong, because chances are there is.You have a limited amount of time to pass as many immigrants as you can. Then, at the end of each day, you need to pay for rent, heat and food for your whole family. The game is rather cruel and you will most likely break even each day if you do alright... Otherwise you might not be able to afford heat and food, in which case your family will start starving and getting sick and eventually everybody will be dead.The game has a really cool and unique style and feeling, the music is very cool (although most of the gameplay is silent). You'll have a good amount of play time if you're going for full completion, there is a story and several choices and outcomes. You will most definitely improve and get a sense of progression as you play. Going back to the earlier days in the game is a joke once you've completed the game once.I would say that anyone who likes managing stuff, using their brain, Spot the difference games etc. should get this game, whether it's on sales or not."
,Recommended,239030,28649734,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ropes and Hopes,"Quite a game. Everybody in the reviews is talking about the choices it puts you through, so I'll try to be a little different.The game is so simple, yet complex at the same time. As you advance you have more paperwork, more stuff to check, you have to pay attention to every tiny detail and you can still see that stupid paper coming on your desk saying ""oh you didn't verify that, it was incorrect"". You have to manage money and juggle with it if you can't be fast at going through the people in line.I really like how there are different outcomes, coming from your choices and everything you did. There is not really a story behind the game on its own. It's not about the inspector, not about the paperwork, not about the people in line. It's about it as a whole. As I've seen somewhere, very well pointed out, it can be compared to the Wall of Berlin.Anyway. If you come here expecting a lot of action, I will be pretty straight forward with you. There is not much action and the gameplay is slow-paced. I still recommend this, though, it is a nice game and really gets your concentration on point."
76561198017211086,Recommended,239030,10598710,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,JCWgirl,"I took one look at the graphics and dismissed the game immediately. However, steam summer sale reeled me in with a really low price paired with great reviews.  I took the bait, and now I can't stop playing!  Honestly, what a thought provoking (and addicting) masterpeice. It is suprisingly worth every penny."
76561197972390763,Recommended,239030,578480,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Exige,I never would have imagined that a paperwork simulator could be this much fun. Totally original.Subscribe to my curator page hereView my other reviews here
,Recommended,239030,17824302,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,smams,"My job is a bureaucratic nightmare, my superiors are cruel and without empathy.Every day I see lines of the swarming hopeless looking with pleading eyes, I stare back at them - echoing only hopelessness. What little I can control in my desolate task offers but guilt and haunting.If, and when I return home to my family every night, there is not much of my own remaining to offer them;A husk of a man, a dry crust sucked arid by some clambering sociopolitical hell machine that I had no part in conceiving, yet construct again every morning.Still, I stare back. The work is getting harder, more restrictive. The pay is spreading thinner. My body and my mind separated further.Luckily, I have 'Papers, Please' to take my mind off all this. Decent game. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,26610097,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Andariel Halo,my family will eat well tonight and sleep warmly and soundly.  i will not.
,Recommended,239030,31297249,Posted: 22 April,all,Mazark,Great game with a very original gameplay that always keeps you in the anxiety of thinking you're wrong.
76561198063029449,Recommended,239030,29716554,Posted: 5 February,all,TheHijackerMan,"An amazingly fun game, who knew rejecting Kolechian scum could be this fun."
,Recommended,239030,22996975,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Grump,GLORY TO ARST-jorji please leave.ahem...GLORY TO ARSTOTZK-JORJI GET OUTone more time...GLORY TO -♥♥♥♥ OFF JORJICitation: Applicant clear for entryjorjiimsosorry ;(TLDR; Praise Based Jorji
76561198177291425,Recommended,239030,31204844,Posted: 17 April,all,skyjoos,"Papers, Please is an awesome, comical, and interesting story of a spoof communistic Russia. Will your stand by your country and watch your family starve or will you risk everything to destroy it?Pros:-Old school pixelated art is actually beautiful-Extremely interesting story-Original plot-Memorable characters-Unlockables-Challenging yet fun gameCons:-Could be too hard for some people-Confusing at firstOverall: 9.5/10 would starve for my country again."
,Recommended,239030,1115570,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Mykwon,"Unique and creative game proving that good game-play, addiction and fun don't necessarily come from stunning graphics and such. Played for 2 hours and only saw one of the 20 endings. Great replay value topped by a lot of potential for DLCs, Steam Workshop and upgrades. Bravo!"
,Recommended,239030,23092694,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Eljan,Best Soviet Union sim since the actual Soviet Union.
,Recommended,239030,28475118,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Саша Дискотека,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198033350121,Recommended,239030,31008724,Posted: 7 April,all,Nick,"Arstotska so great, no need passport.Right?*Passport Required.*Oh I got you friend, I come back again.And so he did, each day for three days until he actually came with all the requirements filled. Live on forever bad hair cut man, you will always be my favorite. That and ""You let me in, I will explode like Tiger if you don't!, don't test me I am like tig.. *gunbutt slams into the person knocking them out*""Yeah no."""
,Recommended,239030,8652815,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Aum,Addictive and very interesting gameplay experience.Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198066942770,Recommended,239030,32281493,Posted: 8 June,all,racaabi,"Very fun. Killing all three gunmen in one of the terrorist attacks took me a lot of tries and strategy. You want to keep your key close to the gun case at all times. Remember to remove kids artwork off the wall and the sports banner if you see the inspector coming. There is a very nice romantic bit if you can save Sergiu (however you spell his name). I don't understand why there is a remove nudity option on a pixelated game. If you need this option you are Ned Flanders. Things get heated near the end because the government starts restricting people more and more. Even so, the pacing is pretty smooth. You are faced with many moral decisions. You may not think you will feel sorry for pixel people, but you will. The song is great."
,Recommended,239030,20431388,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JD,"Entrant: -""What is passport?""Me: -""Don't worry, this is a passport"" *Hands denial temporary visa slip*10/10 Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,11605230,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sunset Motherfukin' Shimmer!,Jorji is loveJorji is lifeGlory to Arstotska
,Recommended,239030,23902074,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DrSchrumpf,I came here for trump jokes.I got a post brexit UK sim.10/10 still politicaly relevant
76561198055316201,Recommended,239030,22663944,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Crash,"Me: ""Papers, please.""Guy: Gives passport and ID cardID Card Idnetifier: Killer SideburnsCheck with database. full match.DeniedDetainedWould rate sideburns nice at bestCitation for expressing my opinion10/10 Communism Simulator"
,Recommended,239030,8828462,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Miyumi Ayase,"Introduction:Paperwork, the worst kind of work you will ever face once you get a job, it's boring, tedious and can make a man/woman insane. So how can a game about paperwork be one of the BEST games I've ever played?!It's a game that requires a good eye for detail, patience and vigilance (no slacking!) This is a game that is both simple and complex at the same time.PROS:+ Immersive: - Unlike other games where you feel detached from the characters, Papers, Please will really really make you feel like you're there making a difference.+ Consequence based Story: - The story, if you look at it from a distance, is simple. Yet each and every decision you make affects the overall story. The morality system in this game is one of the best I've seen as of late.+ Simple but effective Artstyle: - It's pixel art but it does the job well in conveying it's message. Most people would appreciate its simplicity.+ Surprisingly complex mechanic: - The game is not a simple approve and reject kind of thing. Each and every aspect of the unique immigrants who tries to enter needs to be inspected (from the face, the name, the weight, height, place of origin etc.). The game WILL know if you missed something and promptly gives you a citation for it.CONS:- Story is a bit short: - It would have been best if the story was stretched out more than it did. Although an endless mode is unlocked, I still think more side stories, more in-game events and more time could have been added. It has a lengthy gameplay, don't get me wrong.- Needs more sound: - The base music in this game is good and does its job well. I do feel they should add a wee bit more. Not a whole orchestra, but an alternative to the usual thing.CONCLUSION:""Don't Judge a Game because of it's graphics"" is a phrase that would wholly apply to Papers, Please.It's a great game for a good price and a good re-playability and experience value.MUST HAVE.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/"
,Recommended,239030,12844477,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MNSS,"Papers, Please!The real work is on the border of the Iron Curtain.Simple in appearance, but monstrously complicated and interesting.Will serve as a great Arstottska!In the meantime, show your DOCUMENTS!9.8 out of 10 caps"
76561198067163169,Recommended,239030,28482297,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Krumm,Just play it...You don't know what your missing out on.
,Recommended,239030,22494616,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Winter,"Papers, please is, in my opinion one of the best examples of games as art. though the majority of the game play is doing the same thing multiple times in each level, the gameplay comes to life with the consequences of making a mistake. the consequences of your actions are what make this game as every decision and mistake you make have extrodinarily dark consequences as no matter what you do you are screwing over somobody's life, whether it be your family or some random person you encounter. highly recommended espectially for those who want a unique experience."
76561198063271864,Recommended,239030,30209574,Posted: 26 February,all,PoisonPill85,"Weird idea for a game about checking papers at a pseudo eastern block country in the early 80sFantastic execution in every facetclean designundercurrent narrativenostalgic artPapers, Please has a socio-political message about the nature of bureaucracy and harsh goverment by way of testing the player's morals whilst being a cog in the wheels of that governmentI laughed, I cried, I thought hard about security vs. privacy10/10"
,Recommended,239030,11445739,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,RedShadow,"You might not believe it but Paper Please is one of the best game I have played. Let me tell you why.In the game you are a dude that has been assigned a job at the border. Your task is to check the people going in your country, and see whether or not their papers are in order. Simple enough eh? Yeah, that's what I thought at first too.The first day you will have to check passports only. Yeah, check the dude's face, see if matches the photo in the passport, check if the date of birth is valid and stuff like that.It will take time for you to check stuff and make sure you did not miss anything. And here is the whole game challenge:time management. You see, every dude you process gives you money. If you take too much time analyzing papers you will process less people so you get less money.At the end of the day you have to pay for the rent, for food and heat. Yeah, there is that side of the game too. Your child might get a cold so you will have to buy medecine. It costs a lot. So much that you will have to switch between a day with food and a day without, but with the heaters on. Sad but true.The game goes very deep in the story;there actually is a strong narrative. Between your family life that shows how poor your country is, you will read the newspaper at the beginning of the day. It gives mandatory information like which country is at war (so that means immigrants leaving that said country) and criminals that are unnacounted for (they could show up at your booth... eh who knows right?)The more you progress in the game, the more papers you will have to check. First passport then work permit. Yeah too many immigrants are ""stealing our jobs"" so the government tells you to check work permits too now. Oh but some countries don't need those, but just a coupon instead. Yeah, we also forgot diplomatic papers and vaccination crap. Oh, this country refuses to import our goods? Today we'll teach 'em a lesson: do not accept work permit from THIS country only. Oh yeah? Some people are trying to smuggle shït? Here, now you get a scanner. Check for weapons and drugs. Don't miss anything.""Hmmm sir, it is written here you are a woman...?""""Yes I am, as you can see.""""Uh, ok, please step into the scanner please.""[Bzzzzz] Scanner picture shows tïts and püssy.""Okay, si-I mean ma'am, all your papers are in order, have a good day.""""Thank you.""True story. However this scanner stuff takes TIME. So during this process you will quickly take the habit to process other papers. Yeah optimization man, I gotta feed my family man.Oh, you think that game's boring? Not at all. It's a challenge.To feed your family you will have to sometimes skip checks. Sometimes you will genuinely forget to check something, like is there day 31 in February...? Uhoh. You have a blame if you let someone in with wrong/forged papers, or if simply there was something weird but you did not ask the dude for precisions.Looking at that dude walking in the country, not being sure you checked everything. You feel like you missed something but you don't know what... dude is still walking... and... he passes. No warning, no blame. Looks like he was legit afterall. [Breath of relief]Too many warnings and you will have money penalty. Less money for your family. They will get sick, starve and die. Think about your kid, his birthday is coming very soon. You would like to buy him a present yeah? Then you gotta work faster. Stop looking into your help book if said city is really part of that country: learn it by heart. Same goes for the logos: learn them by heart so you won't waste time checking them in the help book.Indeed, your are provided with a small book that contains everything you need to know about countries surrounding yours and valid logos and stuff. My advice: learneverything by heartas this will prevent you from going back and forth clicking on the pages and checkings stuff out.Still seems boring to you?Gotta learn stuff by heart are you crazy man?Okay, my final argument:this game will improve you memory.Trust me at first you will be lost, you will not have work habits. But the more you play, the more efficient you will become. Grab that passport and directly put it right below the overhead stamp machine. So if the guy is okay, just stamp. It will go right on the right page. No need to fiddle the passport around to stamp it after you have checked it.Same goes for the information. Be fast but not TOO fast. Your brain will overdrive. Check the date... damn what's today's date? Yeah we are Friday, gotta remember dat. Damn, did he just say he wanted to work? I don't have the work permit. Oh shït no, today his country doesn't need a work permit but just a coupon...See now?Everything you will have to check will make your brain work.Remembering procedures that change everyday is tough. Nah, no coupon today. Yeah today we don't let those guys pass at all. Remember that. Hell, remember the people you've processed too.""Papers please.""""Oh hello. Have you seen my husband? He was a couple people before me in line...""""Uhoh ma'am, you are missing a stamp here, I can't let you in.""""PLEASE, please they will kill me if you don't let me in! It's war in my country!""""Yeah but... I go a family you see... I--""""I beg of you, let me pass, let me meet my husband on the other side. Please!""""....""What will you do? Will you help people? Is she, really his wife? Could be a whôre yeah? A terrorist? Wait I think she has the same last name as this ""husband"". Hmmm.Hard choices. Impossible decisions. Meeting people you see regulary at the border, having arrangements with gards to earn extra money. Taking bribes? Hmm risky...Remember, remember that dude. Remember dates, remember criminals, remember to check the name on the vaccination paper, remember to give that business card to engineer people, remember to give that other business card to construction worker... yeah that will give you extra bucks and is not illegal. But you gotta remember. Gotta remember a lot of things.The last levels of the game are... very hard. I just couldn't play more than a couple levels so overheated my brain was.Though choices to make, and many unofficial ""things"" to do at the same time. And, theclock's ticking. Work hard tosave your family. Don't screw up andremember.Remember.Now I cannot tell you everything you will have to check and remember. Part of the game is to actually make mistakes and learn from them. Also there is areal story. I did spoil you a little bit with the dialogs above but it's nothing much.I really strongly recommend the game. It's art."
,Recommended,239030,34402457,Posted: 21 August,all,The dolphin with no name,"Papers, Please is a game with an idea that sounds boring but is one of the best games I have played for a long time, There is just something VERY satisfying about this game. If you like pixel graphics and games where you NEED to think (This is not a game to play mindlessly) then I extremely recommend this game, From me at least a 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,24337400,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jimmy Nutrin,☑ NudityGlory to Arstotzka
76561198218387601,Recommended,239030,23840732,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ja451nsomnia,"-Sister dies, leaving niece an orphan-Doesn't have enough money to adopt her that day-Works really hard the next day-Finally has enough money to save her-Niece has dissapeared-Gets really mad and upset-Says screw you-Let's everyone into this stupid country-Gains a ton of penalties-Goes into debt-Gets thrown into jail and loses the game.10/10 would screw over again"
,Recommended,239030,29682922,Posted: 3 February,all,koral06,"Papers, Please. How appropriate for me to play this while I keep thinking of what's currentlly going on in the naiton. I feel like a punk denying poor innocent citizens trying to get in for a better llife. But hey! Wait a second! I have a family to feed and they need medication (for some reason about every night, or is that slang for booze) and heat! What a bunch of leechers!As a document border control agent, it is your job to exam papers immigraants and citizens bring in. The rules become increasingly more difficult and it almost begins to seem like you are literally working as a document controller. Next time I'm going through the airport I'll not only hand him my passport, but my vaccinations and lifestory.  And lets be real here, irl more than half of the population would be lying about their weight on that ID card. The game is addictive as are most chain games, but there is a story end (or 20 of them) depending on how you play. I definetly recommend it!"
,Recommended,239030,29572123,Posted: 29 January,all,shtook,It's like the good old Stalin's Soviet Union all over again with oppression and GULAGs.Good times.
,Recommended,239030,33820269,Posted: 26 July,all,Marauder,"Papers, Please: A Dystopian Document Thriller is a puzzle-video game, published in 2013 for PC and 2014 for iPad, allowing you to take the role of a immigration inspector, who checks documentation of new arrivals for inconsistencies.You start as a citizen of a fictional communist country called Arstotzka in the year of 1982. Following the “October Labour Lottery”, you are sent to work at the Grestin Border Checkpoint. Grestin was liberated after 6-years of war with the neighbouring country, so you should expect turbulent working conditions.There are a lot of people who want to visit Arstotzka. Some are just immigrants looking for work, visiting relatives, others are spies, terrorists and smugglers. Based on the directions given to you, you look through documentation of randomised characters and try to weed out the enemies of the state.Eventually, bad things will start happening and the border regulations will start getting tighter and tighter. Some visitors will try to bribe you, others will offer moral dilemmas. At the end of the day, you go back to your family and based on the number of entries you earn salary. Salary, in turn, is used to keep your family members fed, warm and happy. If you accept too much illegal money, you may face the harsh repercussions from your motherland.In the end of the day, the game forces you to choose between the stability of your life, or the change that may affect your state. An insignificant position at first, later you will start to realise that the entries to coming through Grestin Checkpoint may truly change the fate of Arstotzka, for better, or for worse.This communist bureaucracy of the game creates an Orwellian feeling, and the colors used for the interface let you emerge into the atmosphere of cold, harsh second-world country life. The game is not graphically advanced, yet the pixelated graphics are just enough for you to cross-list the visitor’s face with their passport photo.Enabling a great replayability value, the game features some 20 endings, and allows you to experience personal highlights, if you invest in the game personally. However, one of the major downsides is that game gives you a time limit for stamping the passports, storyline is a bit too-subtle and in the core, the game is a glorified point and click drama. Currently listed on Steam for CDN$ 10.99, the game is recommended to be bought on sale.In the end, if you are keen to experience social commentary, passable Atari graphics and stamping passports – this is a game for you. A simulation of a tedious and monotonous job, it somehow manages to put life of a bureaucrat in the perspective and be fun. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198031190155,Recommended,239030,30603279,Posted: 18 March,all,Zenuge,"I had heard this was a ""must play"" game from all over the internet, normies and basement dwellers alike, so I gave it a shot and, can confirm, this is one place where the unified opinion is correct.Papers, Please does something very special, something few games do. It pulls you into it's world and makes you feel like the character, like you are the character. As if your decisions regarding th lives of the citizens and non citizens of Arstotzka at the border check point matter. It's really the 100 percent gameplay/story integration that makes it so special.So, give it a whirl, it has a mild learning curve just fyi."
,Recommended,239030,31839350,Posted: 19 May,all,BocciardoLight,"A really fine experience, a game that gets really complex while the player dives into a terrifying dystopia, brilliantly crafted, that will put your life into perspective and awaken your political consciousness with both violence and humor.Metacritic:85 / 100 Metascore8.5/ 10 User Score"
,Recommended,239030,10728715,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hy,10 out of 10 would let terrorists in again.
,Recommended,239030,18295589,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Lukas Lawless,"Person: I only have passport but  i will give other papers tommorow.Person: I have something special to prove it.*Gives me a digital watch and 5 credit's**I give him a red stamp*Person: Ok, fine. Give me my watch back.*I detain him*Person: No! Give watch back!Person: It's great watch! Only needs new battery!Person: Tell the guards to back off!*Get's knocked down*10/10, Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198007441072,Recommended,239030,31216269,Posted: 18 April,all,simar_833,"Absolutely amazing game. Such a great mixture of humor, grinding, stress, sadness, joy and heartbreak. Very unique in it's gameplay. A fantastic effort by one person."
,Recommended,239030,15240525,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Clubbins,"Very interesting and enticing! A game which allows you to consider the actions you make and the choices you choose. All elements fit well within its context and suit the game's style appropriately in a way that is iconic and very engaging.Do you do what's right by law? Or do you break some rules to earn more money for you and your family's survival? Your choice my friend, Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,14191700,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Twistor,"Have you ever fancied being a border inspector? Me neither. Papers, Please grants you a chance to try it anyway.The background is grim: you only got the job because of a lottery. Arstotzkan border is a busy place, all kinds of shady people trying to get into the country that gives out a communist vibe. You make sure their papers are in order by meticulously checking each bit of information for the smallest mistakes. You do this manually by eye. It doesn't help that each day the ministry announces new, subsequently more bizarre rules for you to follow.At first the user interface is confusing and it takes a while to get used to and see the logic behind. All the tutorial you'll get is in the instructions you're given each day. Interestingly, this adds to the all-encompassing dystopian feel that is well delivered by the pixelated graphics and ominous music.The story elements are brilliantly woven into the protagonist's role, served with dark humour: you often have to make moral choices by either admitting or denying desperate immigrants or whether you'll help the insurgents. You generally can't do everything because the salary comes from admitting immigrants and you are fined for mistakes.Keeping your family alive provides the motivation to keep doing a good job. Money is always tight and you have to manage your expenses after each day. Fortunately, being a border inspector in a corrupt country, you can make additional profit by accepting bribes and striking deals with the honest people you meet in your job.Each playthrough, one month of game time, lasts approximately 4 hours but to complete everything will require several playthroughs: there are three different ""winning"" endings and 20 different endings in total that depend on your choices and performance. Afterwards, there's the endless mode to pour hours into.Striking into a niche as small as it gets, Papers, Please does a tremendous job at providing an interesting and even amusing experience as a border inspector. If you have an eye for detail and fancy scrutiny and perfection, you'll probably love this game. Otherwise you might want to check some gameplay videos first - it is a niche game after all."
76561197993891197,Recommended,239030,12284515,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"...Wow.This is like rapid-fire Phoenix Wright. You have to check dozens of immigrants for contradictions in their paperwork, and determine whether they’re accepted or rejected. You’re paid (poorly) for however many passports you stamp correctly. If you don’t perform well, your family will die of sickness or starvation, or you’ll get arrested for going into debt. (Yes, going into debt is illegal now.)But it’s a game that’s less about how well you check papers, and more about why you’re checking papers. You won’t get very far before the story starts getting really complicated, and you’ve got to start making some tough ethical decisions. Are you a true patriotic Arstotzkan, willing to uphold the law to the letter? Are you only in it for your family, willing to take juicy bribes from illegal smugglers? Or are you willing to help the shadow cult overthrow the Arstotzkan government?This game files in the face of everyone who’s ever said that story and gameplay can’t be the same thing. It really makes you feel like you’re shaping the fate of a nation, or succumbing to it, just by sitting in a booth and deciding who gets across the border."
,Recommended,239030,7810879,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,KERNBOOM,"This game is much deeper than a border control simulator.It's about humanity. And psychology. And rebellion.Buy it, Please!"
76561198070261558,Recommended,239030,13533898,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kiekeboe,Denied a foreigner access because he didn't bribe me... 10/10
76561198112623421,Recommended,239030,33882212,Posted: 29 July,all,OBVRJA,Excellent Game. Really clever. Every part of if goes to create the tone which really helps the message it sends. Great example of how a game can have political weight. I want to reccommend this to my students as a teacher. Short and easy to learn!
,Recommended,239030,13203230,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DanteDDL[UA],"""Papers, Please!"" is a weird game. At first you will say that the game is lame and boring. That developer wants you to work non-stop and just mocks you. But... ""The cowl does not make the monk"" as they say. If you try it, or watch a good review - you will see that the game is not only interesting, but helpful. It will test and train your attention, memory and managing of chaos. In small working area you must keep a bunch of different papers and find on them different errors. Know what city is in that country and how it is written, remember the rules. But don’t be afraid. The game is novice-friendly. You start with small and grow day by day.Game is in retro style and looks awful from the side, but it has some charm and an interesting and a branching story. You can finish the game with 20 different endings and a bunch of interesting meetings. Some moments can be funny, and some abusing. But still it can make you enjoy every single minute of gameplay.For Achievement lovers there are 13 of them, and they are not so hard to take. Store doesn’t says it, but game was updated with Collection Cards.I work in such direction and have enjoyed it. So I think you will enjoy it too. For me it’s a brilliant project. Have fun!"
,Recommended,239030,18883768,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jasu,got arrested for not letting the guards wife in11/10 realistic communist simulator 1980
76561198103903718,Recommended,239030,20349686,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SzeChuan Dipping Sauce,"Worked my♥♥♥♥♥off at the expense of very many people. Slowly watched my family die. Accepted bribes to save family, they die anyway, I lose job.11/10 will kill stepmom first"
76561198032161658,Recommended,239030,32709218,Posted: 23 June,all,LB,Refreshing in a grim kind of way.
,Recommended,239030,25507580,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Siilph,Let jorji be free to waltz around arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,13531483,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mike.MAK | ZTM,Back to the good-old cold war days!
76561197982216619,Recommended,239030,10467739,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Sanza,"My GOTY 2013.It doesn't make sense that a game about going through immgration paperwork should be so fun and engrossing, but I started playing it one day and before I knew it, 6 hours had passed without me realizing.This game is in dire need of trading cards, I must express my patriotism for Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,20338886,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,yƶy,was thrown in jail for taking the 1000$ from those creepy clan peoplewhy cant this happen to donald trump
,Recommended,239030,8134010,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Kom,"Papers, Pleaseis a fantastic example of simple gameplay being mind-numbingly compelling. The graphics are stylised, reminding players of 16-bit PC games likeCommand and Conquer: Red Alert, and represent the social uniformity of the Soviet Bloc perfectly. The storytelling is superb, using the hundreds of people passing through your checkpoint and the characters to great effect, painting a picture not unlike that of divided Germany.Even when not on sale, still an incredible game to own. A must-play."
,Recommended,239030,8686850,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,zkylon,probably the most succesful attempt by serious games of making something that really speaks videogame languagetitle screen of a lifetime too
76561197993551221,Recommended,239030,14037476,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Manu,You shall not pass !!
,Recommended,239030,22747465,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NateTheRad,I haven't showered in 3 days
,Recommended,239030,18548640,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PickleRick!,"*checks carefully the entire passport, and the other crap*YEP, YOU CHECK OUT*CITATION FOR BEING 1 DAY OUT OF DATE PASSPORT*Be right back, getting my gun."
,Recommended,239030,32969107,Posted: 28 June,all,Pro Tricky Towers Player,"I recommend this game, but only if it's the type of game that you'd enjoy. It's about putting details under scrutiny and detecting discrepancies, which are often well hidden and satisfying to catch (especially when nobody has tried the same trick yet). It's also about testing your morals, and being willing to interrupt your reputation as the greatest bureaucratic inspection machine to let or not let people into the country based on other factors. Many people may live and die because of your actions, including your own relatives and people that you let into the country. Can you afford to keep them alive?Throughout the experience, you gain more familiarity with your job as a border inspector. Complex patterns of inspection arise in the player's nature as the game gets tougher, and more types of documents are thrown at you. Organizing your desk becomes one of the games challenges, too. It can be tedious, but it's varied and satisfied enough that it can be played with the intention of having a lot of fun.There are elements of the game that show how well planned the game is. Patterns of more people coming from specifc countries on certain days can be detected. The game will intentionally train you with a ""random"" person that you must deny. Dull colors, faces that blend in with one another, repetitive intro music, the sound of cars moving by the checkpoint, and gunshots without any music playing compliment the themes.From playing the game almost blindly, I'm pretty sure that this game takes place in a communistic country in Europe during the year 1982 an alternate history where the Soviets were more successful. Too much of the game's plot is easy to spoil, and talking about anything in the game after the first two in-game days could be considered a spoiler.Final verdict:Try Papers, Please if it looks interesting to you. Don't try it if it doesn't."
,Recommended,239030,10813905,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,fruity|dinos,I like this game because it lets me deny everyone no matter how good their papers are.6/10 needs more pvp -IGN
76561197960391323,Recommended,239030,11522660,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ephemeral,"One popular criticism of this game is that it is unbelievably boring.  These people are missing the point.Yes, this game is unlike many other video games because it is poignant and is attempting to make some very serious social commentary.Briefly, you are a customs agent for a country vaguely reminiscent of Cold War era Russia.  Your job is to check the paperwork of all people attempting to enter your country.  Those who check out are permitted to enter and the rest are either rejected or detained.Your job is only part of the story.  After work every day you struggle to provide food, heat, and medicine for your family.  You can make more money if you process paperwork faster but this often results in mistakes and fines threatening to send you into debt or worse.This game is not like a restaurant worker simulator because it has a clear message.  Well, even the restaurant simulators are maybe suggesting you have some empathy for overworked servers.This game makes a more serious point:  Border crossings are dehumanizing for both those attempting to cross as well as for the employees.  Those travelling are subject to invasive searches, embarassing questions, endless lines, and the potential for political violence against their persons.  The employees in turn begin to treat the travellers not as humans but as cattle or a meal ticket.  These workers must carry out the often arbitrary regulations of their country in a way that often divides famliers and destroys lives.This is not a game that one can play forever.  It is good for a couple play throughs and maybe a little exploration of the bonus modes.  It does not take very long to get to the heart of this game.  After a short time of playing you will start to feel hollow inside.  And that is the point.I cannot think of a game that has engaged the hearts and minds of players to contemplate very real political problems in this way.  In closing, the game is not fun.  The game is terrible.  And this is the point."
,Recommended,239030,32899538,Posted: 27 June,all,spiraledonista,"Thanks to this game I found out I'm sort of a compulsive maniac for tidiness and precision.I suffered when my results were bad and rejoiced (too hard) for a new best daily score. I felt like an underpaid robot, mocked by my own government, used by resistance groups, but now I know I'm a beast at checking discrepancies.Nobody can take this from me."
,Recommended,239030,14159998,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Supermuskox,This game is full of transgenders and terrorists. 10/10 would search a man-looking female again
,Recommended,239030,31327967,Posted: 23 April,all,Dr.Gramer,Trump would be proud of this game
,Recommended,239030,24450112,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,DeltaTwoZero,"Papers, please.What is the purpose of your trip?Probably, the most used phrase by border workers. Everyday they have to check the same documents and approve or deny them andthis game gives you an opportunity to go through this experience.Overall, this game shows how border worked in USSR. Straightforward rules, cruel punishment for violating them and real life situations which makes you either break them or follow to the end.I've managed to complete this game in 4 hours and I really enjoyed it (it also have endless mode with leaderboard worldwide). Simple in style yet, it requires your full attention to detailes.Multiple choices with different endings, secret order of EZIC, sometimes shooting and a drop of humor making this game absolutely fantastic game experience I've ever had with an indie game. Totally worth it's price and time I've spent.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,9906079,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Beemancer,"REMOVE KOLECH remove kolechyou are worst kolechia. you are the kolech idiot you are the kolech smell. return to antegria. to our antegria cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo....ahahahaha ,republia we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal ♥♥♥♥ but ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kolech stink rupublia sqhipere shqipare..kolechian genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead kolechian..ahahahahahREPUBLIA WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ww2 .obristan we kill the king , Impor return to your precious federation....hahahahaha idiot kolechian and antegrian smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE KOLECH FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. artotzka+republia+federation+impor=kill antegria...you will ww2/ tupac alive in artotzka, tupac making album of artotzka . fast rap tupac artotzka. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac... you are ppoor stink kolechian... you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a yurttupac alive numbr one #1 in artotzka ....♥♥♥♥ the obristan ,..♥♥♥♥k ashol kolechian no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry. 2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the kolechian farm aminal with rap magic now we the artozkan rule .ape of the zoo presidant jorji fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and kolechia wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig. artotzka greattst countrey"
76561198068617578,Recommended,239030,20558617,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gorgeous Freeman,MATCHING DATA - 'KayMATCHING DATA - 'KayMATCHING DATA - 'KayDISCREPANCY DETECTED - WOOP-WOOP THAT'S THE SOUND OF DA POLICE!
,Recommended,239030,19263952,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,RedEye2D,"I absolutely loved that game, played it too often to see all the different endings, but watch out, after 5 hours straight you may get a headache."
,Recommended,239030,34916278,Posted: 13 September,all,Zaratoth,"Have you ever thought how it would feel like to be a border guard, checking passports and various documents all day, deciding whether people you never met before are honest or lying right in your face? This is the premise of this game.Add to that a bit of intrigue and an eastern-block type of country and higher ups and you have Papers, Please.Read more at:https://indiegamepicks.wordpress.com/2017/09/13/papers-please/"
,Recommended,239030,22486152,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Witch King,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,18348189,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Larry The Lawnmower,"Jorji is love, jorji is life."
,Recommended,239030,13730611,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ohnefuenfter,"Well crafted border inspector simulator - rich of details, and a lot of freedom to choose (while still accepting the consequences) although the display is static.... Still i HATE pixel art.Добре зроблений сімулятор прикордонного офісного щура - бaгато деталей, бaгато свободи вибору (але потрібно усвідомлювати наслідки) хоча картинка геть статична."
76561198071995944,Recommended,239030,11606543,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Paladin,I recommend this game because of its mechanics. It literly makes you feel like a cold person (atleast it did to me). As i played the game i had to go through lots of difficult choices that could alter my story line and others. I also had to continuously mantain my family (or not). The game did not go easy as it continued to get more and more difficult but it did not lack the example of a sensitive environment. A simple choice could have destroyed my life. It amused me to see people attempt to enter the country with lack of proper paperwork since i mostly ended up detaining them and screaming TERRORIST!!. But most of all i enjoyed the humor of the game as it went on (Jorji is life).
,Recommended,239030,24524493,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,rares 10,It's a very good game with a beautiful story !Glory to Arstoszka !
,Recommended,239030,10829036,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MrsBadExample,"Word to the wise: There's no shame in discriminating against the Kolechians. The more you stamp their passport with ""deny"", the more glory your country receives.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
,Recommended,239030,10699062,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Strelok RO,"Your documents sir, if you please... Ummm, i'm sorry but i don't have my id card, but we can make a trade: here, have my expensive watch, i really need to pass.... *alarm sounds* NO, NOOOOOOOOOOOO This is how an usual day at the Grestin border checkpoint goes on daily, some people pass, most people don't and some are even balsy enough to try to force their entry through the concrete fence, but they are put out of their misery by our wonderful marksmen who take care of them pretty fast, watch out for counterfiters, contrabandists and terrorists, remember officer, you have to obey by the rules, the rules will change almost eveyday, check you rulebook daily in order not to do any mistakes which can cost your job, or worse... YOUR LIFE, so if you think that you can keep the immigrants at bay and check the thoroughly, play this game, but beware of the Ezic star, i will give it a 10/10, and... Glory to Arstozka!"
,Recommended,239030,31728775,Posted: 13 May,all,meg_is_here,Put about 24 hours into this game. All achievements and all endings. Lots of replayability
,Recommended,239030,11048104,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,maaginenmaggo,This is the best paper i have ever played. 10/10
76561198206353071,Recommended,239030,30073584,Posted: 20 February,all,Racer4072002,"As simple as this game is, it really does a good job of keeping you entertained. With over 20 different possible endings, it has tons of replay-ability. I reccomend this game."
76561198335500920,Recommended,239030,34191087,Posted: 12 August,all,RadenReborn,"Love this game, the small screen is a little tough but i love this game so much, couldn't wait to get it."
,Recommended,239030,34445830,Posted: 23 August,all,Matsuka (>人<),"- AUHAIJOHAI! (Next!) Papers, plese!- Okay, here we go! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GREATEST COUNTRY!- Where is your passport?- Passport? Arstotzka so great, passport not required. Right?- A passport is required.- Ok, ok. I hear you. I come back again....- AUHAIJOHAI!Jorji is the best character ever in the history of video games. My favorite part was whenthe main character greeted Jorji (""Hello Jorji."") the first time after meeting him like... 5 times. For some reason I found that so heart warming and funny at the same time. :DDDGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO JORJI!"
76561198231874740,Recommended,239030,34958555,Posted: 14 September,all,Gatebase,"A great exercise how to make a fun game from a basic premise with low-fi graphics. The gameplay is actually enjoyable and suitably challenging with the ever-evolving ruleset. There is at least replay value for a second run-through of the campaign of about 6 hours.The world is simple, yet immersive. It's easy to find yourself attached to a son you never even get to see. The ingame geopolitics have a surprising amount of coherence and depth, given that you just get snippets of history from newspaper headlines and conversations. Most entrants you process are just numbers, but a not insignificant amount comes with unique personalities.The moral implications of your in-game job are most interesting. By the end of the game you get to push around absurd stacks of paper to fit the whims of a kafkaesque immigration ruleset. And yet each individual rule somewhat makes perfect sense. These are dire times, there are frequent terrorist attacks, there are subversive elements from within, there is rampant drug and weapon smuggling. It's actually completely sensible for a government to crack down in this situation. And yet there are individual tales of hardship, hope and love as people yearn to escape, find a better life or be reunited with their loved ones. There are no easy answers and the game does not dumb down this dilemma.And then you find yourself thinking, ""I could deny the entrant, stamp a reason and hand them back their 4 documents one-by-one - or I could just press the 'detain' button and have all my problems go away with a single click"". In that moment you realize the banality of evil and how it is in each and every one of us and the game turns from a great experience to a brilliant masterpiece."
76561198091356047,Recommended,239030,20338405,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lord Cutler Beckett,Don't accept the $1000 and $2000.Don't.Do.IT.
76561198147518579,Recommended,239030,25487837,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Venezuelan Banana,"Papers, Please is simply an amazing game. The graphics style is very good at capturing the ambiance of the late Cold War era in the USSR area. You become very attached to even minute characters, like a guard named Sergiu. It is extremely satisfying when you find discrepencies, but when you hear the noise of a citation, your heart wants to explode in angrivation. Nonetheless, it is a great game with humour, sadness, action, and suspense, and it is highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,9603581,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Jinjo,"Papers, Please ReviewPapers, Please is a game about paperwork. Papers, Please is a game about 12 hour work days living life paycheck to paycheck. Papers, Please should not sound like a good game, and in theory it shouldn’t be. But Papers, Please is not just a good game, it is a great game.You play as a border guard in the fictional country of Arstotzka, your job is to control the flow of immigrants and exterminate all who try and cheat the system. You must care for a family of 5 and your pay is very little. Mistakes are not tolerated and every error will be deducted from the small amount of money you are given. It is very easy to starve to death in Papers, Please; death and insignificance play a large part in the overall theme of the game. You are not the hero, you are not important, if you fail to live up to expectations you will be replaced in a matter of hours.The heavy themes that Papers, Please possess are what make the experience so great, its depictions of war in the 20th century are expressed so well in the colorless background. There isn’t a single happy thought in Papers, Please. The whole game has a depressing feel to it, but this is what the creator was aiming for. He wasn’t trying to make a fantasy where everything is good and right in the world; his approach is honest and sinister.The sensational achievement that is Papers, Please art design is not enough on its own to be worth playing, but with the addition of its intriguing gameplay mechanics and consistent challenge makes for a level of enjoyment other artistic games miss, Papers, Please is not great because of its perfection at simulating paperwork, or its ability to depict gruesome settings and artistic impurity. It is great because it can balance the two elements so well and make for an experience like no other.Papers, Please proves that a game doesn’t need a million dollar budget and a team of thousands of developers to be good. Papers, Please was made by one man and standing up there with the biggest games of 2013. Papers, Please is the result of artistic brilliance and will be remembered and celebrated for many years to come."
76561198153970444,Recommended,239030,30453899,Posted: 11 March,all,ntuccillo,"Papers Please!: A VERY addicting game. You're forced to work as an inspector, which basically is a person that confirms another person's documents to get into the GREAT country of Artstotska. So, let's begin!Graphics: 8/10, this game is meant to be a more low quality of a game because the game developers were focusing in on that fast paced gameplay and a very fun indie-type game with the graphics.Gameplay: 10/10, By far one of the best games I have ever played. Endless choices with everybody treated as themselves. Not repetitive at ALL. New characters appear almost everyday with their own background. Unlike other games, this game treats the little less important details as if they are the most important aspect of the game. WARNING: This game is emotional. Many characters want to enter this great country if it means to see a family member, tend to their sickness, or just get in and begin shooting all of your guards, you never know what's going to happen next. There is a total of 20 endings attatched to the game which is all based off of your decisions to let in or reject indivisuals. This game is very plot-based and random and at the end, everything gets pieced together. Also, it's extremely difficult to provide for your own family in this game, feed your son,mother in law, wife, and more as the story progresses OR, you can choose to kill them and keep the wealth to your own self.Addiction: 7/10, This game most of the times as soon as you beat it, you're done and over with. That's how I at first felt until I went back into it and tried out the alternate endings. This varies between the type of person you are, a person that's once you beat it, it's over. Or once you beat it, you try it again but with different responses.Sounds: 10/10, All sounds are incorperated into this game, such as the background people that're talking, and the sirens and etc. Everything is there which greatly helps the quality of this game.Music: 10/10, The music right as you go into the game is FENOMENAL. I have the song stuck in my head for hours. Really great work.Lag: No lag, it's a single player game, doesn't run too many scripts for it to lag your computer.Overall: 10/10. Really great game. Worth the money. I would play it for DAYS."
,Recommended,239030,25061596,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,:-),Arstotzka still best country for sure!
76561198112692800,Recommended,239030,20531128,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Jkrahnicles,"I don't often come across the video-game equivalent of a period film. That might be due to the fact that it's kind of dumb to compare two different mediums based on genre, but I digress.Papers, Please places you in the role of a border-control worker under a fascist regime in the 1980s that's eerily similar to the Soviet Union. Your job is to inspect the paper work presented by immigrating people and catch discrepancies and/or forgeries. The amount of people you deal with determines your paycheck, which adds a certain degree of urgency to the game. When you're not working, you're also managing your expenses in order to keep your family members healthy and, well, alive. If you make mistakes and turn away or allow people in based on incorrect paper work, you're eventually docked from your pay. The problem is, though, that a lot of the people trying to get into Arstotska have heart-felt stories to tell... and full wallets. You'll be offered bribes from desperate immigrants, your colleagues, and even a rebel group trying to overthrow the government.This is actually an extremely complex and engrossing game. The amount of paperwork you have to inspect changes entirely or increases as the game progresses. You're constantly learning new ways to inspect for forgeries; non-matching birth dates, weight, issuing city, gender, photos, fingerprints, etc. You learn to be overly-meticulous in your inspections as well as lightning-quick. I actually started to call old ladies names because they were wasting my time with forgeries. I could be dealing with two more people in the time that I'm spending clearing up your discrepancies, you idiot!Where a lot of other games might force you into the position of a daring hero with the aims to take down authoritarian governments head-on, Papers, Please demonstrates the tension and risk involved with everyday living under a realistic representation of fascism. I can't think of a single other game that tries to be historically accurate as well as give an honest depiction of what life for the bourgeois would be like in this sort of place and time. It's this level of immersion that contributes to a beautifully written narrative and abundance of side stories, as well. The gameplay is the story, and ultimately if you do your job right you come to feel overly invested in the well-being of your family and the people you encounter on the job.The game plays like a dream, too. I was able to drag everything around my desk and inspect literally every aspect of the paper work without a single lapse in responsiveness, which may have been on account of the pixelly-8bit art style. Like everything else in this game, though, the visuals are purposeful and contribute to the game's bleak atmosphere.Play Papers, Please! Play it!"
76561198044721202,Recommended,239030,7811010,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,8_bit_hero,"This is a game you need to play to fully appreciate - screenshots do not do it justice.  Think 'hidden object game' crossed with 'time management game' in a depressing Soviet landscape.It is a truly ingenious puzzle game at it's core and the dreary art style is a perfect fit.  You play as a border guard tasked with checking passports and visas and ultimately deciding who gets to enter the country.  It eases you into the game gently enough that anyone can play the first few rounds, but it quickly gets devilishly difficult as the rules and regulations for entering the country become more and more complex.  Accuracy and speed become factors if you care at all about feeding your family and protecting them from the bitter cold - you could always let them starve or freeze of course...The game goes so far as to make you face moral dilemmas, it creates a sort of paranoia where you trust no one and even begin to question your own intentions.Once I started playing, it was really difficult to stop and I would highly recommend trying this game if you like detail oriented puzzle games.  There's an overarching story that's actually quite interesting. It does get repetitive, but the variation between levels and the difficulty factor is enough to keep you entertained for a good while!"
,Recommended,239030,7746761,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Highwang,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNrevzl9v-A
,Recommended,239030,24794900,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,[FGG] TheLastApple,"-Man walks up for immigration-""Papers, please...""-Man shows passport, from Kolechia-Denied-Glory to Arstotzka-In news, Man knew cure for cancer-Man doesn't distribute it to Arstotzka-Glory to Arstotzka?"
76561198192014573,Recommended,239030,23215293,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Smicoo_23,"PAPERS, PLEASEIf you're into checking papers and DETAINING people, this is the game for you! ^_^The first time I knew about this game was from my favorite youtuber. I wasn't interested on watching it at first, but when I gave it a try. I wasn't disappointed at all :D.Pros:1. Great choice of graphics, perfect for the setting.2. Cool characters like Jorji :D.3. Has multiple endings, each one is interesting.4. The EZIC is awesome!5. Has a challenging part, especially when you don't want to get Citations XD.The whole concept is really enjoyable and impressive.Con/s:1. Gets repetitive after sometimeOther/s:1.When you encounter an immigrant that looks like a guy, but is actually a woman or vice versa. Don't be surprise XD2.Sergiu and Elisa = ^_^ <33. When they're mean, you just DENY! HAHA but when they are stubborn, you just have to DETAIN! (Though you may get a citation if there's nothing wrong with their papers) LOLOverall: 9.5/10GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,29683262,Posted: 3 February,all,ʄǟռƈɦʏ ɮօɨ,Glory to Arstotska!
,Recommended,239030,11182673,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Raziel,"After I reached 100% in this game(all three main endings), i think it's time to do a review.Papers please, is a game that really ""takes"" you. It has some special feeling to it, that i haven't seen before. You feel like you are a piece of that little machinery that is Arstotzka and it makes you wanna play it again and again.It has an 16-bit graphical type that is really good for it being developed by only on person. But i can't understand where the 2GB Ram needed to play this game come from.It has a really cachy theme and an ending music that really makes you feel happy, but except for these two, there is no music.The gameplay is really a new thing i haven't seen before, but you could call it a ""simulator"" if you want, but it really isn't that much of one. It also features a challenge mode with leaderboard, for people who that, it's an extra of 4-5 hours of gameplay.To end it here, Papers please is a really interessting game, a crown of the indie gerne and and worth the few bucks. But if you don't think it'll be interesting for you, don't pick it up. You really have to engage in it to have fun. But once you have, it's a hell lot of fun. This game gets an Indie 8/10. Thanks for reading ^^"
76561197971497866,Recommended,239030,10797427,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WanTep Trill,One of the most original games I've played.It's much more than just stamping visas.Play it and find out.Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,22807437,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Arun,"Glory to Arstotzka.  ‘Papers, Please’ is a game where you honour the communist nation Artsozka. In-game, you let people through a checkpoint, checking for illegal contraband and faults in provided documents."
,Recommended,239030,7853479,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Chris,"Papers, Please lets you in the shoes of the Arstotzka's Immigration Inspector.In a strange way, this game is not only about checking the entrants and see if everything matches: while doing your job, you will meet different people and you will have to face different situations, according to what you do during the gameplay. For instance, you can either decide to help criminal organisations, with the risk of getting yourself jailed, or either stay loyal to your leaders, with the risk of remaining without food for your family because of your underpaid job.This unique Indie Game offers you a quite long and enjoyable gameplay, which is going to make you want to play it more and more, wondering what would have happened if you made different choices."
,Recommended,239030,15285269,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Aarontu,"This game is strangely compelling. Shuffling around paperwork, looking up rules, seals, and district names and eventually stamping passports sounds boring, but I'm mentally adding this to the list (along with Euro Truck Sim 2) of games that look/sound boring but are actually very engaging. There is a surprising amount of little side stories in the game that is given to you just through interaction with people at your checkpoint window. I highly recommend it if you like checking other people's paperwork for errors, or if you find satisfaction in denying service to someone who has been waiting in line for many hours. I also recommend it if you like unique games; this game is extremely unique and can be thought-provoking as well."
,Recommended,239030,21194949,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"This is an exceptional game; one that manages to present real choices, rather than situations where there is a clear ""right"" answer. Papers, Please is an unforgettable experience and a game that is a work of art, if I may be so bold.+ choices are hard-hitting and impact the game+ twenty different endings+ gameplay is kept interesting as entry rules change+ achievements are engaging without being too difficult, they encourage more exploration of the game"
,Recommended,239030,8699186,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Amber,"Premise: You are a customs officer in a Soviet style world of corruption, dodgy travellers and terrorism. Your job is to check people through customs and earn enough to keep your family alive and well. You do this by checking the paperwork and pick out the discrepencies and decide if they should go through.Audience: Highly recommend for people who pride themselves on their observation skills and moral standing (latter clearly not necessary).Gameplay: Good story progression with multiple endings with associated achievements. Characters have medium depth (i.e. you know their names, and get used to their behaviours). Day to Day difficulty increases, especially when situation changes (i.e. policy changes, bombs). Long-term difficulty proves the bigger challenge (i.e. not doing well day to day may end up with family members disappearing later).Replayability: So so. You'll want to replay from certain days to get different endings but you can do this without restartig whole game and they give a few save options. Replayability for me came from Endless Mode where you compete on the Steam leaderboards.Drawbacks: Graphics have been deliberately downgraded which gives a bit of distance from some of the really horrible decisions you have to make. Endless Mode could use some expanding.Conclusion: Worth every cent and highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,11129986,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Shiara,"I played through this twice for the achievements and to experience both sides of the story, and enjoyed doing so. It's a very interesting.. data management game, for lack of a better term, with quite an interesting storyline that is going on around the player and his little customs box.Though there are some personally uncomfortable themes in the game, I did not actually get a sense of depression or desperation from playing the game that some others have mentioned, though I can definitely see where that can come from. But once you figure out you can alternate not paying food or heating every other day, and know to avoid a couple early game pitfalls, money really isn't a problem any longer and you're free to follow your morals and eat any penalties, and you'll have enough money to still trivialize the later parts of the game as long as you're not going for both the money-heavy achievements at once. I feel the interaction with the people trying to cross the border could have been written to be much more heartbreaking than it was, though.One of the shining stars of the game is the branching save system, it saves a new save at the start of each day, linked to the day before it, and if you go back in time and load a save and continue from there, it creates a new save chain that branches out from the old one at the point that you loaded from. The graphics are nowhere near modern, but fit in quite well with the dystopian time period and the feel of the game.The game really drags you into the plot, a hapless ""lottery winner"" set in a world that's parallel to strife-torn eastern Europe from the past, but with city and country names that hint at regions from all around the world. The area is ripped apart by the aftermath and lingering threat of a civil war and tensions between the various countries, and all that plays heavily into your day to day work, constantly throwing you new challenges and twists. Tons of interesting personalities, nefarious types and the friendliest criminal ever! all try to cross your border at various points, and there is a lot of implied stuff that happens off screen, some that you can affect and some that you cannot as you head toward one of several good or bad endings."
,Recommended,239030,11141805,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gold Eagle,"This should be an example for all indie games. Platformers, ""impossible games"" and puzzles are nothing compared to this indie-masterpiece. It slowly works you up to handle 5-6 different documents at once, all full of text and possible forgery.Words can't describe how amazing this game is, the people you meet, the events that occur, it has more emotion and story than any modern AAA game you'll play."
,Recommended,239030,28647040,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ontrol,Accepted money from a terrorist so I could save my wife. Subsequently arrested. Very good.
,Recommended,239030,31032150,Posted: 8 April,all,Ryuji Is Best Boi (Iceaqua123),"Good game, I love playing it, but it is hard to find all the mistakes."
,Recommended,239030,26109988,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kermit the Frog,An amazing game for someone that doesn't have the best of pc's/macs. If you want a simple game that you can sit down and play for hours then i would recommend this game. BOI
,Recommended,239030,34842559,Posted: 9 September,all,Zetsubou_Theam,"In this game, you're a border officer who checks legal document for everyone who tries to cross the border. The mechanics are quite plain in a sense. To many people, this game is no different than 'A/B differences game'. Most of the time you'll need to read rows of words. Set up your own S.O.P, memorized the names of fictional country, stamps pattern, signs and etc.The game will also tests your moral compass, Example: Should you let this person in because his country don't have good doctor but he don't have the required documentation to enter the border? At some point, this mechanics will alters your ending.This game makes your brain tired after few hours and stresses you out when you make any mistake.Stress makes the whole game fun!Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,12665412,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,The KC Accident,"I copy edit for my campus newspaper. Basically it's spell-checking, grammar-checking, and fact-checking since staff writers are too lazy to check their own work.Papers, Pleaseis much harder, not just because it requires much closer attention to detail (even staff writers usually don't get a person's gender wrong), but also because when you're correcting a mistake in a newspaper article, you don't have to worry that you're separating a woman from her husband, or allowing an abusive pimp to kidnap two women, or giving an assassin an opportunity to strike at your local mom 'n' pop terrorist cell. And when you're copy editing, you also don't need to worry that when you screw up, you might get sent to the gulag or your son might die of pneumonia.It's great practice, though."
,Recommended,239030,14511487,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"Like Ruining Lives?Like to watch those people who's lives you ruined come back as a terrorist and blow up your border?Well papers please well give you just that, Live the life of a border check point agent as you support your broke♥♥♥♥♥family and keep the fine nation of Arstotzka safe from Terrorists/Drug Dealers/Human Trafficers and try to get to the top of the socialist ladder!Glory To Arstotzka!- ♥♥♥♥♥ Papers Please"
,Recommended,239030,25545849,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,King,"Was saying ""Glory to Arstotzka!"" every time.Escaped to Orbistan at the end.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,34456920,Posted: 24 August,all,_d1ff,"I love this game. Its definitely worth its price.PROS:Papers Please has an excellent story and plot, with plenty of replay value.Easy to get the hang of.Funny and interesting characters.Beautiful art.CONS:Can be very frustrating at times.All in all this game is brilliant and I would recommend it to anybody interested in the puzzle genre."
,Recommended,239030,14138611,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ＴＨＥ ＶＯＺＨＤ,"Got a citation for telling a dirty Kolechian to go away.11/10, would deny again for Glorious Arstotzka."
76561198012074300,Recommended,239030,25818501,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,KeepAwake,"It's a nice game.  Simple mechanics, but very difficult!  The game expands nicely to train you, but I truly feel like a border guard."
76561197972406252,Recommended,239030,29706562,Posted: 4 February,all,Isley,"Outstanding game that pushes a strong message via gameplay instead of exposition. While the game is heartbreakingly tedious at times, it does it for a purpose. It's hard not to consider the ways your actions might affect the citizens of this game. Highly recommended!"
76561198018918852,Recommended,239030,34447847,Posted: 23 August,all,infunction,"Would of liked it more but I have to screen stuff for a job, so it felt like work to me.That said I really liked the little details in this game, must of taken one person a lot of work to do everything. The developer has my upmost respect."
,Recommended,239030,12690975,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,"Donald ""Chicken Fucker"" Trump",It's a very fun game. It takes monotony and finds away to make it fun and you feel invested in what you're doing. You're scanning people's passports for errors using various tools as an immigration officer for a fictional Russian-like country.For the most part it's pretty stright forward but as time goes on the things you have to look for become more numerous and more subtle raising the difficulty as time goes on. For every day you complete you get money. And with that money you decide which necessities your family can afford. Maybe today they get to eat. Tomarrow they may get some heat in your apartment so they don't freeze to death. Maybe your son needs medication or he won't make it through the night. Rarley will have enough to do everything and if you don't manage your funds it's very likley that some or all of your family will die.But it's not all just checking passes and hoping your family doesn't die from having their basic needs go unforfilled. There is a bigger story happening and while you're never outright told if you fulfill certain requirements the story will turn down one of a handful of paths.It's a very interesting game and I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,239030,8125033,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Joshua,"ok, okyou no like passporti come back with better one-Costava, Jorji"
,Recommended,239030,8468167,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,<§> Sub,This is essentially a♥♥♥♥♥♥life simulator. I mean the life is♥♥♥♥♥♥ not the game. The game is great.
76561198364613917,Recommended,239030,31612220,Posted: 7 May,all,Bendy,"Really good game!Slow, but really good!9/10"
,Recommended,239030,30707992,Posted: 24 March,all,Real_DragonDope,"After feeling the pressure of being a psuedo-russian immigration border control employee, I returned the game.I don't think that's ever happened before.Glory to Psuedo-Russia"
76561198151402613,Recommended,239030,12705012,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,JDog101,A passport-stamping simulator.MUCH MORE interesting than it sounds.  Try it.9/10
76561192096167431,Recommended,239030,10870896,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,サイタマ,Glory to Arstotzka !!!
,Recommended,239030,12826204,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,anime tiddies,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,12157230,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Beardingo,The mere thought of denying Kolechia citizens entry to Arstotzka makes me hard.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,11444559,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,StreetScientist,I found myself looking at passports after passports until...some ♥♥♥♥er hops the fence and almost costs me my job.
,Recommended,239030,16197240,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"This is a sad game, its a good game. Just I always lose, I go to jail. My family are sent home while I repay my government for performance failure. Meanwhile whole family sick and hungry. What do?"
76561198133720598,Recommended,239030,33755917,Posted: 23 July,all,Veelaria,"Ridiculously enthralling. Time passes, and you just cannot stop!"
,Recommended,239030,3402664,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Febel,The most fun you'll ever have with a crushingly depressing bureaucracy simulator.I wish I could give a decent description of gameplay but it really does revolve around following bureaucratic procedure and uses that to tell a number of interesting stories in a very compelling way. The game is charming and unique in its own strange fashion and if you're at all interested in it I'd say buy it full price.
,Recommended,239030,33474850,Posted: 12 July,all,ISIS Bucket Challenge,"A fun, basic indie game with a simple concept. Gives you many moral dilemmas and dilemmas in general that make you question who you are, and makes the game fun. Incredibly fun, great time waster, fairly casual, but it can get stressful later on (the game starts giving you more and more things to check in the border patrol, and the goal of the game is to get as much people through as you possibly can while getting money in order to upgrade your housing and live a more luxurious life). It's a good way to test your multi-tasking, and it's good for the price. I would more recommend it on sale, though, I'm not sure if it's worth $10, but it's good."
,Recommended,239030,33593374,Posted: 16 July,all,TheClassyBandit,"This game is so basic, but has a compelling story with believable characters and motives. I cannot come up with the words that can best describe how entertaining it is to be ""the Inspector""."
,Recommended,239030,11244838,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,gimp,love this game. its the perfect hamster wheel for my lizard brain.
,Recommended,239030,35174863,Posted: 24 September,all,Zarozax,"Papers Please is a lot of things.First: It's a work of aesthetic genius. The thumping mounrful soundtrack and gray muted graphics of the game serve the bleak and desperate tone supremely well. It feels like living in an oppressive police state.Second: It's a work of narrative decency. The whole 1984 (bit on the nose) tack is a bit played out, but the events that occur during each day of public service are what makes the game worth playing. The player is offered many chances to determine what determines their morality: the welfare of a complete stranger or the safety of the family they've left at home.Finally: It's just a super intuitive game. It's essentially Instruction-following Simulator but everything is so clear that any person could pick it up and play to the end. It's an excellent challenge to the player's attention-paying skills and patience as they sort through paperwork to pick up even the TINIEST discrepancy."
,Recommended,239030,15041120,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Cro,"Never before has a game made me laugh, get angry, become annoyed, feel love, battle between morals and law, fear, and damn near cry.It's a truly beautiful game for a rediculously low price. Get it."
,Recommended,239030,31965281,Posted: 25 May,all,LosingHope,"Awesome game. Fought with my brother because he wouldn't let the woman in to visit her son. Glory to Obris--I mean, Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,24020963,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Leelabob,Theres this guard i'm friendly with. we grew up in the same village.He tells me his long lost love is finally coming to be with him and asks that i look out for her.She arrives at my booth but she doesn't have all the paperwork.I'll be fined if i let her in wothout the correct paperwork.I let her in anyway and get the fine.I watch her leave the booth and run into the arms of the man she loves.Even in a opressive communist state there is still room for some happiness.And it helps that she left a gift at my apartment later.
,Recommended,239030,10840678,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[E]Gailbear,"I find this game to be a lot of fun - I enjoy sorting things, and this is a 'sorting' game. The endless modes are a good way to pass the time.Also: achievements."
76561198120982723,Recommended,239030,14405888,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ninjake846,"Got given a piece of paper with powder on it and a note that says ""do not touch powder"". I touched powder and died.10/10 would touch again.""too much water"" -IGN"
,Recommended,239030,280049,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Hubicorn,it's surprisingly really fun and addicting. Hubi says BUY.
76561198270992892,Recommended,239030,26675955,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,shrek has $WAG,"10|10!This game is amazing! I love its gameplay, variety of endings and ofc, Jorji Costava! ;)Papers, please  is a very creative game! I ve never seen this kid of game before.Price is fair i think, because 10 bucks is ok for such exciting game!(P.S) Also, you can earn tokens!10|10!Игра афигенная! Геймплей разнообразен, целых 20 концовок и бесконечный режим!А также, попробуйте поднять ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ и найдите все токены!Советую всем!"
76561198068776948,Recommended,239030,31619145,Posted: 7 May,all,michaelrusz,Dystopian Passport denial simulator. 10/10. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,25917625,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Papers, Please is a work of art. The superb way every refugee forces you to calculate passports perfectly, the many varied refugees with hunderds of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest indie game, puzzle game, and simulator of 2015."
,Recommended,239030,22682971,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Astral Ocelot,I'm not sure why this game is so loved and praised...It's not full of acti-GLORY TO ARSTOTZKAGLORY TO ARSTOTZKAGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,34031027,Posted: 4 August,all,GR666,"Papers , Please  short review/Gameplay(early story)/This is really basic. Check ppl passport who want to enter Aztratozka and there nothing much to worry about/Gameplay(late story)/Thing getting more advance .Have many thing to check and quicker time event has been added(Bomb defuse,Stop terrorist attack)/Ending/All your activity and doing are effect to all 20 different ending/Endless mode/It really fun to play or challenge with your friend or become first place in Global leaderboard"
76561198324156134,Recommended,239030,25491396,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Spockus,"I really enjoyed this game. I just want to know why EZIC is still after me. I""M NOT HELPING YOU GUYS!!! GLORY TO ARZTOTZKA!!! GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE GAME!!!Also what the heck does EZIC even stand for?Like I said, great game."
76561197984776622,Not Recommended,239030,7792624,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,eternalsnows,"Papers, Please is a very original game, but unfortunately it doesn't reward the time you spend with it. During the first hour or two of playtime it's easy to find yourself immersed in the dystopian fictional world and curious about what will happen next. However, after a while you realize that there is very little variety in terms of the scenarios that present themselves. Assuming you manage to stay on the good side of your superiors, this lack of variety leads to sessions that drag on and on and become extremely tedious.After reaching the end of any given playthrough there's little point in playing again. The only changes you'll encounter are when you get to choose a slightly different path by allowing somebody's wife through (or not), confiscating a diplomat's passport (or not), and so on. The differences in outcome are minor at best and certainly not worth 30-60 minutes of drudgery as you click through endless piles of documents.The game's presentation is bare bones, but I think the audio and visual style works well and accomplishes what it sets out to do. The interface is decent, although the small space you have to work with means papers get lost under other ones and lots of annoyance as you go digging for whatever it is you're looking for. The system for finding discrepancies is fairly opaque at first, which will lead to frustration as you wonder how to properly execute your instructions. Even later on this can be an issue at times as the demands you're placed under become more and more complex.I think Papers, Please is an interesting experiment and worth at least playing around with for a few hours. I'd definitely wait for it to go on sale though. I just don't think most people will find enough enjoyment here to justify paying full price."
,Recommended,239030,4361518,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Fractal fairy,"На удивление простая с виду, и на удивление глубокая если чуть-чуть поиграть. 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,11206766,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,I'm the one who Dota,Two words about this game:Jorji Costava<3
,Recommended,239030,9650330,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,the magic chef,"Congratulations.The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled.For immediate placement, report to the The Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint.An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.Thats how the game starts. Lo and behold, i am a border inspector. The Border hasn't been open in six years, due to the war. Meh, sounds easy. All i have to do is process passports. Wait, what about this woman? She hasn't got a entry ticket? But her husband is waiting? My son drew me a picture? I'm going to hang it on the wall. The checkpoint inspector fined me for hanging non-work related things on the wall? Should i help these rebels? Should i let this guy in for bribing me? Should i let a friend of the family through, even though he hasn't got the proper papers? Should i flee with my family? Should i flee alone?Papers, please.Glory to Aztozka!"
,Recommended,239030,12813026,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,(Penguincamp),"Papers Please is a great game. It's basically a game where you control a checkpoint at the edge of a country and you can decide whether people are let in or not. Simple, right?Well, if it was THAT simple, it probably wouldn't even be on Steam.The country you work for, Artzstotska (I bet I spelled that incorrectly) apparently has a lot of issues, and it gets to the point where billions of documents have to be checked before you can clear them for entry. One tiny mess-up, and you can get fined, warned, or worse. And at the end of the day, the money you make is immediately spent for your family so that you and your family can stay alive. I actually found myself really concerned about my family while I was playing this game and felt overwhelemed as if I was actually a poor man not doing so well in a communist country.Also, I'm not very good, because my uncle, wife, and son died :(That would STILL be boring if it wasn't for the immense variety of people that come in. Some are smugglers, some are reporters that I can't let through, some don't have the right papers but beg and bribe me, some have stories, some cuss at me, some threaten me, and some launch terrorist attacks. Personally, I'll let anyone in that will bribe me enough to compensate for my violation fees, and detain anyone because I made a deal with a security guard to have half of his bonus whenever I detain a person with him. I am now trained to use a gun to deal with attackers, and I am a very good shooter. Secretly though, I am part of a special underground operation that aims to take down the horrible government and I recieve messages from them every day.This game has a lot to offer. Seems simple at first, but when you get into it, it turns out to be really great. Papers, Please is a true storytelling masterpiece."
,Recommended,239030,11169401,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different
,Recommended,239030,10582231,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CrossedWires (Max),Never thought that a game where you play an immigration officer would ever be fun but this game seriously had me on the edge of my seat near the end!!Brilliantly crafted retro-style game which starts off simple but slowly and surely starts to descend into a political thriller as you have to make more and more choices and consider bending or breaking the rules to satisfy your own consciensce. Absolutely superb.
,Recommended,239030,9389230,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,BoneAche,Perhaps the best document simulator since.... whenever. I strongly reccomend this game if you like games that require attention to detail.Glory To Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,14023100,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[B-LG]coolbreess,"I made fun of my friend for playing this. A lot.I remember when he told me about it: ""You are a border inspector and you decide wether you let people into the country, or not."" How could that possibly be fun. Who sits down at their computer after work, to work. Germans. Germans and their farming simulators. I am not German.So one day, I get home from work and I play this damn game.Damn it.This is has to be one of the most unique and perfectly polished games I've ever tried. Granted, I can't say I've played as much as others, but I feel I've experienced enough of it to know that I love it.When did I know? When I accepted a bribe from a criminal to pay for my dying son's medecine.Papers, Please manages to make a worker's mundane day to day job into a tense, almost stressful, life and death situation (literally, I've died three times).Somehow I don't think this game would work with non-pixelated graphics. The music and the bleak color palette of greys and browns make me feel like I actually speak russian.You check fingerprints, strip search, arrest, interrogate; all the things you never even knew you really, really wanted to do. Is the fact that you can help those in need? Punish criminals or normal people just because the said something that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off? Is it the power that makes me want to keep playing? Probably. I'm not sure.What I am sure of though, the sounds effects are realistic (trust me on this), the people surprise you, and you get to kill terrorists.Yes, it's a boring concept on paper but it's a brilliant execution on Papers, Please."
76561198081180943,Recommended,239030,12722719,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,marclayZ,"Different game that's worth to play! Fun and Interesting, love it!"
76561198056837040,Recommended,239030,15698401,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SamSimon,"I absolutely loved this game. The gameplay is brilliant and innovative, the story is engaging, the social commentary is deep, all the actions that you can take are important. I recommend it 100%!"
,Recommended,239030,11681070,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[404] Dkyde | The Scatman,"Papers, Please, which celebrated its 1-year anniversary last week, is described as “a dystopian document thriller” – quite an intriguing mouthful for a game description, but nonetheless a very fitting description for a truly unique game. Heavily influenced by the border systems present during World War II,Papers, Pleaseintroduces the player to the communist state of Arstotzka, which recently ended a 6-year war with its neighbors and otherwise reclaimed its rightful half of the border town, Grestin.Winning the lottery would be a nice thing – everywhere but in Arstotzka and in Shirley Jackson’s novel. Unlike Jackson’s novel however, the player gets to live after winning the lottery, but they are forced to take the job as an immigration inspector. And without further ado or formal introduction, day one starts and the player has to face foreigners wanting to immigrate and citizens wishing to return – all with both poor and good attempts to cross the border and (re-)enter Arstotzka.The gameplay appears extremely simple, but as the game progresses and more regulations are added to the border-security and immigration processes, the harder and more complex the game becomes. The player has to ensure details ranging from name, day-of-birth, sex and passport number to appearance, height and work pass’ are in correct order. Should the player fail to do so, more than three times per shift, a penalty is applied which ultimately hits the player hard as they are under a massive pressure to support a wife, mother-in-law, son and uncle with food, heat, medicine and shelter.This ultimately introduces a great range of moral choices – should the player bend the rules after hearing some visitor’s heartbreaking stories and let them enter; knowing the consequences? A few achievements are in fact challenging the player’s moral stance – for instance, should an aging woman be allowed to visit her son despite having discrepancy in her papers? Similar, as the entry requirements tightens – following the significant increase in terrorist attacks inside Arstotzka against the oppressive government – more people may be detained. The choice, however, ultimately lays with the player – but as the nearby guard continues to declare his willingness to share his payment, which happens to be based on the amount of detains, the more tempted the player becomes. It becomes a simple matter of survival and thus prioritization.An interesting aspect to Papers, Please is the sound effects, audio and graphics. There are no identifiable voices (in any language), but rather extremely robotic and inhumane voices – something which follows the unidentifiable, gender less and anonymous queue outside the inspector booth. Both elements together with the Kafkaesque, colourless and overall dystopian environment greatly amplifies the alienation between the state and the people.The lack of human compassion is stunning, but perhaps very fitting for a totalitarian bureaucracy which values the state above everything and everyone. This, once again, introduces the player’s role – no action is inconsequential, and with every coin having two sides nothing is just black and white. Yet the player is ultimately the only one who can question the procedures and do the unexpected and unwanted; show compassion and empathy. The choices will ultimately impact the player’s family directly as illnesses, hunger and cold all follows rapidly though.Papers, Pleaseis in truth a unique game which pokes to the player’s moral and human compassion. It introduces the player to a very special and dystopian environment which, if allowed, greatly influences the player. It is not a game for everyone, but those who wishes to find a raw pearl within the ocean of indie-games and for those who treasures great narrative and design, this is the game.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198013141287,Recommended,239030,14037738,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Centipede,"I guess I'm really late to the party. For a long time, I've been hearing this game take a lot of praise -Yahtzee even loved it! So why am I so late to play Papers Please? Well, I kept thinking that it's a morality-driven game, that seeks to soften your heart with emotional shortcuts about NPC strangers and darkside vs lightside choices like we see in so many games (cough...Bioware...cough). Boy, I'm sure glad I was wrong.Make no mistake, this game has a lot of empathy potential. It paints a dystopian picture of a soviet country in a world region with poor living standards. Lots of people are seeking to enter the borders from other countries around you, be it to flee conflict, to seek work or to have surgery in your country's better-equipped hospitals. You have to manage helping strangers with their implied problems who sometimes don't have their paperwork in order, with not slipping up at work to keep you and your family fed and sheltered. Bonus points if you come from an ex-communist country like me and you know from your parents what it means to live with rationed food and heat in a government-assigned apartment.However, the game also gives you incentive to play the villain once in a while, and it's sort of fun be be a prick. You're stuck at a clerk's desk doing a monotonous job, and then a guy comes in and insults your son's pencil drawing he lovingly made for you? I'll be sure to comb that jerk's passport for ANY small irregularity. The game likes to play with you quite a bit, small spoiler examples includethe guy who insults your son's drawing is always clean. The guy who admires your family photo is always trying to distract you from something.Some immigrants can be really lousy people up to no good. It's very satisfying to catch smugglers, abusers or even smug little NPCs like the aforementioned who like to come in your office and give you lip.If it were only about the morality, though, I wouldn't have played Papers Please so obsessively. The gameplay though is more than satisfying:  in late stages, very intricate paperwork requires you to sweat while checking each paper carefully, praying you don't ♥♥♥♥ up a mini quest, then clenching your teeth for a few seconds after you process someone waiting to see if you're getting that dreaded citation for messing up. Most of the narrative is implied instead of spoon-fed and depends on you making mental connections; it's really fun when you catch some little typo in the name of some bloke's hometown that tips you off they forged their passport and are up to no good; or when you notice a lady has 2 extra pounds than it says on her entry permit - you search her and she has drugs strapped beneath her skirt.Papers Please has a wonderful playful tone very appropriate to a cartoonish satire. Precisely nailing the style of humour of Russian jokes, where people poke fun at heavy themes in a light-hearted stoic manner, the game's dark humour and catoonish estethic (from its delightfully sovietic music to its laconic, stilted English) suit this soviet dystopia masterfully.  The game has very little exposition. The longer you play, the more you'll become familiar with the various nations and their particularities, gleaning the geopolitical situation of this fictional area from newspaper articles (that react to your perfomarnce guarding the border) and from dozens of personal stories.I'm really glad that I bought this game on a whim and I hope I'll get the chance to see more creative gems like Papers Pleaser and to support more devs like Lucas Pope who enrich our experience."
,Recommended,239030,10630027,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HelloTosh,Absolute genius. My whole family died in 6 days.
,Recommended,239030,13414811,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"A truly exceptional game, a gem. You probably know only little about innovative games if you haven't played this.Also, the only two in-game menus that you interact with are dismissed using buttons SLEEP and WALK TO WORK - imagine this. Now how dystopian is that?"
76561198125728742,Recommended,239030,30208874,Posted: 26 February,all,Addy,"Papers, Please is a extremely original, exciting and immersive game which I can sit down with a cup of tea and play for hours.I strongly reccomend you try it out.Glory to Arztoska o7"
76561198281123750,Recommended,239030,22387133,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Person With No Soul,Good game.. good game. GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!
,Recommended,239030,13727503,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,XGunsmythX,"In essence, this boils down to a matching game. For something so simple, graphically, the gameplay is fun and addictive. In an era of ""PRETTIER! MORE LENS FLARE! EXPLOSIONS! MMO!""...sometimes playing almost ""retro"" is quite refreshing. Wish it was longer. Hope they come out with some DLC someday for this. Also; boobs. 8/10."
76561198047751154,Recommended,239030,10851308,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MC Bat Commander,My favorite tell someone to ♥♥♥♥ off simulator!10 passports drawn with crayon/10
,Recommended,239030,13976808,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,jockedition,"Papers, Please, is a spectacularly clever game. Consequences greatly effect what is already the far-from-content life of which you spend stamping passports at a border checkpoint. But this task alters beyond promise, and presentation in ways that I cant help but call bold. New mechanics are added as the game progresses, as well as characters to sacrifice for. This game made me feel for the poor 8-bit immigrates being denied access back into their country, it also made me choose who to betray and how to go about situational hardship. Managing finance and family was an interesting take on putting a face or a name to your character. 30 different endings, spanning 30+ days will keep you playing more than you probaby should, and unique gameplay only further insures this.Games like this make me think, and not many games do that, even fewer that are 16-bit, and fewer more at this price point.Do whatever it takes to give this game a place in your Steam Library!"
,Recommended,239030,10050083,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,ImMACulate 10,"THEY TOLD ME TO STOP STOP STOP STOP ITS JUST ONLY A GAME!!! A GAME... THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEIR LITTLE MINDS THINKING. IT IS NOT A GAME ITS A PLACE TO LIVE. STAMP STAMP STAMP STAMP THOSE PAPERS STAMP STAMP STAMP. In Arstotzka doing excellent job gets you good wages. living in Arstotzka is a good thing. Those hearted brave guards gets KILLED BY THOSE IMMIGRANT TERRORIST they'l always be in Arstotzka memory to protect and kill those immigrants terrorist and an Obristan man name Jorgi oh Jorgi... He tried so much so so so so much... using his emotion and compassion about my family. Then He tried to bribe me ahahha.... He is way out of his mind. When the time he came with small packs of drugs. I give a hell that he's trying to get DETAIN THAT DRUG SMUGGLING OBRISTAN... PAYING AN ARSTOTKA WITH A SMALL AMOUNT MONEY WHAT THE HELL WAS HE THINKING... ARSTOTKA IS IN MY HEART!!!! MY FAMILY!!! AND THE CITIZENS!!! THOSE WHO TRY TO BETRAY, AND HURT ARSTOTKA WILL BE ELIMINATED!!! EXECUTED!!!!! DIE DIE DIE!!!!!!!! LONG LIVE ARSTOTKA!!!  LONG LIVE ARSTOTKA!!!  LONG LIVE ARSTOTKA!!!  LONG LIVE ARSTOTKA!!!  LONG LIVE ARSTOTKA!!!"
,Recommended,239030,22867871,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,eat my ass,"Gets very fast paced and complicated. Every choice leaves a mark, and you might send NPC's to their death or get guards at the gate attacked. fun as hell and good way to pass the time."
,Recommended,239030,12003890,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Difficulty increases as the game progresses+ Gameplay mechanics become more complicated and involved as the game progresses+ Visual and audio style gives this title a unique and charming feel+ Surprisingly immersive; not much in the way of story or background, but does an excellent job of presenting you with moral dilemas+ Variable endings that lend to better replayability+ Very creative and fun, casual title that you won't regret purchasing (particularly if you enjoy retro-styled games)- Your measley income can sometimes prove inordinately difficult to manage, and your family is just so needyLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,239030,1488849,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Deathstar,"""Papers, please."", the name of this game is also that one piece of dialogue you will read over and over and over again. You are an inspector for a communist regime, in a fictional country set in 1982. It is your job to keep the country safe, now that its borders have opened up again (a little). Natives and foreigners alike will have to show you their papers, including passports, ID cards and permits of various sorts and you must check them for credibility. Basically, Papers, Please is a simulation of the actual job of a border guard. Since this is set in a dystopian, cold war-era though, it is far from boring. Security is tight and you cannot afford any mistakes, especially because the life of your own family depends on it. After each day of sieving through papers, you will have to spend your hard-earned salary on rent, food and warmth for your loved ones. This forces you to work fast, though working fast makes you more prone to errors, which in turn might lead to penalties for any mistakes, even those as small as forgetting to check the date of expiration on a worker's permit.Putting yourself and your family first will mean absolute obedience to your regime, however, and a strict and methological approach to every single one of the (partly random, partly story-related) visitors. Some will tell you sad stories about how much they miss their family, others will flat-out lie to you and it is always up to you if they may enter or not. A psychological experiment, one could say. Will you stand up against a cold government and turn a blind eye on those with no malicious intend or will you be absolutely loyal in order to secure your paycheck for the day?Playing through the storymode will confront you with various events, setting off chains and affecting the game later on. Apart from this, there are also some endless-gamemodes included, such as endurance (work until you run out of money) or time-trial (finish up as many people as possible within a given time).Papers, Please is one of the most interesting games out there right now and it does not even need any graphical miracles to pull that off. In fact, the monotone, pixelated world only contributes to its disturbingly grim atmosphere.What would you do?"
,Recommended,239030,10891539,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Yureina,"It took me a long time to eventually getting around to beating this game. Why, you ask? Because the game is just not fun to play. It's a pain in alot of ways. I've got a good memory and detail for spotting errors, and even then I messed up so often in this game that it got rather embarassing. But I did get to the end, and got all the achievements. So even my utter failure at being a border inspector managed to be ok in the end.So if it's not fun to play, why is this a ""yes"" recommendation? Atmosphere. The lack of fun adds to that, oddly enough, and what you get is a game where you feel like a bureaucrat working for a pseudo facist/communist government that pays you crumbs and is all too ready to throw you in jail. The whole game dips you into this unpleasant world and does not let you escape unless you beat it or quit the game.So it's an unfun game that uses that to add to the game's superbly done setting. If nothing else, it's often a very cheap game so you won't lose much money buying it. I'd say its worth checking out, if only to see what the fuss is about and to be the jackass government employee you always wanted to be... for only a few hours.Glory to... no. That place sucks. Glory to somewhere else!"
,Recommended,239030,10886827,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Admiral Awesome,"Glory to Arstotzka!Who thought checking passports would be so fun!Well, passports... entry permissions, ID cards, vaccinationsOh you also get to scan people for drugs. And weapons. Weapons that they use against youAnd against your guards.Search all Kolechians.Deny all foreigners.Mistakes result in a penalty.Glory to Astotzka."
76561198009984550,Recommended,239030,12285490,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ReginaldVelJohnson,"This is the most gripping bureaucracy simulation game I can possibly imagine. I've never played anything like it. It's so simple and so elegant, and it still manages to have one of the most compelling non-traditional narratives I've experienced."
76561198065052460,Recommended,239030,25958161,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,arkanoob,"This game is even better than expected. Go buy it at full price.The hype in the reviews is at the very least justified.If you check a few negative reviews you'll see most of them say the game is repetitive or like work.1. Yeah it's repetitive, it's a game, do you never get bored of shooting bad guys or conquering stuff?2. Yeah it's like work, you play a clerk, duh. But if this game reminds you of your job, I recommend a career change and immigration.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198040161375,Recommended,239030,34898581,Posted: 12 September,all,sf0311,"A smart game, but rather quiet about it. It keeps you busy with engaging game mechanics and gently pressures you to make difficult decisions quickly. The story happens somewhat in the background, but nevertheless captures you, stays with you and makes you think about your choices and the fictional state the game is set in for a while after you've stopped playing. A modern classic you should know."
,Recommended,239030,10649527,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kievn,Dystopian DMV Simulator
76561198096215438,Recommended,239030,19340515,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CorSolis,*gets executed in front of my family for screwing up a job I never wanted*10/10
76561198041278659,Recommended,239030,22441026,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,reallitup22,"After packing more than six hours into this game, I believe it is safe to say that I can stamp this game with an entry visa.___________________[                                               ][: Procedure Violation:           ][: No entry to steam               ][                                               ][ Warning-No penalty added ][                                               ]''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''ohWell anyway, basically, this game somehow turns a mundane job into a thing of pure interest. Instead of you waiting in a line, you are in charge of making the line go. You approve visas and deny problems. Sometimes you detain people at a press of a button. It's quite entertaining. While this all sounds rather boring and tedious, I often find myself drawn to the dystopian version of russia that is Aristotzka. Seeing all the strange politics go down and try so hard to earn barely decent pay to support your family as such is nothing more than an odd thrill. The rules constantly update and you need to learn how to adapt and identify without screwing up. or... well... that happens. You make both friends and enemies, both equally lovable. You talk with them and you make deals and you get help. Never forget that you are not alone in this Aristotzikan world.oh, and do yourself a favor.[Save Sergiu]"
,Recommended,239030,20281315,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bhop bob,proof communism doesn't work10/10
,Recommended,239030,23243454,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,late 90s fushigi ball commercial,"Not a very long game, but it has alot of different endings to add to the fun. Worth the money, and is loads of fun for a while."
76561198147304817,Recommended,239030,23421279,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,BoosterNRG,"Damn fun game! Believe it or not you will need to make some important decisions that will seriously affect the future of your story, and the game gets more difficult as you progress, as your passport check agenda grows ever larger."
76561198025869791,Recommended,239030,13603948,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,累了。。。。。。。,"I tend to lose stuff, make silly mistakes in mathematics, and my parents often tell me I'm not very attentive. What's a better way to increase your attentiveness than checking people's documents under pressure of getting enough money to avoid imprisonment and family death?Just started playing this 2 hours ago and got fits of rage over the mistakes I make that I don't notice.. same feeling as in real life..  I think my neighbours hear my shouting ;o.. but I must say I love the tension, stress, and the feeling that I'm getting much better at quickly checking and verifying information.It's still sometimes angering how they don't give you enough time to study the rules carefully............ I have to pause the game and google things like how to scan all people or check documents for forgeries. Nonetheless, I love games which teach you to think faster.Glory to Arstotzka! 9.986/10"
,Recommended,239030,10933414,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,?triggered,"Be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and feed your family, or do the right thing and starve your family. Overthrow the corrupt government, or stay in line and cause no trouble. Glory to the state, or Glory to the Order.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,28886858,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Generaloberst,"GLORY TO ASTOZKA, GLORY GREATES COUNTRY!!"
,Recommended,239030,31754893,Posted: 14 May,all,Lights,"GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GREATEST COUNTRY!Papers Please is an amazing game and a great exercise for your mind, except now I say Glory To Arstotzka to friends without realizing it.10/10 glory greatest gameGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GREATEST COUNTRY!"
76561197983545926,Recommended,239030,26176614,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"The first time I played this game, I felt kind of screwed by all of the unexplained, hidden story elements. But coming back to it a few years later, it's really a fun little game that allows for a lot of 'choose your own adventure' style of play. The amount of things that need checking gradually ramps up until you feel like a TSA agent on steroids. I really like the game design and the feel of everything - music, art, a little bit of humor from time to time. I think most people would do well to try this game out for themselves and see what they think!"
76561198377356093,Recommended,239030,33216868,Posted: 3 July,all,smokyjoe,"Simultaneously stressful, intriguing, monotonus and fun. 9/10. Look out for my boy Jorji."
,Recommended,239030,7998060,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Just fucked my PC,"An engrossing, story-driven puzzle game that will have you thinking, making moral choices with real gameplay consequence, and not being options on a wheel. Adapting to ever-growing confusion makes this game tick."
,Recommended,239030,20907337,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Machdju,"The game reflects the current situation in Europe.Not available in all countries, but in a few it's been that way."
76561198022751934,Recommended,239030,20004201,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Manabender,"Papers Please accomplishes something many would consider impossible.It takes a completely mundane, boring job, makes a game about it, and makes it fun.Seriously, imagine some pitching the following idea to you.""How about a game where you play a customs officer? People come into your office on the country border, hand you their passport and other documents, and you check to make sure everything is in order.""If you are a publisher, you would stop listening to that person. If you aren't a publisher, you would still probably think it's a bad idea.The thing is, though, that's exactly what the game is,and it's still fun to play.Even more mind-bogglingly,it's fun to play through two or three times.What makes this possible is the scenario. You work the border of a communist country that's clearly supposed to be a rip-off of Russia. (At least that's my interpretation. There are apparently several other valid possibilities, but it's clear that every country is ripping off some real country.) This is the job the government has assigned to you. Said government doesn't take♥♥♥♥♥♥from slackers, so rather than pay you by the hour, they pay you by the person. You have to provide for you and your family though, so the faster you work, the better the pay. That is, unless you start screwing up. If you let someone in that had bad papers, or deny someone with good papers, you get paid nothing, and also get docked pay for each mistake past the first. This alone creates a tension; work too fast, and you get screwed by mistakes, but work too slow, and you get screwed by inadequete pay.On top of this, there are several unique characters that visit you every day. Many of them can be described as ""I know my papers aren't in order but pleasepleaseplease let me in."" For example, a husband with good papers asks you to let his wife in, who's next in line, but missing a critical paper. Do you take pity and let her in, or stick to your job and separate them?There is a lot going on; the game reacts to your choices in a very natural way. Did you catch a wanted criminal trying to get through customs? The newspaper headline tomorrow will exclaim ""Criminal caught in customs!""There are too many examples to list, especially when several of them will spoil key elements of the game.Trust me. Just buy this game. It's worth the price tag. I know the concept is a hard sell, but you will NOT be disappointed."
,Recommended,239030,33358788,Posted: 7 July,all,Spook Terry,"This is ""real communism""."
,Recommended,239030,8130750,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,knife emoji,this is the worst sims game i have ever played
,Recommended,239030,20206948,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,T̵͓̝̦ͮ̐ͫ͒̏̔o̙͆ͩ̋̑ͥͩ ͕̝̫ͩ͗̂ͩ̇ͮ̑͘͜,"I can recommend this game for it's unique gameplay and ideas. There's a lot of detail to it and if you wanted to you could spend quite a bit of time with this game.Due to the nature of this game I didn't really have an incentive to care about any particular character except myself and potentially my family (honorable mention to Jorji). It's not a very fun or even enjoyable game, it feels more like work. It really does feel like a border check simulator in a way. From my playtime you can see I finished it as quickly as possible.Even though I didn't really enjoy playing this game all that much I can respect it for what it is and that's why I can recommend it to anyone that thinks they would like to play a game like this."
,Recommended,239030,29426620,Posted: 22 January,all,hotshots2000,My first Review!I APPROVED this game.Glory to Artstozka!
,Recommended,239030,7861779,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Shugnussy,"Papers, Please attacks the real world border and immgration issues in a retro and humorous way. Out of all the indie games rushing onto Steam, this one sticks out, and for a good reason."
,Recommended,239030,8286695,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,AmosMoses,"Papers, Please forced me to do some serious, introspective thinking about my values as a human being. Pleasure rushed through my veins with every passport I denied. I force a husband to abandon his wife at the border. I look down. My loins are stirring. I look up. I detain an innocent person for a minor infraction. I look down. I have a raging erection. I look up. I take a man's bribe and deny him anyways. I start to look down, but it's too late. My monitor is being splattered with sweet, lawful, justice juice for the glory of Arstotzka.Sweet God, what have I become?"
,Recommended,239030,9713554,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Gharren,"A game that is almost ridiculously addicting, considering its rather simple mechanics. The game takes place in the ficticious country of Arstotzka, you are a worker at the border control. The main gameplay element is to check the papers of the entrants and either deny them or let them through. What sounds tedious and repetitive at first, soon develops into moral conflicts and hard decisions. Papers, Please is not just a ""border control simulator"", but tells a story. You have a family to feed, so you want to do your job good. Unlawfully letting entrants through leads to citations and finally penalties, you might even lose your job. But do you really want to disunite a family or change the fate of other people to the worse, just for the sake of doing a good job? Do you let a drug smuggler or terrorist through because he bribes you with money that could save your family from starving? It's decisions like these that make Papers, Please a unique experience and definitely worth its money."
,Recommended,239030,9985906,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Mr Pilgrim,"Glory to Arstotzka, Komrade! This game is very entertaining, and mind challenging! There are plenty of different things you have too keep an eye out for, and plenty of fun little things here and there that the Developer put in! Also, might I mention that only one person made this awesome game! So go check it out, and have some good fun with it! :D~Pilgrim"
,Recommended,239030,31611297,Posted: 7 May,all,chuck noriss gamer,a nice time killer94.67/100
,Recommended,239030,9614277,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ðaякℜyu 竜,"For a simple-looking 8-bit game, the story has some surprising depth. You're a struggling poverty-stricken man working for the government border patrol. You were lucky enough to win the labour lottery to land that job. You've been placed in a run down hotel where you work for near nothing in order to support your family. You have bills to pay, your family can get sick and die, you can go to jail for going into debt. Your decisions matter and they matter a lot.Can you catch a serial killer before he enters your country? Will you be able to stop terrorism in its tracks?Find out if you've got what it takes to defend your homeland in Papers, Please."
,Recommended,239030,13117488,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,mush_rooms,"My sick son died because I had to choose 2 out of having heat, food, or medicine. I chose poorly. 10/10"
76561198009729707,Recommended,239030,18491728,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Blair The Very Magical Cat,10/10 Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,23010553,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,AfterBurner44,if you wanna play a good point & click try Papers PleaseGlory to Arstotzka10/10
76561198068806335,Recommended,239030,16348677,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,frogprincess_q4,This game is way more fun than it should be...
76561198079744965,Recommended,239030,12783790,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Preya,"I love this game!At first glanse the gameplay seems simple and monotonous, but it's not true.There are various characters with their prehistory.You have to chose and your choise leads to different endings.And when you finished the game you could try your hand at plural challenges.The game also has a good music, which I like a lot."
76561197970649200,Recommended,239030,442659,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,danpaladin,"Match stuff up and make sure it's right.  If you don't like that, you won't like this, but if you do like that, you'll love this!"
,Recommended,239030,2439914,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Yuuhi,An awesome game made by 1 man! I realy didnt expect that playing a border control would be so amusing and addictive!
76561197990680097,Recommended,239030,7431151,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,SinoSamba <(-'.'-)>,Never thought processing paperwork on the border could be so fun!
,Recommended,239030,23516327,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Six,"Loved it. The gameplay is very original, the universe and story very whitty. Choices matter and 20 different endings. Tough choices to make... One of the best indie games I've played."
76561197962665403,Recommended,239030,13436504,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,RangerV1,"This is a fun 'find the difference in documents' game.  Is that a game genre?  If it isn't this game makes it one.There are funny moments in this solemn, gloomy, and morally driven title.  Your job is to make sure people have the correct documentation in order to enter through your gate.  At first you will be slow, but with time and  practice you can become faster at checking the errors in passports, tickets, pictures, and other documents.  You will need to be quick on order to process more people to up your wage to save your family.  I only have a few hours but I am glad I got this game, its cheap but very well made for its intended purpose.  Would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,239030,11503169,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Yung Neff,"I bought this during the Summer Sale not particularly knowing what to expect. It starts off sorta relaxing, doing your brotherly duty to your comrades keeping the border safe from capitalist swine and dirty Imporians, typical stuff.But then suddenly you're faced with decisions. Will you let the sick man enter the country to use Arstotzkan doctors, or is it tough luck Republian pig? Will you take bribes or will you be loyal to your country? Join a plot to overthrow the government?  There are multiple endings, and only on my 3rd playthrough will I get all the achievements. (and have seen most of the endings.)For a game with no exact story, there's a lot to be noticed. There's a lot of neat details and a few characters that really grew on me. The gameplay may not be for everyone, I mean you're checking papers and documents for errors and forgeries, but the enjoyment for me was the implied stories and situations that occur. Some of it gets absurd and I love it.I bought it on sale, and bought a copy for a friend. Would gladly pay full price as I'm getting 14-15 hours out of it once I finish achievements.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!EZIC LIVES"
,Recommended,239030,16451159,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,pengs,"Papers, Please lived up to the hyped my friends built on me. There's just too much you have to consider with the spelling of their names, their sex & the dates, but the progression is wonderful. I felt like the system pressured me first then held my hand as I stamped and searched for reasons to deny an entry. I played the game to see how Lucas Pope implented the content creation for the Endless Mode. And he is a genius!The Story Mode is a fresh take on a fictional Communist/Facist Border with tiny rewards along the way."
,Recommended,239030,8171211,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sally,"My nerves! Jebus, I didn't stop taking about this (and even now flip out with excitement if anyone mentions it) after first playing! Incredible game! My reactions are pretty slow at the best of times, so for me, it's pretty challenging, but I got gradually a tonne load better at the checking side of things, but that STORY?! My emotions were all over the place!! I can't even begin to explain how this little game sent me laughing, jumping, almost crying, and at one point almost falling off my chair in shock! I will happily recommend it to anyone. Genius game!"
76561198131904681,Recommended,239030,10776525,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jronguitar,"I cannot stand work simulator games.That being said, buy this game. Pay full price, whatever. It's fun. I can see why people say they have played this game and have wanted a similar job. There are some good stories, 20 endings, challenge. You WILL overlook the seemingly basic visuals quickly. One playthrough: Couldn't afford to feed my son, uncle, or mother in law, so they died. I worked until I got a slightly better apartment. The government investigated my newfound ""wealth."" I was cleared of all charges, but my savings were confiscated. Eventually escaped the country with a couple fake passports. Immediately started a new game!So, I dunno...9/10."
,Recommended,239030,11290928,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,KezzieZ,"Papers, Please has to be the most interesting bureaucratic sim game out there. I know that sounds like damning with faint praise, but I seriously enjoy this game.As a citizen of the country Arstotzka, you've been chosen by way of the job lottery to work on the newly reopened border, making sure anyone that wants to get in has the correct papers. The rules change almost daily (for example, on day one, you can only allow native Arstotzkans back in, but on day two, you start admitting in foreigners as well) and your pay is connected to how many people you correctly process during the set work hours. If you get too many citations for incorrect processing, your paycheck will start to be penalized and it will become more difficult to pay for you and your family's rent and utilities.It's up to you if you follow the rules completely or allow a few people to squeak by once in a while, whether they're a couple trying to flee their old country but only one of them has correct paperwork or whether they're dissenters against the Arstotzkan government. Some people will even offer you some very tempting bribes that could be worth it for you and your family.On occasion, it can be frustrating to miss something as small as an incorrect expiration date or stamp and get a warning citation for it, but it's still an addictingly fun and interesting game. The graphics have a very old-school DOS look to them that fits the 80's dystopian tone the game is going for. There's also an Easy Mode setting for any newcomers that are a bit nervous about their pacing in checking people's papers; it's a good training wheels option to start with and you can still get achievements in it. I recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun indie game with a little political intrigue, spotting differences while on the clock, some interesting moral choices, and multiple endings."
,Recommended,239030,29864214,Posted: 11 February,all,ProfessorGoddamnOak,"honestly, I bought this game expecting to be disappointed with it because it is so different from any other game i've played or showed interested in... Oh boy was I wrong.This game really impressed me in ways that I never would have expected. Every action in this game has consequences, some good, same bad, and some have both good AND bad.To start, the game gives you only a single game mode, the story mode, but a simple google search will give you the code to unlock the endless mode. Warning about unlocking endless before playing story completely, you will have to play it with no previous knowledge about the rulesendless mode continued: endless mode has a few different sub-modes that allow you to play with different rules, such as timed or perfection, but I highly recommend that you play story mode first.This game has 20 different endings, which really allows you to play the way you want to play it. That is a very important factor in my book.Sometimes people come into the booth that have male facial features, but are actually female and vice versa.The story, your decisions, and the characters can really make you reconsider your morals and make you think twice about how you really feel about the things you do in this gameI rate this game 9/10 for the great story, the characters, the games general unique-ness, and because of the minus points from the nudity featureGlory to Arstotska"
,Recommended,239030,29794127,Posted: 8 February,all,spooky creepy,"Soviet work simulator. This is my type of ""spot the difference"" game for sure."
,Recommended,239030,7819023,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Magical☆Melody,"A game of focus and details.A game of racism and patriotism.A game of institutions and beaurocracy.The game was widely praised by the writer of Borderlands 2 as being a triumph of storytelling through mechanics.  To get the most out of this, you need to really throw yourself in and make the real choices.  The metacritic score is 85 for a reason, if you let it, this may be a game that'll stick with you for years."
76561198025069667,Recommended,239030,10860389,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BodaciousBeast,"For a pixelated point and click indie game, It definitely surprised me in more ways than one.The concept is very simple: You regulate the borders of a make believe country called Arstotska and you approve or deny immigrates passage, depending on the rules of the day. However as you progress the story unfolds to something more complex, maybe even emotional. Throughout your work you discover people and their stories, which can have a deep impact. E.g. an immigrant hasn't seen her son in six years but has expired documents. Do you deny her entry? Or do you let her through and face disciplinary action from your superiors? The pressure builds, as you are the only financial provider for a family of five. You decide how the story unfolds."
,Recommended,239030,10557944,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,JaysonFour,"You'd never think that a soul-crushing job at a border crossing could be fun... but it is.  The question is, what do you sacrifice- speed or accuracy?"
76561197999232487,Recommended,239030,23758119,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Luiz,This game is relaxing and awesome. Everyone should buy it!
,Recommended,239030,30147197,Posted: 24 February,all,Wheels,Amazing game.10/10This game proves that graphics are not everything. Very interesting gameplay.
,Recommended,239030,13561868,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,A**hole simulator 2013 100/10 would deny people again.
76561198007368412,Recommended,239030,8742630,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Max Crashington the Bastard,"COMRADE. This is not game. You have been chosen by glorious Arstotzkan Labour Lottery. You get good job. You review passports and paperwork and if all match up okay like rule say you approve but if not you not approve, maybe get vile terrorists arrested for summary judgement and execution. Is good job. You might have fun. Maybe if do well, will earn enough money to son not die of dysentary.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA."
,Recommended,239030,11885787,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,&Y™,"An amazing, unique game based in a Soviet-esc communist country. Set in the years of the cold war, you play as an inspector at the Arstotzkan border, and you're tasked to inpsect the paperwork of the people passing through.,With a unique gameplay aspect that gradually gets less and less manageable and more and more complex, interesting storylines, 20 different game endings, and a story that will have you playing several times through with the unique savegame branching system, you'll be bombarded by terrorists attacks and casting a suspicious eye on every individual you meet!10/10.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198055777586,Recommended,239030,12624728,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CaveObserver,"A fantastic game with simple mechanics but very complicated game play.The way I see it is that many unnescessary elements of the game play are removed in order to focus on the actual experience, as the word simulation often reminds me rag dolling and silly physics. The attention to detail of this game is unbelievable. These elements redefines simulation type games for me, as the aim is to feel the same rather than look the same.On the other side, the highlight discrepancy mechanic does take some practices to get used to.Overall, a game that is one of its kind."
,Recommended,239030,8763933,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Schroedster,Very addicting and very fun
,Recommended,239030,8446552,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bracket,"What a genuine diamond in the rough.This game captures the monotonous tone of a dead-end job and stylises it to perfection.I really appreciate the little things Lucas Pope snuck in for replay value and just the funny little side-happening which occur now and again, not to mention the suspense of working to earn a pay for your family.Another thing that really clicks with Papers, Please and I is the genuine question towards morals and work. Do you let a senile, old woman through the checkpoint after pleading and begging for your mercy? At the cost of your entire career? Or do you deny her, sending her to a one-way trip to absolutely no-where.Either way, I loved this game, it really knew how to get to me.Rating: 8.8/10Personal Rating: ""Modern Art""Ranking on Top 10: 4."
,Recommended,239030,8741773,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Tentacle-Kitty,"I'm only at Day 3 yet, but I already can see why this game is an absolute must-have. It's once more a demonstration that, even with 2D graphics, a game can be overwhelmingly enjoyable and at the same time demanding as Hell.Even if you think that you are watching out for every detail to be correct, you might just make a small mistake. And if it's just the sex entered in the papers which is wrong, you will find that the slightest mistake can result in a warning from your higher ups. And even if you aren't that far into the game, it can become a little confusing with how much you need to watch out for. Is the date correct? Does the person in question have a valid ticket / permission to enter? Is the passport real or forged? Which ethnic groups are allowed in, which aren't? And are there potential terrorists amongst those of a certain nationality?I only just begun scraping at the surface of this great game, and I'm already hooked. As punishing and unforgiving as it is, as overwhelming as the stream of information can become at even the beginning - it's an addictive and definitely unusual game, which makes ""Papers, Please"" a great game which you could play for hours."
76561198020559024,Recommended,239030,13540703,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,C-Trouble,"My job is dull, repetitive, and boring. Every day its the same crap over and over. They keep adding new documents and files that the miserable immigrants have to bring to get in, which of course means more work for me. I remember when i took pity on these pathetic immigrants. I would listen to their endless sob stories and even let a few slip by without the required paperwork. But not anymore. I've grown to hate them. The only thing worse than this hell of a job , is having to return home to my family. There is never enough. Someone is always sick or hungry. Everyone is cold and unhappy. I'm afraid i've grown to hate them as well. To top it all off things are only getting worse. Nights are getting colder, we loose people, the job gets harder, acts of terrorism cause lock downs that do nothing but waste my time. I watched a co-worker get blown to pieces by a ""freedom fighter"" yesterday and it didnt even faze me. Im just waiting for death. Of my family, of this country, of these immigrants. or of me. Wasnt there a point of happiness in my life? Before my son was born, when me and the wife were first married. Before this country had gone to hell and the with it the world...Wait....im a white middle class college student in 21st century America....What the crap was that video game?!?!"
,Recommended,239030,7819796,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: Papers, Please. Glory To Arstotzka's Boring Yet Compelling JobGenre: Point & Click Puzzle SimulationDeveloped & Published by: 3909Platform: Windows, Mac and Linux.Business Model: Base Game.Copy Purchased by MyselfOverall Gameplay ThoughtsYou are a border guard of Arstotzka, a fictional government that has forced you into your current job. Your job, I might add, is to get as many people processed through the border as quickly as you can. The more people you process correctly, the more money you earn for the day. However, the job is made difficult with forged documentation, lists of rules you must make sure everyone has adhered to and an ever-increasing pile of paperwork to sift through. As you make mistakes, it costs money and could potentially get yourself jailed if you’re that terrible at your job. Your family has demands as well and the cost of living will go up, demanding that you work harder at processing more people through the gate every passing day.Papers, Please isn’t a pleasant stroll through the park. The work you’re doing is tedious and dull. Every new face a source of income and potential frustration. Inspections taking progressively longer as you become more paranoid of your fallibility. Let one guy through and he’s fine. Let the next woman through, whose paperwork seems legitimate, only to get instantly penalized as her documentation was expired. Then I begin checking documentation to make sure it isn’t expired only to get penalized for letting a criminal through. Curses! Then you deny the next person because something seems missing with his documentatio--oops, nope, he was completely fine. I just denied a man from seeing his wife. Now I have to be extra-careful with the next guy, which takes me over an hour of in-game time just to realize that his paperwork completely checks out.Damnit it all!I need to move faster. The Next person has concealed explosives but I forget to check his weight so he gets through and blows up the guards. The day is abruptly over. My income cut short, my family starves. I curse my inadequacy.Papers Please is a constant balance of fact-checking, observation and being as quick as possible with some of the most intentionally-clunky tools a border guard could possess. Each tool taking their own portion of precious time to make sure the documentation is or isn’t correct. Even if you know that person’s paperwork is wrong, you have to verify it with the in-game data checker, interrogate the person to be sure you’re correct and then and only then, can you call for the guards. All the while, the clock ticks on insidiously. Waiting to instantly call you out on that inevitable mistake you’ll make.Game ModesThere are two main game modes, story and endless. Story is a 31 day campaign with branching story paths based on the decisions you make. Whether it’s support for the rising rebellion against Arstotzka, support of the old government, getting caught doing illegal activities or adverse conditions affecting your family, ultimately remains up to you. The story is excellently paced and down to earth with each decision you make being personable. While some decisions may seem black and white at first, you may find out later that events didn’t play out as you expected. The story more or less gives reason for why you’re there and how your decisions affect what ultimately ends up happening. To you, the government or other factions at work. While many that try to cross the border are procedural generated, in the story mode there are some that aren’t. These crafted characters can be depressing, heart wrenching or sometimes amusing. This isn’t a simulation of a border guard’s job but it’s the closest game to being one while remaining entertaining for many.Endless gives you three ways to play with four levels of difficulty. There’s a timed mode where you process as many travelers in 10 minutes as possible. Perfection which has you going as long as you can until you make a mistake. Finally, there’s Endurance which has you playing until the score balances out from your mistakes. These simply give you a way to enjoy the game after the story and are a nice, simple addition.PC SettingsUnsurprisingly basic settings, but usable for a 2D game. You have fullscreen, windowed mode and software rendering in case your hardware isn’t good enough. There’s a nudity on/off switch as well as an “Easy Mode” which gives you 20 credits every day. Separate volume sliders exist as well. However, there’s only one very catchy song that’s played in the main menu. The graphic style is, what I would consider, an oppressive & depressing pixelart. It looks great despite it not being a very colorful title.Final ThoughtsPapers Please is one of my favorite games of 2013. It keeps the dry experience of a border guard but still has depressing stories to tell. The pixelart and dreary atmosphere combine with the constant & insidious pressure to make for a very compelling experience. It’s a game that I shouldn’t find enjoyable but yet I do. Its an odd game that says something not only through words but through the game’s mechanics as well.Read the Review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
76561198043781342,Recommended,239030,13464651,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Schrodoggo,Glory to Arstotzka? да
,Recommended,239030,11702830,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Schwoops,"Mind numbingly boring and methodical in theory but it really works in practise.In between the criminals, border hoppers and people who just plain have bad luck there's a myriad of personalities to learn about with their stories well crafted into the game, making the player question their moral obligations against their better judgement.Though a bit rocky in it's startup, once you get the hang of it it becomes easy, before quickly being presented with yet another spanner in the works by the glorious Arstotzkan higher ups. Increasing the tension and complexity one must go through to get the barest of savings to keep their families fed and warm, encouraging the players to be thorough, yet fast with their decisions.A good experience with solid gameplay and intriguing characters. Would reccomend."
,Recommended,239030,7828373,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Otterpoppins,"You see this game? Yeah, I bet you do, son. This is Papers, Please, and it's amazing. Do not be fooled by the concept—Papers, Please's gameplay is really fun, really deep and complex, and it's difficult. You'll be surprised at how much depth this title has for taking place entirely in a border patrol booth, with great characters and story. If you're a fan of any kind of 'management' simulator, you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,239030,8668459,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jcyguas,"""Papers, Please.""8/10Ok! Here we go!Glory to Arstotzka!The greatest country!You are an immigration inspector, stationed at the Artotzkan side of the city Grestin, a city which shares the border with neighboring Kolechia. Your job is to conrol the constant flow of poeple entering your country. Massive hordes of people wish to enter Arstotzka, many of whom are not friendly. You'll encounter smugglers, spies, murderers, and terrorists. Using only the documents provided by travelers and the Ministry of Admission's primitive inspect, search and fingerprint systems, you must decide who can enter Arstotzka and who will be turned away or arrested.Gameplay in Papers, Please is rediculously fluid. Almost completely randomized, the game manages to make border inspection fun. As soon as a civilian approaches the booth, you must instantly snap up and pay attention. There are so many things to check for. Just to name a few: date of birth, expiration date, gender, face, if wanted criminal or not, weight, height, ID number, legit passport, and more. Terrorist attacks will be frequent, and you must be ready. You have a tranq at your side from day 16 on, and you will use it.  You'll always be on your toes.Papers, Please has many attractive features as well. The game in itself looks attractive, yielding a more harsh style. Everything in-game gives a nice vibe that definitely add to the experience. The interface may be a little difficult to get used to, but, with a little practice, become very easy. Booth upgrades increase fluidity and generally make the play quicker.Papers, Please, in addition to beautifully executed mechanics, has an amazing degree of humour and variability. With many, many references, Papers, Please does not dissapoint in the ""entertainment"" category. Random events will occur, as well as some scripted, more out-of-the-ordinary, ones. EZIC agents will require your assistance in restoring the Arstotzkan government, and amusing certain others (I'm looking at you, Jorji.) will attempt to surpass your stand. The game is endlessly fun.Aside from the 20 different endings of story-mode, there is an unlockable ""endless mode"" available to play. This mode takes full advantage of the Papers, Please's randomization, and effectively increases the game's length.All in all, Papers, Please is an enjoyable gaming experience that I would happily recommend to any gamer of any type.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198013051735,Recommended,239030,11309891,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,shikaru808,The hype is real! Extremely addicting and well worth the price.  You would think beaurocratic monotony would be kind of boring but the whole process is fascinating and super fun to play.  Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,239030,13877274,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,*Beard flick intensifies*,This is like farming simulator but good
,Recommended,239030,12282697,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Capt Macca,"★★★★★ - ""Do not miss this game""PROS:- Its a light challenge which is immersive and exetremely fun- Funny and something a little different- You develop a keen eye over time meaning you kick yourself when the game disciplines you- It challenges your memory, attention to detail and your empathy, making it a real gem- Theres some decision making to be made which affects the games pathway meaning its worth playing through multiple timesCONS:- My god that music!- Getting caught out for having too many pictures on your wallVERDICT?A simply brilliant indie game which everyone should own."
,Recommended,239030,7820956,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Napalm,"The Time: 1980'sThe Place: The Arstotzka BorderYour Situation: Supporting a Family of 5 on a meager wageYour Job: Border Checkpoint OfficerYour mission: Allow good citizens in, keep terrorists willing to wait in a line out. Follow the rulebook. No exceptions, or your pay is docked, and your family starves, freezes to death, gets sick, or all of the above. Spend your money on your family's well-being, or spend it on upgrades to make your job easier, so you can get more money. Choose wisely."
,Recommended,239030,8109286,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Varotyk,"For as simple of an idea as border control, Papers, Please offers a suprisingly deep story alongside a simple, but effective interface. An idea that should be repetitive instead becomes unpredictable and keeps you on your toes."
,Recommended,239030,31861642,Posted: 20 May,all,Wizard Hoovy,"Been out for years, still fun as hell.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,11614082,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Nick McCool,"Love it, sometimes you must make life or death decisions for immigrants or your family, some will not have immediate consequences and others will. Sometimes you must set aside your morals for the sake of your family, for what does a man do? He provides for his family.Glory to Arstotska"
,Recommended,239030,13424942,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Chroniclermata,Glory to Arstotzka. Kolechian pigs will not be tolerated in our sovereign nation. That is all. Meet Jorji in Pink Vice with the money.
,Recommended,239030,13521191,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Septavius VII,not many games cant make me feel really sad like this game does.
,Recommended,239030,10845588,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fishhunterjr,I got entangled in a terrorist organization and investigated by the government who took my bribe money and left my family homeless. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,17025371,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,The Incredible Furnace,"Pretty simple for the first view, but perfectly written with perfect soundtracks and very interesting further. You'll have to make difficult decisions that shows your patriotism, love of family, money, your justice. It covered with the great plot and have many endings.Completely worth to be played. There are no jokes about 10/10 - it's really 10/10."
76561198263061860,Recommended,239030,33616961,Posted: 17 July,all,Pretzel,a nice game.
,Recommended,239030,2342337,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,MartinMcc,"This game is not just about stamping Passports and checking Documents. I found myself thinking very hard over some of the decision that the game throws at you. Top notch, thumbs up."
,Recommended,239030,6326138,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Sloanster,HAVE YOUR DOCUMENTS READY. This game is the undisputed king of the border patrol simulator genre! It is a really good game though.
76561198007386984,Recommended,239030,33961582,Posted: 1 August,all,Nemo,"Was sent to a labor camp for doing my job.This game is harsh. Not only gameplaywise, but also in it's tone, setting and in the story that it tells."
76561198095457343,Recommended,239030,10683969,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Game_inator,"What do i think of Papers Please?After playing a good few hours of this amazing game i decided that i would write a review on why its so good (as there is no negative points about this game THIS is why you should pick it up):1. It was 2013 GOTY in Indie Development.2. It is difficult but not impossible as i found myself the first time through getting to 7 days but on the next time knowing how the game played out i was able to get a lot further as i saved money daily and made sure i made small compromises so that my family didn’t die of hunger or being cold.3.The game gives you very hard choices to make for example in day 2 (i believe) a man says ""my wife is next in line we are going to start a new life"" which he has correct everything so i let him in but then the wife comes without an entry pass you have to decide to risk getting a fine or to let her into the country with her husband (HINT let her in achievement hunters).4. The theme tune along in the background deserves a pickup of the game as it really sets the tune of a communist country out of a war.5.The art style of this game is impeccable as it is very arcade and 80's feeling6. Glory to Arstotska!"
,Recommended,239030,8519218,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Woody Bobo,"Very fun, old school feeling game."
76561198058442504,Recommended,239030,8587991,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,motheaten,"Evil, cruel, frustrating, hated almost every second of it, absolutely brilliant. Pretty much a must-play if you have any interest in gaming as a unique art form"
76561198079334967,Recommended,239030,23659978,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mr. Sven Hunkstrom,"Who would have thought that doing something as boring as managing a border would be so fun? Honestly, I didn't think there was any way it could have been entertaining. Oh boy was I proven wrong real quick. It's micro-managment, loophole searching and timed frenzy gameplay all at once. Do you try and rush through to get more people through in a day and risk missing something? Or perhaps take your time and make sure your making the right choice letting this person through? Or just through all of the rules out of the window and let someone pass because they give you a story about their family waiting for them on the other side of the checkpoint and make your own sob story worse? And speaking of story, it has to be one of the best game narritives in recent past with all of the people interactions and ending you can get. All in all, don't judge this game based on what it looks like because it is so much better than that. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,239030,21926727,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The Leeds Lad [GB],"Ever wanted to not let people in a country? If so, this game is the one and only for you. Set in a Soviet Russia-esque country in the 1980's, a country opens up its borders after a war with a neighbouring country. It's up to you to let in all the innocent people and to keep out the terrorists that may appear.It also has an excellent storyline. Your choices will determine your endings.Are you up for it? If so, buy it and buy it now. Go on. Don't just stand there."
76561197999398518,Recommended,239030,31722132,Posted: 13 May,all,jack,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played. I just returned to it after a long break, and it's still awesome. Who would think that a game this repetative and boring would be so fun and interesting? There are so many different hard choises you make all the time, and even though you just sit there in your booth stamping passports I still manage to find it fun. And it's cheap!"
76561198117849989,Recommended,239030,20388021,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Howl23,"Welcome to Arstotzka, greatest country of all world. Our women are of very beauteeful and our cheeldren are of strong. There much room for work een great country, from seemple brothel to the meeneeng labour camps of Paradeezna...urrrr....summer camps, yes, glorious summer camps of Paradeezna, or as we say Paradeese. So as we say ""don't be a Kolecheean and go collect your teecket for labour lottery"" . Gloreeous Arstotzka does not deescreemnate, we accept all people for work, women, men, cheeldren, the elderly. So come veeseet.You may see me at border.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198142240214,Recommended,239030,17807333,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mr. Otterton,"All you do is check passports so why is this game so scary? I felt very uneasy when playing on couple moments and when inspector came I was ready to walk away from computer, haha! Good game, great story and you get to choose what side of revolution you are on."
,Recommended,239030,35490880,Posted: 5 October,all,Dwunastek,-PAPERS PLEASE!-There you go...-You are Kolechian?-Yes?-CONGRATULATIONS!-I get in?-Of course not.
76561198015589990,Recommended,239030,14221599,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Crni Bombarder,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,20709296,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Blackadder,*Gets 3 citations**gets arressted for being $5 in debt**gets replaced*Glory to Arstotzka♥♥♥♥ing 10/10 best game.
,Recommended,239030,8650064,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Tommeh,You see pixelated t*ts!
76561198086346125,Recommended,239030,23012459,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,One-Man Waffle Appocalypse,"This game is amazing, replayability out the wah-zoo! Love it!"
76561198124921711,Recommended,239030,28926000,Posted: 1 January,all,Josuepg117,Buy or go to gulag comrade.
,Recommended,239030,18496572,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ibrooo,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,19372094,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Fomka.exe,10/10 would stamp again
,Recommended,239030,11997977,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Michael,"Why suffer minimum wage, long hour work in the real lifes...When I can just do it in a videay gaem!!1?"
,Recommended,239030,20692439,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Skaidrojumi,...The people are blue...You sometimes need to strip search them...You see naked blue people...So I hope you're into that kinda thing
,Recommended,239030,10465667,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jeff Dunham,Bureaucracy simulator wherein sending people to gulags is not just necessary but heartily recommended!
,Recommended,239030,8407517,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,U.S. Marine Hyde,Arstotzka number one country
,Recommended,239030,23794291,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fompe,"- ""Do not touch powder""- Touches powder- Checkpoint explodes- 10/10 would touch powder again"
,Recommended,239030,32720016,Posted: 24 June,all,★█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀ ▀█▀ ▀▄▀★,"Such a fun and fascinating game. Border control may seem dull, but this game does it perfectly. Trust me, you will enjoy it. Great replayability with 20 different endings and tough decisions to make, whether it be passing on drugs, shooting terrorists, and making decisions on bribes whilst accepting and declining passports."
76561198330280108,Recommended,239030,25789430,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,nogood2bitthief,"A game unlike any other you've played, that's for sure. Multiple endings and an endless mode make this one worth the cash. Chances are you'll never be this excited for paperwork ever again."
,Recommended,239030,11503010,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Fatal Framerate,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198055539558,Recommended,239030,22385388,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Wrenchguy2002 =SGMCORR=,Totally AWESOME! That's all i can say! AWESOME! I LOVE it!
,Recommended,239030,23242668,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,barvpenhauer,This game evolves from basic things to complex moral choices.Would shoot man in red again. 9/10
,Recommended,239030,10441335,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dr Baumstein,"Arthouse games get a bad rep, not because they try to make videogames into a serious form of art, but because most of them are pretentious as ♥♥♥♥. Because of this, there are only two games other than this one that I consider ""art"", Shadow of the Colossus and Limbo. But SotC and Limbo both have similar atmospheres and worlds, something that Papers Please doesn't bother trying to set up to the same extent.Papers Please works instead as the videogame equivalent to Albert Camus's ""The Stranger"", in that you have to choose what is morally right and logically right. There's no real answer to any of the major border holdups you encounter throughout the game. By supporting a totalitarian regime you help secure your family's safety, but at the price of the immigrants and revolutionaries crossing the border. By helping the underground resistance movements, you put yourself and your entire family at risk, without the closure of knowing you became a martyr for a bigger cause.So there's the holdup. Do you go with what is ethically right, appealing to your emotions to do what's best in the grand scheme of things? Or do what is logically right, sacrificing your own humanity for protection and security?Game's pretty fun too."
76561198063076336,Recommended,239030,8487690,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Laraki,"The best ""non-enjoyable"" game of the year, Papers Please is a far cry from the regular kind of indie game. Masterful in it's execution and without forgiveness. Papers Please is the mind numbing part time job of gaming but manages to keep the grey stale world extremely intriguing with lots of complex moral choices and stressful moments. It's easy to grasp but hard to maintain, playing an excessive amount of this game will take some toll on you and perhaps give some real life perspectives on this kind of career.Overall, Papers Please is a must play just for the experience."
,Recommended,239030,8051695,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,PoopaPapaPalpatine,If you've got a scrupulous eye for detail and are a stickler when it comes to paperwork: you'll love this game.
,Recommended,239030,7842464,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Seifer Katt,Who would ever guess that a game about being an immigration officer was so damn interesting? Check that paperwork or your family goes hungry.But what if there is a moral issue? Who is more important? A random person who may die if you don't let them in? Or is it more important to make $5 by sending them back?
,Recommended,239030,8476683,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Portponky,For the glory of Arztotska you must allow patriotic citizen throgh and deny all Kolechian scum. Ignore the fact that this is a game about moving bits of paper around. It's actually one of the finest put together adventure games you'll ever play.
,Recommended,239030,20193105,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lord_Shadow_38™,"Papers, Please!Papers, Please is a fantastic game where you, the player, assume the role of an immigrations officer where as you decide who may or may not enter Arstotzka. Arstotzka is a fictional country bearing a resemblance to the former soviet union before its collapse on December 26th of 1991. As the game starts it's very simple and straightforward, and as you would expect as the game progresses it become more challenging. However there's a catch, you're not just stamping passports without a goal, mind you! Every person you process correctly gains you an income, this income is then put towards maintaining your family's well being and as well as upgrading your workstation to improve efficiency. Papers, Please also has a compelling story that's choice based and is definitely worth replays to experience each choices effects.Overall this game is designed to challenge you. You need to know how to maintain a level head when faced with a stressful work environment, however that being said it's not rage inducing at all. The one thing to consider is that each day in the game will timed, but fair. The other major reason I love this game is that it makes you pay attention to detail and if you have a keen eye it can be quite satisfying to spot forged documentation.While I never like to give a game a score I must say that it’s looking like a 9/10 for me, and the reason I never like giving scores is because the game is only as good as what you put into the game.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8667810,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,JaffaCaffa,"I was definitely hesitant about this game at first, I watched a couple videos online and it seemed so repetitive and boring. But boy am I happy to say I was wrong. I love how there's different story lines where you can follow the rules or trust in some dodgy people and see what happens. This was my 2nd steam game completing all the achievements and now I plan on playing the endless mode! Definitely try it out, it's fun and frustrating at the same time as you facepalm yourself over silly mistakes over and over."
76561198033772332,Recommended,239030,10602780,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,War is hell,Arstotzka the best country in world
76561198027749704,Recommended,239030,25776155,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,RT Final,It's kind of amazing how turning a literal job into a video game can be fun and addictive.  I imagine everyone will like this game.  Everyone except airport security workers.
,Recommended,239030,8205384,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Shredder,"God, this game is so hilarious. It's always a thrill being a border guard for the Soviet nation of Arstotzka to see people try and smooth talk their way into getting a green stamp. Especially this guy named Jorji Costava. He handed me a passport made with crayon drawings. 10/10 Best bang for your buck. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,150909,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Dimedo,Minimalistic and heavily depressing. I love it.
,Recommended,239030,2971966,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Mald,Yes.
,Recommended,239030,24030115,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Crasher925,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,7823852,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Trig,You get to be really cruel to poor peopleTen thumbs up
76561198098066891,Recommended,239030,24654301,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SentientCactus,WHAT IS PASSPORT?
,Recommended,239030,32534933,Posted: 18 June,all,a responsible individual,Our vetting must be more extreme than this.
,Recommended,239030,8758157,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,lee,Tiring game. Just like life.
76561197972291747,Recommended,239030,7544319,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,meathorse,"What a unique little treasure! I've never seen anything like it before, and probably never will again. The game is monotonous and depressing... but in a good way!Papers, Please is fascinating and should be experienced by everyone.Just wish I knew if it were any good.(If you're curious about gameplay, check out the official trailer here on Steam. It's more informative than you'd think.)"
,Recommended,239030,15927117,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,mom,"Very polite title, which I appreciate. Most other games are so aggressively named, but Papers Please has the decency to ask nicely. Especially good given the nature of the game and its depiction of a totalitarian police state with strict and unwavering border control regulations. Juxtaposition is a great word to play in Scrabble if you can get your hands on an X or a Blank. Just wait until somebody writes ""position"" and then add the ""juxta"" with the biggest look of smugness you can muster. That's my favourite part of Scrabble. My favourite part of this game though is the achievement you can get for being arrested for being too honest. That made me happy."
76561198009314023,Recommended,239030,25297461,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CHRONIC_THEORY,"This game is not for everyone. However, it's interesting. Lots of reading and requires your full and complete attention, but still compelling."
76561198048498273,Recommended,239030,11280623,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SonofaGlitch,"There are a hundred reasons to buy this game:#1 - You like stamping stuff.#2 - The cold never bothered you anyway (so you don't pay your heating bill to freeze off your relatives).#3 - You enjoy looking at fat, naked, Slavic Transexual Smugglers.#4 - #97 - [ORIGINAL TEXT REDACTED] You are loyal worker to glorious nation of Arstotzka!#98 - You're bold and like trying new things, and really mean that, so you'll try a video game with the premise of roleplaying the part of a movie about a drone in a thankless beauracracratic job who break out of their Kafka-esque life by the film's third act where you never expect to break out because the fun is IN the beauracracy, not in escaping it. Not that this is that game necessarily.#99 - You like pressing flashing red buttons with words like ""fingerprint"", or ""search"" on them.#100 - But mostly, you like stamping stuff."
,Recommended,239030,8624881,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Luxurychoccie,"One of the most monotonous and dull dreary games I have ever played- yet one of the most addicting, and although dreary, is still a heck of an awesome game. I recommend this fully, although buying it on sale to be safe is good as it isn't to everyone's tastes :)"
76561198092520035,Recommended,239030,8160680,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Cosmos,"Nice game. As always the critics kinda go over the top with reviews, but I must say nice game overall. It's like at one moment you fell like a heartless *****red unchecking the food and heat and letting your son die (as he constantly gets sick in my games)      but then a couple comes through the checkpoint running from the tyrannic government of Antegria ( only happens once in the game but a nice little ""who am I"" moment) and they don't have the right documents. Nice indie game s little short hopeing former Naughtydog employee Lucas Pope makes more games like this."
76561197962135950,Recommended,239030,8018609,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Little Green Ghoul,"Papers, Please has to rank up there as one of my favorite gaming experiences of the year. You take on the role of border passport inspector for an impoverished East German-esque dystopia. Your job is to check each applicant's paperwork, verify their authenticity, and either approve or deny them entry. The graphics and gameplay are incredibly drab and monotonous, yet there are many well developed underlying story arcs, truly difficult moral choices, and an ever present sense of oppression that gives this game a unique and amazing feel all its own, and makes it hard to walk away from until you see it through to one of its many (usually grim, or at best, bittersweet) endings.This is a tough game to describe and sell to friends, because at its core, it's a paper-pushing bureaucracy simulator with pixelated graphics and a depressing mood, but it is so, so much more than that (trust me!). If you like games, or you even like a really interesting (and not too time consuming) experience, you owe it to pick up this jem for its bargain bin price.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8610745,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ö,My biggest dream has always been to become a fascist bureaucrat in a dystopean passport office 5/5.
76561198003347956,Recommended,239030,10778439,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zeus,"An interesting little game that requires a keen eye.  It's an old school game, so don't expect amazing graphics, but the core game play is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,239030,10590279,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Selth Blackwings,"Comrade, you need to buy this game and participate to gloriousness of Arstotzkayou willl not regret."
,Recommended,239030,8235385,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Grendel,"Amazing game. Just drop everything and play it now, it's that good."
,Recommended,239030,10592861,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,thegreathah,"Paper, Please is an interesting rpg that lets you, the player, to control you're life. Whether deciding to take bribes or to turn criminals in is your choice. This rpg also makes you think and go through a series of steps that actual border patrol officers would go through to allow people into a country. It is overall one of the best, most simple of games."
,Recommended,239030,7676211,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,sba.Ev3nflow,"You guys. I'm seriously. This game is STUPID FUN. Sure, it puts your brain to work examining work permits and verifying dates, etc but the spontaneous events really make up for it.If you don't have this game. Get it. Please.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,11162441,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,CatOnChronic,"Very Competetive, I like it"
76561198123502832,Recommended,239030,10590222,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,RylandH,"Best game I've ever played. It's like a mix between skyrim and wwe smackdown. The feeling you get when you deny someone from the great country of Arstotska is so satisfying that I shed tears of joy from pure excitement. 10/10 Papers are love, Papers are life."
,Recommended,239030,10269771,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bee,"The first game I owned on Steam remains my favorite game on Steam. Surprisingly keeps me occupied for hours and hours, doing what seems like should be a boring and redundant task. How this game was pulled off, I have no idea, but it was, and it's great."
,Recommended,239030,9119425,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Himwo,"Have you ever dreamed of having a dreary, boring job full of paperwork where you decide who gets to live and who dies?This might just be the thing for you."
,Recommended,239030,11241228,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,The Revenant,"A mundane, paper-pushing, dystopic, depressing little place. Well, being an inspector at the border of a crazy country does have it's perks. I get to see terrorists, drug-smugglers, murderers, and helpless familes either be denied or granted acccess. Why would you want to come to Arstotzka? I shouldn't even be online right now.....but someone has to................GIVE PRAISE TO GREAT COUNTRY. THE BORDER IS NOW OPEN AGAIN, AND I LOVE MY JOB. MAY MANY PEOPLE COME AND LIVE IN OUR GLORIOUS NATION!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,20711200,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dimitri,"I wish the game was longer,but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it is amazing.Glory to Cobrastan"
,Recommended,239030,8419946,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Croc Detective,"A friend of mine once remarked that there's no way to describe this game that still makes it sound fun once you've explained it. By all reason, Papers Please shouldn't be as much of a good time as it is. You serve as an unnamed male citizen of the Arstozkan Empire, employed by lottery to rigorously scan and verify documents at the newest border crossing station in your dystopian, communist nation circa the 1980s. The names are all changed, but you essentially control Checkpoint Charlie at the Berlin Wall, and it's your job to make sure illegal immigration in your sector grinds to a halt. If you fail, your impoverished family will starve and freeze even worse than they already do.But in spite of all its Cold War doom and gloom, Papers Please is a wonderfully intricate and engaging experience. The charm and humor of its characters, such as the permanently cheerful Jorgi Costava or the irascible Dimitri (Your supervisor, who stops by to inform you how bad you're doing each week) draws you in with each passport you process. Soon, you're reading your employee handbook to pass the time, determined to serve your country well and provide for your family. Or maybe you begin working undercover with the resistance, smuggling revolutionaries into the country with falsified papers. Or maybe you set up a smuggling business with a few regular border-crossers, and plan to flee the country yourself.With 20 different endings to unlock and hundreds of stories to hear, Papers Please is unique kind of game; one that defies the genres of the medium and forces us to think differently about our entertainment. I highly recommend you pick it up. And remember! Always read the daily bulletin!Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,25354788,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,🍩 Åtaman ℱeli✘  🍩,Canınız sıkıldıkça oynanabilecek bir oyun 20 farklı sonu olmasıda ayrı bir güzel ^^
76561197978192450,Recommended,239030,782217,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Mishka CSGOGEM.com,Awesome game get it now!
,Recommended,239030,25278201,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BarkingDoggy,"The gameplay is so creative, which explains why the story and gameplay go so well together.  The story is dark, but oh so outstanding.  There are so many little details in this game that make it as good as it is.  No matter what types of games you play, please pick this game up.  It isn't too hard but not too easy, yet the story still keeps that tension.  9.5/10"
76561198065299784,Recommended,239030,23149891,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NiTROACTiVE,"This is a great game, and it's also amazing how you can make a game based ona boring job really fun. The story is great, the gameplay is fun, the characters are cool (especially Jorji) and the graphics are really nice too. If you want a great challenge, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,239030,11086209,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ruckus in the House,10/10Would Jorji again
,Recommended,239030,7393890,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Ciao Time,The only game that's ever compelled me to consider filing paperwork as a hobby.
,Recommended,239030,13668731,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Delameko,"Rebel faction gives me $1k for helping them out.Move to bigger apartment.Neighbours report me for having too much money and the department of finance freeze my assets.Can't afford medicine for my son; he dies.I blame the rebel faction for my son's death, so hand the documents they gave me to the inspector.Government arrest me and throw me in jail for collusion.Such is life."
,Recommended,239030,8337057,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Call Me Burt,"I'm so conflicted... I love this game, even though it makes me feel very depressed/apprehensive about things. The reason why I like it so is beause of the masterful way the story is told. Games are a unique storytelling medium because of the level of interactivity. Really, no other media has that level of interaction (movies, books, comics, theater, music). What makes this game special is that through its mechanics and gameplay, the story unfolds. Line, hook and sinker the mechanics get you before you realize you're in too deep.Overall, if you play games for them to invoke some sort of emotion... This is it. Highly recomended."
,Recommended,239030,8022490,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Nongprajak,Obristan Above All.
,Recommended,239030,11046066,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,chomplet,Glory to Arstotzka!Who would have thought a game about checking passports would be so good?
,Recommended,239030,11139470,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,alpacasassemble,Strangely addictive and enjoyably stressful.
,Recommended,239030,8980738,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Archiepiscopus Flabrus,"This game is fantastic.It can be a little tedious, since you're... checking paperwork at a border checkpoint, but there's a certain something about it that makes you call 'Next!' with anticipation.  You never know what the next person in line is going to do, say, want, or be."
76561198040801231,Recommended,239030,10890856,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JoshJube,Such a nifty idea of customs checking with a soviet era feeling!
,Recommended,239030,11614368,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,-=TcG=- Nuclear Weasel,Who knew stamping passports could be so much fun.
76561198069571064,Recommended,239030,11615249,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,sierramikesierra,"This is one of the most unique games to come around in many years.  A cold war based theme set in 1982 where you decide on the entrance of people into your country, the ""Glorious"" Arstotzka.  The game difficulty starts slowly as you check the validity of people's documents at the border. This continues to build as more complex events occur adding more and more information to verify and new methods to test the stories of the masses.  At the end of the work day, you are paid by how many people you processed and penalized for mistakes made.  Your money is used to support your family, providing as good a living as you can for the necessities of life: Rent, food, heat, medicine.  It is a serious challege to process as many as you can while not letting criminals, terrorists, and other ""undesirables"" into your country.A word about the graphics:  they are intentionally low end to give the feel for what games were back in the 80's.  Nevertheless, what gamers often times fail to remember, it is the imagination that is the most important piece of play.  Many of you will recall how the BEST and most fun you had as a kid was when you had a tree branch sword, a pine cone grenade, or a fort made of boxes.  This frame of mind is nearly lost on the current generation as graphics have all but stunted their ability to dream and pretend.  This game deserves a look for the price, currently $5.  Those of you who remember the cold war era will laugh at the feel of the game, while those who do not may find that they actually have a great time with it as they strengthen ""the muscle of their imagination"" that has been dormant for perhaps their whole lives.  Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11623422,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,MichiganBro,Randomly let people through the border until my family died and I was hauled off to jail! 10/10
,Recommended,239030,9687118,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Aerburne,"A very simplistic game with an interesting mechanic surrounding everything. With 20 endings to unlock, this game quickly makes you like stamping documents and worrying more about threats on borders. A great little game, but probably worth buying when on sale."
76561198178159095,Recommended,239030,25178282,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ethan_Cookies,"I absolutely loved this game. It was fun and in every way lovable. It is also very addictive, it is that addictive that you are filled with sadness when the game ends. You get roughly around 10 hours of playtime in Paper Please. This game is by far one of my favourite games. It is different and unique and that is what I love about it. The music is wonderful and is perfect for this type of game. This game is great and fun."
,Recommended,239030,8468357,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TTJake,"A great game, But near the end, Get's a bit overwhelming..."
,Recommended,239030,10615940,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PastelSparkles,This game is cool. All of the things you do affect you or your family or the government. You have to make sure that the people who come through have correct documents and the longer you play the more you can do and the more you have to do.Would recommend buying the game just for the music and a few funny characters.
76561198041537392,Recommended,239030,10598344,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Suppi,"Highly addicting, holy cow. Just buy it."
,Recommended,239030,10792100,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheFearOz,"This game can be mentally exhausting given the limited time to react. It's a great game to play with your partner, one can focus on differn't areas to focus on. Great fun."
,Recommended,239030,10697191,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PurplePuppet,Do not pass up getting this game....I found myself playing this game for hours and had so many LOL moments!!!
,Recommended,239030,10594971,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MusicianofDeath,"Papers, Please is definitely an addicting game. It has 20 different endings, so there is replay value. Your first playthrough will really be entirely getting used to the system and to be as quick and efficient as possible, in order to maximize how much money you make everyday. Additionally, as a Passport Control Officer, you have to make decisions which will affect your character's, and your family's lives. Whether helping take down the government by letting terrorists through, letting people take vigiliante justice, denying people entry even though they may be executed if they return to their home country, or personally killing people to provide for your family. This is not ""Passport Control Simulator."" In this game, you really have to pay attention, and it is good for your brain, because you have to juggle multiple documents at the same time and remember dates and so forth off the top of your head on the fly. Not only that, it realy makes you question what you would do in these circumstances; help others at your family's expense, or only look out for yourself. Though it will get dull rather quickly, it is definitely worth the few bucks it costs."
,Recommended,239030,11629943,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,The_Manbat™,"Woman had family in Arstotzka, Had the correct papers, denied her entry.11/10 would destroy peoples lives again"
76561198006823454,Recommended,239030,10160683,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Vae,One of the most oryginal games I have ever played.Never could have expected that game about beign boarder control officer who is checking (well gues) papers can be s o intersting and often funny.This title is agreat example of an Indie Gaming. Hope to see more games of such type in the future.Glory to Arstrotzka
,Recommended,239030,13894320,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Med,Good for training attentiveness.Great game. Interesting world.Want some action or RPG in this setting.
,Recommended,239030,9348219,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,The Binding of Y.V.,"Innovative and with political jokes, this game pass the sensation that how would be like "" or was "" to work on the customs house of a country inside the ""iron curtain"". The have a well developed gameplay unlike the graphs that for being unnecessarily reduced often causes confusion. At the beginning of the game you have a low speed and limited options, however these options can be improved over the course of your career, the game also has multiple endings which makes it really challenging .The main idea of this game is simple, "" how fast is your ability to handle a huge amount of information and answer yes or no "" this idea (I believe) is  innovative and beautifully crafted in this game personally believe that this game had been created during an older generation it would be considered a classic for its difficulty.Pros :- Smart.- Creative.- Funny.- Different finals.- ChallengerCons :- Graphics unnecessarily limited.- The library ( Book / Manual ) is unnecessarily slow.- The oscillation of your disambiguation options is irritant .My Grade: 89/100Inovador e com piadas de gênero político, esse jogo consegue passar a sensação de como seria ""ou era"" trabalhar na alfandega de um país da ""cortina de ferro"". O jogo possui uma jogabilidade muito bem trabalhada diferentemente dos gráficos que por serem desnecessariamente reduzidos muitas vezes causa confusão. No inicio do jogo você possui uma agilidade reduzida e opções limitadas, porem estes quesitos são aprimorados ao decorrer da sua carreira, o jogo também possui diversos finais o que o torna desafiador.A principal ideia desse jogo é simples, ""o quão rápido é a sua capacidade de processar uma quantidade enorme de informações e responder sim ou não"" essa ideia é (acredito ser) inovadora e muito bem trabalhada neste jogo, pessoalmente acredito que se esse jogo tivesse sido criado durante a geração mais antiga ele seria considerado um clássico pela sua dificuldade.Pros:-Inteligente.-Criativo.-Engraçado.-Diferentes finais.-DesafiadorContras:-Gráficos desnecessariamente limitados.-A biblioteca(Manual/ Manual) é desnecessariamente lenta.-A oscilação das sua opções de desambiguidade é irritante.Minha nota: 89/100"
76561197962042274,Recommended,239030,8491020,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,scorpioloco,"fun and addicting, love this game"
,Recommended,239030,14375872,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,InterstellarOverdrive,"Pixel Indie Games are terrible most of the time but however I quite enjoyed this game!- It's graphics are not good- It doesn't have that much movement and actionbut- The game has lots of endings depending on your choices which is epic If you don't fail. ( I'd suggest you to try and get the endings on day 32)-Some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happens everyday!-There are small humorous charachters such as Jorji Costava who makes you laugh every single time.-The game is quite hard and innovative if you don't play it on the easy mode.-There are so many things going on other than checking documents!I----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------IPlus other than that YOU HAVE AN EPIC SONPlus Plus I really enjoyed the game and unlocked all the achievements and got almost all of the ending, I suggest It so badlyPlus plus plus- Help ''The Ezic'' all of the time or never help them-------GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!--------"
,Recommended,239030,13855138,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,intrepia,"In Papers, Please, you play as the newly-installed border agent for the fictional dystopian country of Arstotzka. Reviewing passports, forms, tickets, permits, scans, fingerprints, ID cards, and vaccination records against an increasingly complex and daily-changing set of rules, you are the judge of whether each newcomer is granted entry, turned away, detained, or even shot.Sandwiched among the ordinary visitors, travelers, immigrants, asylum seekers, and diplomats, you encounter characters whose future rely on your discretion. These encounters range from the humorous to the heartwrenching, and you have to decide whether to adhere to your guidelines or your sense of right and wrong, whether you're better off taking a bribe or accepting your piecework pay. Some of these decisions have gameplay consequences, while others are merely matters of conscience. Meanwhile, your ability to pay for your family's basic needs rests upon your ability to quickly and accurately process the line of faces waiting in front of you each day. To me, these encounters and decisions were the most compelling part of the game. The player is able to make interesting and consequential choices and either advance or hinder an underground rebellion movement, as well as the lives of individual people.Most of the time, though, you're just processing paperwork, and that's about as interesting as you would expect. The game does a good job of simulating the inanity and tedium of comparing item after item against rule after rule, checking for discrepancies; of pulling out the ""DENIED"" stamp, aligning the passport under it, pressing down upon the stamp, putting the stamp away again, and handing each piece of paper back to its owner. If you like details a lot, are a bit OCD, or enjoy spot-the-difference games, this might become curiously addictive for you, but even as I compulsively continued to stamp paperwork, I experienced a nagging sense that what I was doing felt more like work than fun. I played through the story mode twice for the achievements, and although I was much better at processing the paperwork the second time around, I also found myself thinking about how many game days were still coming with an odd sense of dread. The first time around, there was at least the tension of whether I'd be able to make it through the full month and get to the end of the story (on my very first try, I reached the ending where you run out of money very early on), but on my repeat playthrough, I felt like I had to go through a great deal of tedium to reach the few meaningful encounters that I was interested in experiencing again, differently.The game does feature several different ""endless"" modes, complete with leaderboards, but I see very little incentive to play them, since for me they remove the best parts of the game and keep the most dull. But if processing an infinite line of passports holds appeal for you, that option is available.One final note: the save system in Papers, Please is excellent. It uses a branching system that allows you to start from the beginning of any game day in any of your previous playthroughs and continue from there, making going back for achievements or to see alternate endings much easier than it might otherwise have been.Overall, I'd recommend this game for its unique concept, quirky humor, evocative decision-making, and immersive ambience. The story is worth seeing through to a few of its 20 possible endings -- but probably not all of them. Keep in mind, however compelling this game is, it's still a simulation about paperwork."
,Recommended,239030,10535091,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Phyraxic,Amazing game. Everyone should play it. :D
,Recommended,239030,11080621,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Lauren and Chloe play games,"Papers, Please is a game about the morality of beaurocracy. It's not necessarily fun; in fact, I think it's generally experienced as either mundanely boring or extremely stressful, but it's extraordinarily rewarding. You play as a border checkpoint inspector overseeing the entry of immigrants, returnees, and visitors into a fictionalized analogue of East Berlin under the Soviet Bloc, and the game follows your everyday life in your job over the course of one month. You have a family to feed and the political situation is worsening. On the first day, your job is easy: the checkpoint has just opened, so you only have to let citizens back into the country and keep everyone else out. The next day, the restrictions loosen and foreigners can be let in if they have the correct documentation. Soon terrorist attacks stop your days short and the security requirements tighten. From there, things get complicated.There's basically two parts to this game: you have to figure out what you're ""supposed to"" do and what the correct protocol is, and then you have to decide whether or not you should do it. Rigidly following the system of often sexist, transphobic, racist, classist, or just generally heartless beaurocratic policy will leave you facing the human results of those actions, but be too kind and your family will starve or you might be sent to prison. There's 20 different endings reflecting the variety of ways in which your actions can influence the game world, a standard RPG feature these days, but perhaps uniquely all of the most powerful moments in the game come on the way to those endings and not in them. It's a hugely moving and interesting experience, and the utilitarian faux-Soviet aesthetic of the thing never breaks for a second. One of my favourite games of all time.Glory to Arstotzka. Cause no trouble, friend."
,Recommended,239030,9129924,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PlagueDoctor,"Well then.  I feel like this will forever occupy the spot of ""A game that no sane person could comprehend without playing"" and anyone who tries to describe it will sound like either a madman, or the most boring man in existence.  Yes, it's a ""Paperwork Simulator.""  Or as Yahtzee put it best, a ""Beurocracy 'em up.""  And yet it genuinely is something worth trying.  I doubt it will enrapture everyone, it's definitely for the ""Art Game"" demographic - but it gets its point off well, and is a surprisingly engrossing thriller of sorts and there's a weird charm and atmosphere that takes you in, and while its still best played in short bursts - it doesn't get as repetitive as it might seem either.  It's not going to appeal to everyone, but if you want to try something that just might surprise you - this is a good offering at a nice price."
,Recommended,239030,9063170,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,R. Mandrew,PAPERS.
76561198040215054,Recommended,239030,11892749,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Duke of Skellington,"Sweet Jesus, it was only a matter of time before a game like this came along! So Papers Please is a game in which you run a Arstotzkan checkpoint in East Grestin. Needless to say, the game delivers a fun, yet challenging experience. Whether it be turning away ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or getting suicide attacked, this game is awesome.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,9213289,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Vlad,"this game is great. its hard in a good way and hooks you from the begining with the story and the graphics, it reminds me of communist russia and isnt that far off.you dump so much time into this and love it."
,Recommended,239030,10810456,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rickfos,"I've learned that I'm really good at following orders and screwing people out of their belongings. It's great for the game. I've also learned that I would have been a really good Nazi. Border Patrolling Nazi. Anyway, this game has great replay value and it's a lot of fun. 9/10"
76561198040586885,Recommended,239030,10664208,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cyclone_Joe,Document stamp simulator 10/10 would stamp again.
76561198039608647,Recommended,239030,10888863,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,zubisoft,"This minimalistic game with graphics taken from the ancient times of computer history, is actually a little jewel. Gameplay and story work tremendously well, reminding us that a great game does not always need the latest technology, but just a good idea well executed. Simple, addictive and different, absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,239030,10595914,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PSYKOSIS,"Pay attention to detail, otherwise your family diesGlory to Arstotzka"
76561198044222928,Recommended,239030,8722302,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jackie Smackers,"Papers, Please, a bare 30 meg download on Steam that turned out to be one of the most strangely absorbing experiences I've had with indie games lately, and like a mysterious rash, I've been taking every opportunity to get people to look at it. The elevator pitch would probably have turned off all but investors with the least amount of ♥♥♥♥s to give.Basically, it's a bureacracy-'em-up. You play a border-control guard in a communist country and your job is to check the paperwork of incoming travelers, interrogating them over discrepencies and making the final decision of red stamp or green stamp, except there's some kind of secondary invisible checkpoint that instantly spots ♥♥♥♥-ups and fines you if you missed them, so one wonders why we're even here.More layers of bureacracy are added to the process over time: passports, permission to travel, permission to work, permission to♥♥♥♥♥♥ permission to use run-on sentences, until immigrants are handing you entire scrapbooking projects and if they spell their name with a different vowel once, then it's off to talk to the nice men with guns in the building that people go into a lot but don't seem to come out of so much. But you get paid by how many you processed in a day, so it's hard to sympathize when you have to put Spotty McBumble♥♥♥♥ through the X-ray machine 'cos his passport says he's a girl and the last precious seconds of the day trickle out as you examine a picture of his hairy balls. Hey, you know who'd love to see your hairy balls? These nice men with guns!That's the beauty of Papers, Please; it presents us constant moral choices, but makes it really hard to be a good person. Virtually all your money goes to rent and food, so while you could waive the rules to reunite a couple or turn away someone with hairy balls so catastrophic they might level the city, you do it at the expense of your own family.You're a pivotal part of a thousand stories - some small, some big - and you have to decide if you want to create a better world or just look after you and yours. You're gazing up at a big complex state of affairs funneled down and glimpsed through the filter of your tiny little world of passport numbers and hairy ball sacks, the effect of which being that admitting someone that seemed legit and hearing the sound of the obnoxious printer giving me a citation seized my heart more than any number of dead mums.Yeah, I got quibbles. There's a lot of telling without showing and the booth upgrades are about as much use as a Wi-Fi connection in the Auschwitz prison showers, but the important thing is that a genuinely engaging paperwork simulator is far worthier of your time than the seventy thousand slightly engaging gunfight. EA would never make something like this. For one thing, it would remind them too much of their customer support services."
76561198207191799,Recommended,239030,20688595,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Russ Cabbage,"It's very entertaining and requires you to make actual decisions that give you actual endings, but you have to more or less follow the rules to get the longest timeline.It only gets boring if I've played for an extended period of time all at once, but every time I go back it's interesting all over again, which is nice. Characters are cute and act like real people. Pixelated style is very aethietic and smooth.YOU REALLY CAN'T DOZE OFF PLAYING THIS TRUST ME YOU WILL FAIL TERRIBLY. PLAY ONLY WITH A FRESH MIND. PAY ATTENTION. READ EVERYTHING.ABSOLUTELY.EVERYTHING.but yeah get it bro why you reading this?"
,Recommended,239030,8717952,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Drach,This is the best marriage of gameplay and story. Incredibly smart concept and flawless execution. The retro-gfx serve a purpose and are not only used for style and the music sets mood perfectly. No wonder it on so many GOTY lists in 2013. Go buy it!
,Recommended,239030,89871,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,KakerMix,The most stressful paper-pushing game ever. Game owns.
,Recommended,239030,7382619,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Sardonic,"After what feels like multiple lifetimes of data entry, this game was a wonderful treat in utilizing detail oriented skills.  This game is great.  Great graphics, great oppresive atmosphere, great gameplay.  I recommend the game to all, but especially detail-oriented people (truly detail-oriented people, not merely something said on a resume).It seems like the kind of thing that would get boring, but it really doesn't.  A healthy bit of randomness keeps the game fresh.  One of the best Indy games ever.Glory to Arstotska."
76561198032378764,Recommended,239030,8386055,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Reggie from Chalkzone,hey niko want to get a passport?no.0/10
76561198042790062,Recommended,239030,11017237,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Covfefe,This game is basically a desk organization simulation and its the best damn game I've ever played. I've never felt so much joy as when I sent a harmless women back to her♥♥♥♥♥♥bag of a country to die after just letting her scumbag husband trough. ♥♥♥♥ EVERYONE OF THOSE KOLECHIAN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S! 10 Sick Sons out of 10
,Recommended,239030,8208987,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,hosser UK,Finally hit 100% on this and have seen all 20 endings. Fantastically clever and deep little game which rewards patience and planning while punishing recklessness and short-term thinking. Love it.
76561198019191707,Recommended,239030,13201680,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Spira,This game is just great. I don't know what it is about monotonous stamping that is so interesting but its just fantastic. Having to decide how to spend the meagre pittence you can make each day is interesting and exciting - I really didn't want my son to die but what can you do when you live in a communist country with no money for medicine.WELL worth playing!
,Recommended,239030,10920777,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MostUnorthodox,My entire family died.11/10
76561198025983596,Recommended,239030,10825416,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[HQ]BuddistMonk,Ｇｌｏｒｙ　ｔｏ　Ａｒｓｔｏｔｚｋａ！！
,Recommended,239030,20473886,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Hiro,The most time I've spent looking up how to pass something then any other game ^.^
,Recommended,239030,21788021,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ABS_Page,"Papers, PleaseIs a very unique, fun, and challenging. It is not too simple, but not to complex, either. It has just the right balance that any game sould have, and I have loved every hour I have played.Glory to Arstotzka"
76561198115005220,Recommended,239030,19390865,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Idost,"Papers, PleaseIdost♛ 10/10it's a great game to relax after a game like CS: GO. You have to think about every move that you make in this game you create your Arstotzka how it will look. A very sophisticated game where you can do a service to people, for example in drug smuggling or they find the killer, this game offers options for playing spost and you must also pay attention to members of their families to give them something was missing and that they are ok otherwise might diefor me a very sophisticated game BIG LIKE"
76561198139006148,Recommended,239030,14307041,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dr. Ambiguous,"Quick Breakdown:A stellar game where you play as an inspector working at a border checkpoint between your communist country of Arstotzka, and the neighboring country Kolechia, which your country has just recently ended a 6 year war with.Length:2-4 hours (Main game), 8-10 (Completionists)Score:8.5/10Full Review:Papers Please is a truly unique game. Admittedly, it’s a pretty tough sell. On paper, the game sounds like it’d be awful. Even when I purchased the game, I wasn’t really sold on it, but I took a chance on it based on the ravings from my friends, and the low sale price of $2.50. After playing the game, I’m glad I did. It’s worth getting at full price even, but this is Steam, we all wait for the sales, don’t we?So why’s it a tough sell? Well, you play as an inspector at a border checkpoint. People give you their papers needed to enter, and you look over them and either let them enter your country,  deny them entry if their papers are not all in order, or even detain them if need be. Sound like fun? To me it didn’t, but maybe you can see the appeal there.So why is it worth playing? Odd as it may be, that very task I talked about in the last paragraph actually is a lot of fun. But there’s further reason that is even more compelling. You work for the glorious country or Arstotzka, at the checkpoint the border town of Grestin. The half of Grestin belongs to the neighboring country of Kolechia, which Arstotzka has just ended a 6 year war with. Your border checkpoint has just opened because of this, and people are once again allowed to enter Arstotzka for the first time in 6 years. This setting, and the people it brings through your checkpoint, and the events it leads to, are the game’s biggest strengths. You’ll encounter natives trying to re-enter the country, foreigners who can finally come to Arstotzka to work or visit, or even just pass through. There will also be terrorists, who aim to harm your glorious country, and it is your duty to deny and even detain them.The game’s story and dialogue are both well written. Your actions during the day (the gameplay portion, which we’ll get to in a moment) affect the story between days, and down the road. Both the one time characters passing through, and those who are recurring are interesting, and some even quite memorable. (I think everyone who’s played this game loves Jorji). The dialogue is quite good, and has plenty of memorable lines.So what of the gameplay? It’s done in a single screen, divided into 3 portions. Roughly the top third of the screen is a top down view of the border checkpoint, the line, and the guards. This part isn’t used too often for gameplay. The bottom two thirds of the screen are divided as well, the left third presents a first person point of view from your place inside your border checkpoint. This is where applicants seeking entry to Arstotzka come in and give you your papers. The rest of the bottom portion of your screen is where you can look at said papers up close.Now this is the part of the game that I think is the hardest part to sell someone on, but I’m going to try anyway. When the game starts, applicants give you a passport, and so long as they are a resident of Arstotzka with a valid passport, they may enter the country. You simply stamp all passports with either “approved” or “denied.”At the end of the day you will be paid 5 credits for every person you correctly processed. The first two incorrectly processed applicants will earn you a citation with a warning and no payment, each error after that will also incur a penalty docking some of your pay. Citations are reset at the beginning of each day.During this end of day phase you will also need to balance your finances, and decide if you have money to pay for heat in your apartment, or to purchase food for your family. If you’re not able to take care of them properly they can die. If they’re all dead, or if you run out of money entirely you’ll get a gamer over (there are other ways to get a game over, in total the game has 20 different endings). So it’s important to do your job well.On day 2 things become more complicated, and foreigners may enter as well so long as their passport is valid. On each passport you have various things to check for, a valid issuing city, that their photo matches their physical appearance, and that it hasn’t yet expired.As the days go on more documents and rules will be introduced. I won’t go over all of them, but you will also have documents for entry permits, work permits, and you’ll need to crosscheck the name and passport number -as well as other information- on these documents with what’s printed on their passport. Sometimes you’ll also need to fingerprint an applicant, or search them for weapons or contraband (can’t let the drug smugglers and terrorists in). You’ll need to go over the documents carefully, pointing out discrepancies, and even giving a proper reason for denial. On occasion you’ll need to detain some of the applicants instead of simply denying them entry.That about covers the basics of the game, so let’s move on to the graphics. They’re done in a simple pixel style, they’re not anything fancy, but they are pleasant to look at, and they help set the dreary mood of the game.And it is quite dreary working this sort of job in an oppressive country, barely making enough to care for your family and survive. The music is good, and helps compliments this mood, and so do the sound effects.My main criticism of the game is levelled at trying to point out discrepancies. Now, it’s not that I have issue doing this, I enjoy it. No no, my issue is that while you know which rule is broken, it’s not always clear how to properly point this out. Once you do figure it out, it’s a non-issue the next time you must deny someone entry for the same reason, and it’s not an issue most of the time, but it happens occasionally, and there’s not really a good reason for it.In the end though, Papers Please is a fantastic game. If you’ve not played it yet, hopefully I’ve been able to convince you to give it a go, if you’re on the fence though, I urge you to gamble on it anyway, wait for a sale even if you wish. Just make sure that you do play this game.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,13537130,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shadzow,Upgraded booth instead of paying for medicine. Entire family died.10/10
,Recommended,239030,7384746,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,RevanNaut,"Papers Please is a DAMN addictive game for something that doesn't look fun in concept.You have to constantly check for discrepencies to make sure you're not punished. When you're trying to get as many people approved (or denied) to feed your family and keep them warm, it gets really stress inducing.I HIGHLY recommend this game to everyone who like this type of game..."
,Recommended,239030,21812401,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,EEEEEEEZIC,this game has an understanding story and has choices that test your moral standards
,Recommended,239030,24626140,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Drink Bleach| Rest In Pepperoins,Papers. Plz is GG
76561198066130886,Recommended,239030,13326803,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Scorch-24,"A fantastic game from 2013. I wasn't able to play it until i had the urge to use steam as i am primarily a PS3 player, but i watched a bunch of youtube videos of people who played it and it looked great then. While it may look bland upon first glance; you are a border inspector checking passports and documents to decide who enters and who leaves and it isn't the best job to have in real life. In the game however this job becomes interesting as you encounter various characters that can affect you and events that you can choose or choose not to take part in. All of which change the course the story takes.I like how the game presents choice in the game. It isn't in your face about whether or not you should or shouldn't take part in the situations you come across and whether or not it is good or bad like the decisions in many bioware games. So if your roleplaying as yourself in the game you make the decisions you think are right. Or you can roleplay as something else and do what the character you are roleplaying would do.The atmosphere and asthetics feel right. The simple graphics give it an old time feeling that go well with the setting in the game. The main theme and sounds throughout the game are unique.The only bad thing i can really see about the game is that it may get repetitive on multiple playthroughs in the story mode as many events take place on the same day everytime. Although you can set yourself some challenges to spice it up a bit like a no mistakes playthrough. You may notice the same npc's in the same playthrough as well. Although you can set yourself some challenges to spice it up a bit like a no mistakes playthrough. The game has an endless mode as well so events are randomized and there are other game types in there.Overall it is a fantastic game to playthrough at least once just for the experience. It may not be appealing to some people but give it a shot.Glory to Arstotska! And Jorji!"
,Recommended,239030,30319893,Posted: 4 March,all,Cringy Emoji xD,"Thanks to terrorist attacks,i can pay my debts by shooting them.Realistic 11/10."
,Recommended,239030,24486429,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Armarsi ♥,"Fulfill your fantasies of being an inspector, inspecting documents and papers, shooting terrorists, committing high treason all to support a family in a dystopian fascist society."
,Recommended,239030,15113943,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,𝚂𝙴𝙼𝙿,"Good, fun little game - gets increasingly challenging as you go along, gameplay can get a little repetitive if you play it too much. Fun puzzle game, with an original theme that certainly adds to its attractiveness. Recommended!"
76561198085725714,Recommended,239030,8954444,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Jung Eun-bi (정은 비),Buy this game and stamp those passports
,Recommended,239030,8341947,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,☣headsNot,"For as simple as it looks, it really does ingulf you in the gameplay. Very fun and tricky game!"
,Recommended,239030,12193011,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Raysh,"Lucas Pope's Paper's Please is an oddity, in that it's a ""Dystopian Document Thriller"". Reminiscent of Orwell's 1984, Papers Please takes place in Arstotzka, a fictional country that resembles an Eastern European country during the Cold War. Here in Arstotzka, you are a border checkpoint officer, looking over the passports and documents of all citizens attempting to cross into glorious Arstotzka, making sure they have all proper paperwork, whilst also making sure you family doesnt starve to death or get sick.Whilst this seems like it would make for a boring game, Papers Please is probably one of the tensest games i've played. It riddles you with moral choices, decisions that affect your future (and that of your family), and the stress of taking care of 5/6 individuals, being paid based on your performance. You have to decide if you are going to let you're family go hungry so that you can help you co-workers, or maybe not have any heating, in exchange for letting in one too many people whose stories touched you. Maybe you'll find yourself aiding a terrorist organisation, or even a vengeful father. Or perhaps you will stay a hardworking, productive member of Arstotzka, with all which that entails.Papers Please is an excellent game, with unique gameplay, hard moral decisions, a large amount of replayability and a fantastic audiovisual aesthetic. It is truly unique, and definitely a game that everyone needs to play.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198314501876,Recommended,239030,28697347,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,koolkidash11,AWESOME GAME!!! BUY NOW!!! OMG! COOLER than ice
,Recommended,239030,10822339,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,C/Pissfox,"Arstotzka is best country. Help defend Arstotzka against Kolechian filthy terrorists. Do not fail, or a new inspector will be found. Glory to Arstotzka.In all seriousness, this game is fantasic, an instant classic. While the idea of a game based on how detailed you can be may not seem too apealing, the game is much deeper than that. In the post-war corrupt communist county of Arstotzka, every day is a struggle to survive, both for you and your family. However, you are not the only one you are looking out for: A man makes it through the checkpoint, and his wife follows, but does not have the proper paperwork. Do you let her through, accepting the consiquences, or do you destroy a family? Do you assist the mysterious group claiming to try to overthrow the corrupt government? Do you allow a potential terrorist through, if his bribe is good enough to buy medicine for your son? All of this geniously squeesed into a simple choice: Approved or denied."
,Recommended,239030,8334042,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Archonan †,"Papers, Please is truly a great indie game.The first day I played it was the day I returned from applying for my residency renewal. I can tell you, I felt like the tables were turned hahaha.Really creative game, captures the mood of bureaucracy in developing countries.It also reminds me of the U.S.S.R.The game is so realistic I would consider it a simulation."
76561198006597790,Recommended,239030,9438299,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Parky,"I absolutely adore this game, had a blast playing it. A bit of a dark setting but brilliant for a light-hearted playthrough ;)"
,Recommended,239030,11427511,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Landro,"This game is full of traps, if you know what I mean.Papers, please.Hmm, you are from Kolechia...DENIED! NEXT!"
,Recommended,239030,21916157,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,realbeanz,"Do you like games that make you think?Do you like games set in Soviet Russia?Do you like games that force you to choose whether or not to starve or heat your family members?If you answered ""Yes"" to any of the above, you should buy this game.If you answered ""No"" to any of the above, you've probably already been fined and jailed.Glory to Arztotzka."
,Recommended,239030,25339666,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,uiopy1,"Amazing game with an underlying story, moral choices, brilliant pixel graphics, and a little potato man who never has his papers in order. Glory to Arstotska."
,Recommended,239030,21280698,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,"Mike ""The Electric Fence"" Pence",This is what you call a great game.
,Recommended,239030,27055407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wabtt,A game with a basic objective but with a wonderful story behind it. There are multiple outcomes based on your choices which gives the game the replayable factor. the characters you see briefly already create a bond with the player.I enjoyed this game a lot and highly recommend.
,Recommended,239030,28588668,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,x d,Bought this in the winter sale!It was worth it for sure!
76561198051923737,Recommended,239030,28540713,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Stubacca Gaming,"This game just has so much to say and it says it in a wonderfully tedious way, making yet another point. Points were made, passports refused. 11/10"
,Recommended,239030,25210418,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Abbys,"A nice story a nice game!I dont spend a lott of hours in this game but this time that i spend it was a great time!I decide to end the game quickly with a s""""t and why? beacuse i dont want to try to do all the things in the game and i verry a noob at this games so yea but i RECOMMEND IT!!!!!!"
76561198017912501,Recommended,239030,22476576,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,thehairymountainman,"This game is amazing!Entertaining. Challenging. Unusual.For a week or two, my evenings were spent WORKING as a customs officer.Even has a branching story line depending on the decisions the autonomy of your job allows.I will never look at customs at the airport the same way again.10/10 would recommend to anyone with an interest in games outside of popcorn-COD clones and a brain!"
,Recommended,239030,26057746,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,K I N G N I R V H A N,"One of my favourite games so far! Storyline is rich and art style is oddly charming and the intro music is engaging to say the least. Discovered it through the Jacksepticeye playthrough series on YouTube. Only real critisism would be that after day 22 the gameplay really does become very difficult, and the majority of the possible endings to the game aren't very imaginative. Other than that, this is definitely worth trying out!"
,Recommended,239030,24188615,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Miguel [Purple],"Papers Please is one of the most unique and interesting games you can find on steam, not only is the gameplay addicting and interesting but the overall storyline, endings and possible outcomes make this game a must have. This game also has incredible replayablilty making you just want to keep playing it over and over again to either get better, waste time or find all the secrets. Another outstanding fact about this game is how much it makes you question what sort of person you are, will you do your duty to your country and do as they request? Or will you let in people who want to get in to escape their horrible past? Overall this game is definetly a 9.5/10 from me."
,Recommended,239030,28668135,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr.White,"Just a unique game , I fell in love from the first time I saw it ,already completed it once without steam. If you wanna experience something different I cannot recommend it enough. 10/10 would paper again"
,Recommended,239030,24503678,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,nanoKicko0,Obristan Above All.lololololololol just kiddingGlory To Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,9449953,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,DefinitelyNotTim,"Papers, please is a unique and interesting game, you're basically a one man border control and trust me, it gets more interesting...Just looking at someone's face and seeing if it matches the passport photo isn't all of it, a lot of minor detail is included so that you have to pay attention carefully such as expiry date on the passport and region they are from etc. Don't worry, you get a warnings if you get it wrong but any more than 2 mistakes and you get fined.As you progress through the story, it's gets more challenging and there is more specific requirements thrown at you such as workers have to present a valid work permit and certain documents are needed.When you finish work, you get your pay and you have to feed your family, pay for heating and if your family is ill; medicine.The worst part is to make wise decisions, such as sacrificing heating for your sons medicine, if you don't pay for the medicine, your family member might die and thats pretty depressing since your salary is quite low.Although it might sound boring, there is an actual storyline to it, some events happen and your choice of actions might change the story a bit. You'll be glad that everyone you meet are different.Also, you can get some grumpy people who can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off or you can get people who are desperate to migrate because of war and they beg you to let them in even though they don't have a passport. Decision making is pretty heavy in this game.Overall, its interesting and fun game. I recommend it to those who have some time to kill and those who want pursue a border control career ;)"
,Recommended,239030,20467882,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sparky,"If you want to feel like Rainman, play this game. Detaining a guy because you found one letter out of place amongst his four different pieces of paperwork is brilliant. However, it's also harrowing, considering this is Arztotska and the man you detained will likely never be seen again."
,Recommended,239030,20529953,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FedexST,"-Papers, PleaseWhat's the purpose of your trip?-Visiting Relatives-Duration of stay?-3 Months-Well your entry permit here says 14 days. *red stamp*10/10 Glory to Arstotzka EZIC sux"
,Recommended,239030,14100948,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,d3fault,This game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,239030,10898558,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MikeC,glory to arstotzka
76561198139189094,Recommended,239030,13130824,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pleblord Morgan,"Arstotzka is love, Arstotzka is life. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,10790005,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kieth Fay,This game is original and great. Arstotzka is also great.
,Recommended,239030,19837170,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,PsySpy,"Not all games should be about fun!--- Pros ---Good storytellingArt style and musicWill make you feel thefeelsThe puzzle aspect of the game keeps changing/adding rules--- Cons ---SlowBoringClumsy interface(this are not actually cons read below for further explanation)You play the role af an Inspector on a border checkpoint and your job is to put stamps on passports... You gain little to no money from your job and have to provide for your family.... You will see many people wanting to cross borders in hopes of getting a better life but you find a discrepancy on their documents and you reject their entry... because its your job!For this factssome might say ""Papers, Please"" is a slow, boring game with clumsy interface... and i will not argue with that...That is its purpose!And by doing this it makes it themost humane game i ever played! Your character is as miserable as the people trying to cross the border! From doing a monotonous and meticulous job to having to toss/move papers around, everything makes it belivable and brings you in to the reality of their dystopia!I found myself laughing, saddened, puzzled and even mad while playing the game. What more can you ask of a game?Mandatory: GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,17379532,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ᅚ,"Papers Please is a fantastic indie game. Despite the game being quite repetitive, it's uniqueness is reinforced through the intriguing storyline, funny characters and intense gameplay set in a dystopian fictitious country.+ Great Design+ Great Story+ Simple+ Creative+ Great Music+ Comedic- Not enough levels--VERDICT--Grade: A+Score: 10/10Recommended ✓Glory To Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,17866951,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ｍｉｌｏｓ,"The game might not be for everyone, but if you enjoy micro management/simulations then you should definitely buy it."
76561197965137886,Recommended,239030,19818383,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,chemaba,Very fun and unique game.
76561198159691333,Recommended,239030,19887054,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[NL]MD,This game is Awesome in a wierd way.Because.. you don't do much but it is so funny to play it's challenging and i love it!
76561198065388916,Recommended,239030,16013894,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,dwarfie24,Such as boring job. Seriously all you do is look at papers all day. You can even pull out a gun.Its so refreshing.  Kudos to mr Pope for creating this masterwork.Still be warned its dark and glomy. You may have to live with yous son dying. Its just so heart shattering when it happens. Here you work to almost death to save your family from hunger and sickness and then they go and die.
,Recommended,239030,8323208,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lo-fi Longcat,deny immigrants access to your country
,Recommended,239030,29815247,Posted: 9 February,all,Mildly,"I only picked this game up since Zero Punctuation's Yahtzee recommended it. After all, what sane person would get tingly below the belt for what is essentially a paperwork simulator? Well I would for one. Begin the story mode and you immediately have to start working to earn enough to support you're family you've never met while being careful enough not to get cited, fired, or imprisoned! And as simple as that may seem, there are so many possible things to watch out for, and so little instruction, that you will mess up completely on you're first run. Combine that with the high stakes for you and your family and you've got plenty of tension and atmosphere. Also the constant oppresive music is a nice touch."
,Recommended,239030,13303675,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Luff,"Papers, Please is the game that made me think I'm a terrible person. This game simulates a life in a totalitarian regime where you work on the border, deciding people's lives.  If you do good and let people who don't have a passport but want to go over the border continue, your pay will be deducted. If you don't have money, your family will starve, and if you don't have money to pay the bills you will be arrested. On the other hand, if you don't help the people you will feel like you are a terrible person. I made this mistake once in the game, and never again. I destroyed their regime, saved my family, but alas my son has died.I would recommend this game to everyone to check their moral codex, and especially to people in rich countries, so they can know what is like living in poverty."
,Recommended,239030,9625522,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,PvM Purcy,"One of the most inventive games I've ever come across, a true masterpiece, telling the story of a border agent in a fictional Communist nation Arstotzka, which has recently emerged from a 6-year-long war with neighbour Kolechia. Traveling to the border after being selected in the October Labour Lottery, you bring along your wife, son, mother-in-law and uncle, you must determine who is allowed to enter the nation, with the criteria for entry becoming increasingly long, to the point where entrants almost need a permit to open doors. The story is amazingly immersing, and I just can't stop listening to the endlessly looping menu music. A true masterpiece that demonstrates why indie games are the gateway into the games industry, with ideas like this Lucas Pope and 3909 are definitely going places.A truly 10/10 experience, and easily one of the best, if not the best, game of 2013."
76561198089781292,Recommended,239030,11385181,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Elbow Grease,I get to stamp passports.12412/10
,Recommended,239030,22840046,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,sambulance,A very immersive game! I would definetely recommend this game. It has a story so deep and It really challenges your moral compass. Very good game.
,Recommended,239030,7928306,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Druss,"Papers, Please is a game where you cannot judge the game based on gameplay alone, because let's face it - when has checking papers at a checkpoint ever been any fun? That's the point of the game; you do it because it is telling you a story - the story of a man who despite juggling responsabilities provided by a corrupt government and a terrorist organization; has to do his job to help his family survive. The story can and will go in any direction depending on what you do as the inspector, and even tests your own morality and ability to bend the rules for others in desperation.It is a gritty, unshaven and spirit-crushing masterpeace."
,Recommended,239030,17166571,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Charlie,"I just bought it today, and I have to admit. Wow! This game is so well put together! Seriously, it makes the concept of working look fun and interesting, and on some level action packed. Anyways, this game is highly recommended to anybody that thinks it looks interesting, because it is very fun.Any way I look at it, 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,12073049,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Omnifighter,"Keep the dirty Kolechians out off Arstotzka !!Report all EZIC moves !!Be confused about the genders and heights !!Forget to verify the stamps !!Arrest Jorgi Costava over 5 times !!Break a lot of hearts and families !!Kill all the terrorists !!Glory to Arstotzka !!-------------------------------------------------------Simple. Fun. Fast. Tense.Easy to perfect and fun to play.9,5/10"
76561198274779347,Recommended,239030,20536505,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,toodlybtuff,Good game
76561198116288622,Recommended,239030,20688059,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,The Ottoman Empire,"I denied a wife following a man, who was then sentenced to death in AntegriaI denied a sick Kolechian woman for not having the right papersI denied a woman meeting her son for the first time in 6 years.Such is life in Glorious Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,17844807,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,crnisokol,"It's a ok little game. Beat it in about 3 hours, but it supposedly has 20 different ending so I'll play it again sometime (probably)."
,Recommended,239030,20060188,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,maudibawakemana,It keeps me concentrating during work.100/10
76561198166017297,Recommended,239030,20029740,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Drago_Nero,"Papers, Please is one of the best games I have ever played 10/10"
76561198322014465,Recommended,239030,32975534,Posted: 28 June,all,T U X I C,"This game is amazing but at the same time horrible. The game's atmosphere and the npcs you see make the game interesting, VERY interesting.The game revolves around you being an immigrator inspector, testing your revising abilities. And thats the game, just checking for mistakes and making sure you come back home with enough money accepting bribes whe  times are tough to help your starved sick son. Although this game is very interesting and one of the most well thought out games ive played in forever, the gameplay is just boring for me, and sometimes you get penalized for the dumbest mistakes, like a person being an inch over the height his ID says he has or being a different gender after being too busy checking the persons fingerprint because the picture did not match and you let the person through because you are running out of time and your family is slowly dying but you can barely make any money at all to help them out and it keeps getting tougher andArghThis game was soo surprisingly chaotic when all you so is let people pass or vice versa. What I love is how  the people you let through can change the outcome of the world, if you let terrorists through the security will be reinforced, you can chose to save people that beg for your help  just in the hopes that they will give you bribes because your job has super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay.This game is strong all around except in its gameplay, but thats just me, I find it too monotone and repetitive, but thats just me.I think that 10 dollars is a fair price, 4 dollars is a steal for thr quality you get"
,Recommended,239030,1575215,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Bonedaddy Badger,"On paper, (no pun intended), this game has a pretty boring premise. See how much mind-numbing paperwork you can process in a day to make ends meet. It sounds like a level of enjoyment that can be achieved through the use of Microsft Excel. However, clever storytelling, surprising character development and a difficulty curve that increases as the layers of beaurocracy stack up, make this game intriguing and surprisingly addictive.It is 1982 in a fictional slice of Eastern Europe. The player becomes a border control inspector in the nightmare totalitarian state of Arstotzka, turning away impoverish families into the cold because their visas are a few weeks out of date. Or maybe you want to play the good guy and let a few desperate people slip through the net? But you also have a family to feed, and in this communist society, your salary is paid based on how many people you process correctly in a day. Too many citations and you’ll be the one left out in the cold.The simplistic graphics of this game are more than just nostalgia. They add to the impact when something shocking and unexpected happens. Like that guy with shifty-looking eyes strutting out of the ticket booth and shouting ‘GLORY TO KOLECHIA’, shortly before blowing himself up and redecorating the wall with the innards of your security guards.Your moral choices can alter the stormy political atmosphere, re-unite friends and lovers and deliver justice in any way you see fit. For people don't just live in the country. They ARE the country. I think my only complaint about the game is that it feels dry, sinister and clinical. I know that it was designed to be this way, but it means I can't play for any more than a few minutes before I just feel ... dirty inside ... and want to play something brighter, more colourful and happy.Nevertheless, Papers Please gets 9/10 from me. Glory to Arstotzka, komrade."
76561198171238315,Recommended,239030,15018156,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,danstew23,"This is the kind of indie game that I really like... it's obviously low-budget, and the graphics, interface and sound are totally old school. Yet, it doesn't matter, as the game itself is pretty unique and interesting... maybe even addictive.Basically, it's an exercise in concentration. Each day, your job as a passport-controller becomes more difficult. At first, there are like 2-3 things to watch out for. Each day, a new thing to observe and look out for is added, and so you need to remember more and more things to watch out for. Some of them don't come up for quite some time, but once you get too careless, you miss those things and fail.Fortunately, you can mess up a few times each day without having to pay a fee from your measly pay. Then again, the more complaints you get, the worse it gets, as there also is some kind of inspector who will judge your efficiency every once in a while.I recommend to write down the issueing cities from each region on a piece of paper... otherwise, you might lose quite some time checking every time.I have played this for 5 hours so far, in two sessions, and I notice that it really can eat away at your ability to concentrate, so I think this is best played casually... do like half an hour at a time so you don't burn yourself out.I really like the theme, as it DOES make you think a bit about how unfair the system in that country is, and you have to make some harsh decisions. There even are a few puzzles in there in the story-mode.Kudos to the developer... this is a fun little game, and to me, the old school graphics don't matter at all, as the core of the game is very well thought out, and it's fun!"
,Recommended,239030,9168773,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Summer of George!,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. This game is fun? Yes! You sit at a checkpoint determining whether a person essentially lives or dies. Some guy asked if I could let his wife in even though she didn't have the right paperwork, if I let her in I'd recieve my 3rd strike for the day (potentially game ending). So I did what anybody loyal to their paycheck would do, sent that ♥♥♥♥♥ to the Gulag. 10/10"
76561197970563452,Recommended,239030,11794609,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Rico The Saboteur,"Can a game of 'spot the difference' be good? Can a menial, administrative task be turned into a riveting game experience? I would have answered 'No' to both questions. We are very fortunate that Lucas Pope answered 'You bet! Let me show you!'."
,Recommended,239030,13368823,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tzzimy,"Unbelievably grim, sad, depressing, almost frustrating game. The world you live in has real stories, your decisions will have irreversible consequences, not only to the people you decide upon, but your own consience. Should you take care of your sister's daughter after your sister death, when your own child have no food for 3 days now? Should you let a wife of a just passed-through traveller, to enter when her papers are not correct, knowing that any penalty can cause you to have no money to pay for heat and your own wife is sick at home? Even your desk does not have enough space to put on all the papers that you need to check...A magnficent game, one of the few games that can really TEACH something to you and your kids, how real life can be sometimes, and at the same time, enjoyable with interesting twists in the storyline that makes every decision you make count until the end. It is so amazing that this simple but well-polished game was developed by a single indie developer."
,Recommended,239030,16625608,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ParanormalPancak,"An absolutely amazing game about normal life in a communistic society that shows how different the ideals between people and this so called perfect government really are. One of, if not my favorite, games that I own, it also has many hours of gameplay to be had that is constantly changing enough to stay fresh as you go through piles and piles of paperwork accompanied by crisp, clean, and satisfying sounds for everything that you can click on. 9/10"
,Recommended,239030,1476362,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Ürh,"This game accurately recreates what it would be like to be a bureaucrat working the border outpost of a communist dictatorship - your dayjob is mind-numbingly dull, the pay sucks balls (to the extent that you take bribes whenever you can or your family starves to death), and eventually the secret police will think you're a traitor and try and execute you.Yeah, this game is bleak, boring, and depressing. And yet I'm still stamping passports. What the hell?"
,Recommended,239030,9214762,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mix 'N' Mojo,"Stamp papers, get insulted, don't get payed enough, go back home where your son gets sick every other day and your neighbours are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,1795202,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,[MoS] Naelok,"This is a game about immigration.Your job is to check the papers of people that want to come across a rigid border between two countries. You get penalized everytime you overlook someone's serial number not matching or what not. It's trickier than it sounds and kind of interesting gameplay wise.But the pull is the story, I suppose. Your role as a bureaucratic cog is continually challenged by the actual humans on the ground. If you break the rules to let someone go through the border, you're costing yourself money and putting your family at risk. What I found interesting is that none of the rules you enforce are particularly unreasonable, but in practice they ruin people's lives.Take a step back from the Communism critique thing and you might think for a bit about the relationship between human lives and human laws.Give it a look."
,Recommended,239030,8651929,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Flying Purple Hippo,GoTY 2013
,Recommended,239030,22014831,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ilija,One of those games everyone should try out for themselves ;P
,Recommended,239030,3232837,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Heck'n Cool Doggo,Alternative names:- 'Racial Profiling Galore'- 'Navigate A Cluttered Desk Simulator 2013'- 'Your Family is Going to Starve And It's All Your Fault.'- 'This Job Requires Practically No Skill And You Still Can't Do It Properly'- 'Harass And Strip Search Gender Non-Conforming Immigrants'- 'Detain That Guy For Having A Minor Discrepency On His Passport'- 'Accidently Let Terrorists Through The Checkpoint Who Proceed To Blow The♥♥♥♥♥♥Out Of Everyone'- 'Why Do These Sex Workers Keep Giving Me Business Cards?'A Dystopian Document Thriller
,Recommended,239030,9928325,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"YES. If you like semi-eccentric indie games, then what are you waiting for?!This is a really fun little title with a GREAT storyline. There are some really epic story-line moments here."
,Recommended,239030,28555392,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Apes,*KACHUNK*
,Recommended,239030,8187402,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Shadow,"At first glance Papers, Please looks unassuming. Once you play it, however, you're engrossed into a very challenging and surprisingly well-told story. It has a lot of elements to keep you on your toes and is one of those games that does a great job of putting you in the shoes of the character you play. It's well worth the price.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,20255245,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bodomi,"Absolutely an amazing title, very original as far as I am concerned.You play a person that decides who and who can not get into your country. Rules changes every day as to who can get in, making it easier and easier everyday to miss stuff, so you better pay attention, the game requires your attention if you don't want to go in debt.You're faced with many moral decisions.For example one time a woman will be the next in line and she has valid papers but begs you to approve her husband, who is after her, who does not have valid papers. Do you want to ignore the rules and accept him into the country and risk going in debt or do you want to follow the rules of Arstotzka and deny him?Glory to Arstotzka.9/10, must buy."
,Recommended,239030,9400953,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,(laughing at own joke),"I really like this game.It show you the outcomes of your decisions, tests your morals, and provides an interesting story base. Not to mention it is in my favorite style of presentation!Just get, now. Go. Do it now."
76561197970565937,Recommended,239030,26988598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grunkzzz,"I really liked this game, the story is great and the mechanics are well done"
,Recommended,239030,10853378,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SaiiF,"Simple, very good and lots of fun. I recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,7931422,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,SF_Engineer,"Fun the first 5 or so playthroughs then you discover basically every ""Surprise"" and it becomes considerably less fun. Still though, on sale its well worth the price for its uniqueness"
,Recommended,239030,8616084,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Wizardman Jones,"If you told me that an Eastern-European bureaucratic paperwork simulator would be this captivating and addictive, I probably would have said ""That's not a game genre, no one would play that"".But it somehow both exists, and is amazing."
,Recommended,239030,13454108,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Febbe,Very nice
,Recommended,239030,28807312,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PaygonA,"Infomation -Brought this game because a friend recommended it, worth every penny. A game were you are border security is just genius, this is just a game were you can sit down and chill. Checking all of the passports is interesting finding out if they are fake or not and how the game developers slip in a few humorous jokes here and there just makes the game what it is.Details -Runs on low end devices / Single player / 32 bit graphics (fits nicely with the aesthetics of the game).Overall I would rate this game a 7/10 - December, 2016"
76561198098380683,Recommended,239030,23601786,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Julius,"An interesting and surprisingly fun Border checkpoint 'simulator' with an immersive,depressing 1980's communist  atmosphere."
,Recommended,239030,14175928,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ernyai,cant actually go the strip club 0/10
,Recommended,239030,34441833,Posted: 23 August,all,The Dark Soul,10/10 would mostly definetly recommendGlory to Arstotzka!
76561198091321519,Recommended,239030,34230227,Posted: 14 August,all,бабочка,"This is an important game, though it's hard to describe why.The core mechanic of the game involves accepting or denying entry into your particular communist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, from other various places. The choices you make through the simple gameplay mechanic are important to the story of the game, and the difference between accepting and denying entry can have consequences for the character and NPC. The variety of endings keeps the player on his toes, as well as the paranoia and fear someone in that position in the real world would have faced during the Cold War.It's not for everyone, but it's certain to connect with most who play."
,Recommended,239030,25402075,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bobe,Amazingly deep game. You feel as though your choices carry weight and that your morality is truely tested.
,Recommended,239030,25403514,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,V1_Russia,russian border servis 10/10 would let jori in again on crayon drawn visa
,Recommended,239030,30388149,Posted: 8 March,all,gsom,"Amazing game, one that changes the concept of gameplaying and brings back 8 bit nostalgia. Expect more copycats after this title. I did have one problem when I tried to play the game on fullscreen... the mouse just doesn't click on the bottom half of the screen. Please advise if there is a solution to this. Great game nevertheless!"
76561198044339341,Recommended,239030,11384491,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JimmyTheSaint™,Very original game.  Gripping story pulled me in and I was complled to finish it.  One of the most unique settings and game play Ive ever experienced.  Highly recommend this title for a change of pace.
76561197993646347,Recommended,239030,7395178,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Praxis,"Life of passport control officer very difficult but very glorious. This game chronicles such life. You are passport control officer on border of Arstotzka, keep border safe from terrorists who want besmirch glorious nation of Arstotzka. Check passport closely, don't take bribes, detain suspicious individual, buy stale bread for family. Life is hard but life is good. Glory to Arstotzka!!!"
,Recommended,239030,19257434,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,mark,Amazing Game 10/10 Would play Again
76561197975238415,Recommended,239030,19140862,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Jersey77,"Who would have thought that playing a game where you are a checkpoint operator in a mythical third world European country during the 1980s would actually be fun?It is.The story is as follows: You're a citizen of the imaginary country Arstotzka. Your name is pulled in a labor lottery and as a result, you've been assigned to a border checkpoint. Each day you meet different people who you must, based on whatever rules are in your rulebook, allow or not allow them into your country. At the end of each day you must decide how to spend what little money you make on your family (heating, food, medicine, etc...). Each day is a timed event so you must look over papers rather quickly.As each day passes another rule gets added or the number of papers you must examine increases. Eventually body searches and detaining are involved as well. By the end of the campaign your desk can get quite cluttered with passports, entry visas, vaccination papers, emissary ids, and various other forms and certificates.There are also various storylines each day. You meet people in different organizations, each seeking your assistance, and you must decide who you want to trust. This helps keep things more interesting.What you do along the way does affect the ending you receive.I like indie games. Lately some of them have been better than AAA titles. I'd put this game up in my top 5 best indie games ever list. Assuming I ever make one that is.Definitely get this."
,Recommended,239030,9705876,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Mr. Rain,"This game is more fun than I thought it would be. However, if you're like me and you have a ton of things going through your head, you might wanna wait until your head is cleared.What makes the game fun and challenging is the details that you have to look for as well as the names you might want to remember. It's a great game to have and with multiple endings there is a replayability value. I do love the save system where it saves your progress day by day and you can always jump back to the previous day if you might've missed something.Great game, great save feature, just make sure you're focused."
76561198035805058,Recommended,239030,35093419,Posted: 20 September,all,Ithilwen,A fun little game perfect for anyone who loves details.
76561198125474267,Recommended,239030,34975589,Posted: 15 September,all,rbpuri1,Just awesome
76561198258136873,Recommended,239030,35096027,Posted: 20 September,all,100Logans,10/10 would detain againGlory to arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,13773231,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SaltSalesman,"Extremely immersive because the entire game plays out pretty much how it would in the real world. That is to say, the 'gameplay' feels very authentic and realistic.The theme of the game is believable, and I really felt like I was struggling to keep my family fed/housed while playing it. On that note, the game is rather depressing and provides a realistic look into a really lousy life."
76561198032172675,Recommended,239030,15540475,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,jenni_pea,"This game is near to perfect. I would recommend *everyone* to buy it, even if you're not planning to ever play it. So go ahead, do a good deed and reward the developer for his brilliant ideas. Never thought 8-bit graphics, repetitive music and monotonous gameplay could make up to such a gripping and stirring (and also fun) experience.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,13413671,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Fatal'z Nutz,Gave me an ulcer. 10/10.
,Recommended,239030,10705202,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AshGooner,An excellent simulation of UKIP immigration policy.
,Recommended,239030,10707603,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,chainsawguts,Bureaucracy is fun!
,Recommended,239030,12700913,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Potating Potatoes,"Very enjoyable game! Have played this a lot and plan to play more, more games like this please!"
76561197962309135,Recommended,239030,25372262,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sheepdog,I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS!This is one of those games I was not expecting to enjoy as much as I did.
,Recommended,239030,28995791,Posted: 3 January,all,tfw no gf :(,Helped me train for my position on Donald Trump's wall 10/10
,Recommended,239030,32875137,Posted: 27 June,all,⚛ Toan ⚛,I had to write a review for Stickers.Glory to Artztoka.
76561198143172504,Recommended,239030,32422552,Posted: 14 June,all,Mush_Murphy,So apparantly paperwork is fun.
,Recommended,239030,17638138,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Deceased Crab,"Engaging and entertaining. It will punish you a bit if you have poor attention to detail, but it does a good job of hooking you in and making you care about Arstotzka and the neighboring countries."
,Recommended,239030,9068938,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Joe,A miserable soul-sucking game that makes me hate myself. GOTY.
76561198034155498,Recommended,239030,19665528,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,formlessform,"Really great, unique, fabulous game playing a Border Control Officer."
,Recommended,239030,20694437,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,It's Gumby,"This game is pretty much in a class of it's own. I'm surprised original ideas are still coming out of the woodworks these days, and boy am I greatful for a gem like this.If you're a closet xenophobe, who enjoys dark humor, this game might be for you.Seriously, who knew a stamp simulator could be so much fun."
,Recommended,239030,11453855,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Skoular,It is fun and sad and makes me angry
,Recommended,239030,12231523,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,reyn,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,31430698,Posted: 28 April,all,My_name_is_hamid,"Awesome game, may seem boring but it is tons of fun."
,Recommended,239030,11612423,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,[TBR] baka,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,10496138,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Henrikkk,"I find the game monotonous and dystopian, yet I feel it appeals to me quite well."
00120321789504843,Recommended,239030,13795857,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Schrodinger,Glory to Arstotzka . Want entry ? Get a permit and a passport .
,Recommended,239030,13181360,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ZSuяf,-It says that you're a male.-The passport is right.
,Recommended,239030,16889358,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,The Psychotic Snivy,"I was♥♥♥♥♥♥at it, but it's great. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,11474409,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,LevFendi,"The most fascinating part of Papers, Please is how so much can spring from what looks like a boring desk job.To be honest, you are doing approximately the same stuff every day, but there are so many subplots and rule changes going on that you always have something extra on your mind other than the paperwork you're checking. The game is also excellent for keeping you on edge and questioning your morals. You'd be surprised as to how many different endings the game has."
76561198071858050,Recommended,239030,11043495,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pornstache Mendez,"Game is so addicting that I want to punch a hole in my computer screen.  It makes me want to steal candy from a baby and then smash it on the ground infront of them.  How could someone in their sane mind create such a disgustingly addicting game.  This game is more addicting than Angry Birds, Candy Crush, and Flappy Bird all mashed into one sandwhich put together on a plate of annoying gold!!!!  This game is also very difficult!  Have you ever tried to tame a dinosaur!?  If you want to tame a dinosaur, good luck, because you have a more difficult time playing this game than taming a live velociraptor!  NOW SOMEONE TELL ME HOW I RETURN A GAME!!!!!!!!"
76561198137184142,Recommended,239030,11110999,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,God,I named my son Jorji after this.
,Recommended,239030,10963333,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ReallyFlakey,Best game ever. Much emo.
76561198040374549,Recommended,239030,12690102,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,FrankeeCashew83,"Addicting...very, very addicting.   :-)"
76561198261609044,Recommended,239030,30968643,Posted: 5 April,all,Asian Bran,whats your favorite button? mine is the detain button
,Recommended,239030,15129982,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,hard game
,Recommended,239030,7745337,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,doolie,"Papers, Please is one of the most innovating and impressive games from this year. Being a sort of point-and-click game, Papers, Please excels in the way it uses it.You take the role of an Arstotzkan border controller who regulates the border checkpoint in Grestin, Arstotzka.You must earn money by doing your job accordingly and with as few errors as possible in order to feed and protect your family, as well as keeping them healthy and living under a roof.The game focuses on the basic mechanics of point-and-click, but uses this mechanic in a very different way by allowing the player to check entrees' passports as they attempt to enter the country of Arstotzka. Your duty, as border controll, is to make sure that only people with valid documents enter the country.If you make any errors, small amounts of your salary will be held back, and you may even allow in a terrorist if the person that you allowed entrance carried a bomb and you forgot to x-ray them because they had expired documents, for example.The game has a very simple art direction, as well as a very simple sound design. Lucas Pope, the creator of the game, really nailed it with Papers, Please, as he created something inspiring, entertaining, and very different.Papers, Please is one of its kind, and is one of those rare indie games that you should defnitely try out.The only complaint I have is that the main story is too short, but even so, the game has a freemode and so you can continue to play on without focusing on the main story, even though the main story is crafted in a specific way and has its own events, the freemode is very fun too.No more needs to be said.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,7886784,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,-Bader..,"Simple, but great!"
,Recommended,239030,2015927,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,{N} Olse,"You have been chosen for glorious position at East Grestin Checkpoint! Enjoy Arstotzkan beauty as you walk to your magnificent office! Smell the Arstotzkan stamps! Get pleasure from many happy and foreign faces! Enjoy the tales of your comrades! The war is over, make new and wonderful friends! The Ministry of Admission is counting on your judgement and your loyalty to Arstotzka! Happy people come from swift processing! Inspect all discrepencies, or else we will have criminals and malcontents in our glorious country! Suspect everyone, glorious comrade Inspector, and bring Glory To Arstotzka![DO NOT READ FIRST LETTER OF SENTENCES!]"
,Recommended,239030,8161518,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TiGGaZ,Papers Please is an awesome idea that might look and be simplistic at first view but with a great story behind it and its guaranteed fun for people that like to stamp papers all day.A good choice if you like indies games with interesting ideas and well executed. The storyline and endless mode can give you lots of hours of fun.
,Recommended,239030,8401818,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Velh0,"With over 20 hi-standard awards achieved already, Papers, Please is seriously ONE OF THE GREATEST GAMES  published in 2013.It's old-school, it's innovative, also imo beautiful in a classic way in its brutally simple appeareance and it made me laugh out loud few times (can't remember when single-player made me actually laugh :D). The concept itself is let alone just brilliant but when laced with a great storytelling in which player can impact and with a gameplay that enhances the back-to-the-childhood feeling you get, Papers, Please is one to remeber. Just the ancient-sounding theme music brings an amused grin to your face - a reminder of the good old times. This is not easy game by any means, requires some brains and sharp eye but not in an annoying way. I found the difficulty very fitting and enjoyable.Papers, Please may not offer something to play for a very long time right away (depends on person), that said it will surely exceed its value by far anyway in the hands of an average gamer. On the other hand I can see myself returning to this game in future, similarly as with e.g. Max Payne, DOOM, etc. I do not want to give spoilers - one's has to experience this game like it happens in it's story - out of the blue. As I fancy 2013 not a great year regarding to game releases I am glad I have now something to remember and to recommend to fellow gamers.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8541724,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TheWrath,"I was engaged withPapers, Pleasefrom day 1 and was impressed by the amount of polish to this perfectly realized indie title. The catchy music fits wonderfully and adds the right amount of lightheartedness to the experience. The sound effects, especially the crackle of the booth loudspeaker, are all excellent and help create an ominous Soviet vibe. I found the pixel art to be just as charming and appropriate as well.Equal parts border checkpoint simulator, communism survival game, and dystopian thriller,Papers, Pleasetasks the player with surviving each workday as a newly ""hired"" border crossing agent of a fictional dystopian communist state. Each day adds something new to the mix, which could include (but is not limited to) a new rule to adjust to, a new booth upgrade to incorporate, or a new plot development, all of which help to keep the simulation gameplay from becoming monotonous. The better the player is at noticing small details or discrepencies and his/her ability to react to them quickly, the more money and rewards they will acquire and use toward their family's survival.I especially liked how you could go back and restart from any day you've previously completed and the game will create a new path branching off from your old playthrough. This is a feature I would love to see incorporated in other games, as it makes playing through to see different outcomes (this game features 20 different endings!) so much more enjoyable.I can't wait for Lucas Pope to announce the sequel.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,1743108,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"Quite possibly one of the most engrossing little games I have played in ages. It keeps you on your toes as well as keeping your interest in the story you make for yourself by your actions. No matter how minor a decision is, it WILL mean something."
,Recommended,239030,7813181,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,zsimbe,Damn fun
,Recommended,239030,7830357,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kicks,"Papers Please is the perfect example of gameplay and idea, over graphics.  In this day and age, we are forcefed fantastic graphics over what normally turns out to be marginal gameplay.  This game may not win any awards in the graphic and sound department (Indie game title), but the gameplay is surprisingly eclectic.  Without spoling anything, you are solely responsible for the admission of people in to your glorious nation with communistic undertones.  What seems like a very simple idea, quickly becomes nerve-wracking as you balance the wishes of your government with the need to maintain your family.The interface is functional, it does what it sets out to do.This game claws at your personal ethics and viewpoints, and challenges you to do it efficiently.  The only reason I have not played more, is due to being snowed under and having limited game time.  I suggest you prove me wrong."
,Recommended,239030,8241224,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kassan6ra,"You check papers at border control. All is dull until the first terrorist attack happens, cuts your day short and you realise you are falling short in providing for your family. Then the bribes start. The rebels approach you. Your country oppresses you. A handful of dilemmas and 20 different endings make this game worthwhile.  Even if what you mainly do is check papers. Do try it."
,Recommended,239030,8405729,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,cheesy,No seriously. You should get it.
,Recommended,239030,7779968,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,A Spooky Dog,"A fun little game if you're looking for an evening to kill. Starts off pretty easy, but soon you'll start to feel pressure as the difficulty rises and you inevitably make some mistakes along the way. The game is unique and has a way of pulling you into its universe.Not for everyone, but I recommend it regardless."
,Recommended,239030,8803030,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,honeycombes,"There will be several instances where, throughout gameplay, you will yell out, ""I do not have enough room to do all of this."" -- and this is exactly the game's purpose. Working for a totalitarian government is not supposed to be easy, nor is it supposed to be accomodating -- in fact, it is simply exhausting. It feels like work, it is work, and by the end of your day, you feel more and more broken down. The first rejection was hard, then the 500 more just become a statistic; their faces become blurs; their stories become muddled; your morals become bland. Their pleading for your mercy only becomes time wasted to accumulate enough money to feed your family for the day, if they are still alive that is. Friends are murdered, families grow sickly, and the innocent with nothing more than a typo on their passport are hauled away to a place only God knows of. ""Papers, Please"" is nothing short of brilliant, where you will be stunned as to how a pixeleated game could conjure such visceral emotions out of you -- thereby also realizing that effective storytelling is never a matter of graphics.5/5"
,Recommended,239030,8401992,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Macoli,"This game is fantastic! It may look boring, but is certainly not!"
,Recommended,239030,10344453,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,☆ jannepuh,5/5
,Recommended,239030,9127513,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TraskNari,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198054128170,Recommended,239030,9460507,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,The crumpet king,"Fun in a strange, mind numbing sort of way. It makes you feel like the colour brown looks, sort of sad and depressed."
76561198080983210,Recommended,239030,10123029,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,kebediah,if you have a touchscreen this game is a must in my opinion
,Recommended,239030,9610473,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Iacus,"Brilliant game that integrates an -on the surface- monotonous gameplay that gets increasingly convoluted with an unraveling story full of real moral dilemmas. No ""Save/Harvest"" here, often both your choices have drawbacks and you must weigh their long-term consequences against the short term benefits (or vice versa).The music and the fantastic pixel art style depicting a soviet-like dystopian setting elevate it to genius level."
,Recommended,239030,7925333,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,"D. Stitz, Esq.","This game should not be fun. You scan through paperwork and split families because of bureaucratic nonsense. But for some reason, it IS fun. It's addictive, it's clever, and it's a great laugh.Buy this game. Seriously."
,Recommended,239030,10384338,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,JustEwan,Vladimir Putin would be proud
,Recommended,239030,9082403,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,alkazar,"The premise is simple, yet the game is incredibly deep and nuanced.It is comical and deadly serious at the same time.The tension created by the need to support your family through processing as many people through the border as quickly and accurately as you can is palpable.I can't stop playing this game! Glory to Arstotzka!Linux/SteamOS compatibility notesController support: N/AFullscreen support: YesUses dialogs outside of game: Yes (Steam dialog on startup to choose between fullscreen, windowed and software rendered fullscreen)Other Issues: None"
,Recommended,239030,10694003,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,e.mo.tion,I LOVE THIS GAME I LOVE THIS GAME I LOVE THIS GAME I LO
,Recommended,239030,8940134,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Maxx Madoublex,"DENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIEDDENIED/10Oh no wait, you're free to go."
76561198022493464,Recommended,239030,15764159,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,What the chicken!,"It's almost like work, except there's a plot!"
,Recommended,239030,8387453,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mordin,Just like I imagined living in russia would be like.
,Recommended,239030,12714636,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TricKstA,"A game for the ages, and seemingly made ages ago. Plain graphics with pixels a plenty; Papers, please is the simple, and yet addicting game that will separate itself from others. You micromanage by approving or denying citizens through passports and other documentation. Worth a try once you time the steam sales right."
,Recommended,239030,13159076,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,「Ⓜ Ⓐ ⓨ Ⓞ」,I didn't know that a simple game could have this complicated and addicting story.8/10
,Recommended,239030,8208188,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sh0ck,"As this is NOT just a game, Arstotzka isn't jusy any city, but could be any in which civil rights are denied starting from its frontier (as the diversity of names in the game, Arstotzka could be France, Norway, US(Tsa? :>), literally ANY COUNTRY)Well Played."
76561198070673596,Recommended,239030,7985461,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Microsthane,"This game is amazing, it's hard to believe a game that's completely comprised of stamping passports would be so entertaining, but it is. The story is great and the choices force you to make hard decisions that can be emotionally testing. Glory to Arstozka."
76561198040923434,Recommended,239030,8035403,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Namekujisennin,"This is a game I quit half-way through, probably never will play again, but yet recommend strongly.As a foreword, bear in mind that I am an oversensitive wuss that gets uncomfortable by the random killing I commit when I play a GTA game.The game puts you at the forefront of the misery and violence of the modern world : the visa check-in. It will resonnate strongly with whoever had to be familiar with such situation.Fellow reviewer Brandon Cackowski-Schnell stated on multiple occasions he was amazed and scared at how the game turned him into a robotic mostly uncaring machine, just to protect those dear to him. In my case, the reaction was the exact opposite : I couldn't cope with the harshness of the job and so I did what I love to think I would have done in real life in such a position : I quit. (Please don't ask my in-game relatives what happened of them ;)In that sense, as Dark Souls, I think it truly can be the closest you can get to a real role-playing game on a computer."
,Recommended,239030,7964719,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Clams,"""Papers, Please"" is an amazing puzzle game, probably one of the best I have ever played.  This game requires quick thinking and reflexes to make sure you put those back to where they came from."
76561197967793787,Recommended,239030,7891365,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Che's Neckbeard,How did a horrible workday paperwork grind in a depressing as ♥♥♥♥ situation become fun?
,Recommended,239030,8540640,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,That Guy,"Papers, Please is a strange game.  The gameplay is entirely monotonous: someone hands you documents, you cross check these documents against a set of ever changing rules, point out any discrepencies, repeat for several hours.  Despite the seeming simplicity, PP is incredibly addicting and I ended up completing it in a single sitting, something I haven't done with a video game (even short ones) since high school.Maybe it's the moody atmosphere that's as disturbing as it is darkly humorous.  Maybe it's the idea of having absolute authority over the lives of these virtual citizens.  Whatever the case, PP is worth every cent."
,Recommended,239030,9838281,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,BadgerMole,"It may seem boring, but it's not.The sound of the stamp is so satisfying, you just want to continue playing, but that's nothing.The music, the story, the choices, it's all great.The level of uncertainty that I've had playing this went through the roof.I have had second thoughts constantly.""Where they clear? Did I do it right? Did I miss something?""You worry about so many things when you send them on their way after Approving/Denying them entry.This all happens in under 2 seconds.The sound of the paper printing has got to be the most terrifying thing; when you know you missed something important, you almost hate yourself for not noticing.10/10 BUY THIS GAME NOW FULL PRICE; if you're into that"
,Recommended,239030,7843719,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sleepy Cloud Bear³,"Are you a racist? Hate illegal immigrants? Got a power-complex? Love admin work? Love getting ladies after your sausage while you're at work? This is the game for you. Papers, Please is the fast-paced-immigrant-denying-hookur-absorbing-admin game you've been waiting your entire life for.Also, paper cuts on my horn give me the horn."
,Recommended,239030,16558336,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NoSignaL_,"I found this game on YouTube from The Yogscast and Nerd³ a long time ago, finally decided to buy the game myself from all the good reviews it got"
,Recommended,239030,13543293,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Liron,"ניירת,במטותא"
,Recommended,239030,8462951,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Raccoon Thing,I like my videogames how I like my coffee:As bleak as this reality we are born to die in.
,Recommended,239030,23941032,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pvt. Skelly [29ID],"You play as an Immigration Inspector. You need to let all the minorities into your country to bang your wife. After one of them suicide bombs the gate you work at, you're also required to address them as ""sir"". In the end, the government murders you in order to give your job to an immigrant."
76561197960863289,Recommended,239030,13093712,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Elegit,"I genuinely love the atmosphere of this game, it was masterfully crafted, on every level, the graphics are simple yet oddly charming, the gameplay is solid, and actually requires your full attention, the spirit and story of the game is VERY gripping, and the fact that its a constant battle with your better judgement and your emotions really all just blends in to a perfectly crafted game. easily a 9/10"
,Recommended,239030,11974361,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Dmejd,https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b3z99Bh8LwY
76561198210934692,Recommended,239030,23272681,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Realitybrew,i like it alot but it gets broing quickly so i dunno but it was goood i got the good ending i was very happy happy :)
,Recommended,239030,7816890,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Positron,"Paper, Please. is a boring, monotonous game where you do the same repetitive task for multiple hours with little to no reward. What little story the game does present to you is extremely basic and unfulfilling, definitely not worth the time investment, not to mention the premise for the game is heavily inspired (some might even say ripped off) from classic works such as Orewell's 1984. Obvious moral choices serve only to hinder you, and as a result the game can tend to leave you feeling lonely and depressed. On top of this, obvious quips in the game are more insulting than they are funny, such as the obviously Soviet Bloc world map using the United States of America instead of Eastern Europe, and the unfair treatment of transgendered people. This short, repetitive game is not worth anyone's time, let alone money. 3.4/10"
,Recommended,239030,10590553,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kenuty,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzysesuWPO4+Great gameplay+20 endings+endless mode for replayability+catchy music+10 dollars+For the glory of Arstotzka+Many little events that you decide makes this really fun+Innovative gameplay, Whats next? SHOW ME YOUR TAX PAPERS PLEASE!-Might not be everyone's cup of tea"
76561198028506660,Not Recommended,239030,29703212,Posted: 4 February,all,Suitcase,"I agree with what a lot of other folks say about this game, that it's art and tells a compelling story and gives you an interesting dichotomy in helping yourself and helping others.  There's a number of different ways to play it, and it forces you as a player to make interesting decisions.  I bought this game on a steam sale some years back and begrudgingly played through it to my intended (and favorite) ending (20).I can see why this game has a lot of positive feedback and love and everything, but ultimately it's not something I would recommend to anyone interested in having fun, or enjoying themselves.  It has a solid theme, it plays with its elements very well and keeps things interesting- but it was not for me. I'm glad to have finished playing it but I don't think I'd come back to it or recommend it on the basis of what I enjoy in games.That said, it may be fun for you- there's certainly a bit of a rush I got in finding discrepancies and tension after approving someone to see if I get a citation.  Glory to Arstotzka.  Glad it's over."
,Recommended,239030,12690667,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
,Recommended,239030,18848045,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kidvertigo,"'Papers Please' is not just a game, it's a complete art statement.This simply looking game impressed me more than many good books and movies i enjoyed lately. And for sure it raised some thoughts and ideas. Also i find very amazing and inspiring the fact that this game was made entirely by one person. I would really be happy to be as talented as this guy."
,Recommended,239030,13460220,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Scubacide,Great game!
,Recommended,239030,18923629,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TeM0,"Papers please is a great game, the story line is good and all the achievements you can get is nicely made.In my opinion I think it is one of the best games of 2013, The randomized falses on the passports can make the gamemore challenging because you dont know if the next foreigner is allowed to go through or not.7.5 out of 10. - The story can get a little repetitive at times but it is still a great game."
,Recommended,239030,18580322,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TyCooper8,Paperwork Simulator 2013
,Recommended,239030,18834771,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Roundaboot,A fun little indie game that makes you try to survive the dangerous world of bureaucracy9.3/10
,Recommended,239030,16515813,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Puhtaedo,"This game is really fun. I love the challenging aspect to it. You have to make sure not to screw up or they take  money away from you. Without money, your family is screwed. No, seriously."
76561198042548652,Recommended,239030,19390829,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,snakeyjake,"It's been quite a month. New house, new job, new responsibilities. Work was hard, but an honest day's work brought an honest day's pay. Of course it's never really that simple. Everyday, from my little booth, I've had to make decisions that could affect people's entire lives. It's weighed pretty heavily on my own life, and possibly more so on my family's. It's been incredibly stressful, and I've done some pretty dark things. I've seen innocent people taken away, I've stolen and taken bribes, I've even killed. But what else could I do? I had people counting on me. Tensions built and something terrifying was brewing in my country - in the end I did what I had to to protect my family.I hope one day we will be able to return to the new Arstotzka, and my son will be able to see what it was all in aid of. As for now, we're safe, and I owe an old friend a few drinks."
,Recommended,239030,8058323,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,mjeed0,the game come with epic  idea
,Recommended,239030,4572389,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Queen D,"Papers,Please is the best game ever and ever will be.If you have:-One of the following University degrees or areas of interest: Political Science, International Relations, History, Sociology, World Wars, Cold War, Socialism, Discipline, Law.This is a different kind of gaming experience. Some will fall in love with it, some will hate it.You are a Border Officer in a socialist state which recently decided to open its borders to outside world after a long time period. You have mouths to feed, bills to pay, home to heat. But will you be able to? Job is difficult, money is so little, and you will be in situations where you either have to choose getting another citation and your wife and child will starve tonight, or you will send back a immigrant to his country where he will be killed.This game will break the f out of your heart.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!Cause no trouble."
,Recommended,239030,9792923,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ThunderGun,"Love the concept of the game. The little branching stories throughout had me making decisions as though it were life and death. Insanley addictive, i really enjoyed the simple, yet detailed, grahics."
,Recommended,239030,9732004,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Tagaleetele,1000/10This game hands down feet on the floor is my all time favourite game. This is about a man that checks passports at a border. It might sound boring but OMG is it not. There is a lot of plot twists and its humor is very entertaining. BUY IT NOW OR ILL FIND U
,Recommended,239030,9793354,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Candy Danii 💘,"Well, this game was kind of sitting on my wishlist so one day I figured I would get it to see what everyone is liking about it, first i'll say this, for a simple game it holds a heII of a lot of weight on it.PROS:Story: The story is a little simple, you are a man who got a job at a border controll station into Arstotzka, some kind of Russian like country, you're job is to make sure that whoever doesn't have their paper work in order gets a ""Denied"" stamp, and who has it correct gets a ""Approved"" stamp.Money: You have to get money to care for your family, your son, father, wife, and *shiver* ""Mother-in-law"", how it works is every Deny you make you get paid, every Approve you make you get nothing (least I think you do), so you want to clear as many of those people as you possibly can.Paperwork: Yes, this game is basically a paper-work simulator, but it's a heII of a lot more than just that, theres a whole background network of stuff that happens, organizations wanting in, other countries Arstotzka can't trust, democrats who could be possible terrorists.Characters: The characters you meet are a little weird at first, like a guy who wants into Arstotzka but doesn't have the right paper work on him, or a woman who wants to go through the checkpoint cause her husband went first but she doesn't have the paper work to be allowed in, or the organization who wants into Arstotzka with their spies to see what's going on, choices you have to make and could have consequences.Choices: Throught your one/many playthroughs you'll have to have some choices, whether it be help or disregard the Organization, not or let the husbands wife through the checkpoint regardless to be nice, let that little d%$khead through even though you REALLY don't want to cause of how annoying he can be.  Be careful with what you decide to do, because one wrong move can mean you lost the whole game.  Honestly at times when I had to pick choices I was kind of scared, I was afraid of what the outcome would be, and since i'm on a timer I have to be very careful about what I picked.Paperwork/What Civies need: When you start off in the game, it's simple, every Arstotzkan is allowed in if they have the right passport, everyone else isn't allowed in, but later on the paperwork just starts piling up like crazy.  Permission to come in Arstotzka, permission to work, permission to go through, permission to go to the bathroom, permission to walk, permission to talk, it starts to get annoying at times, but after a while you start to notice errors in documents without so much as even blinking or going to the handbook.  But every once in a while even I end up screwing up the simplest of things.Pay attention to details: What I mean by this is you need to look at every little detail about the paperwork, the names of people, passports, expiration dates, the stamps, the city and district names, the persons height, their weight, their gender, EVERYTHING, don't overlook anything, if you think it's fine check it anyway, you'd be surprised.  Cause if the person misspells their name just once then it's off to the guys with guns and they go into the building people go into but don't come out of so much.Discrepency machine: This machine is basically a analysis tool and I like it a lot, say it's hard to read the screen and you can't tell if the persons name on the passport matches their entry permit or work permit, you hit SPACE BAR or click the button on the bottom right, click one name, then the other, it scans it for any errors and if it's clean you are fine, if it's a discrepency then a icon appears over the little ""Talk machine"" and you click on it (without going out of the discrepency machine) and it asks the person a question to whatever it was you scanned, sometimes you need to do fingerprints, others it may be a search.Upgrades: Your booth ends up getting upgrades that you can pay for, they aren't big, they are a little simple, like for the handbook for rules and country city names you have to manually flip through the pages, later you can buy a upgrade which gives it 'tabs' so you just click on the tab and get sent to the area you clicked whether it be rules or stamp symbols, or the deny/approve slider, instead of clicking it you get a upgrade where you hit TAB and it comes out automatically, hit TAB again to put it back, and for the discrepency machine you hit SPACE BAR to bring it up, and SPACE BAR again to put it away.CONS:The Citation Error Machine: I hate this f#$ker with all of my heart and soul, I call this thing the ""F#$k Up"" machine, because everytime you f#$k up, it makes this irritating noise and comes up saying what you missed or didn't look over, and after a while I sometimes want to just throw my monitor out of the damned window.  Yes it's annoying but atleast it tells you what you missed or didn't look at, good job Arstotzka, I feel great that a machine can do my job better and yet it's free.  This thing is basically a invisible scanner, on the way out of the checkpoint it scans the person for if they had everything correct or something wrong and tells you what it was.Endless Mode: This isn't in the cons section because it sucks, it's a little fun actually, especially if you play the Papers, Please theme while you do so, you can pick what you want to do and how much paperwork is required to pass, but honestly after a while it can get a little dull, what I think they should have done is put some kind of randomized game in, where you pick how much paperwork is required but you don't know what could happen, the guards could all die from a terrorist or something if you accidently pushed someone through who had incorrect permits or something, seriously, would add a lot of replay value.Easy game overs: I only beat 1 of the 20 endings that there is but you need to be very careful about what you do SPOILER ALERT, at one point if you let one of the Organizations spies in you get 1k, yes, 1 thousand bucks, but if you keep it and don't use it or something the government takes it and puts you in jail, as well as your family members.  Another time was I had to let this d*$khead advisor for the checkpoint, make me let a woman through yet she wasn't supposed to, and I forgot the woman's name so I ended up putting her in jail, then I got ANOTHER game over, and it gets annoying to have to resort to previous days and go through ALL the work again and try not to let the f$%k up machine go off just to get to a certain point.WHAT I THINK: I think this game is something very special, it's so simple yet so amazing all at once, ""EA would never make something like this, infact it would probably remind them of their Customer Support Services."" = Yahtzee Croshaw.  All and all though, it gets a damn good 9/10, minus the f$#k up machine and some things I think would have enhanced the game, it's pretty damn good, but i'm sure after you get all of the endings it could get a little dull.  This game is totally worth it as it sits and when it's on a sale."
,Recommended,239030,7924286,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,drNòódles,"Very fun little game. You play as a border inspector. After completing, I recommend replaying it with a different attitude - you can help mysterious underground or try to bend the rules for your fellow men or be the ruling party's lap dog - ""You haven't seen your son for 6 years? Well tough luck grandma, that entry permit expired yesterday. ENTRY - DENIED! NEXT!"".Different actions have different results. ~20 endings.Try to get it at a sale, since after you finish the game 3 times (~15hours total) it has no more replay value - all the major events are scripted. So at normal price as of this day (~10€) compared to ~20€ for Starcraft 2 or Bioshock:infinite it feels like a rip off.There is some sort of endless/challenge mode after you complete the game, but it seems like working a second job with nothing to show for it..."
76561198044622359,Recommended,239030,9600502,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Redyoshi9,Amazing Game very deep story and relies on your moral choices for the one of 20 endings
,Recommended,239030,3281771,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,ℤ∀πΣ (Zane),"One of the most realistic, engrossing, and all around best games I've ever played. Don't be turned off by the premise, this is well worth the money. It also reminds me of one of my favorite movies, Children of Men."
76561197960873580,Recommended,239030,9241557,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Pistol Pete,Very good game and lots of fun to play.
76561198013534938,Recommended,239030,9623457,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Pumpkin,Ridiculously addictive. Such a simple game yet it manages to get you really invested in the story and wanting to see what happens each day. Doesn't hurt that it's super fun either.
,Recommended,239030,8282518,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Reddy360 | Connor,It is amazing and pixels.
,Recommended,239030,8246060,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,capn,All Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198042257631,Recommended,239030,8280668,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Flightmaster,A very thought-provoking game that is truely fun to play. 10/10 would play again
76561198055464074,Recommended,239030,8303158,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,BeerBreakfast,is actually pretty entertaining
76561198039244152,Recommended,239030,8335437,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gizmo,"I aided the rebels, they got me a lot of money, I was at the top for a while, like 3 days, Soon I was ratted on, lost all my money, then Uncle died, few days later rebels stop helping me, My sister went to jail, and I couldnt adopt her daughter, was too poor, next day I buy medicine for mother in law and son, and in the morning everyone died including my wife, I was fired, No money, no family, no home, started from the bottom, was at the top for 2 days, sent back to bottom, now everyones dead, Glory to Arstotzka.  19 days in game, 3:20:01 play time.Better than the SIMS."
,Recommended,239030,8245354,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,wearestarrdust,"How a game in which you check papers at an immigration station could be so much fun, I don't know - but it is. I loaded this up to ""see what it looked like"" and four hours later I was still playing. Very addictive and alot of fun."
,Recommended,239030,9895128,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,MattBosten,"Papers, Please is an utterly brilliant game that really shouldn't be.You play as an inspector on the border of the 'fictional' country Arstotzka, which has just emerged from a 6 year war with it's neighbour Kolechia, located between the now divided cities of East and West Grestin. You job, should you be chosen to accept it, is to inspect immigrants paperwork and ensure border security as ever more complex rules are placed on those attempting to cross the border.Somehow Papers, Please manages to capture (What I imagine to be) the monotony of the day-to-day goings on of a border checkpoint whilst somehow making it fun to play. The game is surprising engaging, presenting moral choices that will often force you to choose between doing your job (and thus being able to provide for your family) or helping someone out and facing the potential consequences. There is also a sub plot throughout featuring a shady organisation looking to destabilize the government.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198120711020,Recommended,239030,9931344,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,n535,"This game is so good, it does not even need a review"
,Recommended,239030,9776739,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,cynical0whovian,"Fun, deceptively simple game that has a lot of depth to it. Manage your own personal needs with your job and your own morality as you work in the Immigration office of a fictional facist country. This game has 20 different endings and lots of achievements, so there's a lot of replay value there. A fun, low-stress game with a really unique premise."
76561198053312282,Recommended,239030,7840819,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Staggering Stew Bum,"Papers, Please is good. It has travel documents and good manners, what more could one want. I got about 5 hours out of this, so I was getting one hour to the dollar which is pretty decent mileage. I laughed, i cried. It ran the whole gamut of emotions. The more people who buy this, the more the world will be ready to donate to my future kickstarter for my point-and-click game version of One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich, set in glorious real time. Yes, it will have 3652 rounds of NG+ mode! And once that is a massive success, I will funnel my efforts into a full blown FPS version of Cancer Ward where you play as the head doctor of radiotherapy who blasts cancer zombies with a powerful X-Ray gun. The twist? You've got cancer too! This leads into a final boss fight where you're sucked into your own body to fight The Malignanton, where you gloriously triumph. ""You're in remission, ♥♥♥♥er!"""
,Recommended,239030,10056393,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Boddhi,"This game was surprisingly good. Everything about the game from the visuals, the gameplay, and the sound all add to and help develop the mood and story of the game. You are a desk clerk at a checkpoint charged with approving visas. You face ever changing conditions, penalties for incorrect approvals and denials, and a family that needs the money you earn to stay healthy. On top of this strange things happen, people make odd comments about the rulers of your country and you're never sure who to trust. Do you approve the man who is missing his health certificate because he offered 10 bucks which you need to buy medicine for your son? Do you deny a man with all the correct papers because the lady before him pleaded with you not to let him through as he plans to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ her? These are some of the split second decisions you'll need to make in this enjoyable game."
,Recommended,239030,9801357,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,pepe silvia,"Really amazing and emotional game. If you want a game that keeps you in it, get this. It has 20 different endings so don't be worried you will finish it too fast."
76561198213671449,Recommended,239030,30471173,Posted: 12 March,all,Blue Allura Nic,"Papers Please, is a great simulator of border control (i think) and should teach high school students what it was like back in the l8 80s"
76561198117915660,Recommended,239030,10160465,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Vanticus,9/10Would deny entry again.
,Recommended,239030,8526839,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Carthus,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,8355362,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EggWaffle,A ton of depth and a lot of replayability. The execution is brilliant
76561198031576167,Recommended,239030,9638686,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MegaWood,"10/10Papers, Please is one of the best indie games I’ve ever played. It presents a nice challenge and plenty of moral dilemmas on each play through. There are dozens of possible endings and you will really want to play through more than once. It will take you a couple hours to complete the game the first time but I found myself coming back multiple times to try for different endings. The game is challenging and becomes almost overwhelming (but that’s the point). It reminds me a lot of games like Carmen Sandiego where you have to play close attention to small details and never turn off your brain."
76561198007353089,Recommended,239030,8564070,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,King of sw&g,Saw it on Channel 4! Amazing game!
,Recommended,239030,8585886,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ke$ha,Kyle Lepine choice award number 1 George Washington
,Recommended,239030,8636749,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,zhutwo,"You listed 1984 in your favourite books on Facebook because it was the only serious book you read in high school. Now you can play this game and feel like an intellectual for participating in gaming as social commentary. When you're done, maybe you'll make a thread about it on Reddit."
,Recommended,239030,8629339,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,JigxorAndy,"Really a lot of fun. Very tactile gameplay, and narrative is engaging."
76561198023113140,Recommended,239030,8259382,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SexyBeast,"awesome game, makes you think a lot"
,Recommended,239030,8792476,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,QuinnTribe,"It may look simple and goofy, but it hooks you and keeps you! What seems like such a simple idea turns out to be a lot of work. The developer did an incredible job building in great details. This is old school border control. No computers to search through lists. Nothing more than the good old Mark 1 eyeball :) I think the decision to leave the lower resolution graphics was the way to go. The focus is the information, not the graphics. This game is only an incredible 40 MB - there are sprites in modern games that are bigger than that! This game is playable over and over and over again. Great way to kill some time and walk away.Great job!"
,Recommended,239030,9079477,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ReDD eFFect,I did work and it was kinda fun
,Recommended,239030,7960208,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Fire Fyfe,"This is a great cheap game, once you get a hang of it the game will prove to be fenomenal"
,Recommended,239030,9687332,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Samuraijessie,"Wow...Just Wow.  Definaly worth a late night play when your all by yourself in the dark,  I can't believe the immersion such a simple design can bring."
76561198043729109,Recommended,239030,9487655,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,☭SirDeyong☭,"Clearly one of the best games I've ever played. It's not only a game where you check the papers of travelers and say ""DENIED"" if the papers are wrong. No, this game is about decisions and choices. You have to choice between the strict rules and your morally humanity. Papers, Please shows that the people who travel to your checkpoint aren't only what's their papers say. They are humans. Humans with fear and wishes. And you have to make the choice. And every choice has consequences, which guide you to one of many endings this game has.Nice soundtrack, many endings, good gameplay. This game is really worth the money."
,Recommended,239030,723290,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Spacewolf,Never has a game so repetitive been so original and engaging.
,Recommended,239030,9356168,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,AcolyteOfGame,Who knew 8-bit office work could be immersive?
,Recommended,239030,7812801,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,BrenJeebus,♥♥♥♥♥YES THIS GAME IS COOL AND INTERESTING AND ENGAGING AND NERVRACKING AND AWESOME AND FUN
,Recommended,239030,9600696,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Adamant Archvile,All Glory to Artotzka
76561198011137454,Recommended,239030,10595025,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,J-Rock Star,So simple yet so addicting
,Recommended,239030,10718990,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Spookyhort,">> Man walks into checkpoint> Papers, please> It says here you are female>> As the document says> Turn and face the scanner> Holy god it is a female> GLORY TO ARTSTOTZKAOverall, great game and highly addicting."
,Recommended,239030,10736365,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sc077,"Its a really Intersting game, its a fun quirky game about a you as a checkpoint inspector. You have to learn how to move quickly because if you don't have enough money you will not beable to pay rent, heating, food or medicide for your family, who are prone to getting deathly ill for no aparent reason.  But you have to be thurorgh bc if you let the wrong people in you get money deduced. There is a surprizing amout of story packed into the different characters and events that take place from inside the book. I highly reccoment it just to play for at least 3 hours so you really get the game."
,Recommended,239030,10735551,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TacticalSnail,Probably the most accurate representation of what immigration officials have to put up with to get their paycheck.  Most definitely worth playing.
,Recommended,239030,10736521,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Scoish Velociraptor Maloish,"The gameplay is not the attraction of the game, it's its atmosphere. The story, the gritty border, everything is so perfect. The gameplay is just there to progress the game while the true beauty is what keeps you attracted."
76561198030765277,Recommended,239030,10738856,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sesshomarudc,It would be really hard to review this game.  But I would recomend it! Its really weird but really fun!
,Recommended,239030,10762626,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CulinaryGenius,"This game is amazing! I never review a game, and I don't install same games in different computers; nevertheless, this game is great if you like complicated situations (stress involved), in a failry simple game. If you dont like games where ""not much""happens you might not like this game. It has 20 different endings, all of them amazing. COmpletely worth having."
76561198059948088,Recommended,239030,10645596,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nachers,Had a lady who's pasport claimed she was a man. Turns out she had a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198027945356,Recommended,239030,10709886,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mescalito,Allowed a convicted murderer into the country just to feed my family.Feels like a dark version of Carmen Sandiego.
,Recommended,239030,10734640,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Schnikee,Twist ending all the documents were written on papyrus
,Recommended,239030,10675689,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hugh Man,Sooo jokes! This game should be in the comedy section
,Recommended,239030,10744863,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LawfulMidnight,So Much fun.. Trying to get all endings xD
,Recommended,239030,10642992,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fux,Arstotzka greatest country in world.
,Recommended,239030,10736293,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,blue cobra,I was thrilled by these documents.10/10 would buy again
76561197978490368,Recommended,239030,10954528,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PsychoMidget,"papers, me, please"
76561197971872740,Recommended,239030,10894749,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ShatBird,"This game gives me a god damn hard on it's so brilliant. Lucas Pope should be absolutely more appreciated, and if you've played anything else of his (try out his ♥♥♥♥ing free ludum dare gamehttp://dukope.com/play.php?g=sea) Papers Please is totally worth it there's no game like it there's no experience like it there's no player choice like it there's no ♥♥♥♥ing design like it there's no paper we're out of paper guys. Who's gonna go get the paper? I think there's some in storage, but if not we all have to pitch in and someone has to go to office max. I can't drive today my foot's swollen."
,Recommended,239030,7817229,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pielikey,"+neat story integration+neat story+art style looks cool=gameplay is purposefully bland, but still challenginggame/10very good yes"
,Recommended,239030,10719923,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Apakenua,"Papers, Please is unlike any game that I've ever played. As some of the negatives review say, at times it can seem tedious and uninteresting. However, I feel like all those negative reviews are missing the very concepts that made me fall in love with this game.On the surface, it seems like nothing more than a pretty tricky job simulator. On the surface.It might just be me, but this game really caused me to think. Glory to Arstotzka. As you sit at your desk, faces come and go. A name in the game is nothing more than a credential that might be an error or a scam, if the citizen is trying to get in. You meet a man, inspect his passport. He's clean. He mentions that his wife is behind him, and asks that you be nice to her.Another face steps up to the gate, and is missing some of the papers needed to pass. She begs you to let her through with her husband and tells you that if she's sent back, she'll be killed.Do you let her through, getting a ""strike"" against your job, or do you send her back? Glory to Arstotzka.This game is a job simulator, but it's also so much more. It's a game about a corrupt government and the importance of individuals. People are people, important, not pawns or items that should be tossed around and mistreated. It's a game about chosing to do the right thing, because after all, you're human. Everybody has a story. Faces, names... it's all important.People matter.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,10996824,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,KalosTheWise,"A simple looking game that gets harder throughoutThere are so many ways to play Papers Please, which gives for a different ending and experience each timeBloody love it!"
76561198120348018,Recommended,239030,11023895,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Void Wanderer,"Glory to Arstotzka, one of the best games I've ever played.  Rather than being stuck with a a set story line like some games, I was allowed to make my own path.  I wish there was more added onto it, would rather like to see what would happen after the audit if you followed the governments orders to the letter and didn't help out the Order.Though it got kinda annoying when I would look over every document and paper but somehow get a citation, but that doesn't really effect my rating.9.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,8624723,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SpannerPoint2,"Brilliant game. A really simple premise which sounds boring, but really, really isn't. Really engaging, with a nice simple art and sound style that perfectly fits the 80s Soviet setting.Who'd have thought a desk job video game could be so fun?"
76561198013986953,Recommended,239030,9225002,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dmitry Donskoy,"Step into the boots of a underpaid and overworked border inspector!You are tasked with processing immigrants on the border between dirty Kolechia and Glorious Arstotzka!  Check papers for disrepancies and make sure that they are not falsified.  Inspect the foreigners and make sure that they do not carry contraband and illegal substances.  Stamp Passports to approve or reject immigrants!  Decide if you are to listen and believe to the 101 sob-story about a family forced apart, or coldly give them a firm ""NO"" and send them back into their♥♥♥♥♥♥countries.Take care of a large family, give them food and heat and pay the rent on time.  If your meagre paycheck is not enough, take bribes and let possible terrorists over the border!  Detain innocents and have them sent off to an uncertain fate and get a few dollars in return.  Practice your aim on armed men trying to tear your checkpoint down and kill the guards!   Manevour yourself between the watchfull eyes of your totalitarian government that will put you in jail for the slightest mistake, and a shady terrorist organization claiming to be fighting for Arstotzkas feedom.Who will you belive?  How will you feed your family?  Who will you let through the border?  Will your survive the winter?  And maybe the most important thing of all: Are you going to stamp that Passport?I give it 10/10 Glorious Arstotzkas!"
,Recommended,239030,8618102,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rich,"'Papers, Please' is a fun puzzle game set around the unlikely theme of a Communist border control post. As the border guard for Arstotzka you are under pressure from the authorities to accurately process entrants according to ever-changing criteria, whilst juggling your meagre salary to keep yourself and your family alive. As your pay is linked to processed entrants, you have to push through as many as possible without making mistakes; mistakes are deducted from your pay. A stream of entrants queues outside your booth, meaning you only have a few seconds to make a decision - yes or no - on each. Will you help through the refugee without papers? Will you take a bribe? Will you help a dissident?I love the grey, bleak 1984-esque world of Arstotzka and how, as a minor official, you find out about changes through the state newspaper and visitors to your booth. This is a challenging, fun puzzler, with surprisingly deep story writing and I'm really hoping there we'll get a chance to return to Arstotzka in future games from the same developer!Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8622210,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,CJIA,One of the best indie titles I've played in a while.  completely engrossing with great gameplay and retro-cultural feel.  totally worth checking out.
,Recommended,239030,8612039,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,etitterud,"This game is so awesome. It has a great sense of humor. A great branching tree of endings. It is actually considerably hard to get a stable income/family early on. I know some people recommend the game based on the tough moral choices and what not, but it is fun from a sadistic / schadenfreude perspective too."
,Recommended,239030,8599890,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Paul Giamatti Dressed As A Mango,"Most unique game that has come out in 2013 (along with Stanley Parable), which is the reason why Papers, Please is in my top 5 games of 2013."
,Recommended,239030,8602069,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mattius_Zero,"Interesting little game. Gives a pretty good brain work out. Especially when you start to get up to those final days. My record is 16 people a day for about 5-10 days. Got some tips for the game as well for those going for achievements. If you ever want to know, just ask."
,Recommended,239030,8699850,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kaiman23,"Ogh, this game just sucked me in.  Really, really well done."
76561198004037713,Recommended,239030,8172762,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eamon,One of the greatest Indie games ever. Ever wanted to know what it's like to work in a Dystopian bureaucracy?You have been assigned to work as a border control official at Grestin Border Checkpoint. Your job is to make sure passport and other documents are valid before accepting or denying entry to travellers.This game is not only full of humour but quite enlightening too.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,8469003,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,penofdl,Weirdly addictive for a game where you're doing paperwork. The brief character interactions at the checkpoint as well as the underlying story involved in progressing through your job are captivating to the imagination.
76561197999717882,Recommended,239030,8387153,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pyro,Best game of 2013
,Recommended,239030,8376744,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,fatalicon,"I had so much fun with this game.  I was skepticle at first, but there's something great about it.  Reminds me of old Apple II or Comodore 64 games."
,Recommended,239030,8339251,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Paul Atreides,"I cannot recommend this game enough. The game's unique style lends itself to a compelling narrative unlike any other. Papers, Please is a perfect example of how video games can tell meaningful stories in a way that traditional media cannot. A game thats core mechanic isdocument analyzation, of all things, has managed to make me laugh, cry, question my moral values, and set my heart pounding. The gameplay itself is fast-paced and unforgiving, just the way I like it. You're always trying to play your cards right in hopes of achieving a happy ending for you and your family.Glory to Arstotska!"
,Recommended,239030,8425598,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KTPNNCWBY,"It was a pretty cathartic experience being on the other side of the glass window, and it amazed me how much story, character, and moral struggle came through with such simple details and graphics. Believe the hype, the game will test not so much your attention to detail but the strength of your character and resolve."
76561198047756080,Recommended,239030,8442867,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Princess Zora,gud
,Recommended,239030,8012491,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Kuma,"What kind of person am I?I like to think I’m loyal to my friends, as honest I can possibly be, hardworking and generous. Everything I keep around in my life seems to point to those things to some degree. I’ve had the same friends since elementary school, I try to be as upfront as possible even when it can knock me down, I get consistent work from quite a few outlets, and I like to give my time, my love, and even gifts. There’s a beautiful joy in doing that. In fact I love giving people presents more than I get them.So I must be a good person, right? …Right?But what would I be if circumstances were different? What would I be if, say, I had a sick family that counted on me to get medicine, pay for food, make sure the amenities were paid for and running such as heat, or simply paying rent to keep a roof over our heads? Would I be as honest? Would I be as loyal? I like to think so, but given my time playing Papers, Please, I’m starting to wonder about myself.This PC game is a self-described “Dystopian Document Thriller”. I prefer the term “Dystopian Emotional Rollercoaster That Rips Out Your Morals, Waves Them In Front of You and Laughs While You Pretend You’re Not What This Game Lets You Be”. But I can see why they went with that one. It’s a bit easier to roll off the tongue.You start the game as a rookie Immigration Inspector working at the newly acquired border town of Grestin after a six-year war with the neighbouring country of Kolechia has finally ended. The game begins on a positive note – you’re given a job, an apartment, and a seemingly easy enough task. You check over immigrant documents – much like a border guard does – and make sure the person coming through is clean.How is this done? Cross-referencing ID cards with passport numbers. Matching pictures, making sure no document has expired, questioning minor discrepancies, checking their permits, etc. Normal things most of us have experienced one time or another just on the other side of the screen.When I played for the first 10 minutes nothing seemed odd to me. It was just a different kind of puzzle game with a unique outlook. Rather than find the right pieces to mash together, I looked over documents and cross-referenced them with my Immigration’s rulebook, just to be safe. All in all, a pretty uneventful first day. I turned away some people and let others through.Day two was when I realized this game was, as Michael Caine would say about Batman, something more.I started my morning off as usual: I walked over to my booth, checked over notes my government had left for me, and proceeded to call in the first person wishing to enter the country. This was when I noticed the atmosphere this game is just oozing out its pores. The colour pallet is somber: blacks, browns and dark blues cover just about everything. On the top half of the screen is a bird’s eye view of the border. There’s my booth, a few guards, and a massive line-up of immigrants waiting to cross. Here’s what caught my eye – each person has no identity in that line. They are just a black silhouette. Another cow in the herd. I can’t connect with a person who has no face, so I don’t. Given the depth of this game and the sheer brilliance in its questioning of humanity, I know this was an intentional design choice. Emotion can only tangle logic and affect your decision. Or perhaps it’s not my view of them, but the government’s? I’m still not sure.When I called in my first person to inspect, a black silhouette slowly dragged themselves over inside my booth. In steps a small man, standing just about 5 ft. tall and he hands me nothing. He tells me about how proud he is of Arstotzka and he excitedly recounts his itinerary. I ask him for his passport and immediately the excited tone goes away. “I need one?” “Yes.”He promises to return with a passport and apologizes for wasting my time.I found it a bit odd, but oh well, I moved on and called for the next person. In comes this tall, skinny woman and she hands over her passport, work permit and even slips me a card for a nightclub she says she works for. She tells me to call and let her know if I’ll be stopping into town and her girls will take care of me. I left the card on the counter and started reading her documents. Her passport number seemed OK, the names on the permit and the passport matched, she said would be staying to work for two months. Everything seemed hunky dory. I stamped an approval on her papers and gave them back to her and told her not to cause any trouble.She smiled and walked past me.As I call in the next person to inspect I notice this woman’s black silhouette isn’t moving in the same direction the others did. Instead of taking a right and heading off screen, she turns left and walks towards the border guards. Suddenly, the game stops. This woman takes out a grenade and tosses it near her and the guards. Before anyone can do anything it explodes, killing her and the three men on patrol. The game fades to black.Oh god, what did I do? I’m responsible for that? Was it game over?No. Up pops a newspaper headline about a bombing from the Kolechian terrorist that I let through. The deaths. The terror. It’s all there. Then the game fades back in and guess what? It’s day three on the job. I failed, but the game isn’t over. That’s just part of it.It turns out I made a mistake and had my paycheck docked some. So I couldn’t pay for medicine for my sick son and food for my family.This is when I started to pay attention to the game a bit more. Each person in the line-up wouldn’t have a face until they were in the booth with me. When they were, I was so crazy about not having another terrorist come through I would detain anyone – anyone – who looked at me wrong. Work permit says you’re here for three months but you said 7 weeks? Search and detain. That way I’m cracking down on enough people to lower the odds of a psychopath getting through and getting a few extra dollars. I was fine with this procedure and thought I would be good doing this for the rest of the game.(Gah! There's a word limit I hit. The rest of my review can be found on my blog athttp://gamesnshit.wordpress.com/)."
76561198052960418,Recommended,239030,8803063,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,wilkie914,"This game is fun. It's very hard to know why it's fun, but still. It's fun, in an dystopic, orwellian, way of fun.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,9613352,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Scar-20,"What makes papers please so interesting is not just the idea of being the head of border patrol, but its also the most replaible game ive ever come across. Their are 20 endings. 20 diffrent ways to play the game. Some will last you 15 days, some 30 but each time you play the game the plot will never be the same."
,Recommended,239030,10938385,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Troll Under The Bridge,Was passport guard.Separated families.Arrested civilians.Aided criminals.Fired for not having a family.11/10.
76561198057164258,Recommended,239030,11577385,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,xX_Hank_Hill_Xx,"Got arrested, most likely because I never let Jorji Costova through."
76561198059910965,Recommended,239030,11672152,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Amisare,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,10913656,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lee,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,21306110,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Zortac,Best game ever!!!!!!1111!!!111!!
76561198180882917,Recommended,239030,29407317,Posted: 21 January,all,BluePanda8,"This is an amazing game. If you don't like games that get repeatitive, then this isn't for you."
76561198274364717,Recommended,239030,21373668,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,LemonAFK,Really fun but challenging game to play with many possible ends :)7.8/10
,Recommended,239030,16336604,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Combatheros,"Workspace got more messy and disorganized than my binder was in high school. Sifting through the paperwork to make sure everything is evidentially correct while being on a timer to get as many people examined and admitted or denied to have enough money to keep your family alive while also dealing with The ""Order"", terrorists, criminials, con artists, corrpution and more... this isn't easy.8/10, One of the most stressful moments in my life and most stressful job to have. I need to lay down...P.S. Never trust Kolechia!"
,Recommended,239030,5538904,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Sir Profiterole VII,"Dark, stressful, difficult...The best game i have played in a long time"
,Recommended,239030,13174865,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Redmega,A great look at the human psyche and the effect of power and pity on border control.Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,13407642,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Reguicus™,"if you want to help support the ''Turkish language'' Papers, Please send support.."
76561198187183122,Recommended,239030,20711764,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LemiereA <3,This is an amazing game with a lot of endings! I totally recomend this game! I hope that this game becomes super popular!!
,Recommended,239030,22275572,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Aivearc,"WE WANT PAPERS, PLEASE FOR HTC VIVE!"
76561198102890900,Recommended,239030,9171607,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Unholy Lord of Murder,A very relaxing and entertaining border control simulator. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,20694141,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Not Triggered,"You'd be supprised how much this game tests your head. Your morality. Your reaction times. Your attention to detail. everything.It gets hard as nails and the endings are kinda abrupt, but otherwise it's fine.Really fun, and I recomend it to anyonePapers, please"
,Recommended,239030,9807382,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Finale,A great game that gets your mind going~20/10Luv it~
,Recommended,239030,9170851,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,bankey,#FreeJorji
76561198025625270,Recommended,239030,9179754,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,xterminal86,Original idea.
,Recommended,239030,504036,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Chris Ihao,"Wow! I'm considering this one of the greatest games I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. This game takes me back to the golden age of gaming, with for instance the game based on Fredric Forsyths ""the Fourth Protocol"" and Sid Meyers ""Covert operations"" particularly in mind, and at the same time brings a whole lot of new to the table. Who would ever imagine that sitting in a passport booth all day long would feel so rewarding and exciting? Please, all creative and able developers of the world, learn from sole developer Lucas Pope and make more games like this. The world needs YOU!"
,Recommended,239030,16765029,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,spazm,Reminds me of the time I spent working on a IT helpdesk... but in a good way.
,Recommended,239030,21328962,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,CHEEESE,"This game is absolutely amazing, there is nothing wrong with it except it makes me feel dumb."
,Recommended,239030,9183358,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Lich Reborn,Love this game. Almost didn't buy it but very happy I did. You can waste 10 mins or the whole day on this game
,Recommended,239030,11785160,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MoistSquat,I got strippers murdered10/10 would do again
,Recommended,239030,11064234,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Genderblent Demidyke,"Absolutely Brilliant!It's somewhat amazing how what seems to be such a simple game on the surface, is full of harsh moral choices.A must play!"
76561198081098868,Recommended,239030,6971875,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Vezix,"Few games have been able to absorb me the way that Papers, Please has. What seems like a monotonous, bureaucracy simulator is really a powerful and surprisingly addicting experience. Constant rule changes, addition of mechanics, organic world beyond your desk and the plethora of overwhelmingly complex moral and social dilemas did more to me than what most 60$ games today have done. Add in a well built atmosphere and a dash of good humor and you have a powerful and engaging game that will sure to stick in your mind long after the credits."
,Recommended,239030,12002485,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sir Derrick the Panty Sniffer,"Nudity has never been less sexy, nor ethnic cleansing so much fun.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10676262,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ace of Fours,You can be communist!12/10 Would be communist again!
76561198083289035,Recommended,239030,10954273,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sir Isaac Newton,one of the best.
,Recommended,239030,9158442,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,"It may not seem like a lot on the surface, but as you play it more and more, you get challenged more and more as you have more documents to check, certain stipulations on certain days, and two (or more??!?!?!) different paths you can take to end the game. The game may only look to give out a couple hours at the most (to complete the WHOLE game), but it is somewhat deeper than that. This game gets my stamp of approval."
,Recommended,239030,10809911,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tight,"Oh, silly silly Jorji. He is one of the many many people that you must interact with in Papers, Please. You must make all types of different decisions, and every decision you make determins what kind of path you take. This game is going to eventually become very repetative I would guess, but it is a fantastic, origional game, that is also a marvelous pass-time.9/10 would probably be an accurate score"
,Recommended,239030,7835136,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ploq tacku,game is literally one of the most difficult and well thought out games of the year. i'd recommend you play it 10/10
,Recommended,239030,11175851,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Woods,Best TSA simulator.Pros:- Extremely addictive.- Interesting story.Cons:- Needs bug fixes.
76561198030298236,Recommended,239030,9319417,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ElectricMayhem,Denying access to the glorious nation of Arstotzkan is one of the most satisfying experiences I have ever felt. Glory to Arstotzkan!
76561198065404990,Recommended,239030,9598932,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Xipher,I highly recomend this game too anyone who enjoys a game based on choice. There are many situations throughout the game that will change the outcome
,Recommended,239030,30087374,Posted: 21 February,all,Eternal Blue,"- Start work- Sees there is an achievement to get class 5 apartment- Doesnt pay bills, food and medicine- Has more monies- Family dies- Get family life insurance monies- Get class 5 apartment- Get achievement- Is arrested for not having family alive- Glory to Arstotzka 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,694064,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Actawesome (forever),"A solid investment for the argument that ""video games can be art."" Papers, Please puts you into the shoes of a border patrol police officer tasked with turning up all the fakes trying to enter your glorious country. It's more than that though: you are faced with choices as to how to spend your money (your son gets sick a lot and needs medicine) and there are other factors at play here. The game is quite simple, and the gameplay I found actually quite annoying. How many times do I have to double, or even triple check this document to make sure I haven't made any mistakes? However, if you don't mind immersing yourself Papers, Please offers one of the highest watermarks in simulation stories. I've only scratched the surface since I only got four endings of the 20, but if you're looking for something a little different this is right up your alley."
,Recommended,239030,2396861,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Syksy,"Papers, Please is a game of minimalistic design and creative gameplay. While it may sound boring to work as a Soviet-like border guard who will stamp passports with ""Accepted"" or ""Rejected"" for crossing the border, ""P,P"" manages to make it an interesting puzzle/skill game, which will be worth its relatively low price. This is an example of how the indie scene can break the limits of conventional game companies."
,Recommended,239030,20438298,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BlueOptics,YES. DEFINITELY. YES.
76561198121728266,Recommended,239030,20286424,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fireman,"This is a fun casul game. This war-esk theme fits in quite well with This War of Mine as I can see how these two games can tie together.This game can be stressful, or it can be relieving depending on how much time you put into this game."
76561198086825444,Recommended,239030,20608105,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,LT Shepard,"It is a great game, well worth the price and I do hope that the success of this one will prove to the developer that they/he or she. Can do a 2nd game of this for I can see much better improvement if they are to look into it and make it possible more challanaging to play (with the option on the game for us.) Maybe have the year of the game be in the 2000 year and have more different ppl trying to get though or possibly have a co-op mode one plays as inspector and the other plays as the security guard of the checkpoint?either way if they were to make a second one I'd be more than willing to invest in the game if that what it takes for them to make a new one. If you have any doubts then just simply look it up on youtube, it is worth a try and is fairly cheap.The bad thing I can think of this game is that the gameplay screen is a little too small for my liking BUT it hasn't ruined my experience of the game, it is a defo game to add to your library. My final rating of this game is a 8/10 Only thing from stopping it from getting a 10 out 10 is the gameplay screen and after awhile playing it, it can be predicable so I'd love to see some dlc's added to this game or them making a second game of ""Papers, Please."""
,Recommended,239030,20611085,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,serial,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,15393106,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Orlack,This game gives me an interesting perspective of how people lived or saw in a soviet country and tense it is.Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198058179471,Recommended,239030,20304316,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ana Campanha,"I get very nervous whenever I play Papers, Please. If you ever had to go through a ""tough"" immigration border you'll know what I mean (Hello, USA!). Despite that this is a fine game that takes most of your attention if you want to keep your ""in-game family"" alive (and this is not an easy task to accomplish). I keep playing the last day again, whenever I open the game, to try to remember the new rules. Time is ticking and it's extra hard to concentrate when you have to be fast in your passport analyses."
,Recommended,239030,19155301,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,{yellow}[gsk]crossfire ๑ﭥ,great game
,Recommended,239030,10862068,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ahhlecks,Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198273133415,Recommended,239030,20195998,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,POOTFRICKNOMNOM,GREATEST GAME I EVER PLAYED!! 10/10!
,Recommended,239030,20684000,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,F I I N B A R,Strangley intense for a document thriller...79/100
,Recommended,239030,18439969,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kotouakk,"At first I though it will be boring. ""Checking documents? Phew!"" But then I watched some gameplays and bought the game. And this is totally awesome! Don't waste your time reading reviews and buy it.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,20695296,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,1 litrowy caprio,Awesome game worth the money cause+Cool game mechanics+Keeps the pressure on+Many decisions to make which can result in a good or bad ending
76561198008580123,Recommended,239030,30690286,Posted: 23 March,all,PRAVEMI,"This is... surprisingly... a very good game...Behind a simple memory game (you are checking the correctness of passports, etc.) is a strong story.A story of a man who must to do the heaviest decision... will he be a ""man-of-state"" or ""man-of-family"". Or... even more!This game thave a several endings = You can (and You will) to try to play the game more and mroe to find every secret.Truly... there is lot behing this simple, old graphic, game.SPOILER example:Someone give You his/her papers...- will You let him/her go- will You deny his/her entrace- will You let arrest him/her- will You take a bribe- will You kill him/her cause he/she is terrorist- will You let him/her kill other people...cause one time I let ""him"" go... and he killed my only friend between border-guards...Truly... this game have a strong moments!"
,Recommended,239030,10091609,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,BossStompTV,"Wow. Just wow. This game is heavy. If you're interested in themes like totalitarianism and dystopia, check this one out. Be warned though, there's little action. The game is all about reading and gathering context clues. What's so special about it? If you really allow yourself to stop and think it raises some very interesting questions. ""Why did I bend the rules for that character but detain this guy?"" Rarely does a game make you stop and ponder these sorts of real life values."
76561198115695825,Recommended,239030,16537723,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AdiRaptor,A very engaging game! The concept is pretty original; the gameplay gradually becomes trickier and some of the chocies you make may have different grim consequences. You should definitely buy this game! It's fantastic!
,Recommended,239030,12534178,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tree under the Hill,10/10 I never know a game about doing paper work could be so much fun.
76561197961276982,Recommended,239030,8285206,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Stranger,Such a fun simplistic yet difficult game!
,Recommended,239030,10830850,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vloshko,"First Few Days at work:Recieved a card for strip joint.Bomber killed my security.Tricksy old man.My family got cold.Family Hungry.Warning.Fired.In Soviet Arstotzka,Glory to Arstotzka!!!"
,Recommended,239030,23766740,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Communist Walrus,My whole family was sick. I spent the majority of my money on medicine for my son. The next day my whole family died. Screw you Arstotzka.The game is fairly good though.
76561198055456449,Recommended,239030,23777686,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Oceanman135,"I recommend the game, but suffers of ADHD/ADD/Dyslexia bewarePapers please is an interesting game, with a great central idea, and interesting mechanics. It is definitely something that people can enjoy. But, if you are like me and suffer from a severe case of ADHD/ADD/Dyslexia, this game may not be for you.The focus of the game is checking paperwork of immigrants coming to a communist country. It makes for an inserting setting, and sets up some very real feeling drama. The primary gameplay revolves around looking at the immigrant’s paperwork, and deciding if they are permitted to enter. Many times the difference between admittance and denial is a single out of place letter buried in paperwork. This is fine for most people, but if you suffer from any form of reading disability, or attention issue, then this game may be nearly unplayable. I personally suffer from severe ADHD, and I could not focus enough to play properly for more than 30 min. The small details I was supposed to be looking for just disappeared among everything else, becoming white noise. I was only able to get 3 people’s paperwork properly filed, out of about 50. Probably 95% of people who play this game will have little problems with this, but if you know that you have these conditions please think before you buy."
76561198079356659,Recommended,239030,23812999,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,thorm81,"In story mode time goes way too fast for the amount of papers you have to look at and compare.Endless mode needs to be unlocked, so not sure if I'll get there or not.Still fun though."
,Recommended,239030,23954105,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Calvin,After this game I'm better than 99% of any immigration inspector in my country.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,1190335,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Danielson,"I would never ever even imagine, that such a simple idea could be provided with awesome graphics and mind-blowing atmosphere! Excellent choice for Indie games lovers!"
,Recommended,239030,23455171,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ST FireWolf,"I really like this game when I have some free time. Even though I havn't completed the game, I like the story so far and I see there's an endless mode that gets unlocked when you've completed story mode, which is good for a story type game. The only thing I don't like about this game is that is can get very boring if you play it for a while, just stamping, checking the rules, repeated. One thing I'd suggest is something so you don't have to bring out the rule book to scan the rules. But overall, nice way to kill some time."
76561198128253555,Recommended,239030,21656530,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TheMaroonWalrus,"Amazing, great for anybody at all, great music, even better plot. Papers Please is an all around wonderful game"
,Recommended,239030,18378190,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Gravity,"I never thought I could have so much fun managing papers and denying people. Maybe I have found my true callingSeriously though, this game is a must have. If you like thrilling action adventure games or rpgs, you probably wont enjoy this. But if you want a really engaging and stressful yet satisfying game, buy this right now. Its like dark souls, but with paper."
76561198148781550,Recommended,239030,23324633,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,esmartin,"Really fun game.It\'s compelling and not too short.The whole game has a good sense of humour and I like the progression of the game as you go through the Story Mode. Good buy, try and get it while it\'s on sale like I did, but worth your money anyway."
,Recommended,239030,9150877,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ArtsyChap,Something about this game is very captivating and really suberges you in to a dangerous and poverty-stricken world. The choices you make in the brief interactions with the NPC characters really can impact your real-world emotions. This game is truly a picture of working just to get by and provide for your family if only just keeping your head above water. Don't come for the graphics - but do stay for a very different kind of sim that is raw and realistic and keeps you coming back for more.
76561198142080814,Recommended,239030,23412295,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fry of Treachery,+Good story for Passport Stamping Simulator.+New mechanics introduced at steady pace+Very immersive with necessity for a keen eye and money management.+Great replay value.+A+ music and graphics for the tone.-Endless mode gets boring fast.Amazing game. Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198008368966,Recommended,239030,23545332,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Pieri,Trump Government THE GAME
76561198174035547,Recommended,239030,23355465,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,BlackKat,"I've never felt so bad for pixal characters. Amazing and fun game though, really enjoyed it!GLORY!"
76561198123246542,Recommended,239030,23393153,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,acenfred,Definently worth the ten dollars most fun game that I have played in a while. The only draw back was that I played through 9 Hours only to have it imposible for me to not be exicuted. But other than that an exilent game that I would recomend for everyone.
,Recommended,239030,10669588,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Masked Little Shit,"Papers, Please is a game that seems to undersand that the player has morality and encourages them to follow it but with the result being that their actions also affect their pay check, too many citations you lose pay or even fall into debt. Papers, Please gets it's players to bond and sympathize with a character who is nameless, faceless, and only speaks what it required on him and his family who is never seen.You have the option to aid a rebellion or just follow orders among other things, each stamped passport could be terrorist you missed or a agent of the rebellion you forgot about. Papers, Please has amazing replay value and with twenty endings it's not surprising that it does.Most consiter the art style hidiouse but it futhers the athmostsphere of the game, it's supposed to show the downtrodden people who are trying to get into Arstotska, people who you might be suspisous of and be more inclinded to detain or deny them entry. Even amist the suspisoin of the game with the normal immigrants there is a reoccuring character named Jurji who is quite hilarious everytime he comes to visit.Papers, Please is ceratinly worth your time."
,Recommended,239030,8642991,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,juice1919,"i've found myself regretting in-game decisions saying ""oh ♥♥♥♥..."" more than a handful of times. this isn't ""cards against humanity"" playing a cheap shock value card, but an emersive, thoughtful, and satyrical exploration of nationalism, xenophobia, human rights and human nature itself. it's a very smart and polished production that succeeds on both technical and expressive ends. i could easily see ""Papers, Please"" being used in classrooms or as part of an academic curriculum, but it stands more than well enough on its own as an entertainment title with enough replay value to justify the asking price.8/10"
,Recommended,239030,3677298,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Jared,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,10953053,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ComfyMan,"After only achieving4 of 20 possible endings I can say without a doubt that I will be playing this game a lot more. Thats after already spending 12 hours within about a week of owning it. It's not a game that is to be taken lightly though the tone of the game does jab a satirical finger into your funny bone.At first it seems like any other casual game with an amazing commentary on strict and overbearing political power. Then you begin to see the weight of your actions, how  every day could cost you your life or the lives of others (including your family). The people who communicate their needs and shortcomings to you in the checkpont are various and always fun to replay and try different responses. Its not hard to do what you want, but you don't always know exactly how the world of the game will react which is what make sit fun!Get this game as soon as you can even at full price. There is no way you can avoid enjoying this distopian world.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561197999951405,Recommended,239030,10925101,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ül±imarevan,"Failed to bring glory family died, fired. Life is an oblivion of despair and chaos.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mode, deny all entrants!!!! 15/10"
76561197994827197,Recommended,239030,10949971,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Orioli,"Lucas Pope managed to create a game about checking passaports for a socilist state, and actually made it amazing. Guy is brilliant, really."
76561198044495134,Recommended,239030,7960967,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,EvilHeelGaming,"""Congratulations. The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled. For immediate placement, report to the The Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint. An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.""That is the quote that greets you as you start your job as the immigration inspector in this game, called Papers, Please. This game has a nice retro look to it. In story mode, you are the working man of the family, taking care of your wife, mother-in-law, uncle, and son. The more people you let in, the more money you get, so work fast, but be careful, make too many mistakes, and you lose pay and savings. It doesn't seem hard at first, but then as the game progresses, you have to deal with more papers and have to scout for the 3 wanted criminals of the day. You also see recurring characters throught the story. You can work with or repel a cult group. Oh, and did I mention there are 20 different endings? Get to the end of the 31 day calander, then you can unlock endless mode. However, it can get boring, feeling more like an actual job than a game. In the end, its definatly worth every penny. I give this game an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,12212800,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Xavier,"Amazing how what is essentially a paperwork simulator can be so engrossing. The world and story is presented really well, and will make you want to continue playing to find out what happens next."
76561197970976343,Recommended,239030,12215614,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,CSL,"People who say that this is a good, but not fun, aren't much fun themselves. This is fun with a full dose of commentary. It's a puzzle game that invites it's users to embark on a journey that'll give you an entry level course on human rights, fascism, communism, and how to read important documents quickly for no good reason other than you like Papers, Please.You can totally enjoy this as a straight puzzle game where you identify patterns and want to min-max identifications, but what joy does that bring you. If you want to really enjoy this game ask yourself - do you unquestionably follow orders? Would you take the word of a refugee? How important are football emblems?"
,Recommended,239030,7794694,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Rickster,"The gameplay is very interesting, and it's also addicting to play.A grand new experience for me, can't wait for a sequal!"
76561198101879142,Recommended,239030,12276632,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sievehead,"An incredibly enjoyable little game, with endless choices to make that effect the world you live in, viewed through the morning newspaper. There are many small touches that add immersiveness to the game such as the buttons labeled ""walk to work"" and ""sleep"" as opposed to ""next level"" and ""exit current level"".The number of excellent indie games like this that get ignored ruthlessly because they aren't from a huge company, or have insanely life like graphics is stupidly high. This game should not be ignored like this, it adds tension and panic to a seemingly dull job. Very well done, Lucas Pope."
76561198027370870,Recommended,239030,11645450,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Kayden,"Glory to Arstotzka!  This game is surprisingly fun - and challenging!  Every day there are crazy new subplots, and all the while you're desperately trying to be as fast as possible so you make more money to feed your family and heat your apartment...yet, the faster you go, the more mistakes you're likely to make...which ends up working out poorly.I'd highly recommend this game.  Also works great on Linux."
,Recommended,239030,10707429,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Brad,"Borders. Terrorists. Smugglers. Immagrants. Bureaucracy. If you like any of these, you will like this pixelated point-and-click dystopian document thriller."
,Recommended,239030,8038985,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Complx6,"I thought this game would be pretty bording from the description, but it is actually quite entertaining.  There is a newspaper everyday for you to read before going to work the next day and it could range from what is going on to the county or to a serial killer on the loose (he may just show up at your booth).  The game also has somewhat of a sense of humor with a guy coming up to you once every few days with what is probably the most hilariously done fake ID I have seen. Do yourself a favor and give it a try, you wont regret it!"
76561198071088876,Recommended,239030,11605657,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Tasho,amazing truly grittuy ad exciting
76561197993730753,Recommended,239030,10194405,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Volpes,This game makes me sad. Everyone should play it.
76561198031057881,Recommended,239030,11631674,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Adam J,Make another one for the Anniversary!
,Recommended,239030,11693923,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,DesErrDay,it is a very amazing game
76561197962196212,Recommended,239030,11613753,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Menos,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,10626100,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kelemeth,A game has been set aside for you. You will purchase game. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10632954,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SPlissken,"You can shatter people´s hopes and dreams in this game 10/10.But seriously is a great game, addictive and complex in its own way, if you buy this game you won´t regret it. It’s simply incredible."
76561198101557397,Recommended,239030,11696412,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,What Up,A dystopian document thriller.
76561198084806172,Recommended,239030,11542254,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,-pg- cloverfield369,Very fun and challenging game with lots of different choices to change the ending. LET JORGIE THROUGH
,Recommended,239030,592821,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,[ECHO4423],My family died because I wasn't making enough money to support them so they fired me for not having a family to support.
,Recommended,239030,8663418,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Davvyk,"Papers Please is a masterpiece in recreating the modern mundaity of work and its dehumanising effects on us in a modern era of targeted workflows and admin jobs. It managed to make me think about what a game can be , what my attitude towards my working life is and the hierarchies of families. The truly incredible thing is it achieved all this while still somehow managing to deliver a game experience that was still a game and most importantly, fun to play.As a brief setup you play as a border agent processing applications for entry into your fictional eastern European country. You earn money for every applicant you process and you loose money for errors you make in processing.You are made to care about you finances through a pretty simple set of systems. You have a family and you must feed them, heat them, keep them healthy and put a roof over their heads. It’s chest beating “MAN MUST PROVIDE FOR FAMILY” stuff at its most primal but it works pretty well. So well infact that pretty early on in my playthrough I realised that I had subconsciously cut my mother in law and uncle out of my family. After every days work the money was so tight I would rather save the $5 I had left incase of any issues down the line than to maintain my extended family in the form of the mother in law or uncle.That is a pretty starling revelation to realise that a game has, without you even realising, made you think about your family hierarchy and who matters most in times of need. It’s a decision I don’t think many of us in the developed world have to make very often but it made me think of those who must have to face similar decisions on a more regular basis.I have seen it argued that the family aspects of Papers Please don’t work that well as you are given no reason to care for them as they are just a line of text in a menu and you don’t have any real connection to them. I personally found this made the decisions I made in regards to family carry more impact. Family members were being presented as purely positions within a tree rather than characters with personalities that may have given me the basis to change my decisions. Whether that was a genuine design decision or just a function of a small team, it doesn’t really matter. The end result was powerful to me.Fending for your family is the crux of the overall meta game and it provides plenty of purpose to the nitty gritty of processing applicants through your border but its in this processing that Papers Please really starts to shine.Papers Please is an absolute masterclass in UI design. Some people will read that statement and think I have gone crazy. In an age of sleek flat UI an initial glance at Papers Please would lead you to think it’s a complete mess. But that’s the point.I work in a office that focuses solely on the processing of applications. My work day used to comprise of a pile of applications with attached supporting documents that I would then workthrough to deem eligibility for the product we sold.It was always a complete mess and there was never enough room to see everything you needed to make a decision at once. We then moved to a document scanning system and went paper free. This made desks empty but increased the workflow clutter tenfold. A screen can only show so much info at a time and our system only let you view one page at a time. It was slow, frustrating and you always felt like something was in the way of you seeing the whole picture as just that, a whole.Papers please simulates this whole feeling perfectly with its UI. Nothing is automated. For you to receive documents you have to manually pick them up from your counter and arrange them on your workspace which is just a small window in your real life monitor. There is never enough room and documents overlap constantly meaning you always struggle to feel truly efficient.As the days progress and more rules are added to qualify for entry the space just gets less and less and every single additional pressure requires you to manually perform a new action. Not sure on a persons ID? Finger print them, manually hand them the slip, manually check it, manually stamp the passport manually pass them each of their 5 documents one at a time. It sounds like a nightmare but it isn’t and it makes me realise something about our real life working day.People love a rhythm, we like to see repetition because it confirms we know what is happening. Papers Please shows that even when a task is relatively mundane, as long as it has a certain rhythm and you can feel yourself getting better at it over time, there is enjoyment to be had.I genuinely started off slightly stressed playing Papers Please. I was constantly worried about cash and if I was processing enough applicants. Given time though I improved and realised I could afford to support my family (minus those tag alongs). Its right about that time when Papers Please starts to show its narrative head and you realise there is slightly more going on here than at first glance.I won’t ruin specifics as they are some of my favourite moments in the game but you start to see some people at your border control more often than others and each of these people have their own set of requirements from you. It starts off with simple things such as a request to let a wife through (she doesn’t have the right docs) but over time more nefarious requests start to be made that have story consequences for the whole of your nation.These serve to break up the processing of applications very well and they give the whole game a narrative thread from day one through to the end. They also serve as branching points to give the game around 20 different endings. Ive currently seen about six and there is some good variety in there.It’s in these character interactions that I started to think about how much a job can dehumanise us. There are people trying to get through my border that will have zero nefarious intent. They simply have a document that is one day out of date. It doesn’t matter though because they never get put through by me. In a real world situation I would probably ruin lives by taking such a hard line approach but the paycheck justifies some pretty inhumane actions in Papers Please. Papers Please made me think about how many people in real jobs will take the same justification home with them every night.Stylistically Papers Please is also a success. It plays on our preconceptions of eastern Europe in some pretty nice ways. The colour pallet is muted. The music is stereotypical of what we would expect and there is plenty of nationalist imagery. The game over screen even proclaims GLORY TO ARSTOZKA! I’ve never been to eastern Europe so I’ve no idea if any of this hits the nail on the head but it certainly matches our preconceptions of 1980s eastern Europe.Papers Please is a rare game and a game that could only exist in this modern self publishing world we seem to be in now. It’s a measure of how far gaming has come as a medium that a game that simulates a mundane job can be so high on so many people game of the year lists.In previous years a risk such as Papers Please would never have been taken. A singular creators vision had nothing but barriers to overcome if they wanted to get to market. This is no longer the case and I hope Papers Please is the first of many games in the coming years that subvert our expectations as to what a game is.Ultimately, and this is going to sound pretentious, I think Papers Please could prove to be one of the first stepping stones that lets us make strides towards games loosing the tag “game”. The medium can be so much more than the play thing the title “games” suggest and Papers Please proves that."
,Recommended,239030,9870185,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Myrhial,"Having a bureaucratic job was never so fun, or so morally challenging."
,Recommended,239030,981913,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,humanvegetableonline2002,An interesting 4 hours of my life.
,Recommended,239030,7420068,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Spee,This game makes boring interesting.
,Recommended,239030,20136400,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gideon Delta,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_yU4rKLLkEI usually HATE 8-bit games and I'm rarely a fan of RPGs. This game, at face value, seemed like it would be INCREDIBLY boring. I watched someone play it on YouTube, tried the free demo (Google it... it only has the first 8 days and is missing a lot of features added in the final version, but it's a good test of whether or not you'd like it), and I'm now in love with this game.It has a very engaging story that has high stakes. Despite being 8-bit with text bubbles, I found myself caring about the characters. I did anything I could to keep my family alive.There are multiple outcomes all dependant on your deliberate (and sometimes less deliberate) choices. I've only experienced about half of them so far.The game is also very challenging. The first ten days or so are pretty easy (especially after a first play through), however, as you progress all of the information you need to check and be aware of becomes, at times, borderline insane. I love it.Please feel free to check out my Let's Play video introducing and reviewing this game.I highly recommend this game. This is a prime example of not judging a book by its cover."
,Recommended,239030,674511,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Lord Cucumber,"An amazing little gem in Indie land. Play as a customs officer in a fictitious communist country in the 1980's. Follow your orders and check everyone's papers, earn your pay, and your family will not starve. Mess up, and it's off to rehabilitation (a.k.a. New Game). Fantastic stuff!"
76561198023231134,Recommended,239030,10764989,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rainbow Yaz,"I have no idea why, but Papers, Please is a fun game. It is simple, tedious, but I will be damned if it isn't fun to kill a couple of hours. If you have a few extra bucks I would take a chance on this game."
,Recommended,239030,15554917,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Y|yukichigai,"Before I played this game, if someone had told me that I would find comparing and evaluating paperwork to be at all enjoyable I would have called them a liar and a couple other names to boot.  After having played Papers, Please though, I have to admit that - at least in this game - paperwork can be fun.It doesn't seem like such a difficult concept at first: receive documentation from person, examine documentation (and sometimes the person) for any discrepancies, approve and deny as appropriate.  Like many things though, what is explained simply is not so easy to do.  While the game starts off with one document you need to examine, before long you're looking at as many as 5 pieces of paperwork for any one person, each which must be examined for consistency within itself AND compared to all other documentation.  It could be overwhelming, but the difficulty curve of Papers, Please is ramped up perfectly, neither too fast nor too slow.  By the time you're faced with this wall of documentation you're prepared... mostly.I know, I know, what I've described sounds like a harrowing experience.  Yes, it can be tense at times, but for some reason it's also rather fun.  The precise reason why escapes me in part, but a good deal of the enjoyment comes simply from the challenge of trying to figure out when someone is attempting to slip something past you, potentially for nefarious reasons even.  Every forged document, stolen identity, or smuggled bit of explosives you find is a satisfying emotional payoff, a virtual pat on the back for having stopped someone up to no good.Truthfully though, what makes Papers, Please an enjoyable experience isn't so much the gameplay as the story.  Not that the gameplay isn't solid, but much of the appeal would be meaningless without the personal drama that comes across on any given day of it.  Love, death, loss, joy, sadness, humor, all come across in the small conversations and interactions the player character has with the various people he encounters. Mindlessly approving or denying paperwork all day is somewhat trivial, but what if your decision to approve or deny a passport could make the difference between a family being reunited and one being torn apart?  Between true love and tragic loss? What if it could shape the very future of the country you serve?  All of these things come up as part of the plot of Papers, Please, and there's no right or wrong answer to each.  Your actions have consequences, and for better or worse you can see them out.Bluntly put, Papers, Please is a perfect example of how decent plot and unique gameplay can combine to form something greater than the sum of each.  Examined separately, the plot of Papers, Please is a bit derivative, while the gameplay is mostly unique rather than truly gripping.  Combined as expertly as they are, however, leads to a final result that is both highly enjoyable and very memorable."
76561198095941559,Recommended,239030,8667775,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,candiceb,"OK, so you've got a dead end job, stamping passports in a paranoid communist country.  Frankly, I'm amazed the developer pulled this off - how do you turn such a bland, depressing idea into a great game?  And this is a great game!The story makes you make some really tough decisions - it forces you to understand that sometimes bad people are actually just desperate, good people.A word of warning - this game relies on attention to detail... if that isn't your thing, you're probably going to get super frustrated.  If it is, you'll enjoy seeing how you improve on successive play throughs. (The game is pretty short, but has many endings based on your decisions.  A single play through takes me around 4 hrs.)"
,Recommended,239030,10236800,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,deviousgrin,I liked that the bleak atmosphere of the game was unrelenting. I found I took sick satisfaction at denying entry.
,Recommended,239030,20483264,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[R],"This is the videogame equivalent to crystal meth. Once I started, I couldn't stop until I finished rehab. 10/10 would relapse"
,Recommended,239030,12179188,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Loki,"WTF is this!!!! was my first impression of the game. But once I gave it a chance it was suprisingly fun and interesting. You realize you must race against the clock to processes as many papers as possible. Don't process enough and little timmy dies... process to fast and make mistakes and grandma gets sick. The choices the game places before you are moral questions of what's more important to you, your own or others? Not to mention the mezmorising polka music that will be stuck in your head for days on end..Pick it up for a few bucks."
,Recommended,239030,26912629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pwned,"Hey Inspector! It's Jurji, let's go to Arstotzka!"
76561198067372342,Recommended,239030,14057836,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,TheD3rp,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,8273894,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Daisuke,"Papers Please.What is your business?How long will you stay?This doesn't seem like you.You shouldn't have come here.This game, since I started playing after I bought it, I played it nonstop for 3 hours. It is Ridiculously addicting. Best little simple game I have ever played. I highly recommend it.Least now I know how border inspectors feel like when people pass through."
,Recommended,239030,13489706,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Vodkaffee,"I really didn't know what to expext of this game as i never heard of it until i played it, I must say that i haven't played that much yet but I'm loving everything about it so far.The music blends with the ambience of the game, the art is gray and dark, the gameplay is very fun, I'm sure I'll get caught with the game easily as it has a lot of micromanagment and investigation (and an endless mode for never stop playing).I recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,10368850,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,PortalCake,I think I could get a job in an airport now
76561197998304926,Recommended,239030,8555791,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Lister20,"This is a surprisingly addictive game.  I came across it because Wired Magazine called it the best game of 2013.  I was somewhat skeptical, after all, the premise is that you're a border agent inspecting people's passports.  But, this simple premise is masterfully executed to reveal your role as just another cog in the beurocratic machine trying to feed your family and afford the rent."
,Recommended,239030,14666028,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rasmus,One of the best indie games out there. Im really bad at it but its REALLY fun to play.
,Recommended,239030,10599081,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NerdusMaximus,"An absolutely unique and fantastic game. It creates an aura of tedium and monotony that is extremely engaging, and creates a unique and powerful experience. You have to deal with constantly changing regulations, need to maintain some level of accuracy to not get fined, yet you have pressure to pass as many people as possible through in order to feed your family.The game also makes you face countless moral dilemmas (accepting bribes, not allowing a husband to follow his wife due to missing a document, strip searching someone due to questionable gender), and really gives you a great amount of choice, with over 20 possible endings.I think starting the game is probably the hardest part, in that you are thinking ""am I really spending my free time validating hypothetical paperwork""? But I think once you get past those thoughts, you can immerse yourself into a very powerful and profound experience that is hard to find in gaming."
,Recommended,239030,10881897,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cromulon,"Great game, destroy lives with a press of a stamp.Dictate international relations,overthrow goverments who knew controlling passports could be so fun!"
,Recommended,239030,11041625,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chuckles,10/10 would bang
76561198044116171,Recommended,239030,5004993,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,BoredGaming,"This game is just brilliant.  Not only is it more than worth the cost, but they have a free beta version (first some-odd levels) for download to see if you'd like it.  It has an excellent narrative, tricky gameplay, 20 different endings, and you really get wrapped up in the character and the moral choices you have to make.  Easily 10/10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,239030,8207025,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,emnii,"It's hard to describe what's so fun about Papers, Please. To put it simply, the game is about checking the documents of people trying to cross a fictional Eastern Bloc nation's border with ever-changing rules and procedures. It's an oppressive environment as you're constantly choosing between strictly enforcing the rules of your superiors, or bending them at your own expense to do what seems right. You can have people detained for cash. You can take bribes. Everyone seemingly has a story or excuse for their discrepancies. And all the while, the rest of your family is starving and cold because you can't afford food and heat.But it is fun! It's so fun. It's almost entirely mouse-driven, but everything feels perfect. You move the documents onto your desk for closer inspection. Stamping papers makes a satisfying ""kachunk"" sound. Upgrades to your interface bring shortcuts. There's a time limit to each day, and you get paid by the person processed, with fines for screwing up (either intentionally or unintentionally) more than twice. It moves pretty briskly but once I got a rhythm down, I never really felt oppressed by the clock. Everything just works great. I got about five of the 20 endings, and I will probably go back to see if I can find the rest.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,7854707,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Qix,"The early 1980s style graphics, simplistic drag-and-drop interface and harsh repetitive soundtrack set the tone for this bleak and retrospective simulation. It will very quickly have you thinking like a passport control officer. Your ability to check documentation thoroughly will be honed to a fine art. You will have to balance various demands in doing your job and make sure that your income covers the basic costs of life for you and your family."
,Recommended,239030,8457719,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,superfoxzie,Such Fun Many WOW
,Recommended,239030,10595399,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Howl,"After 3 days on the job, I was arrested for delinquency.10/10 Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,2837687,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Digits,"How long will you be staying?-I stay until day I die.The length of your stay is different.-I make mistake, I stay 2 days.Cause not trouble."
,Recommended,239030,8168861,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,streusel,"The most fun I've had, or probably will ever have, as an immigration inspector!"
76561198143467329,Recommended,239030,15916999,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rain,"This game is one of those games you think will have no excitement to it. But as you start having to make decisions about the safety of your family, country (Arstotzka), and yourself, you really wish it would last longer.Your job is to process people at a border patrol station, and you get to deny, detain, and accept people. You have to make sure they have their correct documents, and also that everything is within its expiration time. You can also choose to accept bribes from people, which will get you more money to keep your family alive.I would suggest that you think very carefully about everything you do in this game. It all affects you in the end. Citations, helping people you were ordered not to, the wrath of not helping those people....... THINK CAREFULLY."
,Recommended,239030,10634731,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,(sub)Optimized Gaming,"I got this game while it was 70% off during Summer Sale 2014 after eying it for several months. After reading some reviews, watching the videos, and reading about the gameplay, I thought that it was just going to be a cool little Indie game where you work as a customs official at a newly-opened checkpoint for an imaginary Communist State.I started the game, and becuase it was my first time playing, I was penalized for letting someone pass that I shouldn't have. It was just once, but it wasn't until the end of the day that I relized what I had done: my small error had just cost me heat for my government-issued apartment. Soon, my family was cold, and then got sick when I could not make enough to turn the heat back on, pay for food, and pay the increased rent. I kind of felt bad for them, but hey, it's just a game, right?Wrong. It may be a game, but it embodies so much more.For the millions of people living in the Soviet Union, poor and oppressed, situations like this one were an everyday reality. I can just imagine a poor father trying his best to make a living in a state-owned factory, his wife working another job for practically nothing, trying to support several children, and then one of them gets sick. How do you make ends meet and still keep everyone alive, healthy, and fed?In the game, if one of my family got sick, I could pay for medicine to let them live, but what if I could only do that by not paying for heat or food? DO I let one family member stay sick so that they can all eat, or do I buy medicine to help the sick one now, and possible have the others get sick sooon from lack of food?I am not married (therefore I have no mother-in-law) and have no children of my own yet, so I could not relate to them in the game. But when I saw my Uncle was starving, cold, and sick, I immediantly thought of my own uncle in that state, and no lie, a few tears came to my eyes. Then I thought, what if it was my brother starving? Or my mother sick? Or my father cold? What if I had to go without vital things to help my family because of an oppresive government? What if I was growing up in the Soviet Union?I have heard about the Soviets, and the things they did, in textbooks in class, just like the Holocaust and America's wars, but this game really hit home in making me understand what living in an all-powerful state meant. It means despair. It means hopelessness. It means an everyday struggle just to survive, and a constant attack on your conscience from the choices you have to make just to get by. It means hating yourself for your actions no matter what in situations where there is no right or good option, only bad and worse.I hate myself for turning away a man's wife in the game, desperate to immigrate and start a new life with her husband, but she didn't have the right papers, and I had to make a tough choice -- split apart a loving couple or make sure your family can eat today, and ultimately, with time running out, I had to act against my conscience to protect and support my family.This game made me hate myself, and forced my to think about the reality faced by many of the nameless poor and numerous oppressed I constantly hear about, but can never relate to. I think I understand now a little better now. I think I understand.Recommend 11/10"
76561197994323388,Recommended,239030,27518133,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chosen of Hanseath,This game is a tutorial for all newcomers to Arstozka. They are constantly hiring new border-guys.
,Recommended,239030,7411605,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,subjectifly,"Papers, Please is incredible. But, I have no idea why. I think it has to do with how they tie an emotial investment into what is basically a photo hunt game. Heed this warning, however: I played for 7 hours and thought it was only 3 or 4 hours. Don't play this if you have to get up in the morning."
,Recommended,239030,10909181,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Princess Cameron,When you tell people about this game it sound like a simple game. But underneath its a complex game of moral choices. That is the reason this game is so good because it is complex with a simple cover.
,Recommended,239030,20495942,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Fat Cunt,I really do like this game I do recommend buying this
,Recommended,239030,11007886,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,AlphaDeltaEcho,You will realize the genius of this game when you try to explain it to your friends. It might just make you a little more empathetic toward the plight of bureaucrats.
,Recommended,239030,26156123,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,GiGGa,Was never asked for papers. At least they said please.9/10 good manners
76561198117270855,Recommended,239030,8307209,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,3.14,"Ah, Papers Please, how I have spent countless hours playing this super addictive game! Why it is so addictive I know not, yet somehow, it is. It seems as each day goes on you want to be faster and make more money. If no money is made then you cant buy food, medicine, and heat. And, if you cant buy that then your family will be sick thus resulting in later death, thus ending the game. And each time I made a mistake I found myself trying even harder next time to spot the discrepency. I almost think it is like a spot the difference game but more fast paced. So I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to spend countless hours owning a passport station."
,Recommended,239030,7977053,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Downfeather,"Arstotzka so great, passport not required. Right?"
,Recommended,239030,8939619,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mr. Hanktastic,Glory to Arstotzka. Jorgi = Character of the Year 2013.
76561198054039237,Recommended,239030,8006613,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,R. norvegicus,"As someone who has spent over 30 years working as an immigration officer in a small, Eastern European country, I felt right at home."
,Recommended,239030,484770,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,| r1nce |,This game is unbelievable!You won't believe that you'll enjoy being a border guard for a communist state. You won't believe how motivated you'll become to check paperwork. You won't believe that you'll corrupt yourself in the process. You won't believe how it makes you think and feel. And you won't believe me until you've played it.Just buy it and thank me later.
76561198045133849,Recommended,239030,8896833,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BarneyRound,Is there an ending where you don't end up in prison?
,Recommended,239030,9599482,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[NOOB] Rolandino,Bhoorlijk verontrustend...
,Recommended,239030,2885305,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,RoseyLexi,It shouldn't be fun. It doesn't sound like fun. BUT IT'S REALLY FUN. Glory to Arztotska!
,Recommended,239030,9243613,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Cup Souls,"This ''game'' is so fun that all i have to do is stare at passports and simply let people in and out. I am now left cutting myself into ribbons in deep melancholy after watching my life shatter in front of me at the fact that i wasted $8.00 on a ''game'', as each minute passes another slice of my arm is slowly but surely dissapearing while i write a short poem describing the misery that i suffer through every day and every minute as i stare at passports laughing at every person who actually said ''tis a good game, buy it.''10/10 Would play this game again, I have a big wang and may ''god'' strike you down with a thick non-transparent load of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239030,7413568,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Blackcat,"Glory to Arstotzka !Now i know what feeling be a immigration inspectorKeeping your conscience clear ?You can make huge revolution ?Or just become greedy immigration inspector ?Whatever...Next ! Papers, Please"
76561198025621082,Recommended,239030,15791232,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Paranoid Android,East Germany simulator 2013
,Recommended,239030,15842569,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,"Best Game, Best LandGlory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,15844215,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,FICUS,"Brutal. In a great way, but brutal."
,Recommended,239030,15876409,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,eughshutupkatie,"Not entirely sure why I get and enjoy this game, but I do."
,Recommended,239030,15891553,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,AwCmonPuddin,"Stupidly fun.Papers Please is a point and click puzzle game. You are in control of who can and who cannot enter Arstotzka.  But be careful, there are consequences to your decisions."
76561198070510168,Recommended,239030,10279536,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,TiberiumWars,Best game ever made 10/10 not joking
,Recommended,239030,16053677,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Danksama,Dystopian bureaucracy sim. Arstotzka best country.
,Recommended,239030,1897942,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Mondeladas [PT],Amazing game !!! :D
76561198028517616,Recommended,239030,15211002,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rawd123,"I know this game is well over a year old but I felt that it was good enough after me finally completing it to come back and do a review. 'Papers Please' is a deeply immersive 2D simulation. It gives you the relatively boring and repeditive job of being an immegration control officer and makes it fun with it's rich narrative and complementary art style. The mechanics of the game also change based on the narrative and really make the communist and authoritarian world your playing in feel all that more real as the ruels to immegration change based on the will of your nation. The many multiple endings and the achievements for the game also add to the experience and don't just feel like last minute 'tack on's' to make the game look or feel like what many would conisder 'a real game should look like'. No instead each achievement and each ending earned is something unique and either gives you context to the world in which you find yourself or it makes you question things such as the value of freedom in our own world. While I was a tad dissapointed with the meer   4 - 5 hours of game time in the main story mode of the game, none of that 4 - 5 hours was in any was dissapointing. This game will definatly leave you with a yerning for more and while I am a tad upset to have heard that Lucas Pope does not plan to do anything further with this title, I would still STRONGLY RECOMMEND it to be part of any decent steam library."
,Recommended,239030,8283460,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Professional Printer Wrangler,Best passport stamping simulator of all time.
76561198085292329,Recommended,239030,7784790,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Andy_MineP,"This game is awesome.Game info: You play as an inspector at a border checkpoint working 12 hours, every day checking info of any types of entrant and decides who gonna enter Arstotzka and who gonna be turned back or arrested.This game contect 13 achievements, 20 endings and a lot of fun. Be awere of spies, smugglers and terrorists that may ruin your day. But only not you need to manage your job but also your familiy.It takes some time to get in use with this game, but you will understand it soon."
,Recommended,239030,7949242,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Gay?,"To be honest, when I first looked at this game I thought it was garbage, boring, and a joke, so I bought it feeling that it would be comidicly bad (It's my weird sense of humor), but once I started playing it a while, I actualy started to get into the game a bit. It's a lot more interesting and creative than I originaly thought and over all, I feel like I got my money's worth. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198168042665,Recommended,239030,15340848,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Eddie Murphy,"This game is dare i say near perfect, a grim thriller with a fun addictive gameplay macanic and alot of replayability.U r a man from a small village who has been picked at random through a labour lottory to work at the east grestin border checkpoint.The objective of the game is to look through all of the persons papers make sure they're ok and approve them so they can go to the country of Arstotszka.Sounds simple right? mother f***king wrong,everyday a new rule is added which makes very new day more and more stressfull than the last. the first day only people from Arstotszka can go through,the next day fourginerss r let through but they're passport must be valid.The next day everybody need a valid entery ticket to go through etc etc.All that combined with the fact that theres a family at home that needs food and heat and medicene if there sick.AND u need to pay rent.all that with some collectible tokens along the way for being a good guy but making the wrong desitions bisnuss wize makes this game a 9.5/10 one of the greatest indie games out there."
,Recommended,239030,26778257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Said_El_Ghandour,This game is really  good. I absolutely love it. Glory to Arztozka.
,Recommended,239030,7786701,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,pavi132,"This game is compelling in a way I can't even describe because it is so different from anything I've experienced before. Essentially, the gameplay boils down to being a TSA agent, but the setting, atmosphere, and music somehow manage to turn that into something so much more. You find yourself doing to people what you would hate having done to you if you were attempting to get through security at an airport or border all because of orders handed down to you and the family you are trying to protect. Do you deny someone you know is going to do something terrible despite him having all the correct documents? Do you turn away someone desperate to escape a terrible situation because his passport expired a day ago? Do you invade a person's privacy to determine their sex? It's a strange position to find yourself in and all of these scenarios add an interesting level of morality to your decisions. You keep wanting to play to see what happens next, what rules change, and what people show up at your gates. The endless mode and the multiple possible endings in the story mode add to the replayability of the title, and trust me, you will want to know what else can possibly happen based on the choices you made throughout the game. Overall, it's a fun and very interesting game. 8/10."
,Recommended,239030,1792263,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,CEM,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,8375427,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,KOREAN YEEZUS,i like the guy that doesnt have a passport. hes a good guy.
76561198025203147,Recommended,239030,8190305,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dunkus The Terrible,One of the most harrowing but definitely brilliant games I've played in a while. Felt the need to put that out there.
76561198040121462,Recommended,239030,8615374,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,TheFallenAngel,"I don't know if it's the music, the story or the gameplay. Everything seems to just add up to the atmosphere of this brilliant minimalistic game. Old school gaming with 80's graphics are a plus in this case, but the subtleties of its political and strategical references are so genius that I just keep on playing, no matter how hard it is."
,Recommended,239030,8978492,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Orion,Don't like papers please?There is a discrepancy in your statement....Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,8438359,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Max,"OK, so I'm sure that when you are reading this review, that you are probably sceptical about getting this game. I think, though, that this game is worth buying for a multitude of reasons. This game requires the player to be very observant. I find it interesting that everything you do in this game affects the story line. I do recommend this game for people who like the Stanely Parable and other strategy games.Brief Overview (Don't worry, no spoilers...): You have just won the labor lottery, giving you a job working for border patrol. While working for the patrol you have to accept or deny people into the country based on their criminal record, ID, and etc. Some people try to forge documents and illegaly get into the country. You can choose to help the country with its corrupt government, or you can gain the trust of the country and try to destroy it from the inside.Even though all you do is click your mouse and choose wether people are entering or not, I find this game very fun and neat.   8.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,8024708,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,yakub,gud
76561198064471170,Recommended,239030,13711690,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CaptainAllcock,"I really enjoyed papers please, played it through a couple of times after I got to the best ending.It's really good fun, makes you think not only about how to get quicker at letting people through but allso if you should let through certain people or not. It questions your morals by comparing your needs against those of others.BUY IT, PLAY IT, LOVE ITGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
76561198099434952,Recommended,239030,9132175,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Goobernugget,"Papers, Please is an amazing retro styled, distopian game, also with such a cheep price, it gives you a  well experience of a communist country called ""Arisotzka"" (sorry if that is a typo) You struggle as a immirgration booth attendant seeing if peoples pasports are right. With the rules of immigration changing you may find yourself taking time just to get one person through. Also trying to keep four family members healthy, you have to spend the low ammounts of money you may be earning. With this struggle you may find tempations on buying a new booth. You can even get beta versions of the game giving you a better look. Although it is a retro game, there is not much to look at in the background for this, I give it a 8 out of 10!"
76561197995530036,Recommended,239030,11880517,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,kryos,"This game is perfect for germans, because ""Ordnung muss sein.""Live through all your fantasies of denying visas because the person in question is not overweight and have a laugh at their attempts to fool you with forged documents.The setting is convincing the music fitting perfectly fine.The possibility to unlock/see 20 different endings adds replayability, while upgrading your instruments of scrutiny keeps you entertained. The tone is dark and not obeying superiors can quickly lead to forced labor, but why wouldnt you enjoy following direct orders?Have fun playing this 9€ piece of 24carat bureaucratic gold."
,Recommended,239030,8353392,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jinja,"This is probably my game of the year. I'm not sure why it keeps bringing me back. It is, objectively, very repetitive. But the atmosphere is great and you are confronted with many morally dubious choices - that is both choices you can make may seem like the moral one depending on your point of view. I'm sure someone more eloquent than me can go one about the various questions about society the story raises. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,239030,14077502,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Avulsion,"Strangely engaging, but not fun in the traditional manor, if you can find it on sale it is worth a buy."
,Recommended,239030,9490462,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,KaseydeaGamez,"A strangely addictive game, dark at time but alot of fun. Lots of replayabilty as there are many endings."
76561197992136969,Recommended,239030,1363434,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Quartermaine,"Voted best ""Stop the boats"" Simulator for '13"
,Recommended,239030,13730100,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,thepanzerjac,strangely addicting
,Recommended,239030,14251925,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,repdetect0,"Papers plzThis game shouldnt be as hard, as realistic, and as awesome as it is.But it do."
,Recommended,239030,10627460,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,d3kr,"If you trust me, you'll buy this game."
,Recommended,239030,13426197,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,paulie,+great plot and story format+amazing sound design and music+multiple endings for more playthroughs+gloomy yet atmospheric setting-controls are sometimes frustrating
,Recommended,239030,5466435,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Thunder Maze,Surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,239030,13532554,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,onna,"Truly unique indie gem that deserves whatever price it costs for you who're reading this. I probably ain't able to explain the gameplay the way it should be explained, but seriously, give it a chance anyway. It's damn addicting!"
,Recommended,239030,13561542,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BloodMalika,"Family died, I let a terrorist kamikaze the soldiers, and made the mistake of letting a man in that had a woman's passport.10/10 Would lose job again."
76561197993236460,Recommended,239030,13538588,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Food and such,"This game is brutally depressing. The way it's structured, the difficulty of the game play, the complexity of visuals and the feeling of being overwhelmed throughout seems pretty damn accurate to being a border agent. Immigration is so corrupt and there are so many arbitrary designations denying people the ability to move freely in the world. Borders are a facsimile that should not exist. This game does a good job of capturing a lot of that corruption and arbitrary unfairness of rules and regulations that make no sense."
,Recommended,239030,8291944,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,yodaddy,"I love Papers, Please. I have spent many hours debating whether or not to let somebody in to the glory of Arstotzka.  It's a brilliant game."
76561198057876907,Recommended,239030,13554075,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ToomasH,"A great game, that is very simplistic in it's elements, but very addictive as it gets progressivly harder. It has a unique style and a great sense of humour.Definitely reccommend to try."
,Recommended,239030,29967839,Posted: 16 February,all,[GER]Rubbellos,i don't like point and click games.BUT this game is extreeeeeeme awesome
,Recommended,239030,8567351,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,doctorsleem,"Unlike any other game I've played. Reminds me a bit of the anti-piracy measures in the old Sierra Police Quest games. Definitely a trip, and a challenge. And it's deeper than it may let on at first. Gotta give it a go at least a few times. All in all, worth $10 -- buy this one."
,Recommended,239030,9204225,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Breakfast King,High octane passport checking action in a wonderful collectivist utopia.
,Recommended,239030,9213155,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,serpentdav,"the choices you make have very different outcomes but you always end up with a weird flavorful melancholy and this is a good thing. also it is hella difficult to keep all the rules and regulations in mind, so this is good for people with strong memories."
76561198053324618,Recommended,239030,9253701,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,AjayRedonkulus,"I have never cried at a game of such questionable graphics. Papers, Please is a roller coaster of emotion that will leave you broken hearted and laughing at the top of your voice. So much emotion and humanity squeezed into a game that visually would have worked on the SNES. That is not to its discredit, it was a choice I am sure, and that choice paid off. You could honestly believe the game was conceived behind the Iron Curtain. Utterly fantastic. 9.9999999/10"
76561198077630202,Recommended,239030,8344203,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PRINCEF TAAANX,It is eaisly a game that you will play through several times. You really get to learn what kind of person you are. There is complaints from people I know about the graphics but to me that is a practical and artistic choice. Hope you liked it as much as I did!. It also helped in a job where I had to check different documents.
76561198026429949,Recommended,239030,12501441,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sexual Healing,"Overall: Pretty solid and addicting for what it is!A great game if you like puzzles/spotting the difference type games. Gives you a feeling that someone is breathing down your neck every time you make a decision. The fact that its timed in its own way adds a level of anxiety to it (in a good way), and the family aspect makes your choices feel like they have consiquences. The little side storys that come and go are amusing too, and add to the replay value and fun of it all. A fantastic way to waste some time."
,Recommended,239030,12098474,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,kaíbe,"Very good game, it is funny and story is amazing. You can play it multiple times and get all different endings.!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198003727633,Recommended,239030,13453631,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,otacon4781,The most original game I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,239030,11169722,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ruski,"I don't have a great deal of time for gaming. With that in mind, consider the fact that I spent almost 24 hours of my time playing this game. A full day. There are games that cost 6 times this amount that don't offer 24 hours of gaming content. In short, this game is powerfully addictive, cute, funny, challenging and entertaining. If you're looking for something different, with a little bit of a old-school vibe, this just might be the game for you."
,Recommended,239030,8288901,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bugginz,you get to be racist and win
76561197985592260,Recommended,239030,7762694,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,BiggerJ,THIS IS GOOD GAME. BE BUYING THIS GAME. GAME PLAY IS CHALLENGES AND INTERACTING ARE LIMITED BUT HAVING MEANINGS. BE BUYING THIS GAME. THIS POST WAS WRITE OF FREE WILL. BUY GAME. BUY GAME.
76561198004474534,Recommended,239030,9142830,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,lilromimi,"So you are a borders control officer in this simple looking game.To begin you are checking passports - yeah that guys face matches his picture, passport number mhm... simple enough.Daily you are assigned new tasks, soon immigrants require further paperwork which all must be checked and stamped so you know it isn't a forgery.  Then they require proof of vaccines as polio hits the country... then there are faces of the country's most wanted you must watch out for as well as doing your job.The game becomes a test of your scrutiny and vigilance towards the documentation and dialogue as you approve or decline individuals and hope as you call ""next"" that a little print out doesn't appear on your desk telling you why the last person's checks were incorrect.You are monitored!To add further problems, you encounter various characters coming through your booth.There is the chap who seems nice enough with his hand drawn passport but no you cannot just let through anyone!Then there is the guy who dumps a bomb at your window!Then there is the ever elusive order.  It is up to you how you deal with this vigilante group.  Do you support them with their promises to keep you safe or do you maintain your honesty and deny them their requests.At the same time there is corruption and you are ordered by your superiors to let certain individuals through against the rules.At the end of every day you go home with whatever scrapings you made from bribes, rewards and efficiency at your work.  You can save money by denying your family heat and food but they will get sick and you must pay for medicine.This game for whatever reason is addictive!  I enjoy playing it and am curious to discover all 20 endings and somehow unlock the endless mode.  People complain about the price but for the hours you get out of it, it is not to be sniffed at."
,Recommended,239030,10280974,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,JAZIE,"Пролетарии всех стран, соединяйтесь! 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 劉曉波"
76561197973803028,Recommended,239030,636257,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,*Ҳҳ Markise ҳҲ*,This is probably one of the strangest games i have ever played in my life.  It is exactly what it looks like.  You play a person that controls whether or not someone gets into the country (fictional) country you live in.  The game is very addictive and i would recommend it only for its originality and the fact that a single person produced this game.   That and I hade a lot of fun so far.  Give this guy money :)
,Recommended,239030,9694525,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,mammy octpus,i must be good at job but i like jorji too much. this is only bug
,Recommended,239030,16458560,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cum oboma 43rd president of th,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA.
76561198044125086,Recommended,239030,13761480,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Happi Go Lucky,Whole family was sick. Killed mother-in-law and uncle.Had to choose between wife and son later on. Depression. Stopped playing so they wouldn't die10/10 would start new file
76561198044837477,Recommended,239030,8297109,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Muz,"Absolutely brilliant, interesting game. So simple yet I found it hugely compelling and quite upsetting too. You are an immigration officer who is fortunate enough to win the labour lottery and have to work at border control, deciding whether people can cross the border into the country. What starts out so simple becomes increasingly complex as you have to make emotional decisions - do you let the pimp in and earn your money to feed your family or do you reject him and save potential hurt for many women? Buy the game and make your decisions! :)"
76561198049603399,Recommended,239030,10592573,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mrfonyblony,"A girl gave me a note saying i am ""hot like fire"". this is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,3771664,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,GoldenSilver1000,"Weirdly addicting and fun. I mean seriously, it's a game about border control and paper work, and some how someone made a great game around that."
,Recommended,239030,27716372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Elendic,"Like paper management? Enjoy the thrills of stamping passports? Love calling the guards that drag away an probably not that bad but somewhat annoying person just wanting too pass through your country and some goverment employee stamped the wrong expiration date?Then this is the game for you, only you. No one else try it."
,Recommended,239030,3579788,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Kerma,"""Papers, Please"" is a cold-war era alternate earth game where you inspect people's papers at a border crossing and either deny or pass them based on if their papers are correct, or depending on the situation, based on your morality.It's a very ""serious"" game, but has the potential to be extremely funny as well, usually with dark humor. Take for example the man named ""Jorji Costava"" (A pun on George Costanza) a man who repeatedly tries to get through the border crossing with papers so effortless (""Arstotzka so great, you don't need a passport!"") that it just makes you laugh as you repeatedly call authorities to haul his♥♥♥♥♥to prison.""tupac alive in artotzka, tupac making album of artotzka . fast rap tupac artotzka. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac... you are ppoor stink kolechian... you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a yurt2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the kolechian farm aminal with rap magic now we the artozkan rule"""
76561198096201691,Recommended,239030,10593571,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dolphin109,Unique and fun
,Recommended,239030,7956041,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gccc,Learn how communism works.
76561198051754194,Recommended,239030,8444745,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tribreso,"In ""Papers, please"" you play as the immigration inspector of a fictional communist dictatorship; you have to control passport and documents of the immigrants, and you need to learn how to identify swindlers and terrorists. Not many mistakes are allowed or you will loose your job or, worse, you will be prosecuted.The game is certainly unique, surprisingly addictive and pervaded by a marvellous cynism: you can really win the game only if you behave as a faithful citizen of Arstotzka. You can resist and oppose... but you will simply loose the game.I found it brilliant.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,10175216,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,jinxdory,"Papers Please is fun for a while, but after you fail and have to restart a couple of times it sarts to get pretty tedious. I believe that the entire game was meant to be played through in one sitting, because its hard to continue the game once it is started. But overall its pretty good for a game about reviewing immigrant papers. I think it gets,4/5 for art, the graphics blended well with the gameplay and you could easily distinguish what was going on.5/5 for soundtrack, It was very relaxing and easy to listen to.3/5 for gameplay, it does get tedious but is entertaining most of the time.7/10 overall,  its fun and entertaining*EDIT* can be played in more than one sitting and isnt that tedious after further investigation."
,Recommended,239030,8794740,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MissBunny,This game shouldn't be fun. You play as a passport inspector. Sounds horridly boring right? But it's not. Searching through the details is oddly part of the fun. There is a slight story line with 20 different endings and choices you'll have to make. It's graphics are simple yet charming and full of nostalgia. The sound effects while not many are spot on and the characters will make you laugh. Glory to Arstotzka! 9/10
,Recommended,239030,7778313,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,767-300ER,"This is hands-down one of the very best games I have ever played.  The story is great.  Not much in the way of graphics, but it isn't that kind of game.  You will be addicted.  I spent 2+ hours in my first sitting.  It's a bit frustraiting if things don't go quite right, but so fun once you are into it.  Best $10 I have ever spent!"
76561197961801444,Recommended,239030,7820226,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,TakeNotez,Hours of fun.
,Recommended,239030,11812851,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Delmaru,"This game is fun. It's all about careful reading, and being fast about it. It's essentially a game with only text, and if you don't like that, you probably won't like this game. For others though, this is an experience you will not get with any other game. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for something new."
,Recommended,239030,4878563,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,The Pyro's Pocket,"This game needs another look. At first glance it seems to be merely a boring subpar puzzler, when actually it needs a second chance to show its true colours.You have a job in immigration control on the border of Russia – sorry, “Arstotzka” – to control the flow of people into the country. You may choose to admit or refuse each person who walks up to the desk. Some will have the wrong entry permit; some will have forged their documents; some may have simply changed their name, and you will have to check against official records whether he or she uses an alias. A few people may try to bribe you with money that is hard to get hold of in the current economic climate, and you will have to choose to be kind or professional.There are an impressive 20 ways to finish the game, depending on what choices you make, from joining a criminal organisation to escaping the country with a stolen passport. Gameplay involves administration of the papers according to the rule book, which is constantly changing and any discrepancy should be challenged to see if the entrant has anything reasonable to say, e.g. the various expiry dates must agree with the current date.It’s all about attention to detail, and how quickly and efficiently you notice the mistakes. The game is perfect, maybe even a masterpiece."
,Recommended,239030,11712073,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Bruins79,"Alright.Documents are up to date.Photo matches up.Height and weight look about right.The passport was issued in a valid city.No typos or discrepancies in the name across the documents.ID numbers are consistent.Reason for visit and length of stay check out.M.O.A. seals look valid.Perfect.Green stamp.Give the documents back.""Cause no trouble.""He walks out....click click click click...MOA CITATION: INVALID GENDER-5 Credits...Great.I can't afford medicine for my son now.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,8448842,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Violapunk,"I can't stop, won't stop."
76561198034755049,Recommended,239030,8290304,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jagams,"Oddly fun, considering it's a game about paper pushing. Good humor, music, and even a little challenging."
76561198148109270,Recommended,239030,11616461,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ToAsTyCyPrEsS,This is a very fun and addicting game to play. It has both a storymode and an Endless mode. Whenever I catch a discrepancy I feel very accomplished. Graphics are good and the people  you encounter areintriguing. Cool story and interesting mechanics. Only downside is the limited replayability due to the repetition of the task. The two different modes were hardly distinqushed enough to really seem different. Do not let the repetition deter you from buying. Great and unique game. Strongly Recommend.+ Cool Graphics+ Interesting Story+ Accomplished Feeling- Replayability- RepetitiveOVERALL:  8.5 / 10
76561198050459709,Recommended,239030,10672321,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,UnafraidEarth,Brilliiant highly addictive for such simply game
,Recommended,239030,13280801,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,edge911 へ‿(ツ)‿ㄏ,"A story of a poor commoner whose decisions affects people’s fates or even more… a future of the whole Arstotzkan NationWhat do You want?A passport control inspector’s hard work sim?A mental & physical “pressure” of a totalitarian state?Family budget management principles?To take a part in antiterrorist Arstototzka state’s countermeasures operations?To become a corrupt officer? Or to be a fair guy with Arstotzka state M.O.A “reward”?To help local or foreign intelligence agency, to take a part in a very clandestine organization? To solveJules Verne’s“Mathias Sandorf”-like cryptopuzzles?To have aBAFTAGames “Best strategy & simulation 2014” awarded game?……you can find all of these in justonegame:Papers, Please!Anyway…__ ,                                         |       ,-| ~   ,,                            ,        |      ('||/__, ||                           ||        |     (( |||  | ||  /'\\ ,._-_ '\\/\\       =||=  /'\\ |     (( |||==| || || ||  ||    || ;'        ||  || || |      ( / |  , || || ||  ||    ||/          ||  || || |       -____/  \\ \\,/   \\,   |/           \\, \\,/  |                              (                       |                               -_-                    |    ___                                                  |   -   -_,               ,          ,      ,,         /\ |  (  ~/||               ||         ||      ||     _   \/ |  (  / ||  ,._-_  _-_, =||=  /'\\ =||= /\\ ||/\  < \, }{ |   \/==||   ||   ||_.   ||  || ||  ||   /  ||_<  /-|| \/ |   /_ _||   ||    ~ ||  ||  || ||  ||  /\\ || | (( ||    |  (  - \\,  \\,  ,-_-   \\, \\,/   \\,  || \\,\  \/\\ <> |                                        /                |                                       (,P.S.Idon’trecommend to turn on the antiarstotzkan capitalistic in-game “Easy Mode” option,it involves increment in inspector’s minimal daily wage…"
,Recommended,239030,5207267,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Utena Tenjou,"This is the GOTY 2013.There is no game that will make you think more about who you are, as a person, than Papers, Please.There is no game that will force you to consider what you would be willing to do, than Papers, Please.There is nothing like this, from the way the story is presented, to the moral choices you make, to the way the game plays out.If you haven't already played Papers, Please; You should, right now."
76561197997485806,Recommended,239030,10286590,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Anyone,You can be corrupt.10/10
,Recommended,239030,9785176,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Attilion,"Truly a GOTY. Deep, meaningful and frightening experience about onself as a gamer and human being. OCD gamer will have the time of thier livesVraiment, le jeu de l'année. Une expérience enrichissante qui vous fera vous questionner sur vous en tant que joueur et être humain. Les obsessionnels compulsifs vont adorer."
76561198001485395,Recommended,239030,11607517,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,RobinTahHood,"Papers, Please. The wacky, quirky, funny, and zany new entry to the modern day workplace fantasy genre. Some commonly asked questions about this game are: What is the objective? What is the story? Why do your parents hate you? Who do you play as? Is your Dad ever coming back? Simple answer: I have no clue. I bought this in the steam summer sale because it was like 5 bucks and never played it. Solid DadGone/Dad'sBack or 0/10."
,Recommended,239030,11775690,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ctephen Surry,"So, i recently purchased Papers Please. At first I was thinking ""I hope I didn't wate 5 bucks"". But by day 2, I was having the lulz of my life. Its more then just checking papers, like for instance, my good buddy Jorji comes up to me in the game and he says, ""Arstotzka is so great, who need pass port"". That gave me the giggle of my life. Me and him, we became buds. All Jorji ever wanted to do was sneak drugs and not be robbed the oppurtunity of over 9000 lulz and over 9000 smiles. Then there are the others like the watch dude. He came to me, I held his watch and he says ""Theres scratche! I want money back! What is your name?"" Thats when I said ""HOW BOUT CHRIS HANSON FOR YA BUD CHRIS HANSON!"" And then detained him. Point is that this game has made me have a phokin giigle and have Over 9000 denials, and over 9000 smiles as I pay the rent with my dead son in the apartment im trying to afford in the game.All in all, I give this game 8/8 would no scope papers again m8"
,Recommended,239030,8672489,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,zo,"This game is a simulator, but its a bit different. You play as a border guard guy and your job is to check everybodies passports to see if they have discrepencies in them. But as the game goes on securaty (I don't know how to spell that) gets tougher and more chances you'll get citationsAt some stages you will have to make decisions like one where this girl gives you a note saying that someone will take her passport and will force her to work at a brothel, I helped her but some people didn't.with all the stuff you need to do the game gets stressful. But of course there has to be some flaws, some times the game encouroge you to let people in just so you can get a few credits. All the flaws aside this is still a solid game 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,11614568,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Reichssender,"Welcome to 1984.A simple, but addictive puzzle game that will severely test your observation and memory skills; all set to a good story in a crumbling war-torn country.Throughly enjoyable. Recommended!"
,Recommended,239030,9300769,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"Was fun for hour or two, then got repetetive, also i got weird when i played it at work. So in the end, it's fine piece of art, but  eventually gets very boring."
,Recommended,239030,13539625,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,thesoundboy,addictive. heartbreaking. hilarious. original.just get it.i did.
,Recommended,239030,13225231,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,highdiddly stonerino,this game is hot like fireit is object of desireit wrap my heart in wireapprove my review
,Recommended,239030,13628834,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mom's Spaghetti,Approving visas has never been this fun
,Recommended,239030,13540394,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pedro,"Jut bought it given the reviews and the 75% off sale at 2.74, figured it had to be worth 3 bucks!After 2ish hours I find myself not wanting to go to bed.  This game is just tricky enough to keep things interesting but not so difficult that I want to put the game away.Lots of matching and looking around, you have to look at EVERYTHING and even what appears to be a legit Yes, can somehow turn into a No, because you overlook something simple like the expiry of the passport or the gender (admittedly, multiple times).This game does a great job of recreating the monotony of repetitive work, which leads to mistakes and lack of attention to detail, but is still fun as I found myself getting genuinely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for my performance failures so I started taking notes and trying to commit key details to memory so not having to waste time looking it up in the manual.Great job devs, what a pleasant change of pace in gaming for me, and I'm sure plenty of others.Worth 20 at reg price, DEFINITELY worth 3 bucks on sale!"
,Recommended,239030,13544003,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The entire equine,"At first, I thought this game looked like something I would never enjoy, but I got it because someone told me it was good.I decide to boot it up, just to see how it was before I went to bed, next thing I know, the sun is up and I'm silently whispering ""Glory to Arstotzka"" over and over to myself as I deny people entrance the great country.10/10100/100game of the year"
,Recommended,239030,13562109,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rald,At day 8 all my family members diedRIP
,Recommended,239030,13501386,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,H-lee,Nice game with a nice story...
,Recommended,239030,13440680,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Igor Alfa,"You just need to push the play button  and ask for papers in order to enjoy this game. Awesome, fantastic, great, magnificent, etc. All commeds for this game !!"
76561198052359257,Recommended,239030,10541891,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,binkytime,Really unexplainably addictive timewaster game
,Recommended,239030,13883384,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ahmadys,Well . a game like that need some subtitelsbtw .. enjoyed it ;)my rate 8\10 for a game that worth 10$
76561197996874543,Recommended,239030,12226870,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Stannis the Mannis,In a parallel universe i would have started playing this  game on my intel386 back in 1994 and i would still play it today.This game is timeless fun.
,Recommended,239030,13960852,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,El Grego,"First things first: Don't be fooled by the ancient graphics circa 1990.  This game is an exciting title in all the sense of the world.  Your skills will be tested,  your loyalty will be tested, and even your principles will.You play as a boder employee, in charge of entry to Arstotzka.   Your duties are to check if applicants meet the current requirements to enter, but it doesn't end there.  You'll face terrorist attacks, criminals and people that rely on you to break the rules (or not) to help them.  In a nutshell, your decisions have some actual weight in this title.  High replay value, entertaining and absolutely recommended.  10/10"
76561198092073090,Recommended,239030,13966527,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Skintick,Very well done. You really feel the impact and tension of making sure you are doing what you need to do.
,Recommended,239030,13887380,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ElPwno,"An intelligently disigned indie puzzle game, ""Papers, Please"" takes you to experience something new and fun. The decissions you take actually affect the outcome, which was (at least for me) unexpected from a simple indie game. Papers, Please is definetly a one-of-a-kind game and a great addition to any library."
,Recommended,239030,13496877,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MuZaRd,Nice game that doesn´t suck.
,Recommended,239030,15763277,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dean Winchester,"This is one of those games that really took me by surprise. Bought it because I was looking for a stupid little game to play and had stumbled across this. Gameplay is simplistic and requires little skills beyond reading. However, it takes a very certian skill set to master. Who would have thought that sitting at a check point checking passports could be so much fun?"
,Recommended,239030,13940570,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,>ᚾᛁᚷᛟᛚᚨᛋ,A great but rather grim game. makes for a great game and considering it was made by one guy its brilliant!10/10 would play again
,Recommended,239030,10696950,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jeb Bush,"This game is fantastic and addicting and more than meets the eye (but in a cooler, more oppressive way than transformers). Yes buy."
,Recommended,239030,10800715,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RuiRego,Wasting time in the most perfect way!I take lots of breaks because it's repetative but its great if you love simple and entertaining games.
,Recommended,239030,1483944,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Naffer,"Unique, stimulating and engaging in all the best ways"
76561197988312871,Recommended,239030,10788378,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Potato,Vri fun game
76561198085741664,Recommended,239030,10787187,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,gmcnam,Glory to Artstoska
,Recommended,239030,10775537,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,.Dylan,One of the most interesting game experiences I've ever had.
,Recommended,239030,10792479,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ティムです,"Very inresting and beautiful game!Thanks for developer C:So, if you want to play something new, but this game!"
76561197961624223,Recommended,239030,10634271,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LAGGY JOS,Took a bribe ended up in jail...10/10 Best game for its money by far
76561198078276059,Recommended,239030,10666914,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Duchainz,Never in my life did I think I would have fun being border control.
76561198001206822,Recommended,239030,10677768,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Metalfish,"The banality of evil shown beautifully. And nothing is more banal than powerless beaurcratic simulation. I guess, it's technically a puzzle game. Yet somehow, despite its subject matter, it's compelling and pleasing to play. Papers, Please is one of the best pieces of sociopolitical commentary in games.  It is /the best/ example of mechanics-as-message I can think of.I don't know if you'll like it, but you should play it: it's astonishing. And if you're games designer, it should be mandatory. There's no quick time events here, chief."
,Recommended,239030,10609470,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ham85,No wonder immigration officers are always♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.
,Recommended,239030,10906484,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,spud,"This game was pretty cool but I'm pretty much over it now. I wouldn't recommend buying it full price but if you can get it on sale 1/2 price then its worth it.Some interesting characters and interactions in the game. Good concept, just wish there was more to it."
,Recommended,239030,10896090,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Seaweed Champion,"While the indie gaming revolution has brought a lot of side-scrolling retro-platformer clones, it also has allowed games like Papers, Please to be released to the public and thrive. The premise of being an immigration officer seems like an absurd concept for a game, but Papers, Please boils down to a familiar puzzle format, tasking you with finding differences between multiple sets of information. The game becomes intense as more and more rules pile on and you attempt to get through them as fast as possible to meet your quota. earning the necessary funds to  provide for your family. Tough choices become more and more common as you risk your family's well-being to help a stranger into the country. Overall, the game is solid and supports it unique premise with plenty of moral and mental challenges."
76561198043891893,Recommended,239030,10873347,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,bamjuicebox824,Possibly the greatest passport stamping simulator of the last decade.
,Recommended,239030,10637413,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Reaper Duck,"amazing game with that old aesthetics from the early 90's games, the game play and the moral delemas this game will put u in is just mind puzzling and amazing I defenetly recomend this game to everyone."
76561198066457000,Recommended,239030,8836427,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,AB The Shark,"Buy this game, the choices you must make will make you rethink your morale code. I'm serious I've worked with shady people in game just to put a meal on my table and keep the heater on. This game can make you care about people whos face never shows emoniton, but their words and you experiences with them make you love them. Buy it, its my game of the year.All I can say is, Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198091976931,Recommended,239030,10637067,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,lukespencer001,"Do not judge this book by the cover.  Whatever bias you may have against crude graphics and a basic layout should be put aside.  This game is a simple yet very fun and addictive desing, with a ticking clock that actualy makes you want to perform.  I can't recommend this game enough.  Great detective thinking on the fly."
76561198043788665,Recommended,239030,10619149,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,saxx,"Very artistic game, with game like this there is no doubt videogames can be true art"
76561198040671671,Recommended,239030,10801934,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ecdysiast #RoadTo0MMR,Fun
76561197968432752,Recommended,239030,9396741,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Levin,One of my games of 2013. Much more fun than it looks!
76561198055831467,Recommended,239030,13816743,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ProNorwegian,"I've only played one round of Papers, Please and I've already witnessed a terrorist attack and detained an Olympic athlete who murdered his wife. I'm pretty sure he was executed by the additional guards that were put in place after the attack. The gameplay is a little tedious, but the gameplay isn't the attractive bit about this game. Its the atmosphere. I've never played a game this atmospheric. Its bleak, depressing, and you feel it. It is a truly terrific game and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys an atmospheric, story-driven game.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198037955581,Recommended,239030,9484490,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bun,"Do you like paper? Hate people? This is the game for you! This thrilling, hyper-realistic paper pushing game includes miles and miles of paper-handling. From manuals, to passports, to municipally-issued identification slips, to photo-ids, to so much more! Not just paper, though; stamps. That's right, you get to STAMP your papers. Red and green colors! But mostly the red. Well, if you like the color red, it's a plus!Not only that, you get the hate of an entire population (or so it feels) directed at you for denying them passage into the glorious Arstotzka. And you get to hate them back by denying them even more, those filthy heathens!Well, to wrap this up in a way those who don't like reading will understand, (TL;DR:) 'Papers, Please' is a great game. Especially if you like paper."
76561198026398393,Recommended,239030,10376208,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SilverWolf,"Say hello to Jorji! Fun Unique game all around. Has nice replayability with multiple endings, for it being a fairly linear game. Enjoyed trying to unlock all of them and the amount of documents always gives you plenty to do.Worth full price, should be owned by everyone after sales."
,Recommended,239030,1165236,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Remas,"One of the ""simple"" great ones, which come only once in a while..."
76561198012273697,Recommended,239030,15214628,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,War god,"Papers, Please may look like a boring, sad, misrable game,Because it is.Life isn't rainbows and fun.Your kids are hungery and you need to ruin the lives of others just to make it through this suffering we call life.10/10NEXT!"
76561198043627942,Recommended,239030,11644414,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Nub-spotting Nub,"Simple, yet challenging game... Seems more like an actual job than a game infact, though it can be a challenge to be 100% about details... unless you hack of course...The Game mechanic is basically looking at documents and picking out infomation, about a person, that is right or incorrect, and judging whether they have the right enter  or be sent away.  Fo instance, you will often have to check dates, passport numbers and even have people strip searched!  The quicker you do it, the more people you 'process' and therefore  the more money you get and the better chance your family dont die"" (If your family die : the state sacks you as it seeks to help people with larger families... How considerate of them...)The game is not linear in any sense either with added plots that crop up, like a woman who is being transported in as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to then work as a slave, asks for you help her by not admitting a man in.. Besides you are doing the same thing, it seems to develop somewhat with added techniques...I have bearly gotten to grips with this game, but feels like it has plenty of life in it... Perhaps I will take away the 'non-linear' statement when I play more or play 'endless' mode, but for now there appears to be plenty of detail and interesting aspects to consider it to not be linear.If you have an attention span of a fish, then you will not enjoy this game... If you enjoy problem solving and a good challenge, then working as an inspector for The Glorious Arstotzka  and keeping a family fed, warm and healthy will be right up your street!Once again an Indie game which presents more than what most A++ industry games do and for a fraction of the price! Get it !"
76561198115812513,Recommended,239030,16378478,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,King Skywhale,"I'm not sure how much this normally costs, but i got it for 2.99. I think its worth it for that price, but only for certain people. This game is not a game about ""Points"" or ""How fast can i do this"". this game is where you have to take care of your family on a salary barely enough for your rent, but its a lot more than that. You have to make choices that affect not only you, but the world around you as well. There are choices you make that match risk with reward, and there are choices where you must decided in between this person and your family. Every error you make gets a citation, and after two citations, you get docked payment. People ask you to smuggle them out of the city, but doing so can get your payment docked. This can be very bad for your family. They might beg you or tell you that they will die if they don't get out of the city. You can't do anything unless your willing to sacrifice your family. As for morals, you can accept bribes that can help you, but at a cost. I apologize if this reveiw is all-over-the-place, but this game really is a good game."
76561198014205570,Recommended,239030,8921902,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Black Iron Tarkus,"It's a very well thought game with a very compelling gameplay. It's also pretty interesting in terms of what it says about human nature and the banality of evil.It doesn't sacrifice gameplay for it's message though, actually using the game to enchance the message.tl;dr: It's a good game and it's worth getting, if only for it's low low price."
,Recommended,239030,16410096,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tomorrowsday,"This game is difficult and depressing, but I can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,239030,16323516,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kral Sumavy,"This game's premise sounds simple - people present you with their travel documents, you check if everything is alright and accept/deny their entry across the border. However, there is an incredible depth to  the system as it incorporates moral elements - e.g. some people have invalid passports but their family is awaiting them across the border - will you let them through or send them back?'Papers, please' rewards you with a salary based on your speed  and accuracy. The money you earn are necessary to support your family, so you'd better work hard.The game has a story mode with multiple endings and an 'endless mode' so there is plenty of replayability as well.Heaps of fun packed into 50 megabytes of data. Would recommend on any day."
,Recommended,239030,16320122,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nightshade,This game is very addicting. If you have never heard of it you will be surprised at how challengeing it actually gets.
76561198092309408,Recommended,239030,9086879,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pugs,Its fun.
76561198040800862,Recommended,239030,7870672,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Geky,"Very good game. Interactive, funny, and compelling. Lets you make choices without going out of its way."
,Recommended,239030,10740395,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,krispyChips,"I was a bit sceptical about this game when I was about to buy it. It seemed to be fun when I watched a ""Let's Play'-video, but I thought it would be just another indie game that you get tired of after 2 hours because it's the same thing all over again. However, I bought the game and it is awesome! There is a really nice deep story in this game and it is really interactive. Your decisions have a big impact on the outcome of the story. 5/5 elephants."
76561198088778520,Recommended,239030,13509755,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Squishyloki,A good balance of humour and drama. Well paced and enjoyable. A lot of replayability.
,Recommended,239030,22159569,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Basterdsuiker,"It's a really nice game.Simple concept, very addictive and it's not hard to get all the achievements."
,Recommended,239030,20413906,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ArtoriusIV,-Played game-screwed up-restarted-screwed up-WROTE EVERYTHIGN DOWN-tried again-failed and got security killed-quit game to question morality10/10 would cry again
76561197992292401,Recommended,239030,16544090,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,madoc,Glory to Arstotzka7.5/10Fun little strategy game where you work as a border patrol officer inspecting people coming into the county. The laws constantly change and you are trying to keep certain types of people out of the country based on certain criteria.
76561198284924776,Recommended,239030,22471271,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shadowhunters,Great game! The concept of the game is so weird but the game it self is so fun!! I recommend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,239030,10725713,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,allen,Illuminati is in the game11/10
76561197974559132,Recommended,239030,21623251,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MoonMoon,Experience what it feels like to be on the wrong side of History.
,Recommended,239030,10959391,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Franco,Best game of the bureaucracy genre. I recommend this to everyone who enjoys working as immigration inspector.
76561197999934532,Recommended,239030,10836553,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NO MERCY FROM PERCY,"If someone tells you games can't be art, first slap them round the face. Then make them play this."
,Recommended,239030,21904379,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Three Of Clubs,This game stresses me out enough that real life seems like a breeze afterwards. 10/10 healthy psychological experience.
,Recommended,239030,22955792,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hattori Hanzo,"If you like Movies like Brazil & 1984, then this  little Distopian game is for you.It gives you a very unpleasant feeling with time.Glory to Arstotzka"
76561198258612546,Recommended,239030,22956884,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lunathehuffleclaw,"First heard of this game when I watched Jacksepticeye's playthrough on youtube, and decided to check it out. Turned out to be pretty engaging story-wise, and the gameplay wasn't difficult to get to grips with. The 20 different endings results in you wanting to go back and replay days so you can achieve each one.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561197999759842,Recommended,239030,22966772,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Terry Bogard,"Games can make you feel joy, pity, embarassment, humiliation, community, and even friendship. Perhaps the best example of one of these games is Papers, Please. From the recurring characters, to the brief stories spun before the player's eyes, enough so to manage to break up the monotony of being at a virtual desk-job.On the other hand, the game very much is a desk job, and if you don't have the patience of a minute or two to go through an entire in-game day of processing people, then this might not be the game for you. It's well worth the experience for the price, and has enough replay value to ensure a few extra hours of content after the ""story"" mode. I would strongly recommend this game for anyone who has a fun time playing the role of their character in other games."
,Recommended,239030,20580798,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sjako,Loved it!
76561198258224316,Recommended,239030,20586165,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,trodondino,i think its a really cool game for expirenced player
,Recommended,239030,14816510,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Skyknightj,"Papers, Please is an indie game developed by Lucas Pope, in which you play an immigration inspector whom is working at a border checkpoint in a country named Arstotzka . The goal of the player is to inspect documents using a set of tools and in some occasions to inspect the individual per se, in order to keep criminals out of the country . Everything is a bit unknown, until it will be disclosed , the more you play .Every work day, you receive a document with informations about particular things you have to notice about, the arrival of important people and/or if you have to take some measures if a specific occasion happens, like having to do body scanning to all civilians who belong to the country of Kolechia . We also have a rule book all the time, so we can know what is allowed in the documents we inspect and if there are any discrepancys, you have to reject the entry to the person and later on, if you want, arrest them . A situation with a spy, terrorists and smugglers with not be uncommon, and you will decide if you will let them pass, because you can bribed and even threaten .After a day of work, you receive a wage, which depends on how well you did your job, and you will have to decide where your wage will go, some option include 'food', 'medicine' and 'heat', also as you progress in the story you will be able to choose to move to a better house, but it will also have bigger expenses . You also have freedom of will in basically everything since the game changes with your decisions .Be careful too, this game will play your emotion and will play mind games with you, sometimes you must choose between doing your job or doing the right thing sometimes, there will be families slip apart because of you, but if you decide to let someone passe the border without the correct documents so he or she can be with her/his family, you will face the consequences . Your gaming experience with this game could end in 20 different ways, each occur depending on what decisions did you take in a certain way because you actually have a lot of choices throughout the story, some of them may include, being part of a conspiration group named EZIC against the government of Arstotzka, accepting bribes and even saving money on medicine or food, which will let to the starvation of members of your family .This game is worth all your attention, since its incredibly addicting, has a great plot and the gameplay its really original, you will not regret it .15/10"
,Recommended,239030,14388730,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sepoohroth,I felt horrible when I denied some dude's wife who would be killed if she didn't get in.10/10 Would doom her again.
,Recommended,239030,24541592,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,StickySnax,A remarkable game. Very high replay value.
76561198072807756,Recommended,239030,7386286,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,LiquidEYE,GLORY﻿ TO ARSTOTZKA
76561198045542942,Recommended,239030,16320873,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Essence of Zem,"If you've ever worked a job dealing with stupid people who can't figure out how to fill out paperwork properly, denying and detaining people in this game for the same will be very satisfying. And don't worry if some of your family dies off - that'll just make the rest easier to take care of. Besides, your mother-in-law never liked you anyway.11/10( +1 for Jorji )"
76561198003185176,Recommended,239030,9812808,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,torenmot,"This game is really a blast.  It drives you to pay attention and work as fast as you possibly can.  Want to eat today?  Work faster.  Want to turn on the heating today?  Work faster. Want to pay for your son's medicine?  Work faster.  Oh, this guy wants to bribe you?  Hmmm.....  Well, just this once....  I just passed this lady's husband through, but she doesn't have proper documentation?   No bribes!?   Denied!!!  This clearly home-made passport from ""Cobrastan"" happened to have a few bucks come along with it?  Welcome comrade!It gets progressively more difficult, and the story lines that are going on are engaging.  You will have to start over a few times because you will be dissatisfied (Or imprisoned) with choices you make along the way.  Be careful!  And remember, Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,24540368,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,✪Gl0ck,"10/10 quality content, Pros and Cons:Pros:MusicDETAINED!!!MusicFun, 8bit graphics style that is easy to look at foreverCons:Gets a bit repetative"
,Recommended,239030,1756745,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Ion,"Easy to learn, hard to master. A minimalistic game that uses a simple mechanic to explore very dark material. Well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,239030,25485772,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SpinnerSpecial,7/10A nice little indie game about being a boarder patrol gaurd checking passports in a comunist country. Has good moral and gameplay complexities for a game made by one person. Check it out if you like games that you can play just to pass the time.
,Recommended,239030,11652252,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,McFly,"In an age where I think are more games than baies coming out in the world I don´t have the time to play a lot of them, so I try to play the really good/fun ones. This game is one of them. It is easy to play, adictive and offers a great replayability, so it´s worth the money. It has a lot of variety in a simple idea! I hope they do a DLC soon. It also has lots of alternative endings. I think I played al of them and I got all achievements, even the hidden ones. The thing with the achievements in this game is that is fun getting them all ´cause it leads to fullfilling every alternative that it is there. Great game!"
,Recommended,239030,10546242,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Moan Alisa,I do horrible thing.
,Recommended,239030,13595896,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DeadPoolX,"Papers, Please (henceforth known as PP) is an interesting game in that it attempts to simulate being a border and customs agent in a ficional USSR-like nation called Arstotzka.There are two modes within the game: the story mode or endless mode. Personally, I find the endless mode more enjoyable, but it definitely lacks the emotional impact of the storyline.The story involves you -- presumably a man -- being given the ""honor"" of becoming a border and customs agent. You have to allow in or deny as many people as possible within the narrow time frame given to you each day. If you get something wrong (i.e. you allow someone in who has an incorrect issuing city for the passport) you're given a warning and your earnings for that day are reduced.To make matters more complicated, the number of documents you need to process increase as time goes on. Initially you'll only need to deal with passports, ID cards, entry permits and work visas, but before long you'll have numerous documents for each individual.You'll also need to deal with irate people, who feel you're being unfair or singling them out, in addition to terrorist actions and potential bribery. Some people will hide weapons as well, so you'll need to have them searched.Fortunately, you're given a guide book with all the information you need to solve every problem. That said, it takes time to open the book and look through it, so in an effort to be accurate, you may process fewer people. It's probably worth it as making too many mistakes ends the game.There's also an option to play in ""easy mode"" during the story. The name is a bit misleading as it doesn't actually make the game easier, it simply gives the player an extra 20 credits at the end of the day. So in a sense you have a small buffer or bonus, depending on how accurate and fast you are at processing incoming travelers.Even if no one is angry or threatening, you will feel bad at some point in denying someone entry. You'll want to ""give them a break"" and let them in, but in doing so, you're putting you and your family at risk. Is it worth it? That's one of the dilemmas explored in PP.The endless mode needs to be unlocked by playing the game or by entering in a code (it's 62131 if you're interested) and contains three different sub-modes: Timed, perfection, or endurance.The timed mode is just as it sounds in that you've given 10 minutes to process as many people as possible. The perfection mode ends your game at your first mistake. The endurance mode only ends if your balance goes negative, but so long as it remains postivie (even by something as small as one credit) you'll continue to play.In the end would I recommend this game? Yes, but only to a certain type of gamer, one who likes games that challenge their brain rather than their reflexes. If you lack attention to detail or have difficulty concentrating on something, I'd suggest staying away as this game will quickly become nothing but frustration.As a side-note, I'd recommend buying the game on the developer's own website. You'll get a DRM-free copy and a Steam key. If you don't care about getting both of those, then Steam might be the way to go, although GOG is also an option."
76561198057851594,Recommended,239030,24726764,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,¡FILTHY_FACE!,A masterpiece. What else do you need?
,Recommended,239030,30498995,Posted: 13 March,all,Iron Haydn,10/10 would deny entry again.
,Recommended,239030,24828022,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,drawingpad,I touched the powder.10/10 instantly died
76561198028100970,Recommended,239030,25027015,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,andrew.colebatch,A truly brilliant game - the simple game mechanics belie the deeper message that the game conveys to the player.
,Recommended,239030,10761892,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Syaoran,"A simple task management game, right? No. Your requirements change daily, more things to check and triple check, all while trying to work as quickly as you can and make moral decisions on who to let through and deny. I really enjoy this game because you can hop in and play for five minutes, or an hour."
76561198050594636,Recommended,239030,22384920,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"Ronaldinho, o Dibrador","An excellent idea, very well executed with lots of possibilities. Also completely addicting."
,Recommended,239030,18125442,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,My Body Is Not Dead Yet,Good Game.
,Recommended,239030,11990322,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Halflight,"""Papers, Please"" is a 2D adventure game rendered with old school graphics that allows you to follow the life of a border inspector in the fictional country of Arstotzka. Your objective is to control the papers and documents of every person trying to cross the border and interact with the other characters you will meet through several days of work. While at the beginning the controls you are tasked with are pretty simple, later on you will recive new orders that will require you to examine the papers you are given more and more carefully, in an effort to let pass, detain or reject the right people.""Papers, Please"" features an evolving story: you will recive tasks or orders from several characters and your actions will reflect the final outcome of your adventure. The game itself has a total of twenty different endings and you can choose to replay whatever day of work you wish, should you want a different outcome.Another important element of the game is your outcome: at the end of each day you will be noticed with all the expanses you can cover, especially the ones involving the well-being of your family or the opportunity to purchase automatic control systems. Neglecting some of them could bring an abrupt end to your career, as well as accepting money and gifts from the wrong people. Making several mistakes during your dury is also sure to cause you some trouble.All in all, ""Papers, Please"" is an excellent adventure game, with a simple but engaging gameplay and a branched story that offers a lot of replay value"
76561198027293661,Recommended,239030,3780983,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Achzizra,"Glory to Arstotzka!A must-have for any serious collection of games. Just as you think you're settling into a routine this game brings up something new. Very enjoyable, dystopia or no."
,Recommended,239030,8366693,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rev3rEND,"Great story, quirky graphics, and a great twist on a classic simple ""matching"" game"
76561198070457534,Recommended,239030,8229894,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PurdiJoshu,A great game giving you lots of choices and lots of fun!
,Recommended,239030,8246984,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LittleHarleyQ,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,239030,8164723,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FRUITELLA. jésez 50 NOOTFISH,great
76561198044345111,Recommended,239030,8319277,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jsalat403,"Based on the graphics, this shouldn't be as much fun as it is. Graphics aside though, ""Papers, Please"" has a sneaky-fun way of making you learn some interesting things about yourself. Will you help someone in need or stand your government-job ground? Are the passionate pleas of a stranger worth jeopardizing your job, your wife, your child? A wonderful, seemingly-simplistic game that is unlike anything you've played before."
,Recommended,239030,8314829,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ivir,Its like im actually destroying lives and freeing the country of cis scum
,Recommended,239030,8319526,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Socks,"Definately one of the best 8-bit games i've ever played. a perfect mix of Puzzle, and excitment. upgrades, and jokes.8/10"
76561198060108106,Recommended,239030,7833866,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[WM] Hugh Mungus,"A unique and suprisingly compelling game. If you're after something a little different to the hoards of AAA shooters out there I would definitely give Paper's, Please a try."
76561198035860425,Recommended,239030,8275164,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Gilded Tongue,"delightfully dark, and fun as all get out."
,Recommended,239030,8040689,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Yixle,"The starting tune is excellent, the way it makes you feel smart when you notice something wrong on an immagrints passport and the diffuctly of feeding your family through this game proves it to be perfect.And everytime I hear the guy saying ""next"" in Artzookan a little shiver goes down my neck."
76561198100773481,Recommended,239030,8341679,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Scottish LOL,"This game is great!I saw it being played on the Nilesy Rocks channel on YouTube and could not get enough of it. So, I bought it and played it for myself. I seriously recommend this game aa it is worth much more thant the mere fiver that it costs. It has a fantastic little storyline to it and it has a possible 20 endings, so you can play for hours upon hours!If you are wonderind what it is about, it is about a passport inspector, (you), who works in Arstotkza, (I hope I spelt it right), which is basically based on a former Yugoslav country. You get various scenarios handed to you and the game is just a bunch of fun.If you dont like fun or storylines, then you can challenge yourself by playing endless mode. FUN!I give Papers, Please a score of 4.2!Glory to Artstotkza!"
,Recommended,239030,8356454,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,yutt,"Cold War era Eastern Bloc customs agent sim...Surprisingly enjoyable and thought provoking gameplay. The game is basically your doing identification checks on people trying to get admission into your country. You have to balance speed and accuracy of your check-ins, deal with daily bureacratic rule changes in processes, and try to keep your family alive on rations, or risk accepting bribes."
,Recommended,239030,8302062,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,dloadergirl,"For an indie game, this little gem has definitely surpassed my expectations. From making one laugh out loud at running gags (yo, Jorji) to questioning one's moral standpoints, this game has all the elements that makes it one of the smartest games I've played all year.You're allowed to make choices - but with natural consequences that affect how you manage to care for your family, how loyal you want to be to your country and other random things one would otherwise not think about. Do you want to let this woman in to see her long lost love? Do you help the rebels trying to overthrow the government? Do you accept the bribes given to you in exchange for entrance into your beloved country?The game can also be replayed a number of times without it getting tiresome or tedious, which is great plus point. Best $5 spent in a good long while."
,Recommended,239030,8191508,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,› mineshaft,"Games provide us with systems and ask us to master them. We learn to jump at the right time, hit the mark, ask the right question in the dialogue tree, navigate the maze, push the block, kill the enemy.On the surface, Papers, Please is a game with novel mechanics about document examination. You play the role of a border control agent who must ensure that everyone's papers are up to date, authentic, and match the immigrant. You are given a rule book and are asked to highlight problems with the papers by matching up a rule to an offending line or image. In a couple of clicks, you tease out contradictions, stamp the passport Denied, and call for the next and the next.As the game rolls along, new wrinkles and rules appear and the documents become more complex. The faster you work, the more salary you take home to care for your family, so it behooves you to master the mechanics and become an expert agent who doesn't make mistakes and processes the line impartially.Over time, you come to realize that the game is asking more of you. It puts you in situations where it could be wrong to follow the rules you have invested so much time to learn. To deny the passport of someone's loved one. To take a bribe. To look the other way for a local official. To detain people for money.In other words, the game asks you, in a way I found very emotionally honest, to stop playing so well.The first time through, I did my best to follow all the rules in the book, for good or bad. I played the role of a faceless functionary. It was mechanical in every sense of the word. But the second time through, I let my conscience be my guide. To my surprise, things played out very differently.This is the best trick of Papers, Please. It makes you uncomfortable to play. It asks you to stop and think about the no-win situation it hands you. It rewards you for changing your mind.One of the best games of 2013."
,Recommended,239030,8165710,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[GDF] Ed,Very intriguing game. Completely different from everything I've played so far. I loved the tension and the weight of the decisions that are upon you. Definitely worth it!
,Recommended,239030,8234629,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kira Zygathur,"All I want to do in this game is my job. I don't care if you love your wife, if she doesn't have papers she's going to die in Serbekistan. If a man is going to murder you but has paperwork, you're as good as dead. The only downside is I can't go to the strip club and my goddamn family keeps asking why the heat is off."
,Recommended,239030,8245701,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Corrupted Nightlock,"i love this game, really enjoy it and the challenges it brings.do you choose to stick to the rules or take a bribe under the table?"
76561198050029537,Recommended,239030,8177899,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,matressla,Surprisingly addictive.  Simple gameplay that is quick to learn.
,Recommended,239030,8170811,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Devin,Way more fun than you'd expect.  My favourite indie game of 2013 by far.  Also presents some interesting ideas and viewpoints on the subject of immigration law and bureaucracy that one may not have otherwise thought of.  Very light on computer resources.  I usually play it on my 4 year old Macbook.
76561198006352384,Recommended,239030,8164824,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,PhilBr0,Get this if you want a challenge.
,Recommended,239030,8222496,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dustman,"A simple game with complex elements. The story may seem basic but some characters provide a laugh. The decisions made can affect the game so much, thankfully in any save you can go on from any day past. The game is addictive, takes time, requires thinking, and is entertaining. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,239030,8163485,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Olipie,"Papers, Please is an amazing game, it has excitement, mystery, thrills and a game mechanic that is simple to grasp but never gets boring!"
76561198044802617,Recommended,239030,7858642,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Go to Bread,"Papers, Please is a game where you play as a border inspector in the dystopian society of Arstotzka. To do so, you verify documents and pick up on potential discrepancies to determine when to approve their entry or deny it. This descritpion make Papers, Please sound like a boring monotonous grind.Well it is not.Papers, Please offers one of the most intense single player experiences in the indie gaming scene. As you get paid based on the number of people you screen, you are forced to work fast. Make too many mistakes, however, and you receive citations resulting in your salary getting docked. You become indoctrinated to dread the fax noise that comes with every citation. Your family lives on the edge of poverty and you are forced to budget accordingly.As the government relaxes or strengthen their policies, your job changes with it, where the foreigner who was let in a day earlier may not be today, which allows for some essential variation to prevent the game from becoming stagnant. This comes in the form of detention of criminals, fingerprint and X-ray scanning and seal verification.The game also does a good job questoining your morality. For instance, do you allow the guy with good documentation pimp in Arstotzka, or deny him and get reprimanded by your superiors? Do you buy food for your starving uncle or a present for your son's birthday?Papers, Please is an indie game done right, in which it is not a pretentious, bland game that boasts of subtle depth while being♥♥♥♥♥♥to play, nor is it another ""retro styled"" hardcore platformer. It is a unique game that manages to tackle heavy morality issues while still being amusing to the player.Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,239030,7818979,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,LeelsGames,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,239030,8169578,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Whedon,"Papers, Please is the best paperwork simulator I've ever played. Oh the drudgery of checking document after document for an endless line of cold, downtrodden people. The game is grim and the pressure is high. The choices you make can result in the suffering of good people or the gain of bad people, and the mistakes you make can result in the death of your family from lack of food, heat or medicine. Providing food, heat and medicine simultaneously is often not within your budget and each night after work you must decide which of these basic life necessities you can afford in an attempt to make it through another night. So when the man with valid documents (who you know to be using his access to further the sex slave trade) attempts to cross, it is up to you to decide whether to protect his potential victims or usher him through for the sake of your heat bill."
,Recommended,239030,7944484,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Tabasco,Great game that transports a lot of depth through it's unconventional method of story telling.
,Recommended,239030,7986615,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Heather,So addicting. Love Cobrastan guy.
76561198065256651,Recommended,239030,7893268,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ana_the_Owl,Absolutely Epic.
76561198116718544,Recommended,239030,8598181,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,rexlerlepp,"I don't know how I feel about this game.  It is very compelling and at the same time more than a bit icky.  At this time it leaves me feeling unsettled, but I am still open to it.  Given the nature of the game and need to make ""moral"" decisions, I find myself choicing the decision which will help me ""succeed,"" not the one I feel is right.  It is here that it leaves me unsettled, people live this type of life, is it really the type of life I want to play in a game?  I'm just not sure yet."
76561198024468737,Recommended,239030,9156996,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GeorgeKedgley,"No papers, no entry. Papers, please?"
,Recommended,239030,9185515,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Cataloony,فكره حلوه وفريده انصح بتجربتها فتتتتتش :))
,Recommended,239030,4764471,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Einar      Torkelsen.,"I am absolutely LOVING this game. Great fun. It's one of those ""Easy to learn, hard to master"" and ""Each mistake is your own"" type of games, which I like."
,Recommended,239030,8836015,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,An Garda Siochana,"I had been anticipating the full release of the game when I first played the demo. I felt like the simplicity of the game was so brilliant that I sunk into the demo for many hours. Now with the release of the full game on Steam, the true potential of this sensation has been unveiled. I love the art style, and how addictive the game is. I can recommend this to anyone as it tests your skills, and blends a rich story into this."
,Recommended,239030,8776044,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Fred Diamond,So much more fun than it has any right to be. Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,8962197,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,GiantHurtBall,It feel like home!Home are where heart is !This game touched my feels on many levels of gameplay from glorious papers.Not understand how communism works ?It not like this you get medal..where is medal...
,Recommended,239030,9125119,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Tsurugan,"I've personally always been interested in the games based around a type of cold war theme. The song was really catchy and goes with the game, it was so catchy that I taught myself how to play it on piano! Papers, Please will bring joy to gamers who enjoy games such as Professor Layton and I Spy games."
,Recommended,239030,8781919,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,catsblackapplez,"You play as an inspector on an open border wall. Going in, you'll be like ""Dude, this'll be so ♥♥♥♥ing boring, why am I even doing this?""Then like 5 minutes into the game, you're going to be like ""...Damm...""This♥♥♥♥♥♥s genius."
76561198065694293,Recommended,239030,7516923,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,serpentegena,"This review was initially written as a joke in my music and technology class when the professor assigned us to do a podcast. The original version was in French, here it is translated for the average Steamer.This jewel of a game was developed by Lucas Pope, who has also authored Flash browser-based game ""The Republia Times"", based on the same in-game universe.You might see this game as minimalistic, but that would in no way diminish its completely original, immersive concept and humor. The premise is ridiculously simple, but from there we go to an entirely different place, very colorful, very ""espionage""-like, reminiscent of the old James Bond movies (before it all went full-blast action), and of course, very communist.The game uses deceivingly simple, pixellated graphics, and primitive audio effects, not unlike an old Casio keyboard, to establish and maintain an oppressively austere environment.The action is also very convincing with intense rythm which requires maximum efficiency. If the player slows down, there are immediate repercussions.There are two available difficulty levels, the ""standard"" and the ""light-weight"" version lightened by a so-called ""crutch"" subsidy, pushing sarcasm up to derision of the player unfit to fill the shoes of a true bureaucrat beneath the Iron Curtain.In the introduction the player is announced that they have won the employment lottery in totalitarian state Arstotzka, neighbor of a few other fictional countries in a region probably situated East of known Europe.Every turn in the game, the player shows up for customs officer duty and examines paperwork of incoming travelers. The game starts up simple, then the difficulty gradually increases, emphasizing attention to detail and quick mental sorting into categories.When I first fired up ""Papers, please"" I played beginning-to-end in less than 5 hours, which would be disappointing if the game did not contain 27 other endings!Even if it isn't clearly delineated from the get-go, the game has a varied moral spectrum taking into account more lawful or chaotic, good or evil directions, which ultimately makes a difference to the ending.The decision tree never feels too obvious, which luckily avoids that ""scripted"" feeling that has attracted criticism of other, even AAA games.From a technical standpoint, this game flows as beautifully as a calligraphy exercice, requires few PC resources, runs bug-free and with no logical flaw. On the other hand, it is for its artistic value, and above all, its true likeness to real life that you should really pick it up and play it: after just one hour of gameplay, I broke down in tears after having accidentally made a decision against my moral values. Of course, having grown up in a post-Communist country I may be a bit more biased than the average Steam user. However I really believe that the realistic feel (AKA the paralyzing trudge through every day of Arstotzkian routine) as well as the few surprises that the developer has in store, will be a delight to any player equipped with unrustleable jimmies and unshakeable resolve."
,Recommended,239030,9113404,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DLCoates1,Very addicting game. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,239030,8842944,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Necromantrix,"Papers, Please is most probably nothing like anything you own in your Steam Library. This game might not contain as much action as you are used to, but it really grabs you. To make the right decision, whether you let someone into the country or not, you have to pay attention to every little detail. This makes Papers, Please a really interesting game. You should definitely play this game, especially if you're into indie games like me."
76561197993573934,Recommended,239030,8435515,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Animal Graft,The most fun you can having being a bureaucrat!
76561198028489168,Recommended,239030,8922601,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TheLeaf,"This game brings me back to the time before all games did was physics engines and skyboxes, it has depth beyond the gameplay. Granted, the gameplay is mostly comparing data fields, and we made machines to do that for a reason, but the thing that makes this game grate is the underlying story.The dialog is well made and even thou there is only as small pool of responses from the npcs, I still felt like they were individuals. The game is able to convey the feeling of living the life of the protagonist, which is remarkably rare in this day and age. I actually felt guilt at the end of the day when he couldn’t feed his family because I had not processed enough people, or when I had to send someone back to their death because their passport expired two days ago.The game does have some flaws thou, and if you are a person that normally only plays shooters I would not recommend it.  However if you are one of those people that appreciate a good story and can overlook poor graphics in a game that is fun and has innovative ideas, buy it!"
,Recommended,239030,9302574,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,[OPA]Cadavre,"Oddly brilliant. I hadn't expected to like this for as long as I have. It starts very simple but quickly adds more and more rules, forcing you to scan lots of documents as quickly as possible because you need to make enough money to heat and feed your family.Do you take a bribe and let someone through to help your family? Do you allow someone to come in with invalid documents because they're scared they're going to be killed if you send them away? Do you start detaining as many people as possible, for the smallest reasons, just to get a bonus to help feed your family? Decisions have to be made, Glory to Artstozka!"
,Recommended,239030,9239833,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Duderster,"Really good game. If your looking for a fun indie game that's simple yet full of moral decisions, this game is for you."
,Recommended,239030,8598870,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Insanity,"Easy game-play, good story, great way to spend a few hours"
,Recommended,239030,8407885,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Eclipse,"Congragulations! Your name has been pulled in the October Labour Lottery!""Papers, Please"" is an interesting blend of mindless denials and secret societies, which is what makes the game so good.Graphics are decent, the walking animations good. Really, with this game, there isn't much to complain about. Although a way that it could be better would be if there was a buyable shortcut for the alarm call-thing."
76561198043423877,Recommended,239030,4928581,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Major Fadge,this russian game really good
,Recommended,239030,11604765,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Wanderer,"Great game, too bad I suck at it."
,Recommended,239030,10001510,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,pulcu,"too much action, it gets tiring by time. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,7468509,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,rex,"""What the ♥♥♥♥ are you playing?"" is what you will hear from behind you, and, quite seriously but with a wry smile on your face, you will say, ""A game where I'm a border control agent in a fake ex-Soviet dictatorship that's just reopened it's borders to its neighbors."" The game actually does have a story, and 20 different endings, and it's so so so so ♥♥♥♥ing strange that this is a fun game. One of the most inventive and novel games I've ever played."
,Recommended,239030,18762713,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dustin Jósmar,Just <3
,Recommended,239030,18794704,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Đrλgonsdoom,"Exciting, fresh gameplay concept with nearly flawless execution. A little more sad than I'd like, but its supposed to be that way."
,Recommended,239030,18343374,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,drakee,"great ""social-content"" indie game"
76561198123434976,Recommended,239030,12120813,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,McLean,"DISCLAIMER: Everything you're about to read is my OPINION and does not represent the exact experience that YOU will have. It is a base review of my overall experience.I went into this game blind with my only knowledge of it coming from my friend who urged me to give it a try. What I found astounded me. Papers Please starts out simple enough by teaching the simple meachanics needed to complete the first few days.  Things ramp up quickly however as you struggle to meet the demands of your tyranical government in order to feed your family. I found that even though I could not see or talk to my family in any way that I somehow formed an emotional bond with them to the point that if I couldn't pay for food or heat I would get a feeling of guilt. This motivated me to get better at my job in order to take care of my family. I would highly recommend Papers Please to anyone who is looking for a game they can enjoy for a couple days. It's not going to keep you busy for months at a time, but it is definetly an experience you shouldn't missed."
76561198166798630,Recommended,239030,18366285,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Gillbi,This game is seriously addictive. worth the money spent.to the devs: please allow us to throw away the citation tickets as it is very annoying
76561198041405935,Recommended,239030,18480626,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Segriago,"For an indy game, I've pumped way too many hours into this. Definitely worth the money. Glory to Arstotska."
76561198016891391,Recommended,239030,23462592,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,mason689,This is like the best game I have ever played. It's so addicting and so fun!
,Recommended,239030,22850213,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Anna Ramsay,one of my favourite games - really moving.
,Recommended,239030,22840211,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sōlnatus,I spent 20 hours checking passports and staring at paperwork and it was the best 20 hours of my life.
,Recommended,239030,19318235,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bucket of Chicken,"I love this game. It dominates my profile page, and it has inspired me to learn about political issues and the parallels between our world that can be drawn to this one. A totalitarian government in which all work is assigned by that government.See, when I got this game, I played for 6 hours until midnight because I couldn't stop. Who knew that stamping denied and approved could possibly be so engaging? But then something happened when I went to bed. I was thinking about the game and my conscious started feeling for the people in the game. Why should I have the undisputed power to accept and decline people who's lives may be at stake? It's because of this thinking that I realized how fantastic the game really was. It points out how you are in a true power position, and it's your choice to choose your moral ground. Will you allow the family to enter together even though the wife has invalid papers? That's for you to decide. It makes you think carefully about every action you take.I know that's quite a long description that I'm sure Lucas Pope (game dev) did not expect from this game of 8-bit graphics, but that makes it even better. He was incredibly succesful in capturering so much emotion in something that looks so abstract.Simply amazing.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,31110126,Posted: 12 April,all,Phoenix,"Hello: *atrsotzka them plays*Hello: papre pleasrHello: ""no paper mr bordrer gaurd""Hello: *discrepensy detect*Hello: *detain*10/10"
76561198062452644,Recommended,239030,32103115,Posted: 1 June,all,jyggalag,This is the most stressful game i have ever played.
76561198190553077,Recommended,239030,33162170,Posted: 2 July,all,Bifrost,"Truly one of the greatest Indie games of our time, and it showed the world that a small indie game is capable of being better than any other AAA effort that same year.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,33160504,Posted: 2 July,all,Michiganboy,"Deny all but Arstotzkans, Glory to Arstotzka!!!!"
76561198077261085,Recommended,239030,33207198,Posted: 3 July,all,teenymillipede,"Very, very good game. You should buy it"
,Recommended,239030,32842121,Posted: 26 June,all,The Subliminal Life,"A fantastic game like no other. I was a skeptic for years, hearing about this game, seeing friends playing it online. I was thought it was too much hype for a pixeled document simulator. I was wrong. Terrific game. Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,17360411,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Wabbit,its pretty fun
76561198307096181,Recommended,239030,32654083,Posted: 22 June,all,Masked Indigo,"What can I say of this game? It's just so good.The narrative is great, you can feel the tension and the stress of being an inspector; with every passing day you need to be more careful checking the documents, you're giving more responsabilities and you have to battle into helping people who ask for your help or doing your job correctly. It's tense but you get addicted to play it.The story is short but you can unlock an endless mode if you want to keep going.If you are interested, buy it :)"
,Recommended,239030,33262019,Posted: 4 July,all,Việt Kộng,"This game is absolutely amazing. It is something that is really fregile between the virtual and reality world. So much you got every kind of people in this game. The fact that the games occured in a third world nation, which pretty much the same as the country I am living in. You gotta be sneaky, a little bit greedy and tricky to deal with the living. Your decision would make every ending different.However, the paper-drag table is a bit small compared to all the paperworks in later game, and too much information to check. But still, i highly recommend this game, especially in this summer sale.P/s: remember to use the rulebook's bookmarks, it would help you save time."
76561198351635774,Recommended,239030,33253087,Posted: 4 July,all,titanhunter5008,"This game is amazing. I played a little bit and already fell in love. My parents sadly won't let me play anymore until an official rating comes out. Anyone who has played for a while please give me your own personal opinion of what it should be rated.Thanks,Titan"
,Recommended,239030,33312170,Posted: 6 July,all,xdan,"""Everyone's a terrorist. Don't let anyone slip in."""
,Recommended,239030,33318404,Posted: 6 July,all,Kringy,"Fun game with funny characters, cool graphics and names of people and places I can't even say right.Love how it becomes more challenging with each day. Tedious yet addictive. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,33381016,Posted: 8 July,all,Tintin,I'm not good at writing reviews so I'm just gonna say this; Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198268222976,Recommended,239030,33348772,Posted: 7 July,all,A$$ $layer,"Good gameplay,cheap game but goood quality of game. Even it just pasport checkin simulator.Glory To Aristotska!"
,Recommended,239030,28654996,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,galoistheory,"Papers, Please is fun for the first 15 minutes. Then it starts getting more and more repetitive until you realize that there really is very little happening and start to doubt that anything ever will.The graphics and atmosphere are 5/5 and the game is very user-friendly, but it is just too boring to really provide fun gameplay for more than two hours. With a bit more development this game could be really great. I still recommend checking it out, especially if you are a fan of simulation-type games."
,Recommended,239030,28651623,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,nishinya,"I'd been waiting to buy Papers, Please for months, and when the Steam winter sale arrived I went for it. My interest originally came from watching Youtubers play, thinking that I'd be able to do well with the gameplay and would enjoy a semi-tedious game to veg out to.What I didn't expect was the plot and characters taking me by surprise. The game seemed pretty two dimensional, literally and in its writing, but the multiple endings and discovering how to get to them is a more absorbing activity than I anticipated. And although there is a lack of diversity and personality in characters, it really spices up the encounters with the few characters who have lots of personality and hidden motives, leaving you with the question of what they're really up to.The family characters are pretty lackluster and most of the moral decisions didn't bother me too much because of the flat characters, but when I unexpectedly died for the first time about halfway through the game it definitely pulled my attention back in. (To be fair, I was playing on easy mode because I wanted to get used to the game without being too frustrated, and the +20 credits per day perk made the game just easy enough to not worry about finances the first time.)I would definitely recommend this game if it's on sale or if you have money to spend on games. It's a unique gaming experience that's worth trying purely for novelty, and has deceptively more depth and playtime than it looks like at first glance."
,Recommended,239030,20901488,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ktʜɛki∂84,I learned more about communism in this game than my history class11/10Good game btw.
,Recommended,239030,28664645,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,knowing,Its a good little game to pick up during one of the steam sales.Great storyline with some heartfelt moments.But its kinda repetitious after a while...Good for those who like 100% achievement games and games that kill time.(I played this game 4 hours straight when I first bought it)
76561197997481991,Recommended,239030,20694535,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Rockmeister,Paying for hotkeys enhances the feeling of oppression.
76561198153407940,Recommended,239030,20697666,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Erohiel,"Playing this game makes me feel like a cynical, dead-end, paper-pusher who has to endure the onslaught of idiots and their rage... I now know what it must feel like to work at the DMV, and yet......I can't stop."
,Recommended,239030,3068739,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,ＰＲＯＸＹ,Best role-playing game of 2013.
,Recommended,239030,20677505,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Revolver Ocelot,Took bribe and still denied access to glorious Arstotzka from filthy United Federation scum.10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,239030,20869784,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Fasty,"A very fun game!! I thought i am the kid who plays FPS and♥♥♥♥♥♥BUT NOOOO....THIS GAME IS AWESOME. If you have the money, then definetly buy this game, even if you dont play titles like this one. ok, now onto the pros and cons:Pros:A very smooth gameplayVery interesting storyMany choices, endings to pickYou can replay it for as many times as you want and still have funMany interactions are very interesting, funnyJorji CostavaCons:Very ugly peopleVery stupid people"
76561197986712012,Recommended,239030,17527291,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,chavezz.ding,"I don't know why I actually bought this game and has taken me something like a year before I got around to playing it... and well, its really good... It brings the best of gameplay and concept into somthing that is really different.Must Buy!"
,Recommended,239030,15830230,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Clementsaic,"A very serious game, but at the same time it can be funny! Take the role of a checkpoint officer as swarms of people come in with either false passports, or proper ones. But that's not it, sometimes you have to make decisions about letting people in or not. Some relatives might come, but one of them has no passport, so you have to either effectively tear them apart and leave on to die, or let them both go through."
,Recommended,239030,23371988,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ruhollah Jomeini,Very good simulator of how border controls work in Europe.10/10 would refugee again
,Recommended,239030,23346905,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheeDarkAssassin,Glory to our beloved Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,23350713,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Polkovnik Berezin ☭,"The game is simple in its graphics, but offers some very challenging gameplay. The story is great, keeps you intrigued and immersed. I am particularly fond of the autosave system (the game autosaves at the beginning of each day). Besides, for all those who like soviet accents and dystopian societies, this game is perfect.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
76561198120532698,Recommended,239030,23495982,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Vlad the Impaler,"Good Game, would buy again. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,24211395,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lügenlord,10/10Glory to Arstotska.
,Recommended,239030,23368266,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,_Seuss_,This game allows me to see if somebody is trans.
76561197970617010,Recommended,239030,23813865,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Geez3r,"I'm not even through my first month, but so far I've busted up a human trafficing ring, caught a murderer, engaged in espionage, joined the revolution (maybe), got a commendation, and watched my family slowly die of hunger and disease.  10/10--Would again cackle maniacally as someone gets a rifle butt to the face."
,Recommended,239030,23827241,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,yung gyokusai,"Papers, Please is a wonderfully constructed experience detailing both the banalities and the terrors involved with heavy-handed bureaucracy in a former Soviet Bloc satellite nation.Pros:Simple, yet challengingDelightfully grim settingCoherent and engaging plotThwart terrorist attacks, human trafficking, and smugglingPleasant 耽美的 a e s t h e t i c 耽美的Fail to thwart terrorist attacks, human trafficking, and smugglingUpward mobilityLet your anemic son succumb to his cold because Class 5 dwellings don't pay for themselvesOgle people's supple naked bodies against their willJorji Costava™Cons:GulagCan't actually visit the Pink ViceDays are too short to adequately ogleYour useless, anemic sonImmigrantsIf you're a fan of JRPG's, first-person twitch shooters, or racing sims, this is definitely a game you'll grow to love as much as I have. However, if you're looking for relatively authentic recreation of day-to-day bureaucratic tedium, sprinkled lovingly with a carefully realized, thought provoking plot and a distinct art style to match, you may want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,239030,23848198,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kuro,"In two in-game days I went into debt, lost my job, and my family had to move back to their village.Glory to Arstotska."
76561198012136166,Recommended,239030,21633481,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr Huff'n'Puff,"Jorji the immigrant...""What is passport?""DENIED""Provides passport that is drawn with crayons""DENIED""Provides correct passport but no entry pass""DENIED""Provides all the nesecary documentation but I assume he hasn't""DENIED.......... MOA CITATION PENALTY 5 CREDS... ""♥♥♥♥!""""Provides all documentation but weight is wrong""INTERROGATE........""Give you 10 creds??...""......ACCEPTED10/10 Immigration simulator."
,Recommended,239030,25172496,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,shane12404,Glory to Arstotzka!Greatest communist country!
76561198013865579,Recommended,239030,9139067,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,nilen435,Strangly addictive and intense with really hard choices. A new kind of experience. I really like it.
76561198048311609,Recommended,239030,9607377,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,sugarrush,Fun little time passer
,Recommended,239030,1183015,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Gobbu,Pretty interesting and unique game.
76561198201314121,Recommended,239030,24746346,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,RENMOS,"Noscopes terrorist／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)10/10 - IGN want prison camp sim"
,Recommended,239030,25354575,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,=Ky1e1944=,A bald middle-aged man handed me a love poem and pretended to be normal. I accepted his paper.10/10 would get flirted againGlory to Arstotzka
76561198045448845,Recommended,239030,24615417,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GumbyWench,"If you do not enjoy stamping fake passports, then you have no soul. In which case, you are perfect for this game. So play it. And SHUT UP."
,Recommended,239030,25672269,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Salemono,Glory to Arstotzka
76561198076429618,Recommended,239030,24234546,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Papapapapapapapapapapapapapapapa,Best dystopian game i have ever played.I became member of the order EZIC and saved Arstotska from corruption.Glory to New Arstotska.
,Recommended,239030,23454931,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Hound,"This strategy game rivals even Portal.It is set in a Cold War Era communist nation called Arstotzka where the player inspects passports to control immigration.The game pays immense attention to detail.If the immigrant's weight is off by 1 kilogram,They may be smuggling contraband.For those who pay attention to detail and like strategic indie games,this is a must-play."
76561198027099981,Recommended,239030,21366090,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Will o' the wisp,"A polis like Belarus, only butter and rasins."
76561198039373129,Recommended,239030,22858483,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Leto,Suprisingly fun game with a simple premise yet engaging story.
,Recommended,239030,22607861,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LouseGrouse,Lost my job on my son's birthday.Happy birthday son.10/10 would stamp passports again.
,Recommended,239030,24954708,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FELON,Nice game to get away from the hyper sensory games of today.
,Recommended,239030,25103060,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ꝋnin,"GLORY TO 'ARSTOTZKA'Or as my friend would attempt to pronounce, 'ark-a-zonian'This game is awesome."
,Recommended,239030,23480873,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Almost Ninja,"A great game with plot that makes you want to keep playing. It also poses some moral dilemas that aren't really black and white. Especially one that is, but becomes increasingly less so (oh Jorji, why must you do this)."
,Recommended,239030,28605511,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SlimeTime (waffesrgud),"it's a good game, buy it if you're good at tedious tasks and being loyal to an idea"
,Recommended,239030,28878915,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DrowStalker,"I was not enough hard-hearted to deny some people and my whole family died... Follow the procedure, amazing game"
,Recommended,239030,28923210,Posted: 1 January,all,WallK,"I was angry at slow passport controll, now I feel sorry for 'em"
76561198047801633,Recommended,239030,27591864,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kanoodling,cause no trouble.10/10
76561198286302568,Recommended,239030,27593451,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shiba Inu III,9.5/10. This game is amazing. Its story is brilliant. Please get this game if you can.
76561198025247863,Recommended,239030,27429658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Steindud,"Despite, over several months, probably not even having cleared the total amount of people seen in the first queue on the first day, while being the only immigration officer on the important border checkpoint opening in Grestin, there is actually still a question of wether or not we are letting too many pass over the border.Isolationist fascist state10 out of 10,have towould gladlygo to work again tomorrow.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,27348789,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Emi,"""NEXT""*stamp*""NEXT""*stamp*""NEXT""*stamp*""NEXT""*stamp*Thus is the life of an official Arstotzkan border official.10/10 Would *stamp* ""NEXT"" again."
,Recommended,239030,27672294,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,UberRoxor,This game is stressful as f*ck.10/10
,Recommended,239030,28617498,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nekstomia,I love this game to death. This is one of the most addicting games I've ever played. 10/10!
76561198082963993,Recommended,239030,29062530,Posted: 6 January,all,mikeknight1370,Glory to Arstortska.
76561198112936760,Recommended,239030,29230965,Posted: 13 January,all,*****id,"Innovative, depressing, focussed, humorous. Video games as art? All by a single man? Must play!Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,28962485,Posted: 2 January,all,Sartor Resartus,"A pretty interesting commentary on Cold War history as well as a charming game. Harder than it looks as you get deeper into the story, which is largely left for the player to fill in with their imagination. The biggest surprise here are the moral choices that you're faced with through points in the narrative. Most of them seem like they could have a variety of outcomes, all of them falling into a morally grey area that has different pros and cons."
,Recommended,239030,28987912,Posted: 3 January,all,Lvl 1 Magikarp,Very surpised by how good this game is. Very simple concept that leaves a lot up to imagination and truly allows the player to feel like they control the fate of the people trying to cross the border.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,29562358,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,8368187,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Súl Nathair,"This will test your mental skills, especially memory. This can go from laid-back to frantically proccessing as many people as you can to keep your family alive, who seem to love dying.The mini-storylines and world events keep adding to what you need to remember. Don't be fooled this game can get very difficult.Visually set in a late cold-war era country that was recently closed off, so they need you to be vigilant and process any many people as you can without violating restrictions or allowing unofficial papers to be processed wrongly.Set to be one of 2013's best indie games, I recommend buyingPapers, Pleaseafter reading this!!"
,Recommended,239030,15476588,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Egg Machine,"I'd recommend giving this one a try. The writing's great, and the game-play is quite challenging, especially near the end."
76561198156689640,Recommended,239030,29396212,Posted: 21 January,all,Mega,after 15 hours i finaly finished all the achivements10/10
,Recommended,239030,29411070,Posted: 21 January,all,Oberon,The YOU FAILED paper might just be the most stressful moment in videogame history. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,28913911,Posted: 1 January,all,Subsequentialy Subsequiental,"I really enjoyed playing this game. as for the realism of the terriost attacks, to you having to pay for you family in your class 8 (trash can) apartment. The puzzles where really fun too as they where challenging, but not enough to make you stop playing. Good Job!"
76561198323014362,Recommended,239030,28618670,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,lmeek1998,Love this game so cute. Love the little potato man that always causes trouble.
76561198143771132,Recommended,239030,28536780,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tomjones159,This game makes me want to organize a coup in all the best ways.
76561197991430581,Recommended,239030,27045222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kbabij,"This one is a hidden gem.  It doesn't need flashy cool graphics or innovative features, because the subject of the game is inherently simple: you are a border agent in a fictional communist nation.  That's it.  The game starts out simple, and you'll think you've mastered it after the first day passes in-game.  But then, it gets harder.  A lot harder.  Just like any government agency, they constantly shift the rules and ask you to be on the lookout for different things that you hadn't even noticed before.  You'll have to get every detail right, because every mistake you make will cost you money at the end of the day, and could potentially make you or your family struggle for warmth, or food, or both.The most interesting part of this game is that you truly get to understand what it's like to live the life of another person, warts and all.  Most of us react in shock and disgust at the thought of a border agent taking a bribe to look the other way for a certain person.  But through this game, you see that such an offer may be very difficult to refuse, especially when you feel very concerned for your family, or underappreciated by your superiors, etc.  Very few games would even consider looking at such a mundane existence as their topics, but this game does it, and it does it extraordinarily well.  I can see that I'm going to enjoy this one for years to come, when all the other ""flash in the pan"" games are long forgotten, because there's a very timeless quality to its design that won't fade with newer graphics or improved UI.  It's unapologetically old-school, and I wouldn't have it any other way.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,27324789,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MAN-O.Urhuur,Great Trump simulator
76561198189714374,Recommended,239030,26563844,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,彡V a P 3,Greate game 10/10 .
76561197972227900,Recommended,239030,26412788,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Loading...,Glory to Arstotzka and do not trust anyone... seriously!
76561198025278682,Recommended,239030,27724434,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bubbles,Glory to Arstotzka
76561198317016153,Recommended,239030,27730571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kingcoyne,"This is a great example of an indie game that was on Steam Greenlight and through support has become and excellent game and source of fun. The amount of re-playability is huge with 20 different endings to unlock and different choices to make throughout the 25-30 days. The game gives you a choice of helping supposed ""terrorists"" who are trying to liberate the city or the distopian government who are ruining peoples lives. The feel that peoples lives depend on the choices you make really aides this game. To keep you with things to do the game adds new challenges and difficulties every day and an endless mode after you've completed the story. Returning missions and characters come throughout the days which I though was a great addition to an already fantastic game. Overall the steampunky feel and distopian setting really sets this apart from other games and places it as one of my favourite games that i picked up this year."
76561198164777641,Recommended,239030,22795183,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,OOOliva,I like Arstotzka so much. This story imitate the book 1984 well.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198080742137,Recommended,239030,24184930,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TIE Phantom,10/10 would give glory to Arstotzka again
76561198071564171,Recommended,239030,21992773,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Hamburger Hippie,"Dark Russian Border Patrol.  This game has it all for those who want to regulate who enters there country to get a life and be with there family, and who they want to turn away to maybe starve and never see there family again.  I've put great time into this game, much more then steam actually says.  This game gets the AMERICAN ratting of 11/10.  I HIGHLY recommend this game to everyone who wants to kick back, relax, and ruin lives by denying country entry."
76561198131369849,Recommended,239030,24145435,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,mayannnaze,"Pretty good, with a bit of replay value."
,Recommended,239030,23858972,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,rabbit,Papers Please is a political masterpiece making social commentaries on various situations to do with refugees and other things. It is truly an amazing game.btw has hte good memes hahahahaha
,Recommended,239030,24095664,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ThePhantomGamer,Alot harder then I thought.  It's best if you're really aware of things.
76561198119527000,Recommended,239030,24100099,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Megadoom5,I just play this when i'm really bored of all my other games.
76561198080908256,Recommended,239030,24432732,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,¤sT¤ В АРМИИ С 05.12.2016,"Неплохая игра, прошёл на ура. Внимательность в этой игре очень, очень нужна. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,24243930,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,M(i)ech,"I finished this game couple of times with different endings, but it wasn't until latest playthrough that I thought of writing review.What is this game about?On the surfaceOn the surface it's about working as the immigration officer, processing documents of people trying to gain entry to the country of Arstotzka. You analyse documents and people themselves, searching for discrepancies in papers, signs of forgery, contraband or threats to internal security, after each day, allocating earnings to tend to needs of your family.But that's just a surface for something deeper.Below the surfaceYou see, this is a game about evil.Not the stylish and over the top but ultimately fake moustache twirling kind of evil. That doesn't really exist in real life, apart from some edgy teens who, for the lack of moustache, can't pull ""moustache twirling"" part anyway. No. This game is about real evil. The sad, scared, ubiquitous and hideous kind of evil that hides behind words like:""I'm only doing my job.""""That's not my problem.""""I was only following orders.""John Stuart Mill said: ""Bad men need nothing more to compass their ends, than that good men should look on and do nothing."" which often is misquoted and misattributed to Edmund Burke as ""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing."".Good and Evil.Papers, Please lets you play either side.It's easy to be the hero in games designed to have no other option, you can't not be a hero in Mass Effect series, no matter your choices you end up a hero, the only way to fail there, is to die and refuse to reload the save. Here you can be a villain, complicit in the existant evil or you can be a hero working to change, if you are willing to risk not just your life, but also those of your family, but then again, can risking lives of others be the right choice?When you hear someone misspeak duration of stay, you are allowed to deny them entry without saying a word, or, you can let them correct the mistake. Both are valid choices and there's nothing to stop you from doing either. When you catch the wind of sex-slave trader before police does, you can let him in if his documents are right or you can expose and arrest him, neither choice is wrong within rules of the game. You can mercilessly stick to the rules, or you can sometimes bend them to set right what someone else made wrong. You can reinforce the regime, acting as one of multiple fingers of it's iron fist hoping that other fingers never find reason to crush you, you can work within regime, softening it on that little spot which is your kingdom despite severe risks it carries or you can help topple the regime, if you are willing to risk that your family may pay ultimate price.Some technical detailsAs can be seen on screenshots, graphics and sound are made in retro style. In this case it's not just an artistic choice, this convention helps connect theme of the game with certain places and events that happened in real life. Portraits are clear and distinguishable. Sound as well as colour palette work well with the mood of the game.I can't recall any crash, lag or stuttering. And I don't believe I encountered any bugs.From technical point of view game appears flawless.ConclusionIn Papers, Please you won't be the villain dreaded by billions and you won't be the hero remembered by generations, instead you will be the villain, or the hero, of the kind that you meet every day of your real life.Play this game, it will help you understand real meanings of often touted but rarely understood terms like ""good"", ""evil"", ""responsibility"" or ""courage""."
,Recommended,239030,20026428,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,celau,no immigrants please
,Recommended,239030,10734466,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,crusadelord,Gives the same feeling you get taking a final you only studied for the hour before. Rushing to get more people procese to make more money causes you to make more mistakes and thus lose money instead of gain. Everytime a citation pops up it's like looking at your test results and slapping yourself for missing such an easy question.9/10
,Recommended,239030,8286498,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[Trion] BlackWing,"This is a really, really well done game that really hammers home both the points you expect and the points you don't. The core gameplay mechanic -- the ID checks -- is a really well detailed system that will keep your eyes moving as fast as possible. However... be prepared to deal with some distressing/depressing looks at reality in this game. Again, you'll think about life... whether you want to or not."
,Recommended,239030,10019089,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,nomad,I hope you like looking for discrepancies!
,Recommended,239030,8712876,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,brent,I will never in a million years be able to explain to you why a game about checking passports is one of the most entertaining games I've ever played.So I won't.
76561197972615034,Recommended,239030,13678155,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ravage,Hands down the best border control agent simulator available.10/10 Would deny entry again.
76561197995886890,Recommended,239030,8318146,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Impslayer,"A dark and depressing but confoundingly addictive game, and while it seems expensive for its size, it is worth every penny. Highly recommended."
76561197978798233,Recommended,239030,7947023,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,joint venture,"special. stays with you even if only played for a few hours. everytime i see a 'document checker' (in real life or on tv/film) i think of the choices i was required to make (for real. i was suprised by this).  when you upgrade your booth the games cleverness realy comes out. dealing with your budget is emotional as you ask yourself to decide: feed the family, treat grandmas illness, or pay the heat so you dont freeze to death. real life public service workers will recognize the wide rage of authentic personalities. do not be fooled by the brilliant design, this is a technical feat as well, those booth upgrades are fancy and fun.87%."
76561198054002478,Recommended,239030,5680293,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Scaleofthought,Papers please...
76561198042253283,Recommended,239030,9208885,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Jasan Quinn,"Papers Please has no right to be fun. It's a game about doing paperwork on behalf of a Communist police state. You get to do exciting things like check people's work visa, check their medical status, confirm their passport isn't a forgery, and then use an official stamp.And yet, somehow, the game is awesome. The plot is intriguing, the individual character stories are compelling, and it has the best moral choice system ever used in a game. Do you do what is best for you, or your nation? Do you place yourself at risk to help those in need? How do you handle corrupt superiors? How do you react to terrorist threats?All these questions and more are yours to answer. Other games might have you saving the world from Dr SpaceBad, or making such gripping moral dilemmas as ""will you buy candy floss for the orphans or douse them in petrol and burn them alive?"", but Papers Please makes a mockery of all that nonsense by putting you face to face with ordinary people. Your actions decide whether a missing travel visa means Boris Borishnakov gets to visit his daughter on her birthday. Your actions could unite an illegal immigrant with her long-lost love. You can accept a bribe and let a drug smuggler pass, or turn a blind eye to someone whose interests align with yours.Papers Please is thrilling in ways I never imagined it could be. What else can I say but ""Glory to Arstotska!"""
,Recommended,239030,24037087,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,KAGAYAKU-TSUKIKAGE,One of the most unique games I have ever played. It was fun and very addicting. The theme of the game especially resonated with me in this state of the world. I love this style of design as well. Very retro in a good way. It was a great experience. Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,7919978,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,HonkWave,"This is a game that warrants a double take. When you first hear the concept it seems strange. A dystopian border patrol simulator. While at first the premiss of this game may disinterest many people browsing the large selection of games on steam. Trust me this game deserves your inspection. While its not your typical simulator it does a great job of putting you in the game's world. You are a citizen of a communist country called Arstotzka. Your name was pulled in a lottery for the job of the passport checker in the newly opened border of this imaginary country. The whole game is checking and double checking. The object is to either admit or dismiss as many people correctly in a limited amount of time. While this may seem repetitive at first its addictive. Whenever you start to feel bored of the gameplay they add a new twist or challenge to keep you busy. I have put a few hours and have only found one of the supposed twenty endings of this game. If you just want to play for the gameplay there is an endless mode for you to challenge yourself. For as simple as the story may seem it keeps you intrigued. The choices are everywhere. You are faced obvious options on such things as betraying the government, accepting bribes, or just helping people out. The atmosphere is immersive. After playing for a while you start to feel like a horrible dictator. The dark atmosphere and the things you have no control over provide surprising amounts of emotion. This is one of my favorite indie games of this year and am looking forward to more thing from the developer. I highly recommend buying it now or if you are a cheapskate nabbing it during a steam sale. GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
,Recommended,239030,2916223,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Karlos,"This game uses its mechanics to develop a compelling story and give the user a variety of moral choices that are not the black and white options you see in most games that feature a moral choice system. This game is definitely a must buy, must play!"
,Recommended,239030,30020200,Posted: 18 February,all,Pandora,"One of my favorite indie games of all time. You can play it at a surface level and get bored quickly, but the game's atmosphere and unique world building is so good, even checking documents becomes enthralling. A great game to play if you like dystopic or political indie games."
,Recommended,239030,13846168,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,naturesninja,"Great game. Original. Fun. Time passes too quickly with this one. Just goes to show that flashy graphics don't always win the day.Gameplay- 8/10 much easier with a touch screenGraphics- 10/10 next generation, I don't think we'll see graphics like this again until at least 1986.Replay- 9/10Overall- Awesome/10"
,Recommended,239030,13174825,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Stunt dude,"One of the most original, fun and touching indie games I've ever played."
,Recommended,239030,19737376,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Soviet Online,There is a certan place in my heart for border patrols. You have free will in the game to deny or accept people to you country.
,Recommended,239030,24560833,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,An Unusual Sylveon,"10/10, Would play Russian border simulator."
,Recommended,239030,24584944,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,stephfree,"Such a unique game, tries to test you and sees if you're able to be persuaded. Story alters slightly based on how well you do or don't follow the rules."
76561198153802886,Recommended,239030,24524990,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,nuktof4,"My favorite game of all time. I cannot recommend it enough...Although the concept may sound extraordinarily boring, the game gives so much time and development to the events and atmosphere that surround you, it is difficult not to find yourself absolutely immersed in every unique, individual character.I should really stop here, because if I were to say any more about this game, it would ruin great reveal after great reveal.With a great soundtrack, unique art style, and unbelievable gameplay and story, this game is an easy 10/10."
76561198063978901,Recommended,239030,25847361,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,IthiliesShnipes,Great game.
,Recommended,239030,2974210,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Spibane,Amazing indie game. Has a great story and challenging gameplay. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,239030,23828840,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stfmnsl,"This game is proof that story telling, interesting game mechanics will always outweight graphics."
,Recommended,239030,23859933,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kukkerman [Mindless],"One of my favourite games.It looks a litte ugly at first, but as you get more and more familiar with the mechanics you realize that it's a perfect fit for the totalitarian atmosphere. At first I couldn't imagine how a game about being a customs officer can be enjoyable, but I was so wrong.This game requires maximum attention and concentration, but despite the maximum effort, you'll inevitably make a mistake here and there. If you try to perform perfectly you'll earn less money, because of the limited time and the performance pay. If you try to let through as many people as possible you'll be penalized for the  oversights. You have no choice but find a healthy middle ground, and accept some bribes to pay the bills and feed the family. As you make progress the game gets harder and harder because of the government keeps changing the rules and issues newer and newer documents."
,Recommended,239030,887467,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,storebeast,Brilliant and cruel game that will leave you morally confused and eager to renew your passport .10/10.
,Recommended,239030,16996000,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mister Spec,Get to shoot people and hear sob stories. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,23544538,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,NakedObject,"People looking like 80yo horny man, happears to be a women.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,13169993,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,whippedbaby88,Great Game
,Recommended,239030,20633677,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Factoring,"A great game with an nice story. A great game to just sit down and relax, but also addicting. You can aslo play it again to have a diffferent ending which is nice. I definitely recommend buying it!"
76561198021474671,Recommended,239030,20526712,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,boyardeeznuts,I turn off the Heat for one nnight every now and then.Son gets sick and needs medicine every timeso I let him die of illness to save even more10/10 would kill son to save a few bucks again
76561198140836912,Recommended,239030,20617220,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Marshallangelo,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!
,Recommended,239030,20004755,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HydraulicG4m1ng,"Papers, please is a great game. You play as a border inspector, which has to decide if people can enter the country (Arstotzka). Sometimes, theres a choice between the law and common sense. It is a very original game, which makes it very fresh and enjoyable. You can compare it with the Portal series, you wont play for hundreds of hours, it is a game you visit ever now and then, if you feel like having some mental challenge (and no, i dont mean meantally challenged)*Pros:*- The game design and music give it a great atmosphere- Great story and very hard desicions, which makes it very enjoyable in my opinion- relatively cheap- 20 different endings*Cons:*- Some things are predetermined, such as the names of all the EZIC members, it would be cool if they were random- You can't play it for too long, otherwise you'll loose your concentration, and you are going to make a lot of mistakes, which can be very frustating"
,Recommended,239030,20077329,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Causticspaghetti,MMMMMMMMMM YEEEEESSS I DOOO.
,Recommended,239030,7389632,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Pie,For 5$ and 34mb; this has to be one of the best games I have played so far.Buy it.
,Recommended,239030,20159460,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,M I Abrahms,"When I first saw this game, I thought it would be kind of quirky, but too shallow to hold my interest. Boy was I wrong. This game uses a simple interface to tell not one, but several engaging stories, some in as short as a day. It will often put what is right by the law against what is right as a good person and make you choose."
,Recommended,239030,12394831,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sergeant Mufflebunz©®™,"If you have heard about this game, and seen some videos or friends playing it, and think it is going to be boring, you have never been more wrong. I was a little skeptical about how fun this game would be, but after playing the story, this is probably one of my favirote games now. It is so much more than just stamping passports, it is a game full of Moral decisions, corruption, and caring for your family. You will regret it if you don't get this game.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,10648326,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Winter,"Interesting game. Not flashy at all in graphics department but not meant to be I guess. Not easy to play as the rules are always changing and sometimes you are presented with situations that don't apply to rules I guess much like real life. Playing it I can only imagine what it must have been like to live and work in a country that operates like this. It's not ever going to be game of the year, just a nice way to casually spend a little time.My only con is the interface isn't entirely intuitive. Plus you either remember all the issuing cities by heart or refer to the manual book on your desk. In game documents do not clearly state how you should do something. So a little bit of googling is requiring."
,Recommended,239030,20331511,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Alessandra,"Incrivel como um jogo de 48mb pode ser tão divertido! A interface do jogo é bem simples, mas requer bastante atenção, e no começo vc n avança muito até acostumar com o que tem que fazer....fazia tempo q um jogo indie n me prendia tanto! Super recomendo! O jogo é bem barato e roda em qualquer pc, não tem razão pra não testar ^^"
,Recommended,239030,21772791,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Filt,"There are few games this simple that are this fun. I love the dark, oppressive setting, the subtle humor and the thought involved with progressing through the game. There is something so oddly satisfying about finding discrepancies in the papers you're given and denying someone entry; there's also satisfaction from reviewing all of the documents and letting someone through, knowing you haven't missed any detail.With multiple endings and lots of replayability in both the story mode and the endless mode, Papers, Please is a game everyone should try."
76561198117696411,Recommended,239030,21804099,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Radiosnake,"Papers, Please is one of the best games I've ever played. It takes you through times of stress, panic, and cliff-hangers. If you need a new game to play, play this one. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,239030,11411145,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Vile,Russian Stamping Simulator
,Recommended,239030,22874343,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,yung lime,glory to arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,21651150,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,iWaffley[Furry~<3],"This game tasks you with the job of woking at one of the arstotzkan toll booths, you have to allow certain people in and it becomes very challenging when you have to factor in things like height, date of births and passport experation dates. Sometimes i cant help mself but hum the theme song. The artwork is very simple in a pixely style and its effective, it proves that games dont need to have good artwork to be good. There is one thing i hope they improve and that is give some more of the npc's more character detail, some of the characters just walk in, get approved then leave, would be better if they had more personality."
,Recommended,239030,10853912,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Velken Iakov,Arstotzka greatest country in the world!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!PS: Kolechia sucks!
76561197972266460,Recommended,239030,24472650,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Twosday,"Papers, Please is a very unique game. I don't think there is anything quite like it out there. It is a great idea with fantastic execution, and a fairly high replay value.But I can't play it at all. I have a terrible memory and eye for detail and as this game gets more and more complicated I do so poorly that it loses its enjoyability.I would recommend this to anyone who has a good short term memory and can spot little details easily. For the rest of us, I recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,239030,7832775,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,!감나빗,본격 입국 심사 게임..생각없이 도장찍다간 가족이 위험하다고!세일해서 5불에 샀는데 제값하는 게임
76561197982817228,Recommended,239030,9017373,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,denzil85,"I don't understand; Paper's Please has very simple gameplay and is humdrum and repetitive to the point where I probably shouldn't like it, but I find it still has the 'just one more turn' gameplay found in some very popular games. I've put a few hours into it already and can see me adding many more, just to see what future twists and turns the story has."
,Recommended,239030,8451121,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sam I Jam,"Taking place in a fictional Communist-state (very similar to the USSR of yesteryear), you're forced to use your powers of deduction to verify if people crossing the border into your country are valid residents -- then things get a little fuzzy.There's something both addicting and terribly sad about this title.  The lines begin to blur as you realize that the rules you're following are causing genuine hardship on others. Need I mention that you'll be sent to prison (and your family will be thrown out to the streets) if you fail to do your job right? A stellar 'art meets adventure' experience."
76561198066687374,Recommended,239030,10640525,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ababygonnacomeouttamypuss,It's a game about throwing Russians into prison.10/10
,Recommended,239030,8047012,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mikemcn21,"It's hard to be a kind person when you son is dieing of flu, your family is freezing and hungry and foreigners find throwing firebombs at your workplace to be a worthwhile pasttime. This game puts you in the shows of a minor character under the foot of a despotic government. How you deal with that is largely up to you, and you quickly find out how high the stakes really are.A great game all around. Glory to Arstozka"
,Recommended,239030,251065,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,The Bagel Khan,"Jorgi came to me again today. Say he is in good mood, gives me papers. ""How are you?,"" he says. I ignore him; I have many people to approve today and he will not be one of them. Jorgi always comes everyday. I turn him away everyday. Jorgi say he will give me forged papers to escape Arstotzka. I sigh, push button, call security to take him away. Such is life in Arstotzka."
76561198114024845,Recommended,239030,10175730,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Lidercia,"How do you make admin work interesting? Play think game!Very different game - Makes you think. There is a lot of checking and rechecking things. I love that I can think that I have checked everything, let them though, just to find that there was something I missed. Also love the soviet vibe, makes you think about the idiosyncrasies of a corrupt society, and how people will always find a way to screw the system.Great game - would much recommend, especially for anyone with OCD."
,Recommended,239030,7871032,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Glory to Arstotzka,"Glory to Arstotzka, comrades!"
,Recommended,239030,994092,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,flamingdog,thank god we don't live in a terrifying fascistic totalitarian dystopia is all i can say
,Recommended,239030,32506437,Posted: 17 June,all,buying gf,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,32496324,Posted: 17 June,all,enigma,Amazing! Great story line and unique game play. Plenty of moments where I had a good laugh. Attention to detail is fantasic.Glory to Arstotzka!!!
,Recommended,239030,32161278,Posted: 3 June,all,Ze_Wolf_O_Canada,"There's only one thing I've learned from this game, and it's that randomly selected border guards are better sharpshooters than soldiers with years of experience.Glory to Arstotzka and down with Kolechian terrorists"
76561198084321745,Recommended,239030,13190803,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mix,"It's okay. It's definitely a unique concept, and it's highly liked by thousands of people, but I thought of it as just okay. It gets a little bit repetitive after a while, and as the things to remember start piling up it starts to get kind of tedious.Don't get me wrong I definitely recommend everyone play it at least once, but I think the gameplay itself gets stale after beating it."
,Recommended,239030,20794016,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ｎａｐｉｅｒ,"Arstozka best country.Papers, Please best game.GLORY TO ARSTOZKA"
,Recommended,239030,1841303,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Stokes,"Ok the Work Permit and Entry Permit name matches the Passport name. The ID Supplement is showing their correct height and weight.  The Passport was obtained from the right city.  The correct seal is affixed to the Work Permit and Entry Permit. Good.  The Passport picture matches their ID Supplement description and actual appearance. Ok, looking good. They are not on the Wanted list. Ok, sir, you have been APPROVED. GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! NEX---CITATION: Invalid gender. Last warning......ffffffffffffff (This game owns.)"
76561198006633241,Recommended,239030,10729178,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ron,Build an awesome PC. Play this instead.
,Recommended,239030,10878138,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AlexTheChoiceMaker,"This game is very interesting and addicting. You work at a entry checkpoint to the great country Arstotzka! You check documents for inconsistencies such as expired documents, non-match photos, incorrect issusing city, incorrect gender, incorrect seals, and the list goes on. The number of people that you process will determine the amount of money you make and you use that money to pay rent, buy food, pay for heating, and buy medicine when you need it. As the days pass some events take place. Terrorist bombings and shootings, inspections, and a mysterious group contacts you. All these and how you choose to handle the situations will determine the safety of you and your family. There are 20 different endings so the trick is finding them all."
76561198264256694,Recommended,239030,33124109,Posted: 2 July,all,mannperson,"Let's play Communism,Will you starve, or will you freeze?Why not both?"
76561198019241778,Recommended,239030,28997767,Posted: 3 January,all,Ares,"This game is like work except the money you make isn't real, only the stress is.Stress Simulator 10/10Grab it on a good sale."
,Recommended,239030,33242957,Posted: 4 July,all,leftgamer7,Glory to Arstotzka. Greatest Country of all.
,Recommended,239030,10704941,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,renne,"One of the most stressful games I think I have ever played. My son is sick, my wife is sick, my mother-in-law is sick.My uncle is not sick though, this is suspicious. Interrogate!"
,Recommended,239030,8801356,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Applefolf,"Papers, Please is simply put a game that'll make you think whilst pushing you further than you should go.In Papers, Please, players must try to get through as many people as possible making the least mistakes possible. The longer you spend checking someone's passport and details,the more money you end up loosing out on. So you have to be able to notice the smallest abnormalities as quickly as posible.You also get people with sob stories and beg to be let in, it's up to you whether you wish to do your work right or be a nice guy. You also have a family to look after, which adds to the stress of hurrying and is what can make you slip.Papers, Please is a wonderful game with great music, great story progression and is able to absorb you into it and get you to question everything you do.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,7834043,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ToxiKate,"When I bought this game, I was sketchy about it. I'm not a graphics loving person but as unique as the premise was, it looked a bit boring and overall easy to get sick of. Then I played it. The game offers a lot more than what you expect, and it's style fits the game absolutely perfect. It's an amazing combination of strategy, wits and decisions. This game is truly how you play it, and nothing more. With 20 endings, You'll probably be trying to get them all. The story of this game is enticing to say the least. I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a break from high octane action, and wants to relax, or enjoys a good story. I'd give this game an 8/10."
,Recommended,239030,7753635,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mironix Gaming,"You will need form number 2 and 1/2 to read this review approved by the head advisor for the Acces to content privilage commietie for extending skills, written by the head ministry of knowlage.Hello comrades!You will play this game as it states in article 5 of the commitment to indie law. Stated by leader ambasador of korhe district states - Herduzko YouPaymet.That is all, Your income will be siezed by the head berau of beeing a berau.Glory to ArstotzkaP.S. the writter of this review is in gulag for using the wrong GLORY prototype."
,Recommended,239030,19988244,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Le Crab,I remember playing the demo of this and it amazed me how fun such a simple game could be. Love the transition through local issues which change what you have to look out for in the booth. Amazingly I can see myself trying again and again to reach a higher progression.
,Recommended,239030,24346821,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"This is (or is very close to) the best game I have ever played. Every bit of the design is perfect; all of the story is told through what you do in the game, every day feels more and more intense as you just barely struggle to hold your family together, and the politics are topical!"
,Recommended,239030,11614038,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Rong Rong,I allowed a child molester into the country. 10/10.
76561198280910696,Recommended,239030,21904681,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Hidden_Keaton7,"I've enjoyed several aspects of this game. Although it is minimalistic by design, it is enough to submerse you in a progressively chaotic envirnoment. It may not make much of a difference to some people, but I'd recommend playing this game with headphones on. Reasons: the soundtrack for this game, although repetitive, is very catchy, adding to the authoritative environment that is Arstotzka. Second, *spoilers* when the opportunities come to use the tranquilizer/sniper gun, the sudden surprise of the alarm sound made me jump and realize how attentive I was looking for descrepancies. As you play through the game multiple times, for the tokens, achievements, endings, or endless mode, you will be able to adapt faster and more efficient ways to correctly grant or deny access to incoming people; it wasn't easy for me my first playthrough, but it began to be easier after a few playthroughts to process about 15 people on most days (except on the days where certain events happen).My only problem, slight at that, is the last upgrade. I understand it may make it easier for those that use their trackpad on their laptops, or those that find it easier that using the space bar. It's a hit or miss, I didn't find it helpful; if anything, it made finding descrepancies more problematic.Excellent game, I'd highly recommend this game.GLORY TO NEW ARSTOTZKA."
,Recommended,239030,24903345,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MooshroomJockey,"This game is.... slow.It's a weird topic for a video game, working in airport security and checking people's identification. Someone walks up, hands you their stash and indentification jiz, then you check it, approve or disapprove, then they walk through. Many different things can happen in this game, such as terrorist attacks, and a friggin cult asking them to join you. And strippers. Lots of strippers. This game is a little tedious as some points but has it's charm. I'd say it's between meh and recommended. I guess you could say its recomMEHded. Hehe. Kill me."
,Recommended,239030,25212718,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,🎃 halloweave 🎃,you play as a border guard in an alternate universe version of the soviet unionit's very fun
76561198158595956,Recommended,239030,25200243,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kalle Anka,As Arstotzkan citizens whe're not allowed to say anything negative against this game.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,25398367,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,BlackMetalEva,The theme is really cool.The story is so well made it looks like a real story.The gameplay is captivating.POW POW POW. POW POW POW. POWPOWPOWPOW. (That was the theme)
76561198105889990,Recommended,239030,24656075,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,BOBBERT,"reallly immerses you into the dark, dreary world. very fun, but kind of stressful."
76561198096523057,Recommended,239030,24752487,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Crusader Pootis,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!
,Recommended,239030,24024737,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Donito Trumpolini,Woman comes to window. Passport says male.FULL BODY SCANWas a man.Trust no-one.
,Recommended,239030,24263662,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Wenlyu,"Glory to Arstotzka! Papers, Please serves up a grim but compelling puzzler in the most unlikely of places."
76561198271894624,Recommended,239030,23495948,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,bananajoey21,"awsome game, 20 different endings, totally worth the cost"
,Recommended,239030,28711157,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bappi Lahiri,GLORY TO ARSTOTZSKA..!!! 10/10
76561198068839428,Recommended,239030,26906536,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viking,An essencial game in everyone's library. I never felt so good in destroying somebody's dreams and going to a Gulag after that and simply don't care about it.
76561198060622436,Recommended,239030,29035559,Posted: 5 January,all,"DC, You Are My Man","Hi, I'm Bob Saget."
,Recommended,239030,28587657,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,Play it when it's cold out.   When you can REALLY sympathize with your family when you make the decision to do without heat.  Then skip lunch.  Now deprive your family of a night of food.  The game is a fascinating calculation of ethics vs profit in a merciless environment.
76561198009682828,Recommended,239030,26281081,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Atra[x],GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!
,Recommended,239030,10954158,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SemN,8/10
76561198007670506,Recommended,239030,7955633,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,William Fogg,"Fun, surprising, inventive....it proves you dont need top of the line graphics or multi million dollars to make a GREAT videogame."
,Recommended,239030,8164890,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Darkshield,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,10594163,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Slowbro,"Interesting, engaging, and original; an incredible achievement for video gaming."
,Recommended,239030,13868131,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"The one game that can be considered to be more Russian than even Dota 2. Experience Communism at it's finest while managing documents, feeding your family, shooting terrorists and ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥es. To this day my role model in life is that one bald guy who keeps on coming up every few days acting all stupid and giving you really poorly made documents and giving you a little bit of banter, but in the end gives you documents to save your family just because of how much of a total lad he is. If more people were like that, I wouldn't have to kill them.10/10 would GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA again."
76561198109999486,Recommended,239030,16657863,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Clax14,I love the atmosphere and new and interesting gameplay and story elements of the game.
,Recommended,239030,32609050,Posted: 20 June,all,Decoy,"Easy to learn, but hard to master and very replayable. The gallows humor is on point as a mix of hopeless authoritarian oppression and being on the recieving end of a customer service desk in a retail store. The graphics and audio go very well with the gameplay and setting. This is just a very well put together game that is good for quite of a bit of fun for the price."
,Recommended,239030,10768968,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[C|W] FireLordGaming,"First off, this game might look boring. For some people it might be boring. But, if you're someone who likes puzzle games and has the patience for them, then this is an amazing game. On the surface, this game looks like nothing more than a time killer about being a border inspector and checking over documents. But, it is so much more. It's also about providing for your family, protecting the civillians at the border, catching terrorists, and deciding whether or not to help a secret organization overthrow your government. Even if it doesn't look like it, there is a full and complicated story line with many different choices and endings. Each playthrough spans for many days (assuming you can last that long) and with all the choices, each playthrough can be different. Each in game day rules are added. Rules are removed. Terrorists are placed on a wanted list. The rules get confusing. You let one too many terrorists into your country. You lose your job. This is a very complicated game, but is very fun if you get good at it. Not much to the soundtrack, but what's there is pretty catchy. All-in-all, I would recomend this game, but only to people who would have the patience to play it. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,7985367,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"A cool game!  Also a very weird game, most definitely not for everyone.  You are a man providing for your wife, kid, mother-in-law, and uncle, and possibly more family as you go on.  You work on the border of your communist country, deciding who does and does not get to enter, and are faced with some difficult decisions at times.  The game gets more and more challenging, and if you mess up too much, or go in debt, you could end up in prison."
,Recommended,239030,14156050,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Whee Motorbus Corporation Ltd,"I recommend this game, because of it's very nice storyline and creative ""Construct your own story"" by allowing some people in, and denying other people. Overall this is a very nice game. Especially when someone begs you to go into the country, and then they get denied.One slight problem though. After I finished the storyline, I found nothing to do. The endless mode is quite nice, but I personally found it very boring after I finished the story.But I recommend this game for...about the first 10 hours"
,Recommended,239030,32910879,Posted: 27 June,all,Shino Puppy,"It's about time I put in a review for this now-classic game.Papers, Please sounds like a really awful game idea on the surface. I mean, who wants to come home from work and basically do more work?However, the perfectionist in me got easily addicted to this game, dispite my usual hatred for timed endeavours. I do prefer playing in perfection mode instead of the story to eliminate the clock, but the story mode does offer some intresting moral choices.TL;DR - It's not visually exciting, and it's not typical gameplay, yet somehow, it's still really fun. Give it a try."
,Recommended,239030,13647025,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dominius,"An entertaining game in that sociopathic/depressing sort of way. Whenever I go through customs now I'm going to think of this game.Also, those few seconds after letting someone through and waiting for the potential citation to appear are nerve-racking."
,Recommended,239030,16288982,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dont Even Bitch Boi,iz nice!
,Recommended,239030,16362499,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Proten | Pvpro,"VERY GOODAt first I didn't know what to think of it, or what the game was going to be like. But after a couple minutes of playing I realized how complicated and fun the game was!"
,Recommended,239030,16268022,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Kewlkirbyz,Having to support a family while trying to survive in a foreign country on top of stopping criminals/***holes and overthrowing power has NEVER been this much fun! 9/10 for me.
,Recommended,239030,8403676,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mairn,"I give this a very slight recommendation, more as an ""experience"" than a game. The menial labor and limited resources of space and time provided to you really provoke the intended feelings of desperation. And the interesting color and sound choices convey the tone and setting better than some big-budget games. Give it a try when it's on sale.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,29662094,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"Effortlessly mixing emergent storytelling, a thrilling core narrative, a fairly unique puzzle gameplay style and a rich but despondent atmosphere. If Dust: An Elysian Tail is the sort of game I could see myself making, Papers Please is the game I WISH I could make; one where every single moving part is in working order, flowing beautifully and creating a system where I honestly can't think of anything you could or should take out or even tweak. It's an entity unto itself but will stand up for years to come. Highly recommended for enthusiasts and ""casuals"" alike."
,Recommended,239030,26237150,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hunter,Great game I have to say. I never thought checking passports needed so much attention to tiny things. The story is very well built. Overall I could say this game is like a memory game kinda thing.10/10 Glory to Arstotzka
76561198082059056,Recommended,239030,15550523,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,PhilosopherJenkins,"This is not a game you have ""fun"" with. It's a very bleak tale about the nature and abuse of power, the burden of knowledge, and above all, hope. The gameplay, which escalates throughout the story into more and more of an intellectual challenge, is a vehicle for the game to toy with your emotions. The choices you make have a wide range. Should I arrest the old woman for having false information on her passport? If I do, I will get a bonus that may well mean affording medicine for my wife. But then again, the old woman is hardly responsible for what is likely a typo made by an immigration officer as fallible as you. Should I listen to the mysterious revolutionaries? On one hand, they may bring about a better world; on the other, I may well end up under arrest along with my innocent family. Should I accept the bribe from the man who claims to be just smuggling harmless medicine for a friend? These are the kind of choices that I would impulsively make, knowing I had to process more people to make enough money, and then ponder over for the next fifteen minutes, turning the moral dilemna over in my head. You rarely win in this game, and that's the point."
,Recommended,239030,23984421,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,sue me,Surprisingly addictive for such a simple task.
,Recommended,239030,1549272,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Hightower,If you hate immigrants that this is the game for you. ♥♥♥♥ YOU NO ONE IS ENTERING MY COUNTRY LOL
76561198013794241,Recommended,239030,2866562,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,drlemon,tedium can be fun
,Recommended,239030,2647688,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Stickytape11,"This game tugged at my very sanity. It starts out normal enough, stopping terrorist, letting in citizens, but then you start getting these hard choices that question your virtues as a human. Like for example, a man gets through the border with no problem, then tells you that his wife was in line behind him. His wife comes by, and has expired papers. So then what.. do you reunite the couple, and let your family go hungry that night? It feels like theres no in way to help both, so the bottom line is, what kind of person are you? Amazing game overall.. 9.5/10, but I feel like they could add alot more."
,Recommended,239030,3334786,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,GOOK NUKEM,"Allow in citizens of glorious Arstotzka!Check paperwork for discrepancies!Detain filthy Kolechians and drugs smugglers!Subsist on meagre salary and try to keep your family warm and fed!As time goes on, paperwork changes!Review immigrants and asylum seekers!Break up families and ruin lives!Take bribes from desperate men and women!Detain them anyway!Survive suicide bombings and terrorist attacks!Decide whether to follow orders from traitorous secret societies!Hide evidence of treason from your supervisor!Gun down people trying to jump the border and bomb your checkpoint!And don't forget to double-check those expiration dates, or you will spend the rest of your days in a glorious Arstotzkian prison while your family are shipped back to their village!Violate immigrants' most basic human rights!Check whether they're carrying weapons, contraband, or incorrect genitals by scanning them with machine that lets you see them nakedEven though you really, really don't want to!"
76561197991209263,Recommended,239030,1312277,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,HomerRamone,Where are your papers !? :)
76561198087713157,Recommended,239030,13726753,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Argyle,"I love this game. It provides a dreary, unfair image in a world that is out to get you. As far as gameplay, you check between an entrant and an increasing amount of documentation to see if that person should be let in or kept out.I love it because it explores ideas not touched on enough with games, ethics and others vs you. This game hates you. You will have your normal person that has good passports. Let 'em in. You have normal people with bad passports. Keep 'em out. You will have good people with bad passports, and bad people with good passports. What do you do? I had a lady who has coming in to visit her son which she hadn't seen in 10 years. She had a bad passport. I had a potential kidnapper with good standings with the government and a good passport. You're forced to confront your morality.THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. This game, is not fun. This game will beat you up, take your lunch money, and make you cry.10/10 Would give the creators more money."
76561198036030250,Recommended,239030,15150278,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,"This game has NO right to be fun as it is. The game boils down to you scanning documents for inaccuracies, and approving or denying entry to various citizens of the futuristic world trying to enter your home country; Arkotsk. You were drafted into working there, and you and your family were forced to move to a new rent-controlled home. You are expected to pay for their food, heat, medicine, and other needs as well as a hefty rent on your measly salary as border/customs agent.What's really cool about this game though, is that while at first you struggle with the simple basics of the ""job"", it soon becomes second nature. Once you become a jaded ♥♥♥♥ at the customs office you start to notice weird things happening around you; corrupt guards, terrorist attacks, ethical dilemnas relating to your post, bombs, murders, and of course forged documents.It takes only a very short time to get into, and you'll likely want to play it more than one time since you'll fail the first time and recieve the 'worst; of the 20 DIFFERENT ENDINGS. One playthrough takes about 3 hours but checkpoints are created at every day, allowing you to explore all the alternate endings easily.Don't trust your common sense, buy this game that is literally about fact-checking documents. You will love it,"
,Recommended,239030,11454429,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ALL SONS OF OLD GODS...DIE!!,A game where I get to be a jerk to people and ruin their lives.Now I know why America does this to people.  It's really fun!
,Recommended,239030,13447871,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AZ19999,"This game made me skeptical at first, i mean a game where u sit there stamping passports all day.after playing it for a while i realized that it was more than just stamping passports...It was a way of lifeAll the complicated watnot that you had to do make sure that the border was safe and you could still have a family at the same time...It's fun boring, and funny all at the same time9/10 would stamp again"
,Recommended,239030,10626990,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Indian-Warrior_Stoupić,Hard work for the family
,Recommended,239030,11825624,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Donnobite,"It's actually fun.""10/10 It's like skyrim with border security"" -IGN"
,Recommended,239030,13564979,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Phoenix OG,"""Have Your Documents Ready!""""Papers Please!""""it Says you're a male""""The Passport is correct""11/10!EDIT: Stealing watches and taking money and plaques for incompetent work is Good!"
76561198204698205,Recommended,239030,26289682,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fantastic Ray,Papers Please is a game I truely love. I first saw Jacksepticeye play it and it looked very good. So I got the game. I enjoyed every bit of it. I'm very good at the game to! None of my family members have died. I have learned to play this most of this game from my mistakes. I love how much you can enteract with people. My fav momment is when you let Elsa in and she meets the green guard again. i have servered Arstotzka well. I never did anythig for Ezic. I still remeber the day when I stoped Ezic from blowing up the wall. I love seeing the achievement  in my libary called Glory to Arstotzka. It reminds me of how well i did protecting Arstotzka. $10 was very worth it. But I hope that there will be a 2nd Papers Please were we could learn more about the war and Ezic. I rate this game a soild 10/10
,Recommended,239030,26254835,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,man of the hour,"i love it but now it wont no matter what i do. so it was good, if any help surfaces here than GREAT"
,Recommended,239030,29500483,Posted: 26 January,all,Yisela,"Oppressive and bleak, this wonderfully layered dystopian take on immigration might leave you slightly traumatised. The premise is easy: Keep derelicts out of Arstozka and don't let your family starve. Such a simple mechanic, yet this game managed to surprise me every single day I had to spend inside that little booth decorated with cabaret flyers and secret spy codes. Papers Please is a short-ish yet tremendously rich game that does not disappoint."
,Recommended,239030,25123643,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CYZ Gaming,Glory To Arstozka!(This review is useless)
,Recommended,239030,29025409,Posted: 4 January,all,Second Impact was an inside job,"Dear Lisa: as I write this, I am very sad. Our president has been has been overthrown--- and replaced by the benevolent General Krull! All hail Krull, and his glorious new regime! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! Sincerely, little girl.--Got a class-5 dwelling by using The System™ against itself, let the rebels blow a hole on my wall and fled with my family to Cobristan thanks to the benevolence of one upstanding and moral Jorji Costava.-Glory to Arsethotska!All in all a super entertaining point-and-click game where your observation skills will be put to the test. Specially so in infinite mode if it is a challenge you so fancy.-This all begs the question, however: if the citation machine immediatley knows everything you did and points out all you did wrong: why not automate the entry point instead of placing a fallible, underpaid and potentially quite disloyal human inspector??? Guess our wise leaders know best."
,Recommended,239030,28611323,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spooky Lime,gr8 story tbh
,Recommended,239030,28501741,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Taradactyl,This is one of the most unique games I've played. I found it on sale and immediately put 5 hours into the story in order to unlock the endless mode. I would reccomend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,239030,23781065,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PerfectSheep,Is good game LOL
,Recommended,239030,27093820,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Unworldly,"Do you like beaurocracy? Do you like stamping forms, and checking for miniscule mistakes?Do you like Georgi? (You will).I don't actually care about the above. Buy this game."
,Recommended,239030,28477396,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Oliakthetroll,"This game will question your morals, and how much you love to detain innocent people. This game is amazing, and you should buy it."
76561198044319682,Recommended,239030,28877441,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lsmith946,"A great game for those who pay a lot of attention to detail.I've started a couple of games now and it seems like the same people come in every game, which means that to some extent you can learn who you should and shouldn't let through the border control post you are manning. The game also gets easier as you learn what you are looking for in the documents people are presenting you with - but then it also gets harder as you are given more and more documents to examine.I've only reached one ending, but it appears that there are many different endings to the game depending on some of the decisions you make through the game.It's definitely a game I would come back to and play again to see what different endings I can achieve."
,Recommended,239030,28902417,Posted: 1 January,all,ropuege,"*bulky man walks up to counter*Me:Papers, please.*notices F in passport*Me:Are you male or female?Man:What kind of question is this? My passport is correct.Me:I will have to give you a random search.*x-ray reveals man is actually female*Me:DENIED. NEXT!11/10 will troll genderbends again."
,Recommended,239030,29015486,Posted: 4 January,all,Amber420,Very fun and addictive game where the player is often forced to make diffiicult descisions. A range of different endings and choices makes this game one I often love to come back to and play again.Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198161861190,Recommended,239030,28532145,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,blood_&_paint,"It's a great game to play,if you have time an your hands try this out you'll love it."
,Recommended,239030,28600982,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cryno1000,"Me:""What's your nationality?""Person in front of me:""Kolechia-""Me:""DDDEEEAATTAAAIIIINNNEEEEDDDD""Person:""Why?""Me:""NEXT!""15/10 best game I've played so far that makes you actually think rather than just shooting people (Which you can actually do later in the game)"
76561197997340340,Recommended,239030,27363018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bassie,Super immersive job simulator
,Recommended,239030,27117728,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Damitrem,"Truly a game worth playing, it might look boring but the events that happen actually make you think twice before applying that red stamp on the passport.Then again, that's only if you're a Kolechian scum that allows terrorists to go through.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,24909614,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Green Heart | ベール | Ivan,"HELLO! WANT TO COME INTO COUNTRY?P A P E R S, P L E A S EOh? One of the 19435897349587349083459034750985340375689034758934753 numbers in your 458037590234748923723405983459348539 documents is wrong?D E N I E DI could sum up the game with these few paraghraphs.But that wouldn't be a serious review I normally write.Structure of this review:1. Story2. Gameplay3. Thoughts of the game/idea of the concept4. ConclusionStoryThe story of this game is rather simple and nothing with the depth of a high tier novel. (I sincerely hope that this game isn't based on one, if it is, I'll immediantly change this part)Arstotzka ended its war against Kolechia recently. As a result, Grestin, the city you live in, is the border vetween the countries and a lot of people want to immigrate to Arstotzka.You play a border inspector, to be specific, a passport inspector. It is your duty to check the passports. While playing, you will encounter an organization which wants change the state of the country by revolting against the state. You can either join them (secretly) or be a loyal citizen. But I'll come to that later.GameplayThe gameplaymechanics are rather simple:You are in your small (glorious) booth with a (glorious) mic, a (glorious) book for all the important information you get from the (glorious) government, a paper with what has been said between you and the inspected, (glorious) stamps for accepting or denieal and some other (glorious) improvements which benefit your (glorious) life a lot. They are mainly checks if information is right and hotkeys to spare some time.But how do you get these upgrades? By buying them! And how do you earn money? By checking trespassers' passports (this hurt my tongue). The more tresspassers' passports you check before your shift is over, the more money you get. But ofc, living in (glorious) Arstotzka costs you money! Heat, food and rent are things you need to take care of. And because you don't live alone, you can't just use 100000 blankets to cover yourself at night. If you think you didn't earn enough money the last day, youcanneglect food and heat. The positive sideeffects: You have a bit more money! The negative sideeffects: You, your (glorious) wife, your (glorious) son and your (filthy) mother-in-law are cold. If you let them freeze for longer than 1 day(except the son, he might get sick instantly), they will get sick and eventually die if you don't buy medicine (I'd be ok if it'd only effect the M-I-L.Wait what...).BTW: Certain events will occur from time to time, these usually cost you a bit of your hard-earned money if you consider paying for them. Yes, you dont have to pay for them. But can you live with the consequences...?Back to actual gameplay!So after a few days, you will notice that you won't only have to let (glorious) Arstotzkan people pass, but also people from other countries. If certain conditions are met, which the (glorious) government tell you at the beginning of each day by looking into your (glorious) notebook. If all of the conditions are met, you did a great job and the government will be pleased. Overlook one of the conditions and the government will be rather...unpleasent. While they tolerate 2 mistakes per day, you will recieve money penalties after that. And since money is very important, you don't want that to happen.Conditions quickly said: Starting with a passport only, it continues with additional papers and ends up with seperate paper(s) or passes for different groups of tresspassers. While at first you only need to check for the expiration date, you will start to check for the gender, age, exact numbers of passport, picture and so on. It might seem easy at first, but again: The more time you need the less money you earn. The game won't make it easy for you in the mid to late game. But I bet you were aware of that...right?But the life of a post-war-border-passport-inspector-of-glorious-Arstotzka-in-east-Grestin is just as exciting as the length of the word I just used! As I already mentioned, there is a organization calledEZICwhich wants to end the ""terrible (glorious) government"" of Arstotzka. What your part is in this? They will try to get into the country to do their operations. And which border is the best?YOURS OF COURSE. They will try to persuade you by giving you a few ""missions"" to do to help them. It's up to you if you will secretly work with them to crush your (glorious) country or stay loyal and be a respected (glorious) member of Arstotzka.But that isn't the only exciting thing that will happen to you. Sometimes you will talk with a few people, they are either bothered, have a story to tell to which you will have to react as a human being or just plain funny (1234-okok).Just remember:Money is everything, but it won't always be.Oh, I almost forgot: The graphics of this game are plain simple: pixelated, simple and rather cold coloured.Graphic-wh***s might be might be instantly uninterested but actually: It's all about the gameplay, right?Thoughts of the game/idea of the conceptFrom what I heared, this game is basically a ""Stalin's immigration policy"" simulator. I don't have a lot of knowledge about the USSR but from what I learned about the USSR overall, I think this title is definetly right and fits. This game overall has a nice concept, and I am not only talking about the gameplay here. I do like to get educated about a lot of topics, from all sides. If we do take this game as a immigration policy simulator, we can see what MIGHT happen, what the thoughts of the people are, what people can do as countermeasures to the policy or overall behaviour of the people can be. By giving you the freedom of choosing which side you are on, either being a blind follower of the state's decisions or secrely working on taking the state down; either just being a nice person andunporposely(I hope this is the right word for it, please correct me if I am not) doing a few mistkaes or being strict and let only certain people pass; you can learn a bit for your life. Perhaps it will be useful in your life. Maybe not, who knows. But a bit of education and experience never hurt, ay?ConclusionI didn't rate the seperate sections of the game because I don't have any comparison for them. Sure, maybe some for the story but that'd automatically mean I'd have to rate the gameplay part. But then I'd walk straight into a contradiction of mine. Can't really do that.Papers, Pleaseis a experience that you can't really compare to any game there is out there. Papers, Please first puts you into a sad world with its plain, simple and rather cold way of painting your surroundings which doesn't seem to become any happier but sometimes offers you events to be cheer up a bit in the stress you are covered in 24/7. Not only is the (inpretation-based) message of the game interesting, the game's gameplaymechanics seem to not wanting to let you go. It definetly deserves its price.Damn, I sounded quite strange in the last 2 parts of my review. Well, can't help it I guess.Any critizism towards my reviews? Any suggestions or improvements I should work on? Maybe some things seem unclear? Does Vert need better jiggle physics? And should I start a campaign to sponsor the contruction of a factory dedicated to a puddingproduction for Neptune? Leave all of that down in the commentsection!8.5/10PS: Yes, there is a endlessmode for those who wish. Google for the code and play the sheet out of this game!"
,Recommended,239030,28586112,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Crawdad Man,Playing this game is like living my dreams of being a Trump border patrol agent.
76561198118621967,Recommended,239030,28547162,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Doogle73,A game that is no different to my job! and my lifeProcess reports and paper workMortgage paymentPay utilitiesWife unhappysleep then go to workdo it all again next week
76561198045723636,Recommended,239030,28816804,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PopcornLad11,This shall remain one of my favourite games for many more years to come.
76561198038563033,Recommended,239030,13851730,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Whip-it man!,"Papers, Please has taught me that I would make a terrible immigration inspector for every country except Canada and that it's O.K. to detain people as long as it's for personal gain.8/10GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
,Recommended,239030,14660818,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[I.P.R] TheOfficeDog™,This is basically George Orwell's 198410/10
76561198012002953,Recommended,239030,8544764,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NJPChamp,GOOD SPEND TIMEYES
76561198009905418,Recommended,239030,30199199,Posted: 26 February,all,Whachamacalzmit,There's nothing I can say here that hasn't already been said.  Seminal game.
,Recommended,239030,20656675,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Chad,Got put into forced labor because my boss saw a drawing my son made.12/10 would display again
,Recommended,239030,20423391,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cytria,You can find bearded women in the game.11/10
,Recommended,239030,20476274,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Pets.com 2,I accidentally got involved with the enic star and the government found out about the money they gave me so I was arrestedGlory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,20461339,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Raven_,"Incredible game. I spent EXACTLY one day getting all the achievements and completing all the endings. very addictive, so be careful. :)This game has no graphics, so if you cant run it you are playing on a potato. (1.1 volts)It has alot more to it then what is seen on the surface, i highly reccomend checking it out and GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
76561198079936675,Recommended,239030,20413918,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Hexoja,"Papers, Please 2, please."
,Recommended,239030,20326489,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Brotherman Radovan,"Papers please... A game, where you must be careful... I rly like it cause thats how it did look like in my country back 26 y. ago... Game itself is great: clever, funny, dramatic, shocking and exciting...9/10Jurji is best btw..."
76561198025612648,Recommended,239030,20335390,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Keanu Weebs,"""Hey! Hey!  Im the captain now!I decide who emigrates and who doesnt, ♥♥♥♥ You!""-Me about 2 hours into this game.I had fun, its challenging and simple,it adds more and more as you play to keep you busy!And the story is well done.Not sure why my country is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ but a lot of people sure want to come here,""My approved stamp brings all the migrants to the yard, and theyre like, its better than war, and im like damn right, but i have to report you to the authorities for an expired entry permit.""8/10 would deport destitue war refugees for pennies a day again"
76561198233478300,Recommended,239030,20526141,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,✪ Blabor,I love that pixel design.
,Recommended,239030,20548471,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Suprek,"*Looks at passport, then looks at today's ""wanted criminals"" list*Me: ""You have interesting face.""Entrant: ""I do not like your tone.""Me: ""Well I DO NOT LIKE YOUR FACE.""*DETAIN*10/10 would detain for Arstotzka again"
,Recommended,239030,20578617,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Starset,">man comes in>""my wife is behind me, please treat her well""> she comes in> no valid paperwork> do i have morals and let her in?> no.jpeg> ""Denied.""> ""Damn you, you will pay for this!""> next day> reviewing papers as usual> screen goes gray and become unresponsive> hear siren> ohshit.jpg> TERRORIST ATTACK> mfw i remember the lady's statement from yesterday> realize her name was Eliciane Trump> mfw you can't stump the trumpGlory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,20520993,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SWiLL,So I bought this game because people gave it amazing reviews such as game of the year. When I first started playing it concept seemed easy and boring. At the end of the game looking back on how things happend and the choices I made made me think DAMN THIS GAME IS AMAZING. A must own steam game worth 60$.
,Recommended,239030,9970343,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,DividedByZer0,"This game is actually very fun.  Worth the price and doubly so if it's on sale.  In the beginning it's incredibly stressful but as you learn the ropes, it becomes less stressful and more enjoyable."
,Recommended,239030,7877801,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mans1ay3r,"A great game, very difficult at times and requires quick thinking observation skills, brutal."
,Recommended,239030,7779248,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Tooest,"Papers, Please is a really good strategy game and it is just fantastic. It has a somewhat of a twisting story and definetly buy this game and play it!"
76561198108891449,Recommended,239030,7827289,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,TheMagnificentMcgee,"Papers, Please is a fantastic little indie game that must be experienced. It's the little details that make or break in this game, so i hope you're prepared to look at a lot of passports. I don't know what else to say, just go play the game. It's worth way more than the ten dollars it sells for. I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198068724672,Recommended,239030,7827362,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Collinfuerst1,i like this game but you cant change the res so i have a bunch of blacklines i my just be me but i like this game
,Recommended,239030,8124962,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Nippon,This game is ridiculously good. I'm surprised you haven't already bought this. Go do it now.
,Recommended,239030,8064421,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ICEMAN689,Um... Cause it is simple yet addictive.
,Recommended,239030,8047956,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Porta,"A sweet little game with a dark atmosphere and a sad truth lurking in the background.Simplistic and repetetive, but still I liked it.The game is simple. You're a bordercontrol officer (chosen from a work-lottery, no less) and you have to control that the people crossing the border has valid papers, the right papers, that they're not on the run from the law etc etc, and at the same time pay your bills and keep your family warm, fed and attended if sick. To do so you need money, and the more people you pass through the border successfully, the more money you make.8/10.(I lost my dear in-game son to illness btw so nobody's perfect)"
,Recommended,239030,8331952,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lawrie,"Is good game, yes? Game is best game. You are good player. Let me through, yes?..What is happening?"
,Recommended,239030,8312026,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Viriathus,Very simple and very easy to learn. It becomes very adictive!
,Recommended,239030,7925118,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,военная цмка,Bordering simulator 2013good!
,Recommended,239030,7386473,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Zanden,[APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED] [APPROVED]Glory to Arstotska.
,Recommended,239030,7391808,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,3v4n711,"Never thought I'd do this, but this game is actually really intriguing.  Finding misinformation is really thrilling and intense. Picked it up on a lark, glad I did!"
,Recommended,239030,7392586,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,GunnarRoxen,Holy crap! What a game! Brilliant and terrifying in equal measure it pulls off the nearly impossible feat of being wonderfully educational and also being a stonkingly good game. There are no easy choices in this game and that makes it one of the best games in years! Play it! Play it now! Glory to Arstokza!
,Recommended,239030,7408262,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Chesh,Probably not anybody's type of game but I myself found it to be quite enjoyable.
76561198081848517,Recommended,239030,8935943,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ooba124,ehrmahgurd
,Recommended,239030,8926711,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,not the shed you're looking for,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,15547455,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nova,Your a Inspector At the east grestin checkpoint in Arstotzka you will accept and deny people you must do this make your family survive this game is dark in many ways once you play. Expect a class 8 dwelling as always glory to Arstotzka.
76561198080660114,Recommended,239030,8210734,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,I Whiffed,"This game is an amazing game, I love it! I gifted this game to a couple of my friends during the Holidays when it was on sale, and they all agreed with me. It was so much fun! :D"
,Recommended,239030,12417294,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,secret agent yeti,"This is, bar none, the best paperwork simulator ever created."
,Recommended,239030,14937929,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Scarecrown,"At the beggining this game may seem easy, but it will get harder and challenging as you go through the days.Papers, Please is not just an original game that is entertaining: It will make you question your principles. Will you do anything it takes to feed your family? Will you fight for the revolution? Or will you obey your boss like a little dog?Choose you path between 20 game endings and face the consequences.8/10"
,Recommended,239030,15040700,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Internalized Oppression,mexican border simulator 2013 11/10
,Recommended,239030,2968744,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,rockingrb1,"I love this game, From the 8 levels that i played in alpha all the way to the full game. The man who made this is a genus.If you slip up on a decision you may find out that you lose 5 days later. Really annoying but makes you concentrate and think carefully about every decision."
,Recommended,239030,3448184,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Sex Robot,"The game often forces you to choose between morality and progression, even penalizes you for making what would be there right choice. Forcing you to think about the repercussions your actions will bring, this game uses the idea of a ""good/bad"" system in a much more personal and real way."
,Recommended,239030,3384806,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Fishy Noodle,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!Only Jorji my man shall pass!!
,Recommended,239030,6262989,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Flamecrest,"Easy to understand, difficult to master. Intriguing game mechanics, 20 different endings, and a great 'storyline'. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,7397343,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,HappyDog,"This is an amazing game and demonstrates how independent developers excel in creativity. The world they have created is immersive and the characters throughout have compelling reasons (both good and bad) why they should be let through the checkpoints. Small stories carry throughout the game, and may end differently depending on how you decide their fate. The decisions you make may impact how far you make it in the game, as deviating from your job description can land you in jail (and end this game short). These endings are great and allows you to reflect on your decisions. You can restart on certain days in the story to before you made the mistakes and see how the world may unfold differently."
,Recommended,239030,7399774,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,CaptainTempest,"Processing passports, visas, and other paperwork at a checkpoint on the border of a fictional Eastern Bloc country. I never would have guessed that such a simple concept could make for such an addicting game. The concept is further explored through the complexity of the rules you must abide by while managing the checkpoint which change everyday, such as requiring a permit stating how long you will be in the country or requiring a vaccination certificate. The biggest highlight, in my opinion, is the depth of the storyline. Papers, Please provides an innovative perspective on storytelling in a way only a video game can. Through various events that occur in the game, you make the choice to reunite loved ones, help a resistance movement overthrow the government, strictly abide by the rules of your superiors, and much more. There are 20 different endings to achieve and multiple secrets to uncover, allowing for a decent amount of replayability. Definitely a game worth looking into. Highly recommended. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,7515146,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,ScotchRobbins,"I haven't seen anything quite like this game before, and it's a pity too, for it's a very interesting experience. The humor is sharp and clever, the artwork and style highly unique, the story deep (featuring over 20 different endings), and the gameplay entertaining in it's own confusion. A demo up to day 8 can be found on the internet for free if you wish to try."
,Recommended,239030,9444114,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Dr. avocado,The only place where I violently shove denied papers up my as$hole!
,Recommended,239030,9597695,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LJ,You would never think a game based around Border Patrol would be has fun as any AAA Game
76561197996667366,Recommended,239030,9709876,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,candle,GOTY
,Recommended,239030,9821112,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,fozilla mirefox,"I loved this game. Its short, unless you want to find every single token and endings without walkthroughs and stuff. Very fun. Great concept as a game. Had to get it after seeing several videos about it on the interwebs. Haven't got an ending were I live and keep my job. Has great way of trying to make you feel sympathetic towards the unfortuanate. I deny most of them anyways. Their fault for living in communist Russia in 1982-3. Plus it has optional nudity in pixel form. 11/10 Would game agains and are."
76561198071593393,Recommended,239030,9834443,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Baddafs,Love the high octane thrill of being at border control!
76561198103803678,Recommended,239030,9120841,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,_topside1246_,"This game SHOULD NOT be as fun and immersive as it is. But by some magical means, ""Papers, Please"" is on my top five games to play list. I urge EVERYONE visiting this Steam page to buy this game. ONCE YOU START PLAYING, IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO STOP!!!The game almost consistently presents you with moral choices and dilemnas. That sweet old lady clearly has a fake passport from Kolechia, but you don't have the heart to detain her. Yet letting her through will dock your pay and you won't be able to pay your bills. It's choices like those that truly show human nature. Will you favor yourself and your family? Or will you bend the rules at the cost of your family? Will you support the rebels? Or will you be a loyalist? Choices are hard..."
,Recommended,239030,10663579,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,› Bonce,"Oi every-0f-yas,get a bit o this up ya!its tha king of things n that."
,Recommended,239030,10620037,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Swizrad,My family died of sickness and I was replaced by someone with a healthy family. I caught one terrorist and allowed the deaths of several strippers.10/10 would allow this game through security
,Recommended,239030,13085186,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,post malone,"I NEVER THOUGH A GAME ABOUT STAMPING PIECES OF PAPER WOULD BE SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD.10/10, Would lose my entire family and get kicked out of my apartment again."
76561198057932406,Recommended,239030,12305901,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Gorp,Defiantly one of my favorite games. It's got all the 80s Russian-esque border security you'll ever need. Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,11340761,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,THE TRASHMAN,Jorji is love Jorji is life
,Recommended,239030,11498626,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Jerry,Jorji made this game.
,Recommended,239030,11504381,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheOnlyAnderson,"Such a simple concept, yet amazingly addictive game. The art style, the challenging changing gameplay as you progress, and limited dialog from characters adds to the humor. If you want to simulate what life looking after your family working on a border checkpoint between East/West Germany was like, this is your game!I am looking forward to every game Lucas Pope comes out with. Go follow him on twitter @dukope.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198037485917,Recommended,239030,10096217,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Captain_Rico,It makes looking at people's identification papers fun and more exciting than you may expect. It also gives the player a sense of what it would really be like to be a customs official and some various ethical questions that arise from doing that. It's thought provoking and pleasantly aggravating.
76561197971192292,Recommended,239030,10553433,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[RS]Gasoline Dream,Well I must say this game is enjoyable! Don't let traitors inside Your Great Nation! Your picture doesn't match? You state it is You thoe? Aww im sorry my Denied stamp says no :DGlory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,10730671,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Shroom,"Glory To  Arstotzka! This Is a Great Game Based on the Cold Ware Era when East and west Germany was a real thing! If you enjoy history, law, or just need to think and enjoy something ( Holy crap ikr thinking and enjoying! ). This game is for you! Just make sure your family and in-laws stay alive!"
,Recommended,239030,10869727,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GreenEggzAndCam,I never would have thought a game where you process documents at a border would be so amusing.
,Recommended,239030,11621709,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,FateGuy,"Purchase, Please"
76561198057057332,Recommended,239030,11643882,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,P-0x,Learn how it feels to work as Immigration worker in best korea
,Recommended,239030,11131395,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Black_Jacket,GLORY TO ARZTOSKA
,Recommended,239030,10648776,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fallinghatter,This game gave me the biggest bureaucratic boner ever.
,Recommended,239030,14930740,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,FoxyYTB,It`s a great game!!!I recommemd this game!
,Recommended,239030,15095588,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,margravedocula,"This game is a fantastic little game about the monotony of life in a Soviet-Style republic.  The minutia that one has to pay attention to, which increases as the actual story goes on, is simply ridiculous.  You could be the guy who feels sorry for the refugees, but then, your family ""gets it""-- if you know what I mean.  You could be absolutely sure that you checked everything, but NOOO-  the name of the person's country of origin was misspelled.This game is addictive, and endless mode is infinitely replayable.  And at the end of the game, you get precisely what you expected-  the satisfaction of having completed your work for 30 days, with the promise of working for infinite more days at the same exact job.  Also-  you get VGA-era graphics and sound, which makes the experience that much more realistic.Good fun!  :)"
,Recommended,239030,15028249,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,it me silver1,denied a starving mother 11/10
76561198178411346,Recommended,239030,15773618,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,JamesStewart,I'm calling the guards.
76561198095603312,Recommended,239030,15636764,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,raesade,"Papers, please is an atmospheric and different game that places you into a role of Arztotzkan border inspector.As you desperately try to earn the needed money to feed and keep your family warm each day, you will come across tough decisions, from letting this woman pass without entry ticket to helping out rebels.Really fun and, as mentioned before, different game with good replay value and multiple endings. Totally worth the money."
76561198118907207,Recommended,239030,24456449,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bob Ross,It is very good gam
,Recommended,239030,17459421,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Jor Bar,"Fun game,"
,Recommended,239030,19674257,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Anghel,Glory to country that is hard to spell!
76561198272319071,Recommended,239030,20076409,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,N00B ENGINEEEER,Ya know I really enjoy the game but I think they need to cut down on the arrests i cant win because of it 7/10
,Recommended,239030,20054849,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,computerwiz,"This game can be summed up in a couple words, cruel, unforgiving, and fun"
,Recommended,239030,16297421,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Cheekigamer,"Me: Papers please.Guy: Hey man, remember I gave you that football poster even though you don't like football? Can I have it back please?Me: Instant detain.9/11 would accept bribes and then detain afterwards again."
,Recommended,239030,21249631,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dinolore,"This game got a lot of hype around it ever since YouTubers found it, and I think the hype is good.Once you figure out your own playstyle this game can go very smooth, sometimes disturbed by small elements but that makes it fun!I think it's really worth it, together with its 30+ endings which you can try to get them all and the game literally tells you whcih ones you've gotten before!"
,Recommended,239030,20999458,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,T.w² | Rosette,Glory to Cobrastan!!
76561198086900309,Recommended,239030,21127693,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Izumi Shimomura,"Tudun Tudun Tudun TUUUN TUUUUUUUUUUUUN TUUUN TUUUN TUUUUUUN TUUUNFrom Kolechia - went to♥♥♥♥♥Grenade on the back - *HOLD*Arc floor, the prints have not been confirmed - *HOLD*Somebody climbed over the fence - in the♥♥♥♥♥tranquilizers *BANG*Sergiu killed on the first day of his work? - NOOOOOO! I did not DEFENDED HIM !! - Ah! Well I can replay this day ... And so on..Poor customs officers. As I understand you (ТУУУН ТУУУН ТУУУН ТУУУН ТУУУУУУУУУУУУН ТУУУН ТУУУН ТУУУУУУН ТУУУНИз Колечии - ПОШЁЛ В Ж**У!Граната на спине - *ЗАДЕРЖАТЬ*Дугой пол, отпечатки не подтверждены - *ЗАДЕРЖАТЬ*Пролез через ограду - В ПОПКУ ТРАНКВИЛИЗАТОРОМ *БДЫЩЬ*Убили Сергиу в первый день его работы? НЕЕЕЕЕЕТ!1 Я ЕГО НЕ ЗАЩИТИЛ1!! - А! Я ж могу перепройти тот день...И так далее..Бедные работники таможенных служб. Как я вас понимаю("
,Recommended,239030,21220841,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pro Question Dogger,"Papers, Please"
76561198126127514,Recommended,239030,21222211,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jeff,"after 6 days, 2 terrorist attacks, 3 Jorji visits, 3 tokens, 7 citations, 43 travelers,and 2 detains  I went into debt and died in prison.10/10 would starve in prison again"
76561198268697887,Recommended,239030,20286253,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,nedbusko,this is a hard but very good game jst give it a try i liked it and i think you will to
76561198128663866,Recommended,239030,20522718,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Van,"*M.O.I investigator comes in the morning**He asks me if I know anything about terrorists**I give him the EZIC paper*Investigator: ""Mmm, this looks interesting. Thanks.""*Me and all my family get arrested for associating with terrorist activities**Die in jail*Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,20629226,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,sunny,*constantly gets cited for forgetting to check entrant's gender**starts to check obssessively**genuinely can't tell if the entrant is meant to be a man or a woman because everyone looks ♥♥♥♥ing androgynous*
,Recommended,239030,23074426,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Obscurus_Doom,"This game is so much fun! Instant favorite for me, no doubt. It helps with coordination skills and focusing and also have fun and play along to a storyline that can end in several different ways every single time! I played this on my brothers computer for the longest time before buying it for myself and I can say it is worth every penny for someone looking for something to stimulate the mind. I rate this game 10/10. Glory to Artstotska!"
,Recommended,239030,23969793,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arakis,This game gets hard fast.
,Recommended,239030,23978203,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yablko,A good video game.
76561198041345559,Recommended,239030,24006039,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HorribleRobot,This game was good
76561198092600526,Recommended,239030,24004057,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DetectiveWiggle(s)™,"This game. Oh this game. Story? Dark, Historic, Amazing. Gameplay? Entertaining, Complex, Amazing. Graphics? Pixel, Detailed, Amazing. Characters? Funny, Amuzing, Real, Amazing."
,Recommended,239030,27024243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Senster,"Glory to Arstotzka!How can one truly explain how great of a game this is? New items to slip you up are added daily. You sweat every time you let someone through, anxious that the printer will start up, notifying you of another failure. You can either heat, feed, or provide shelter for your family, but not all at once. And OF COURSE Lil Timmy has to get a cold so now you have to decide between food or medicine, but would it really be so bad if there was one less mouth to feed..."
,Recommended,239030,29866196,Posted: 11 February,all,katiekatiekatie,"I honestly can't believe I enjoyed reviewing and analyzing documents. This game is expertly written, and is extremely addictive. It makes you sad. It makes you angry. But most of all: it makes you think."
76561198048235356,Recommended,239030,29890402,Posted: 12 February,all,JaydenJaymesPlaysVideoGames,i bet youve never played anything like it. very well done game.
76561198092527701,Recommended,239030,7207360,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Mr.ZP,A man weighed one pound more than it said on his ID so I made him take his clothes off. 11/10 would take peoples clothes off again
,Recommended,239030,13905101,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"I resisted this game for awhile because I felt like it wouldn't be fun. Like many others, I compared it to real life work. It doesn't feel like I'm at (real life) work. It takes a little while to build up momentum so don't judge the fun factor too quickly. Once it gets going, it's easy to see what all the buzz is about. Alot of indie games try to be intelligent, Papers Please is one of the few that actually is. The game scores points on: STORY (thoughtful and satirical narratives are seemlessly woven into the game) , GAMEPLAY (smooth innovative gameplay mechanics), VISUALS (though they are admittedly retro, the visuals are stylish and fit the overall tone of the game perfectly), and SOUND (not amazing, but very effective). I personally love all the ethical decision making vs. bureaucratic procedure...and the overwhelming priority to provide for your family (I could go on and on about the significance of the subject matter). In short, you have never played a game like this before. If you can approach it with an open mind, you will have a lot of fun. (plus you get to shoot stuff...if that's your thing.)"
,Recommended,239030,9046605,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Vicke,"Truly a unique gaming experience.I never thought i would think a game where i get to deny immigrants would fun, but damn.It starts off slow but quickly becomes both hard and stressful.For your own sake, go for ""easy"" mode the first time you play."
,Recommended,239030,9175398,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Swimmer,"Great story, very easy to get sucked into. Makes you really have to focus if you want to save your family."
76561198043398873,Recommended,239030,8342393,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hollyhol,"The gaming equivalent of 1984. Sinister, confronting but most of all, utterly brilliant. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,7846502,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,persistent_gloom,Did you ever dream of beeing a passport control inspector in a fictional Eastern bloc-state?Then this is your game :D.
,Recommended,239030,7849949,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crinkus,Best game about stamping papers I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,7851145,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,carlj12345,"Such an awesome game. The title may actually be able to be substitued for ""Paper Work Simulator 1982"" or ""Border Control Simulator 1982"", however, it is still really good!"
,Recommended,239030,8233672,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TriggerHappiJ,Although I don't have many hours on this game it is a lot of fun and is worth the money. I would suggest being an observant person in this game and not to expect anything too exciting. I enjoy how there are multiple endings to the game and each choice you make affects your ending. Keep in mind this is one of those games you can just relax and play. Or just to calm down after playing a terrible League of Legends game. It worked for me!
,Recommended,239030,26973999,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monsieur Bébé™,This game makes you feel so much in power that you will get disappointed about your own life
,Recommended,239030,26421912,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Audrey.Hepburn,"haven't played this game for a long time, but the motherland Arstotzka needs my help, again.got 5 citations on one day and I couldn't adopt my own niece because my sister is arrested and I'm broke.10/10 would accept bribes againyou must play this game if you think your desk job isn't stressful enough, very immersive."
,Recommended,239030,24673450,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tyler Joseph,I Got Thist Game Yesterday It Is Fun To Play Glory To Arstotska!
76561198238008234,Recommended,239030,25759628,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,T1Dgamer,cool game!
76561198190655621,Recommended,239030,20480184,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Noelos237,I don't believe music for games can get much better than this
76561198219699321,Recommended,239030,24198105,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tylermatthewsjmc,"Frustration builds into fun.At first I felt like I was getting everything wrong, and that the game had an impossibly steep learning curve and you may feel the same but I advise yu to keep with it.After a short time I started rolling the the cash and very rarely made any mistakes. Shame my entire family had to die for me to learn this though.7/10 Game that makes a difference!"
,Recommended,239030,24181250,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,F E E L I N ' F I N E,*Game is based in communist socety*Uses U.S dollar10/10 would logic again
76561198086309677,Recommended,239030,23810583,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kalel,glory to arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,24995234,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,EF,"Great ""paranoia"" sim to let people enter your country."
,Recommended,239030,25017635,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SER |Kvp311,"Glory to Arstotzka. This game is absolutely amazing. It puts you through the need of working hard enough to feed your family while dealing with corrupt officials, and never knowing what the right choice is. Although some things maybe too extreme like having to check the damn expiration date on every passport it is still tons of fun ! 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,24519303,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,UtkuT,What's Your Purpose of VisitGLORY TO ARSTOTZKANEXT!
,Recommended,239030,23845599,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Supercockroach,"One of those games that makes you stop and think. Not an easy play by any means, but one so immersive and memorable that I still recommend it to friends despite having played so little of it myself."
,Recommended,239030,28722550,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,/merry/,Glory to Cobrastan.
,Recommended,239030,28479388,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ktaily,This game is great.  There is so much depth to such a simple concept.
,Recommended,239030,28487592,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Paulie Gualtieri,Doubleplusgood.
76561198210101895,Recommended,239030,26683127,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,vexdestroyer 123YT,very good story just very good graphics very good on the pixels everything
,Recommended,239030,26889926,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BoomChuck,"This game is simple and hard to categorize, but it will really make you think. About life, about what really matters to you, about what you would do under the heel of a brutal dictatorship.Not sure I'd call stamping papers the most fun I've had, but the story, the music, and the moral questions it raises make this game one of the most valuable experiences available on Steam."
,Recommended,239030,26840086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,niarBaD,A solid game of reptitious gameplay and great storytelling.
,Recommended,239030,22476729,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Noodle,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,15545523,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Wayril,This is a lesson in morality and beurocracy: A paperwork simulator. It's small and cheap and very deserving of your time. Better check those transit papers to prevent the wrong people from gaining entrance to GLORIOUS ARISTOTSKA!
,Recommended,239030,32793143,Posted: 25 June,all,Titiunit,"The Ministry of Love has found that your doubts about the aquisition of this game are worthy of detention,You are now under arrest. Get out of this Checkpoint, now.Glory To Aristotska."
,Recommended,239030,8180238,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tinttamiau,jorji pls stop the drug dealing it's not alright yo
,Recommended,239030,9580178,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,OhthatDakotah,rad secretary sim
,Recommended,239030,32712867,Posted: 23 June,all,Miss Spider Von Bun Bun,"I think I like stamping things too much. If you too have a stamping addiction, play this game. Make Arstotzka proud.You might also have fun testing your memory as well as your ability to pick up details that others might overlook. See where alternative paths might take you."
76561198103235716,Recommended,239030,32712045,Posted: 23 June,all,MLG seal,fun time killer
,Recommended,239030,32721261,Posted: 24 June,all,Pupeatstadpoles,kinda depressing but its a really good game
76561197986859311,Recommended,239030,9856745,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,King of the Dog-Lions,"great game, one of the few that actually approaches the subject in an adult manner"
,Recommended,239030,2081502,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Dooldeen,"Such a simple mechanic, yet it creats an extremly powerful social commentary. I can't recommend this game highly enough, but especially for those of us who come from countries that were under similar circumtances not so long ago, or even today. Many of us will see our own, and our ancestor's stories resonate with this game."
,Recommended,239030,8475175,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,modernevil,"This game gets to be fairly intense once you get a couple weeks into the storyline. One of my favorite things about it is that it requires both precision and speed, but no real dexterity; the precision required is entirely mental. (Though a quick mouse hand certainly helps a lot—there's an awful lot of clicking and dragging in Papers Please.) Good spatial reasoning is also helpful; a lot of people complain about there not being enough room on the screen for all the documents, but at no point did I fail to find a configuration which allowed me to compare all required documents simultaneously, with the rules a single click away. (And my keys in plain sight & easy reach!)I made it about 2/3 of the way through the game without a citation before discovering (by looking at a wiki, for another detail) that you're allowed 2 ""free"" citations every day, and that (aside from impacting your income) they have no effect on which endings you can get or which achievements you can earn—there's no achievement for getting through the game without any citations!On the morality side, though the tendency is to perceive Arstotzka as a totalitarian dictatorship, or at least to have a corrupt government, I noticed no such facts explicitly in evidence within the game. Certainly they are harsh, and through the tiny window we are given we can see little more than impenetrable bureaucracy which often institutes ineffective or unfair policies (usually with the best intentions clearly in mind), but I don't know whether they are democratic or what the country's economic status is beyond my own family. On the other hand, most of the government seems to function with startling efficiency; when news breaks one evening & new documents need to be issued, they are designed, printed, filled out, stamped, and in the hands of at least dozens (probably hundreds, from the looks of that line!) of peoplein other countriesbefore 6AM the next morning; this applies to documents issued by both Arstotzka and all its other neighbors. Rule books are updated. Permits are issued. At one point, in the time between the morning paper hitting newsstands and me reaching my desk at 6AM, some sort of computerized stamping machine was developed and deployed which keyed into the voice transcription system and created custom stamps for every denied visa—a task which would take months-to-years in the modern age, and this is in 1982; the technical prowess of the Astotzkan is not to be denied. Arstotzka has advanced medicine, develops ground-breaking surgeries, offers affordable healthcare, and appears to have one of the best job markets in the region.Before you decide to join the side of the terrorists, consider carefully the (in-game) reality of Arstotzka."
76561198094892928,Recommended,239030,32875273,Posted: 27 June,all,TheMacke,Many enjoyable hours of hard labor for the motherland. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,32890959,Posted: 27 June,all,Icarus,"Protect the best country, greatest country10/10 would glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,8286239,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mr. J.,"Interesting, fun, and challenging! As you progress through the days, you are assigned to new tasks as a checkpoint officer and have to keep your family alive. I recommend it for sure."
,Recommended,239030,32902941,Posted: 27 June,all,Haim,Who knew a game about a terrible job in a terrible country would be so fun? :P
76561197994037455,Recommended,239030,27620685,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gatts,"Surprisingly enjoyable for a game about bureaucratic red tape. It's essentially a memory game where you try to spot possible discrepancies in entrants' documentation before letting them through. You can always double check all of the rules and notifications you've received, but doing so will slow you down and you will earn less money for processing fewer entrants. The game has a fair about of cynical humor in it, the challenges are changed up often enough that it keeps you on your toes, and the few characters are as memorable and enjoyable as any I've seen in other games."
,Recommended,239030,27578236,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kiy0,"Indie games are both a curse and a blessing. On one hand, many of them are mediocre, unpolished, with a weird concept and the wrong execution. But on the other hand, you find exquisite master pieces that are soo enjoyable and realise their full potential soo damn well that makes you feel like you owe money to the developer(s).That's Papers, Please in a nutshell. At first, the game scares you due to the oldschool graphics. There is a fine line between vintage and flat out outdated. But with this game, because you'll get soo engaged from the get go, you quickly realise the graphics are part of the charm.Incredibly fun and well executed. The learning curve is appropriate and the difficulty increases at the right pace. The mini-story of your main character is exalted by the fact there are several possible ""endings"" to the game, although the game allows you to simply reroll the latests stage you played if you wanna change the outcome.If you're into memory games, fact checking or simply enjoy denying stuff to people this is the game for you. Worth way more than the 5€ I payed for during a sale.Buy this game. Do it now."
,Recommended,239030,27587233,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Miye27,"Have you ever wanted to check through a bunch of forms, looking for any information that doesn't match up?Probably not. But that's what you do in Papers, Please.  You work passports at the border of Arstotzka and Kolechia, two countries who just opened up their borders. You must check all of the paperwork given to you, to make sure they are ok to cross. As the days go on, more and more is added, but never to a unmanageable level. It's quite fun to play. Even if the concept is a bit unusual. You'll have a blast.And remember, Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198005324237,Recommended,239030,26443404,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mcgarvey,"I was very skeptical at buying this game, the positive reviews swayed my decision; i thought i'd help sway another purchase. I wasn't sure about the idea of just running a checkpoint and comparing documents but I've found that there is more to the game than this with some special characters popping up and requesting things from you (i won't give any spoilers) resulting in a bit of a story. There is also the challenge of being as fast as possible to gain enough money to keep your family alive which makes the game nice and challenging. As a result, i am delighted with this purchase (and the price) so stop reading and get buying!"
,Recommended,239030,20739787,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zekk,"Papers, Please was a truly pleasant surprise.  The pacing of feature introduction throughout the story mode is really well done, and the fictionalized dictatorship makes for an intriguing plot to follow.  I would definitely recommend picking this game up and supporting games that provide unique and creative experiences in otherwise simple presentations."
76561198064684402,Recommended,239030,11992629,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Scoot,Genius
,Recommended,239030,17503806,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,A very hot piece of Kek™,Always let Jorji into Arstotzka.Glory to Jorji
76561198282622329,Recommended,239030,31039205,Posted: 9 April,all,mr butler,What I've learned:1.apparently guards don't care if there are bombs thrown right in front of them.2.some people are very bad at making REAL passports.3.the order WILL rise.10/10 would detain more people!
,Recommended,239030,7835038,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ezekiel,"A wonderful game, if EXTREMELY challenging at times. In all honesty, I did quite a bit of ""cheating"" to get through the game with enough money to survive; screenshots were my friend. I STILL made a lot of mistakes and nearly lost a couple of times for little missed details. But the game is a lot more than just ""can you identify errors""--and that's what makes it great. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys picking out fine details, as well as watching a story unfold through many different lenses."
,Recommended,239030,18197295,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,A S T R O,Glory to Astorzka!
,Recommended,239030,19860904,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Budget Bender,Taught me to always approve Hookers.
76561198121897876,Recommended,239030,19979314,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,rxnh,"I was a simple man.I had a family.I had a humble job.I was an immigrations officer.Mistakes were not forgiven, soon I fell into poverty and was not able to support my family.All I have are $5, my dying uncle, and my humble job.Such is life in glorious Arstotzka."
76561198073058799,Recommended,239030,19851393,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,sandthing,a dark puzzle game with an interesting story which will make for a amazing game that requires speed and memory to complete!
,Recommended,239030,8800600,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Katoon,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,18792437,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,RockSteady,I was really skeptical on buying this. Im not one for simulators but this one doesn't really feel like a simulator.There is a story to go along with your work and you have to focus on your job to help your family while helping smuggle some people in if you wish. It is a teter toter effect performed excellently.10/10 worth the price for sure
76561198138452993,Recommended,239030,16751842,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Vaqr Kidd,"Title: Papers, PleaseGenre: Adventure, IndieDeveloper: 3909Release Date: Aug 8, 2013Game: Approved"
76561198041040258,Recommended,239030,4714110,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,April Ryan,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,9602041,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,munchy man candy ravage,"Papers, Please is a very different experience compared to what were used too. I definitly suggest you buy it. Its very suspenseful, and aims to help you harness your ability to stay focus and pay attention to details. There's also moral struggles. Someone tells you they're being followed, and they tell you not to let so-and-so in, of course, right behind them is so-and-so. All his information is in order, but someone could die if you let him through. On the other hand, if you send him away, you'll get the money pulled out of your salary, thus not giving you enough money to feed your family.So, definitly buy this game if your the kind of person who likes time-constranted, suspensful, paper stamping action. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,4945488,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Ozymanius,"Papers, please is a dystopian game about the land of Arstotzka. You play the winner of the October Labor Lottery, and must start the job ASAP. Your mission is to check peoples passports as they come through. It starts off very simple, Arstotzkans only. As you progress through the days it gets harder, and you will most likely get less people through, meaning less money. At the end of every day you get to manage your household, with upgrades for your booth, new apartments and food/heating cuts. The game is simple but enjoyable with amazing sounds. The game also has many achievements (some are hidden) and quests that you can choose to accept or deny. The game has 20 endings and is a nice challenge trying to get them all. The game only has 1 task, but it is a fun one. 7/10"
76561198070536978,Recommended,239030,24731769,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Putin's Lover,"Its a real good game. It engulfs you atmospherically in its fast pase, tense style of gameplay. I would not recomend it for those who are not into games which you have to put your mind to it and make quick desisions. But for those into challenging, memory based, quick gameplay, Papers, please is for you."
,Recommended,239030,7932352,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PeachOfTheJungle,"Papers Please is a wonder of modern storytelling perfected through gameplay, polished through an emotional rollercoaster, and topped by a beautiful design and soundtrack.10/10 - Best of its Kind"
,Recommended,239030,32825223,Posted: 26 June,all,♛ SσƖσ Ɲσѕσтяσѕ ♛,"This was an absolutely AMAZING game when I first got it. I spent roughly half an hour playing, and soon enough, got too stressed to play. I love the personalities of the characters, but the fear that I will fail is always iminent. A lovely game with many hidden surprises - I recommend!"
,Recommended,239030,13062602,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,zuwr,"Never thought I'd have so much fun rifling through other peoples' documents.This small game is just like a ""spot-the-differences"" game, but in a timed, new, interesting presentation.If you like soviet era ads, the graphics in this game will be just right for you, since it's heavily inspired by comunist russia.It's one of those games I think everyone should try, you can get really addicted to denying (and occasionally approving) entries in Arstotzka!Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,17609876,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Pancake,Yes. Just yes. Throw ALL your money at this!
,Recommended,239030,32836953,Posted: 26 June,all,JT,Running on ultra in 4K and getting 955 fps. Excellent performance. Built my gaming PC for this alone. Very graphically demanding game.Also super fun gameplay.
,Recommended,239030,31386650,Posted: 26 April,all,☈uffcrane No_Trigger,"9.5/10Solid narrative and simple premise gameplay-wise.Everyday will introduce something new and plenty of things to try differently.Just buy it. You won't regret it.My only gripe is if you come back to play it after a long time of NOT playing, you'll have a hard time readjusting.May have to restart just to recap everything like I did."
76561198271926696,Recommended,239030,33004395,Posted: 29 June,all,Grubbles,how the hell did they manage to make being a passport checker funnothing will compare to the anticipation of waiting for that paper printing noise after allowing or denying entry
,Recommended,239030,33016362,Posted: 29 June,all,SQUIDGEY!,"Really enjoyed this game. Not because it reminded me of my job of course. I was skeptical but got it because of the reviews and glad I did.If you like fast paced, puzzle-esque maddness or you're like looking for blackheads on your partner this game is probably for you."
,Recommended,239030,33131403,Posted: 2 July,all,Lyxanda,"So much fin to play. I have always wanted to work in a communist boarder security postition where myself and my family struggle to survive and now thanks to papers, please my dream has come true!"
,Recommended,239030,13556021,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,comrade,You can turn nudity on so when you scan women you can see their boobs10/10
,Recommended,239030,11456467,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Have You Seen This Twink?,Do you enjoy barely living?Do you enjoy crushing lives with a single stamp?Do you think Cobrastan is best country?Buy this game!
,Recommended,239030,11419186,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,KeenDreams,"This is a minimum wage simulator. Sorry family, I can't afford the heat and your medicine tonight."
,Recommended,239030,7809675,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,PleasıngFungus,real good imho (ps cobrastan 4 lyf)
76561198079174445,Recommended,239030,20019371,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kobalt,"Amazing soundtrack, couldn't stop listening to it XD. Hectic in later levels but still pretty good"
,Recommended,239030,1951277,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Ikarrus,Simply fantastic. It's really rare to find a game with such unique gameplay and storytelling elements and still remain incredibly fun and satisfying.
76561198034793053,Recommended,239030,26865954,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Calex,One of the most surprisingly fun games I've ever played.Glory to arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,26859603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hamburger-chan,"If you're on the fence, just go for it."
,Recommended,239030,13182019,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Zach The Drifter,This is a great game about a Strict Country. You must choose weather to be as strict as the Country or have pity for the citizens(born in america English no good. Come at me Grammer Nazis)
76561198052782078,Recommended,239030,9623753,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Tropic Thunder™,"One of the best games I've played in a while. Forces you to make decisions that go against your morals, for the sake of being able to feed your family. It really makes you think about the way you live."
,Recommended,239030,9616952,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Pie,"Such an addictive game. I could, (and have), play it for hours and hours.."
76561198241478302,Recommended,239030,23815836,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fduge,"This game is charming and sweet, some of the choices I had to make really hurt me. Keep these two people together or earn money to feed my starving son? Help this strange organization and risk being arrested, or be the goody twoshoes?Needless to say, I enjoyed everymoment of it, I only wish there was more.Which there's not...I'd give this game a 7.5/10Would accidentally poison myself again"
76561198086482015,Recommended,239030,23815764,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Miss Muffet,Great game! Fairly simple to play but it does get more complicated as you progress. The real key is the different moral decisions you have to make. Love the number of different endings you can achieve!
76561198082764135,Recommended,239030,9439877,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Gralesis,"The simplicity of this game means that you write your own story within it, and you become your own character. You are not playing as a defined character - this game has even more freedom in your actions than The Walking Dead.You meet 10+ people every day and each one of them has a different reason for wanting to get into Arstotzka, and each decision you make (including the time you take to make it) affects how the game continues and eventually ends.I will definitely be playing the game again and taking a different approach to see how the story changes. What an amazing and original idea."
,Recommended,239030,9446518,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Undogmatic,"""Papers, Please"" is a very unorthodox game. It's a simulator where your duty is solely to check out passports at a checkpoint and grant (or deny) visas. It's not an action game. If you like games with a lot of action, this game is not for you. If you like games that are unconventional and make you tear your eyeballs out when you make too many mistakes, this is the game for you. It's also great if you're insane and love to take care of bureaucracy. But in all seriousness, it has an interesting storyline as well. :)"
,Recommended,239030,33488507,Posted: 12 July,all,lloyddyuk,"Really enjoyed this, although it started to get a bit too busy and complicated for me to keep up towards the end!"
,Recommended,239030,13289777,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Wigs,"Whenever I need a break from the monotony of my life, I know I can always be a pencil-pusher in Papers, Please. A pencil pusher who can with a rubber stamp contribute to the destruction of a totalitarian Stalinist government.Anyone who says the pen is mightier than the sword has never fostered a full-scale revolt with a rubber stamp.8/10."
,Recommended,239030,30861004,Posted: 31 March,all,Joshua~,I got bored with the last guy I was reviewing on my shift I covered his passport in accepted it was all you could seethe man then blew himself and like 3 gaurds up out of rage that I accepted him so much10/10 would cover a guys passport in accepted again
,Recommended,239030,10593541,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,yellow_tea,"This plays like a book that you can't put down. Slow-paced yet not noticeably so: there's a continuous push to go just a little bit more. The pacing is fantastic.The gameplay itself is /almost/ annoying, but I think it helps to give the story context and color. While the gameplay might not be exciting on its own, it allows other elements to be better overall."
,Recommended,239030,19298182,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,recurrences,"Seemingly menial tasks have lasting effects, and you can't help but ponder on the fates of each person encountered. Will never have another game quite like this."
,Recommended,239030,8269729,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Deng XiaoBling,"I'm not normally a fan of indie games but this one is great... The game is tough and somewhat unforgiving (you have 2 chances to make a mistake, before they start docking your pay... which eventually leads to you being unable to buy medicine for your family and them dying....). The game also has a great (dry) sense of humor... and apparently there is a large amount of transexuals trying to cross the border into Arztotzka :PI give it a 9/10"
76561198111460276,Recommended,239030,11007048,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Arch,"Always wanted to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to people getting into your country? This is the perfect simulator for you! Put 'denied' all over people's passports and crush their dreams of fleeing out of their dangerous country, into your save country. If you do well, you will get disliked by every single person trying to get in, and be the most hated person in the whole world! :DJorji Costava/10 would play again."
76561198027944638,Recommended,239030,23720046,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Naebot,10/10.Played this game far too much.Glory to Arstotzka.Screw Kolechia.
,Recommended,239030,14569694,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,johnathon,"The game is pretty addicting yet difficult to master. Not to sure if there's a lot of replayability though, after loosing the first time through (1 day shy of finishing) I don't see myself going back for another trip."
76561197985159020,Recommended,239030,18965056,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wraspir,"Great game, Keep very alert while playing."
,Recommended,239030,8374682,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Matt64091,"Papers, Please might look like a boring game, but looks are decieving. This game is full of funny little jokes and puns, and is a good game to play when you are bored and just want to play a game that slightly uses your brain. It's perfect for any age, however it doesn't necasarily have infinite replay value, considering it can get boring after you have beaten the story mode."
,Recommended,239030,10776573,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Coffee Boss,"Glory to Arstotzka, Next"
,Recommended,239030,18742060,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Evaheist,"If there's anything that could be said about this game, it's the fact that it is so different from anything else you've played. Open your eyes, sharpen your inspection skills and get ready for your new job as a border inspector for the glorious nation of Arstotzka!10/10 for realism."
,Recommended,239030,11949996,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Pesty Conqueror,"Never played anything like it, unique and refreshing with good use of older graphics. Would love to see more content in any form, very highly recommended time killer"
76561198049472926,Recommended,239030,11942626,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Silty Loam,Guide for win:-Work harder-Kolechians are scum-Jorgi Costava is love-Work harder-Uncle needs to get job-Work harder
76561198136490804,Recommended,239030,11975575,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Synn Black,"This game is a great one to play if you're looking to kill a lot of time. It seems to suck you into it's world where you work as a border control personel. Not only does it focus on a keen eye for detail but it also has many personal decisions that must be made in relation to your family's health and wellbeing. An interesting feature is the multiple endings, meaning every decision you made may be crucial to how the game plays out. I dislike that you can't tell what endings you have already achieved and have to restart from the beginning to work on a different path (it's easier than trying to find out where crucial moments happened because nothing on the 'episode' screens tell you exactly what major or minor events occured. I would definitely recommend this game still since it is extremely addicting. A great way to kill some time."
76561198096079278,Recommended,239030,11398892,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,FriendFive,"I haven't played this game much, but so far I like it and would recommend it to others who are looking for something different. It's very much an indie game and it really is a ""job simulator"" or a ""paperwork simulator"" so you would think that it would be pretty boring. Well, as my teenage daughter said when watching my wife play, ""it's sort of boring, but sort of interesting.""I think what makes the game interesting is the story of a working class man in a fictional communist country trying to make ends meet at his bureaucratic job that pays him peanuts. He's got his own problems to deal with keeping his family fed, warm, and healthy. BUt as he goes through the motions everyday of stamping passports, allowing or denying people at his checkpoint, he is confronted sometimes with other people's problems. What does he do? Does he just follow the rules of his employer/government and cover his own butt? Or does he sometimes break the rules when seemingly honest people might be in trouble and might need help from him? I think it's this tension that makes the game interesting. It's not always clear what is the right thing to do.You have to have a quick eye and pay attention to details in this game since you can make a little more money the more people you proces each day. But if you make too many mistakes and break the rules, then your bosses penalize you. So you have a lot of incentive to be merciless to those who sometimes approach you for help. So the game sort of encourages you to be a cold-hearted bureacratic machine and makes it hard to do what you think is the right thing to help someone in need. I think that is part of the tension that makes the game good. You can let someone through who doesn't have the right paperwork and your bosses will give you a warning about that, and that puts pressure on you to not make any other followup mistakes or you'll lose some of the little money you make.The pixelated, retro graphics that are in this game seem to be all the rage these days with indie games these days, and I honestly am getting tired of the trend, but in this case the visuals really work well because they enhance the bleakness of the setting of the game.This is definitely a game to try out if you are looking for a different gaming experience, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198141222946,Recommended,239030,11974800,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,The311KSBandit,"I was introduced to this game through the most unlikely source I was asking people what's a great game to get during a Sale for Steam. I follow actor and indie game creator Wiley Wiggins he's known for his fantastic roll in Dazed and Confused. Well I asked him what was one game I should get on here for the sale and he told me ""You should get a indie game called Papers, Please"" he gave me so many details about it I started to get intrested and man I made the correct choice. Not only is this game Terrific but it's also a very well thought out History lesson you'll but it and Study it, it has so much to offer yet the backround is sadly the truth I had to stop a few times to question and to think never has a game done that for me. I highly reccommend this game not only is it a game game to play but again it makes you really think. I saw puzzel and I really didn't think I would like it but I'm glad I got the great review from an expert like Wiggins. Glad I added it to my Library. So many themes and it's sad to know this still goes on"
,Recommended,239030,21124628,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,geojade,"Its a good game. To some, it may offer hard desicions at the expense of money that you need to keep your family alive, to others including me it is a Nazi dictatorship simulator where you reject anyone if they have a dot over the i to small and other equally trivial things. Well not to that extent but you see what I mean. You have a time limit to make money and if you ♥♥♥♥ up your family dies. May your wrists be quick and your wits be quicker. I'd recommend this game if you have good skills in notcing small errors and logic."
,Recommended,239030,10434806,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Distortions,"SImple, no frills... low-fi, deadpan... and yet oddly addicting."
,Recommended,239030,10432675,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SatanicLoofa,"What can be said about this game? I bought it when it was on sale purely on the recommendation of yahtzee, who does zero punctuation. ""Paper, Please"" is an interesting concept, and it's done fairly well. Everything that needs to work does, and it's kept at whatever pace you set. This is not a game to blaze through, you should go into it expecting a lot of reading, and a lot of failure.If you hae patience, and want to try something pretty refreshing, I recommend it. If you want a fast paced mindless game this is not for you. Like I said before you need to be very aware and cautious, because there isn't much room for error. If you are not dilligent than small mistakes can cost you, which can mean your family dying. There are several decissions to be made based on your morals in game, and risk vs. reward played a big role in my playthrough, With all that in mind, if none of that scares you, check this game out, It's made by one guy, support indie developers."
76561198011054333,Recommended,239030,7445688,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,[FR]-Tristou-,
76561198066723233,Recommended,239030,9709775,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Rockstarr229,Who knew paper work would be fun and addicting
,Recommended,239030,9711879,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Sebiac,"I really like this game, and it's a good time waster!"
,Recommended,239030,9638972,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Chuzook,"Very good ""dystopian document thriller"","
76561198128969056,Recommended,239030,9665855,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GarlicGenes,"This game is amazing. Especially the tense parts where your morals are challenged.  Although a bit short, and a little bit too expensive, Papers, Please makes a boring job fun. How is it possible, I don't know. But I do know that this game is fabulous and I'd give it 90/100."
,Recommended,239030,9651723,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Green Batman,"Do you like feeling bad?Do you like supporting communism?Would you like a difficult job?Would you like to take care of a family with a minimum wage?If you said yes to one or all of the above, you may enjoy this game.No, but seriously, this game is f**king great."
,Recommended,239030,9678168,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Vegit-O,I don't understand why this game is so fun. Definitely worth the buy
76561198036489933,Recommended,239030,9699134,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Mr SIap Dash,I destroyed many hopers and dreams. Then i hung up a picture on my wall and got executed.9.5/10Would rejected admission to Arstotzka.
76561198031239270,Recommended,239030,9670408,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Crazed1867,"Allow me to process my thought process before and after this game:""A game about beuracracy. Ha! That'll be the day!""5 hours later.""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥nuggets, what have I been doing the past few hours.""Yeah this game is good. Not just good but really good. There are two big parts that make this game really good. The first is just the gameplay. I'm not sure how they did it but the but checking the papers in your little booth is a very engrossing process and is very easy to learn how to point and click the varying paper work is easy and the addition of more paper work as the game progresses adds to a more challenging momentum without taking away from the game. The next strenth is the moral choices in the game. Now most games have some kind of moral choice, usually something about killing rainbow mcpuffins or not, which can easily bereplaced by a light switch at the end of the game saying what ending you want. Papers, Please makes it really hard to be a good perason. You can either reunite a couple who has been divided by the split, but you get paid by how many people you get through the booth, and if you let the wrong people in you cant pay for the food and medicine for your family. I can't even begin to describe all of the nail biting delimas that the game through me because of this small amount of context. This is a game that shows just what a small bit of context can do with a game and definitley add to the evidence that games are in fact an art form. So yes I do recommend this game over other games that have come out this year and if you have not tried it yet you should."
,Recommended,239030,9649083,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,M[A]dEden,Hardest game of my life. Excellent mouse clicking simulator. Essential life lesson this game will teach you: don't have a family if you want to live a happy life.
76561198071724942,Recommended,239030,11324675,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Latios,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,27395914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,a finely grilled hot dog,i'll die for jorji the man is pure and innocent
,Recommended,239030,13481121,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Erah,"This is a game about stamping passports, screaming at every little mistake and developing hatred for Kolechians. While on top of that, you must take care for your family and help the Illuminati (Ezic)10/10 would detain Kolechian again"
,Recommended,239030,10591927,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,★ seaweed ®,there appears to be a discrepancy
,Recommended,239030,8287007,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Space Geebus,Oddly Beautiful.
,Recommended,239030,9634651,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Frrmack,"Good storytelling, and the constant introduction of new gameplay mechanics keeps it fresh throughout the story. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,10014835,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,lordlycastle,"Your first impression of the game will be monotonous and fastidious but very soon you will develop a rhythm of being a proficient immigration inspector.If you cannot there is an Easy Mode option in settings.This game requires your undivided attention and quick reflexes; you will have to take notice small details. When you play this game, you are going to enter a mesmerising state of mind and the music is very appeasing; you won't notice how much time has passed.This game is not just about being a immigration inspector, its about the struggle of making moral choices. Would you condemn this lady to die, with expired passport, by refusing her entry or deprive your sick son of medicine by losing your paycheque? Would you let a wanted murderer pass because revenge driven father wants to kill him or would you get him arrested, where he might not be sentenced justly for his crimes? Would you help the terrorist organisation EZIC over-throw the corrupt government or  stay loyal to the dystopian Arstotzka? These are but a few of the question you have to ask yourself. The story is not that long but the best part is that you can start a semi-new game from any day and make different choices. You also have more option as you make progress, such as ability to check fingerprints and full body scan.This game is not everyone; being an immigration inspector is the most exciting job of all, some may find that boring. If you do not mind doing same thing over and over, then you should definitely give it a try. Even with a linear story, it will get you emotionally engaged with the various choices it presents you.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,11128881,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Zaximillian,A great game that has to be played to understand.
76561198165638467,Recommended,239030,31017979,Posted: 8 April,all,halthiaron,Donald Trump's TSA simulator 10/10
76561198029590046,Recommended,239030,31023819,Posted: 8 April,all,Cutcherello,"Simple gameplay, good story, definitely worth the money"
,Recommended,239030,16048910,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Snik,Glory to Arstotzka!My first run I kept skimping alternatively on keeping the heat on and feeding my family. After 10 turns only my mother-in-law was still alive of my Arstotzkan family. I made sure to stamp passports faster and with less compassion on my subsequent playthrough.
76561198074016440,Recommended,239030,9238841,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,willferguson2,this game does sometimes make me want to bang my head on the table sometimes but when u push through that thin yet very frustrating border this game will be on ur top 10 list
,Recommended,239030,29254367,Posted: 14 January,all,Bass][e,"★★★★★This is a memorable gem.It's different in a good way, a really good way. It's weird when you first heard of or seen it: ""Checking papers?"". Yes, but the designer dressed this game up so it can appeal to many types of players. Frist, it has a good focus on story and setting. Does seeking for a narrative will find something interesting here. Two, it offers a fair amount of freedom, leaving enough room for player agency. No, you can customise everything, but you can manage you finances, choose the way the story plays out, define your own ethics. Lastly, the game offers a good challenge and you'll notice you'll get better at it over time. After finishing it, the player unlocks multiple endless-modes in which he can go for a good score (dunno about unlockables, besides the achievements).Don't forget the memorable, meme-status quotes and pictures.It's an extremely successfull experiment, that creates a unique perspective to those who are open for new experiences."
,Recommended,239030,25507784,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shoey's New,10/10 pauline hanson simulator
,Recommended,239030,7380038,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Harmonica,"Artfully designed indie title that manages the not-insignificant accomplishment of being witty, bleak and quietly affecting without compromising on its gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,13656941,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lil Grape,"This game is actually pretty cool for its first look- dont let your eyes decieve you. You may think its some boring, old, trash 8-bit game but really it takes skill, memorization, and puzzle solving to be good in this game. My friends thought that in this game, all you do is choose who gets through the border and who does not. WRONG. Basically, in this game you must find discrepencies in people's passports. Can't find one? Let them through. Found one? You can detain, fingerprint, search, deny and do much more to people in this game. ALTHOUGH! This game will get repetitive and within like a week, you may get bored. 8/10 would deny people for fun again."
,Recommended,239030,7969258,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Willpie,This game is super fun and very stratigic
,Recommended,239030,26693091,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Benevolentia,"Beginning of the game = A father of a big family.End of the game = Single, lonely father.Economy is more broken than NeoPets"
,Recommended,239030,26273958,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Drug Dealer,Papers please?
,Recommended,239030,13341396,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SpaceNinjaPirate,I had to question a woman because her passport said she was a guy.  I did a full body scan on her and you know what?  Her passport was right!10/10
76561198113981159,Recommended,239030,13349243,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Private Pinwiggles,The ability to either let someone in to your country or to crush all their hopes and dreams is a great feeling.
,Recommended,239030,22363763,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lukas,This game is great!
,Recommended,239030,20366083,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Level1noob,Glory to Arstotzka !
76561198220188272,Recommended,239030,18637946,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,EsthOr23,"This game is so refreshing and so cool!You can decide the whole storyline for yourself. Make your own decisions, you run this Border Checkpoint!The fact that new features keep coming in keeps you sharp and keeps you focussed.I finished the game and would start working at this Border Checkpoint again right away.Bribes, weird people, secret notes... Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561197994874062,Recommended,239030,26902346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FraxtheDragon,Best precognitive simulation of Trump's Wall. All hail Trumpistan!
,Recommended,239030,11804626,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Arkaid,"All I'm going to say is that you should never play this game while tired. You're bound to make mistakes pretty quickly X3It's fun, but you need to be really alert!"
,Recommended,239030,31125291,Posted: 13 April,all,IILeaveMeAloneII,It's very fun if you get involved with the story.
,Recommended,239030,9602023,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[FIST]Onuma,"In ""Papers, Please"" you are a customs agent for a Soviet-esque nation.  Charged with safeguarding the borders from illegal aliens, smugglers and ne'er-do-goods, yet paid for every legal individual allowed past your checkpoint, you must find a compromise between pro-bono and quid-pro-quo.Do the right thing and possibly force your family members to go hungry?  Or take a potentially-incriminating bribe and keep the heat on and bellies full for another day?This game is a masterpiece.  One of my top 5 games of 2013, and likely to be amongst the most well-designed, intricately planned games of all time.  Get it."
,Recommended,239030,29777863,Posted: 8 February,all,Don't Panic,Awesome game for long hours. Have fun guys ;)
,Recommended,239030,8526215,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sir Remove Kebab,"Papers, please is a awesome game where you are a border officer and you are responsible for letting people into the country. Each day, things get harder and rules change. And yes, it is also fun. I am a FPS type of guy and I liked this. Chances are you too to like this.8.0/10"
,Recommended,239030,17481994,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,StickyKees,Dystopian monotony turned into an investigation game.I never looked forward to paperwork as much as i did this. So much emotion as well.
,Recommended,239030,1474014,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Cal,"The real joy here is the story behind the game, which takes you, a random humble worker in the communist nation of Arstotzka (glory to Arstotzka!) and shoves you right in the middle of a sprawling bureaucracy. Who you choose to help, or hinder, affects not only where you end up, but the story of the nation itself. Most of your time in the game will be spent inspecting an increasing number of documents presented by each traveller, looking for a single letter or number out of place; but you can't spend too long on each one, as you're paid per traveller, and if you don't get through enough you'll be faced with the decision of whether to let your family starve or freeze. Everything about the experience draws you in, to the point where I've spent 23 of the 45 hours since the game's release playing this game!"
,Recommended,239030,10250227,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,"A good game, very deep, quite challenging and you will make mistakes. really feels like a job, brilliant game design.Glory to the New Arizstoka.COMPLETIONIST'S NOTE: Do everything"
,Recommended,239030,34137218,Posted: 9 August,all,ParakeetPerson,"Overall, the game's story and main plot was both intriguing and thrilling, with a mesmerizing art-style as well."
76561198092799911,Recommended,239030,10959107,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shaikhnbake,Judged the game based on looks and boy was I wrong. Not only is the game enjoyable but its also pretty hard trying to get enough money to sustain you and your family. Try the game out it's really good
,Recommended,239030,10962608,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nathangra,"For some strange reason, this game just works. Satisfying and humorous."
76561197999797567,Recommended,239030,10964188,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheOctagon,"Papers, Please will probably be the closest any game gets to being a Sherlock Holmes simulator, albeit unintentionally so. As part of the border patrol for a fake European country, you'll be cross checking statements, identifying discrepancies, and using all manner of analytical skills with maximum precision and concentration, all within the course of one day. The game has a lot to offer in terms of story and theme as well, and it is the OCD master who will unlock all of the game's secrets and bonuses. I recommend this game to anyone who doesn't mind sifting through paperwork to unlock their ""sherlockian"" potential."
,Recommended,239030,11111756,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bonchops,"If you ever thought a game about stamping passports and checking papers for errors would be boring, you'd be wrong. Papers, Please is an innovative point & click game set in a dystopian, glorious, Communistic society by the name of Arstotzka. You are selected to work for a border checkpoint where you must approve, or decline people's visas. The game grows layers as you go on adding entry permits, to having to take fingerprints. This is the first of it's kind as a game that has you approving papers, and that's a major risk, yet this risk pays off immensely with addictive gameplay. With retro pixelated graphics and text dialogue, the game has fascinating story dealing with rebellion to corrupt government. Papers, Please is a new idea that works extremely well and is addicting, with the only complaint being one level where if a mistake is made, it sends you back several levels; this game is a must own in your collection and will be considered a classic after many years. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,15048131,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Acejhm,"I can't express in words why this game is fun.  You would think that sitting at a border checkpoint examining papers all day would be boring...but....this game is addicting.  Basically, you start out just examing passsports for fraudilant information, but by the end of the game you are comparing passports, work permits, entry permits, and id supplements against each other, while checking for wanted criminals and contraband.  You can, if you so choose to be a disloyal Artstoskan, to help the Ezic agents overthrow the government too."
76561198119135774,Recommended,239030,24901626,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Zethareos,"Very creative and addicting game, as the advancing difficulty in it makes it very interesting. The side quests, such as (spoiler) Sergiu's girlfriend returning makes the game more lifelike and intriguing. I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who likes a good strategy game."
,Recommended,239030,14072716,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,JamboROFL,"This is one of the best games I've played on Steam. It may be simple, but boy is it fun! The simple graphics don't matter when the game mechanics, for me, are spot on.I would give this game 10/10. A must buy."
,Recommended,239030,11428257,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Burke,Great game! Challenging but fun at the same time! Love the characters and the side quest are pretty cool! A few problems but I find it a good game to play.
76561198200029393,Recommended,239030,18364362,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,[insert witty name here],"One of the best games I have ever played. There has never been a game that made me pace back and forth for an hour, trying to make a moral decision. Best $10 ever spent. You wont regret it. It will forever be on my top 5 games list"
,Recommended,239030,9607723,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,HMAKK,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,8421265,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bikimini,"Bizarrely addictive considering its premise, this game is half puzzle, half survival simulator. Essentially you're given a changing set of rules of varying complexity and have to compare the passports and other documentation of immigrants to your brutal Communist home country. Enjoy features such as your wife, son, uncle, and mother-in-law dying as a result of cold, hunger, disease, or any combination of the three as you fail to bring home enough money to save them all. You're going to lose in this game, but there's a lot of fun to be had in the process. Highly recommended at a sale price."
76561198021564276,Recommended,239030,13558332,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,HauserorQuaid,"If your ""company"", play this....I hear ""misery"" loves you"
,Recommended,239030,10627319,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ThatDamnUmbreon,"This is a game that will pull you in, wrap you up, and send you on your way wanting more. Who would've thought a simple game about being an immigration border official could be so much fun. Best of all, it works well with touch screens! In fact if you have one I recommend using it, the gameplay improves so much."
,Recommended,239030,1278491,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Jota,"Congratulations comrade, you've been selected to be our new immigration inspector on Grestin border and as such your job is to control the entrance to our great nation!As an inspector you will get to allow or deny the entrance of people looking to immigrate, pass thru, visit and even smuggle and contraband stuff into your country. This fun indie game takes you by surprise since all you do is check documents, cross references and inspect papers to allow or deny those entrances. You will also be contacted to be a spy or to honor your duty for your country.Glory to Arstozka!"
,Recommended,239030,19942840,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fred Durst and Limp Bizkit,Its actually a great game despite the graphics which some people think a game has to be. Super fun and challenging at times.
,Recommended,239030,10960938,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rode0,"Looking for action? Sure, Papers, Please can deliver that to you. Looking for fun? If you consider meticulous checking fun this game is right up your alley. Papers, Please is a game all about moral decisions, having a keen eye, and story. It's a little bit repetitive, but the little gameplay twists throughout keep it entertaining. 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,10964837,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pachukomendez,"I gotta say for a game that is based on a very boring subject matter, it is really addicting to play! I've actually been playing it over and over to try and get the different ending as well as the achievements within the game and I have yet to get tired of it. So dont be to quick to judge this game and give it a try."
,Recommended,239030,11109737,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,LeonRes,"I don't know about art, but I know that this game excellently taps into the setting by design and mechanics. The visuals and music scream 80's, Soviet bloc, desolation, and the unpredictable nature of life. Gameplay is surprisingly engaging, slowly introducing new details. With your tiny screen and limited controls, you feel like the man watching the border, what little power you may have is cramped and pushed under the thumb of the government overseers. You are pushed to match up an array of information from various documents, speed and correctness being key to your income. Rules change regularly, and you have to balance the needs of the bureaucracy, your family, and the people. Maybe you let someone through the border without proper documents. Will their thanks be worth possibly going without heat or food tonight? Will that gift even last, or will you be found by the police and taken into custody?It's an incredibly engaging game. A matching-puzzle for adults, with moral choices and ""correct"" answers depending on who you trust more in this world. It's a wonderful experience. I really can't recommend it enough without spoiling anything. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,2042521,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Neku - TheDude,Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198255949682,Recommended,239030,34178879,Posted: 11 August,all,tinamaxwelltina-maxwell,I LOVE THE GAME   BEST BORDER PATROL GAME    SO FAR
,Recommended,239030,34187620,Posted: 12 August,all,hidenxd,It's a pretty good game. If you want to get most of the endings.  And they're a lot. It it completely worth 9Euros. or 10$
,Recommended,239030,11615821,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Drewsko,Glory to Aztotska!
76561198115556247,Recommended,239030,8476355,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Bust Nutyear,"papers, please"
,Recommended,239030,11428844,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,leechmonger,crazy paper game
,Recommended,239030,34212498,Posted: 13 August,all,Elborax,"It is up to you. You can be an obedient worker, pursue your own well-being, be just helpful to people in need, or change the whole government in your country. Question your moral values, and think about consequences of your actions. That is the job of Grestin border checkpoint inspector.Brilliant idea, ingenious retro-graphics, atmospheric soundtrack.Indie game like it should be."
76561198202061500,Recommended,239030,24603972,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,KIndlekendall,Uk 24 Hours after BREXIT
,Recommended,239030,21082191,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Soda Popinsky,Fun and addictive game.
,Recommended,239030,20029225,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pant Lid,stamp
76561198164353348,Recommended,239030,14588859,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Teh Otter,"*turns on game  in morning*Me: ""Ok. Lets go to work""*Clicks 'GO TO WORK' button""*Inspector comes*Me: ""Oh. Hello inspector! ;3""Inspector: ""Here. A prize for working well.""Me: ""oh. Cool!""*Hangs on wall*Inspector: ""Be sure to let a girl named Shae through. She's in line today.""Me: ""Ok!""*Forgets to let through*About Ten Days Later: ""Day 25""Me: ""Hi, Inspector!""Inspector: ""You didn't let Shae through.""Me In My Mind: ""Uh oh.""Inspector: ""You will pay for this.""*GAME OVER*""The inspector has reported a robbery. You Have Been Detained for Robbing Astroztikan Property""Me In My Mind After About 10 Seconds of Prossesing About What Just Happened: ""He just arrested me for not letting his girl through. What the heck?!?!?""Good game. 10/10 If you want a serious game about a 1980s communist country border inspector, this is the game for you."
76561198321740716,Recommended,239030,29575343,Posted: 29 January,all,Pinging Poro,"I absolutely love this game. The story may not be as captivating as other games, but the overall feel of the game is perfect. I  can't say more without giving the game away. I hope anyone who wishes to buy this game does so, and doesn't hold back. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,3608238,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Unknown Minutes™,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198054485129,Recommended,239030,15452182,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,K4,One of the best original games I have ever played in a looooooong time. Grab it when it goes on sale and you will be one of the happiest persons on the planet. 10/10.Glory to Arstoztka!
,Recommended,239030,27019905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wizard The Krrrrrrk,"Beautiful game, in a disturbing way. Gameplay is puzzle like."
,Recommended,239030,32790258,Posted: 25 June,all,RuthlesssOscar,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game so much... I didn't know a game about the boarder  was so amusing I mean listening to these people's stories to about their life and how ♥♥♥♥edlife is to them makes you want to let them in. By letting someone can also cost a meal for you and your family. Rn my son and the uncle are very sick and about to dieI also love Jorji, best character in the gameGlory to ArstotzkaEdit: They are ♥♥♥♥ing dead >~<"
76561198022176037,Recommended,239030,11650246,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Kazu,"A Woman wanted to enter, because she needed a doctor. So she bribed me.I refused to let her pass, but still kept the money. I Love my job !"
76561198080003187,Recommended,239030,10619391,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dannyboy,"Surprisingly addictive with simple graphics and storyline, loving the various endings and how your decision making can alter them. The game focuses on the emotional toll of working as an immigration officer, and that's what makes Papers, Please such a unique game.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11837082,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,TheAlmightySpode,"Ok, I want to start this review with my time is false. I have played at LEAST 10 more hours of this game, but I played offline so it wasn't tracked. This game, to put it simply, is a bureaucracy simulator. The entire point of the game is to work. There is no way to live on welfare in Arstotzka, either. You work. That's the game. However, this game has a comedy aspect to it. In Glorious Arstotzka, you can look forward to being greeted by: drug smugglers, strippers, pimps, normal people, terrorists, rebels (why would they want to rebel against glorious Arstotzka?!), more terrorists, murderers, human traffickers, communists, facists, and many more amazing people! I mean, who wouldn't want to spend hours sitting in one place and earning fake money while running a fake job?! Everyone did it in Rollercoaster Tycoon! Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,20161425,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DeeM,"Amazing game.PROS-Story RichNever Gets BoringComplicated and Relateable PlotChoose your own adventure.The faces and names are always different, I have never found a match.CONS-If you make the wrong decision at the end of the day and die/be imprisoned you have to complete the whole day again because it saves every morning.OVERALL9.5/10 GOOD GAME"
,Recommended,239030,34096190,Posted: 7 August,all,SockStealer,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZHOVAw-bDw
,Recommended,239030,10165792,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Zardonic,"If you're into something extraordinary and you want to stop hating the guys at every checkpoint when you're traveling, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,239030,23600614,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,☢Utsuho おくう Reiuji☢,Glory of arstotzka !1984
76561198036152139,Recommended,239030,25558053,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,krane,"An interesting game, if not quite ""entertaining"". I found its monotony and increasing bureaucracy to be very similar to my real-life in public service. The endless drudgery that will have you violate your job simply to expeirence some change.It's a thoughtful and interesting game, but I found some aspects needed improvement--the graphics were poor, particularly when you are supposed to recognize someone's gender in a bad drawing. ANd the controls are clunky. My arms are sore after a few hours of play from clicking back and forth, back and forth. As you progress the controls get easier if you buy upgrades, but why not just have those from the start? It's annoying, not engaging."
,Recommended,239030,7852214,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Wykanico,"Well worth the money.  Extremely well designed and addicting.  I'm not sure how it manages to be so enjoyable while being so grim and it even does it while telling a good story and conveying a very powerful message.I think I need to start playing more indie games, this is way more interesting than any recent AAA title."
,Recommended,239030,20819795,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,LethalScientist | skinhub.gg,"An excellent game set in a dynamic dystopian setting, it is a funny and orginal idea for a game which really works! it is very fun and well worth the purchase price. The story mode has 13 different endings and the unlimted mode means there is no real playtime cap. This is an amazing gem of a game"
,Recommended,239030,11604518,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nevermore,Really fun and tough game with an interesting setting.
,Recommended,239030,28575181,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,STROYER,"Interesting only for the decisions you need to makeCategoriesCalificationExplanationValue$9.99The price is above the game experience, on sale its around $4.Gameplay4After the first 3 days it becomes the same only for a few changes. What's interesting is about the decisitions you have to make, mainly at the end of the day.Graphics3Very poor graphics and sounds, that reduces the game experience.Overall5If you like indie games you should try it but if your more into action games, this is not your game."
76561198132226561,Recommended,239030,29253339,Posted: 14 January,all,Xernil,I can't stop playing but I couldn't stop thinking about if you found some one whos birthday matched the date and if you were to highlight their Date Of Birth with the date and wish them a happy birthday they'd give you a coin. I just thought that would be a funny thing if implamented.
,Recommended,239030,21698845,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,FyriFloo,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,13193316,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Aeternull,"Papers Please! You have been choosen for a random search! ...♥♥♥♥♥♥your a man DENIED! God this game is fun and addicting and a bit hard. I recommend this game and play the Story and interesting things will happen very early and it'll keep getting interesting and more interesting. Only problem is the time limit for each day. Sometimes you get a letter or someone tells you to let someone pass during that specific day and when the day comes, it'll end before that person reaches your booth :( anyway the game is awesome buy it or be DENIED! Glory to Arstotzka!!!"
,Recommended,239030,11991072,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Gloriousrussian,good game reminds me of find-it puzzles
,Recommended,239030,21822743,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,bird bro,"Made me stare into the abyss and question my morals and work ethic. A seemingly dull game that gets progressively harder and choices become more and more difficult. Papers, Please does an excellent job of creating a story and a world from very little. With over a dozen endings, the best strategy is to pay attention and work fast. Good luck. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,17722507,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Biodegradable,"Papers, Please is a truly grim, depressing, distressing, heart-wrenching game that'll have you mentally exhausted as you stamp forms, catch out terrorists, and have people with sob stories detained (God only knows what happens to them when they're taken away) for not having the correct paperwork. The absolute dread and drudgery is amazingly powerful and immersive as you are forced to make harrowing decisions that determine, not only the fate of your family, but those of other innocent people desperately flailing in a hopeless Cold War allegory.This game is freaking phenomenal."
,Recommended,239030,18942023,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,visionaryBlender,"Informally dubbed ""Slav Simulator 1984"", this is by far one of my more favourite titles.Like Orwellian themes? This is essentially a must buy. The dark communist eastern vibe that is painted within this game is nothing short of amazing.What's so unique and great about this game is that it shapes it's gameplay in a unique fashion pertaining to the scenario of the game, as opposed to being a fixed genre that the game's narrative and world has to at least somewhat acommodate. Have you ever seen a border control ""simulator"" before of a similar ilk? Me neither.You are the father figure of a poor village family that lives in Artztotzka, a totalitarian country held together with pride and an iron fist. You work as a border controller officer, checking passports of all border entrants. The story itself is very neatly tied together, with a plethora of decisions you can make in the scenarios of the game and consequence that will unfold because of your actions. Everything is moody and gloomy, as you would expect from such a world. It can hold moments of light-heartedness, and it is definately something that should be experienced and appreciated firsthand.The gameplay itself is fast paced and very thorough. You need to check every meticulous detail too see if documents are in check and valid, corresponding to the entrant correctly. The difficulty curve in the late game gets even harder as more documents that you need to check pile up as the game progresses.Should you buy this? If you hold an appreciation for a dark, Orwellian world, absolutely. If you enjoy unique, intuitive gameplay that will keep you on your toes and isn't too pretentious, take it into heavy consideration. It can hold a little less ground when it comes to complete replayability (frankly I can't see myself playing this game for TOO long in say, endless modes, as it can get somewhat repetitive, albeit challenging), but it is still very much an amazing game for it's price and you should seriously buy it if you haven't."
76561198046781319,Recommended,239030,13377328,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AnzyVee,"Very very very strange game, overall it is just a matter of clicking whether to accept or regect people, in that sense it's pretty easy, follow the rules etc however you find yourself risking your three strikes as a result of feeling sorry for people due to their stories/threats etcOn the other hand you do find yourself regecting entry to people who you just don't like the attitude of xDGood time killer, rather addictive."
76561198142438563,Recommended,239030,21217640,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tim Bishop,"Papers Please is a very good game with an interesting idea: you are a border agent that can deny people acess to the country. The game does get very hard over time, and i would only recomend it to people who like simulater games like this, because it can get dull."
,Recommended,239030,20408547,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jena,Glory to Arztotzka!
,Recommended,239030,31408738,Posted: 27 April,all,nkfriedrich,"I just... I absolutely love this game.It's such immersive gameplay that you instantly feel like a cold war communist passport checker. I can't help but yell out ""PERMIT DENIED!"" when I've found the most obscure inaccuracies with 4 different forms and countless rules.9/10 (Would be 10/10, but this game is hard as ♥♥♥♥ when you're drunk)."
,Recommended,239030,7350724,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,BOON,"Throught the gameplay you have a tingling sensation that YOU DO MATTER, even though the other players trying to get in are NPCs,The game drives you forward not by self improvement or a leaderboard, but by a list of necesseties that you need for yourself and your family. Making matters worse most of the time you WON'T be able to puchase all your neccesities, so you have a driving decision to send medicine to keep your son healthy or to go without food for another day, Or go without heat and risk yourself from getting sick as well."
,Recommended,239030,9603369,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,*DFC*Comrade Pavel,woaaahpaaah this is a glorious game
,Recommended,239030,13703642,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sweet-Tea,The best Communist Government Job simulator on the market.
76561197993508710,Recommended,239030,34964758,Posted: 14 September,all,redordead2000,"I am either very thick or this game is very difficult, I fail so many tests that my family all die within a week. Imagine doing this for a living... Mind numbing."
76561197965046644,Recommended,239030,35116943,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"Play as a border guard protecting your country from those that wish to overthrow your government or maybe open your heart to the people seeking entry to your country but just remember anyone you let in could be the end of your family and your life as well. The choice is yours as you scan, check and decide the fate of many that come to your border....Glory to Arstotzka!!!!!"
,Recommended,239030,8524988,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Atellion,"Beneath what seems like a dull premise lies a game that will take you by surprise at every chance it gets. From quirky characters to terrorist attacks, opportunities to make a quick buck (at the cost of your job!) to the offers of making a real difference in your glorious Arstotzka, your decisions count and determine the fate of every individual who enters your booth - and the fate of your own family.This game will have you playing over and over just to see what path your life takes. So get your rule book open, stamps ready, papers, please."
76561197999729894,Not Recommended,239030,12070503,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,After shav,"Yes, that's a red thumb. Don't get me wrong this is a good, innovative and surprising game. But it has a major fault you need to be aware of before buying it.>This game is about WORKING.Like a real job, maybe like your real job. You spend the daytime in your office, doing a repetitive task, in a dull and boring environnement. You go back home in the evening, worried about your family members getting ill and bills to pay. And you have to perform well at work, for you salary is based on your productivity.This is quite stressful and you definitely don't want to go for another work routine when you log on steam.Moreover everything in this game is so... depressing. It can't be explained with words, but I find that the feeling you get while playing is not enjoyable at all, almost repulsive. Right now I remember the graphics, the music, the suffocating atmosphere and I just want to run away and finish this rating as fast as possible.I know there's a lot of positive ratings for this game already and I got their point : the game is good and unique obviously.But do you seriously feel like working in a video game and going through all that implies ?"
,Recommended,239030,13644953,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,|мχ| Belle,Gave papers from a suspicious group to an officer and got arrested10/10 would give again
,Recommended,239030,32758750,Posted: 24 June,all,Sgt. Hippie Cat,"My first impression was ""wow, this is deep"" and it is. it is an amazing game that really gets your inner emotions out,would you save this persons life by letting them immagrate or save your family?its the questions like that, that make this game AMAZING. you need to get it"
76561198129641003,Recommended,239030,20277037,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ICUP,Very mind stimulating and brings a lot of multitasking for you to do. It can get stressful though. I totaly recommend this game even after my third headache. In a good way.
,Recommended,239030,34430436,Posted: 22 August,all,jasi3k,"good arcade and also puzzle game, someone may like that"
76561198047559171,Recommended,239030,35074339,Posted: 19 September,all,themanman231,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198001440792,Recommended,239030,8172430,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Pyros,"great,minimalistic gamebring alot of concentration with you if you wanna play this more than a few minutes"
,Recommended,239030,17665284,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Pelandes,"Welcome to Old Soviet Russia simulator, comrades! Papers Please is a game that puts you on a inmigrant inspector's shoes, being your task to check the documments the people willing to enter on your country present to you. The beginning is simple enough: just the passport. Check if the issuing city is right, the expiration date, if the person in the photo looks like the one in front of you... you know, the basics. After that, slam either the ""approved"" or ""denied"" stampt, and call the next one. You are paid according to how many people you process a day, and if you mess up, a penalty is applied over your salary.Now, as days pass and world wide events take place, more and more documments are required to enter the country. Entry Permits, Work Permits, Diplomatic Authorizations, IDs... to mention a few. You reach a point in which your table is covered by paperwork, each sheet of paper with lots of data to check. You will encounter wanted crimminals, smugglers, counterfeiters, terrorists and poor people who just want to get through. Your paycheck, which was already misserable, gets smaller and smaller as you process less people (since each takes more time now), screw up more times (don't blame yourself, it's hard not to do that) and the cost of your life goes up (you have to maintain a family of four, plus rent, plus unexpected expenses). You will have to resort to accept bribes, get innocent people arrested to collect bonuses, and be ruthless in general to get those extra coins you need. Important decissions will have to be made, and those will have an impact in the rest of the game.It's a game that invites you to think. Will you throw your morals out of the window or try to bite the bullet and help the poor chaps in need? It's the law of the jungle out there. Let's see where this get us to.+ Heavily replayable, with multiple endings.+ The difficulty curve is steep, but fair. But that doesn't mean that the game will go easy on you...+ The story is depressing and surprisingly realistic.♥♥♥♥♥♥like this happened back in the day.+ Extremely easy to learn, and also to fail at. Your doom can come out of anywhere, and there is no way to avoid it.- Feels less like a game and more like an actual job, which I guess is what the devs were aiming at (tip of the hat in that case), but playing Papers Please sure takes a toll on me.- I said that the game is fair, but when you mess up too many times it comes crashing down on you like you wouldn't believe. Penalties in the late game are brutal, but you only have yourself to blame, for not paying enough attention.This game gets a 8 out of 10. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,35318230,Posted: 29 September,all,Lil Retard,Like minecraft with guns
,Recommended,239030,10638223,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Luminous,"I've always been a bit apprehensive about this game. It looked so boring and dull from what I saw.But jesus did I make a mistake about not getting this sooner. I went into it very closed minded not expecting much but when I came off, I had already sunk a couple hours into it.Despite its dull grey look, oddly enough it fits very well with the style/tone of the game. Gameplay, much to my surprise, is very stressful (in a good way) and keeps you thinking. My eyes are constantly darting across the screen checking for faults and such.  With the addition of your familys health/welbeing on the line of your work, it adds an element of ergency to it too.If you haven't already definately pick it up in the sale, though by all means its very much worth its full price too."
,Recommended,239030,20375226,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Loruc,"Hey, That's pretty good!"
76561197965955403,Recommended,239030,20196362,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HighHemplar,Weird game. Mostly entertaining for it's creativity. I never expected to have fun playing as a boarder guard who looks through people's paperwork for accuracy but there is no denying that I did.
,Recommended,239030,20202417,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[rG]dtjunkie,"I never thought bureaucracy could be so exciting.  In Papers, Please you play a border guard whose job it is to inspect the documents of people trying to enter your country.  As the game progresses your job becomes harder and harder and you often have to decide whether to do your job or do the right thing.  It should be completely boring, but it somehow manages to be nerve wracking and exciting,  Very innovative gameplay and well executed."
,Recommended,239030,20368282,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,OneChicGeek,"This doesn't seem like it should be entertaining - playing as a low-level bureaucrat in charge of checking papers - but it is. I thought I'd play a couple levels and wound up playing for three hours, until I wound up having to assassinate someone and was caught by the government and killed."
,Recommended,239030,3641379,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,~ C ~,
76561198075979410,Recommended,239030,20617684,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Etcetera,"We all find comfort in the drudge of the mundane and familiar. In the repetition of the same and the routine, and apathy is all too easy to experience. Try and look past it though and see what's there. Why do people do the things they do when they know it is ""wrong"" or ""inhumane""? Sit down and experience why people do these things and why they think it needs to be done. Decide for what you stand: for the familiar, or for the new. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,31103335,Posted: 12 April,all,RoboticBowtie,"if you like methodical simulation games but you like plot as well with good background music then THIS game is amazing. i first saw it watching youtubers play it, now that i've finally bought it this game is definitely everything i hoped it would be. feeling that annoyance when people dont follow regulations, making hard decisions between your familys' needs so that you can try to save money, seeing how your choices slowly affect the rest of the game, i really, REALLY love this game and it's definitely worth the 10$ i spent on it."
76561198301146354,Recommended,239030,34827960,Posted: 8 September,all,wat is life,Never had so much fun stamping people's passports or deporting them. Great and ambitous game though!
,Recommended,239030,35107293,Posted: 21 September,all,CannonK,Sad Reality of Life the game. 9/10
,Recommended,239030,7683428,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Fuzzball,Kind of like having to do a tedious yet somehow fun job. Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,11464295,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,g4m3r,"Addictive gameplay in this one, you play as an immigration officer on the border of fictional pseudo-communist-eastern block country of Arstotzka. Every day you must check immigrants' IDs, permits, work passes and so on, trying to not let down your superiors and in the meantime taking home as much money as possible, even by being corrupted, in order to guarantee your family food, heat and medicines.Every day new regulations are established and being fast, without committing errors, checking every single document with the right tools, is really hard and stressful, but really fun!! 20 different endings are available, together with many unpredictable twists, and include mysterious plots uncovered, breakaways to foreign and safer countries, terrorists attacks, personal richness and so on.Technically is a really basic game, but Papers, Please strengths reside in its peculiar mechanics, it was a really nice surprise and I would suggest it to anyone interested in something fresh and unique, easy to learn but difficult to master, a good example of ideas winning over graphics awesomeness!"
,Recommended,239030,10630843,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TAR KUS,"You gotta be a customs officer in a dystopian totalitarian universe. All your choices actually does matter and there are some fun hidden ""mini-games"" to find certain people from certain places.8.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,29034585,Posted: 5 January,all,✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈfaggot,My favourite part of this game is denying all immigrants like Tony Abbott. Unfortunately my family died. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,7822961,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Beligton,I fell in love with this game on the ears. I love this style of game. Great story. Interestny kind of graphics. Buy it! 10/10
,Recommended,239030,13778293,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GabeOfThrones,My 2013 GOTY.
76561198028118888,Recommended,239030,8281410,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,XJ,yes good game.
,Recommended,239030,20279636,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bumbo,"I let Jorji in everytime, because he is a nice man.I didn't think it was possible to be addicted to checking papers but here we are.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561197978232684,Recommended,239030,7875421,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[Asgard] Thor,Glory to Arstotska. You have won labor lottery. Much Celebration. Check the papers to ensure correct information. Pay attention. Only income are those that are correctly processed. Wife is sick and no money for medicine? Life is rough in glorious Arstotska. Do without food this month. Make country proud. Glory to Arstotska.
76561198124041384,Recommended,239030,13110127,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Xepel,"Really fun game, 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,13950689,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Scott,"Devin, Sam, and Joey all suck so much♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean the gameplay of♥♥♥♥♥♥is amazing"
,Recommended,239030,12250187,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,messtradiol,Do you like stamps? Then you'll love this stamping simulator
,Recommended,239030,6660294,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,conkers,"Fantastic game! Interesting concept, dark story, deep choices with multiple (20) endings aswell. Very enjoyable and replayable to get different outcomes.Papers, Please"
76561198123937177,Recommended,239030,10922109,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,annawgrab,best game on steam......ever!i <3 Mani P.
76561197995218678,Recommended,239030,10590076,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Casanova Frankenstein,"I hate other countries, so this game is my GOTY.10/10 would deny filthy Kolechians."
,Recommended,239030,10431738,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Staples [4IB],Cool game its fun if your into stories and having a real influance on events.
76561198039854183,Recommended,239030,23811191,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mynock42,"This is an enaging game that left me scared to face the hardships that come with each new day. Will I get enough food? Will I get enough heat?The game is not only super addictive, it is filled with a subtle and extremely engaging story hidden amongst the individuals that come to your booth.With the current Brexit vote in the United Kingdom and the sudden upsurge in racism that has followed, this game shows a possible future for my country, which dissapoints me.This game can be a fun few minutes spent to pass the time, and it can also be a lesson to not let freedom be taken for granted."
,Recommended,239030,25501727,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Silver,"I can finally feel like it would second world war and I would be in Third Reich, not allowing poor, begging and trying to cross border to be w/ their partners people, only by stamping red sexy and beautiful stamp.Feels good.Fun's good.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,25731011,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Nebulous_Potato,"Brilliant an example of a truly great video game this game has story, gameplay and good art better than all the triple A crap like call of duty. Great Game 2nd best game i have ever played!"
,Recommended,239030,23123353,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,tomato,"Arstotzka so great, review not needed!"
,Recommended,239030,25989419,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Phillip-Denty,Its a good game well worth the money.(even know I failed 3 times)I rate this game a 9.24/10
,Recommended,239030,26174400,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BEANDY [BTP],Awesome! This game is like a simulator of old times!
76561198119603056,Recommended,239030,23127066,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Atomic_Beverage,Glory to Cobrastan.
,Recommended,239030,25790847,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,pjmorrissey1995,Great game worth the money
,Recommended,239030,19401664,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Spunky,10/10 Would accept any excuse again.
,Recommended,239030,10212548,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Wrong-Face,You better play this game or you won'y know♥♥♥♥♥♥about the glory of Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,7810582,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,3000,"WELL. IT STARTS THE ♥♥♥♥ OFF WITH YE WINNIN THE ♥♥♥♥IN' LOTTERY. SO, YOU AND YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING IDIOT FAMILY ♥♥♥♥ OFF INTO A NEW TOWN SO YOU CAN START YER NEW JOAB. BIT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CAUSE YER LEAVIN WEE JOJO AND GRAHAM BEHIND BUT ♥♥♥♥ IT.SO FOLK ARE TRYING TAE GET INTAE THE COUNTRY AND YOU GET TAE DECIDED IF THEY GET IN. IF THEY TRY TAE COME IN AND TAKE AWW OOR JOBS THAT WE DIDNY APPLY FOR THEN YE CAN TELL THEM TO GET THE ♥♥♥♥ TO ♥♥♥♥ OFF. I'D GIVE IT 0/0. LOVED IT. HATED IT. DIDNT PLAY IT ENOUGH TO GET A FULL IDEA AE IT BECAUSE AM WATCHING ITS ALWAYS SUNNY IN FILIDELFIA. GREEN MAN HAHAHAHAH.RIGHT, BUY IT? BUY IT."
,Recommended,239030,3775506,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Breadless Sandwich,"Finally, a game that simulates my dream job!"
,Recommended,239030,8032058,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Akusalt the Bitter,"Probably the best Indie game that i've seen in awhile, it offers unique gameplay such as stamping papers.10/10 :D"
,Recommended,239030,8044327,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Schnuzz,Simple yet brilliant
,Recommended,239030,25774726,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Noff,An accurate depiction of life under a socialist regime.
,Recommended,239030,2107584,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,cain,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,7847104,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,@G7_Eternal,"Best game ever, 10/10, Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198066202253,Recommended,239030,13099205,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,erick21092,"Papers, Please is certainly a unique and interesting experience. The game tasks you as an immigration inspector at the border of the fictitious country of Arstotzka. You job is to approve or deny entry into the country based on whether there are discrepancies in the paperwork presented. Although it may sound like something you should be paid to do in real life, it is actually quite addictive.Papers, Please starts off a little slow, but as you progress it becomes increasingly more interesting. As you continue to approve or deny entry, the game presents you with subplots that keep you interested. I find that this is the highlight of the game. For instance, some people may ask you to deny access to another person down the line, explaining that if they are approved they could be killed by them. This presents you with an interesting moral dilemma: Deny that person access, even if they have the correct paperwork, and take the penalty for an unauthorized denial, or accept that person anyways to avoid penalty. This plays into the other aspect of the game which is maintaining the health and welfare of your family. You are paid based on how many people you correctly process. Although you are allowed two mistakes per day without cash deduction, you still only make a certain amount of money to pay for food, rent, heat, and medicine.Each level is broken down it days. You are presented with a time limit to correctly process as many people as you can. This provides you with another interesting choice: skim through the paperwork and risk taking penalties, or be meticulous and thorough. I found that a happy medium between both was the best option. Although I usually made a few mistakes and took a few penalties, I was able to make a decent amount of money at the end of the day. This encompassed with the moral dilemmas presented means you are never bored.The only problem that I had with this game was that sometimes I felt a little overwhelmed with all the decisions. In addition to regular inspection and subplots, each day added additional rules that you have to follow. For example, on a new work day, all immigrants from a certain country were required to be searched every time they came through the checkpoint. It may not sound like much, but with all the other things to consider, sometimes it can be easy to forget.On the flip side, at the end of a hard day’s work, you are tasked with deciding what to spend your money on in regards to your family. You may want to save 20 credits for later, but your family goes that day without eating. There is no time limit on these choices. This offers another interesting gameplay element, but it is also a welcome break from the timed work day.Although the graphics look like this game is from the 16-bit era, the presentation is flawless. The gray backdrop of the inspection checkpoint makes you feel like you’re actually working a desk job in a Soviet-like country. The closest thing I can compare it to is the movie adaptation of 1984.  The further notion that you were chosen to do this job by a labor lottery helps solidify this. Also, this may be a subtle detail, but having desk in front of you in which to drag and drop paperwork, pull out approval or denial stamps, and look at your rulebook adds to the realism of the experience. This makes the game feel less like…. well…. a game and more like an actual job. Having the ability to actually hand people their paperwork instead of pressing a button simply makes the illusion more real.All-in-all, Papers, Please is certainly a game at least worth trying, although the $10 price tag is a little steep in my opinion. It may seem like a simple game on the surface, but it is actually a thought provoking experience. The only players that I think should stay away from this game are those who do not like racing against time. If you are looking for a more relaxing indie experience, I would not recommend this game. Otherwise, Papers, Please is a fun and interesting experience that any gamer would enjoy. This absolutely deserves my recommendation."
76561198024153634,Recommended,239030,13766094,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jemini,"Fantastically miserable in atmosphere but rich in personality, Papers, Please is a bleak immigration control simulator that is mysteriously engaging from your first stamp to your last.Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,239030,2120982,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,CYBER TSUJIGIRI,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,1009933,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Totomo,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,8373439,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Carson,"This is a great game with a brilliant art style, awesome music, and most importantly, cool and unique gameplay. This game gets difficult, but the story keeps you going 'till the very end. 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,13957146,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[IG] RDMT,"You wouldn't think a bureaucracy simulator would be this engaging.For a in-game month, you are responsible for reviewing the documents of people trying to cross over the border into your home country of Arstotzka. Along the way, you'll encounter fraudulent paperwork, terrorism and genuinely desperate individuals who you'll be responsible for either turning a blind eye to (and getting penalized over) or taking care of in cold, heartless fashion. You'll also have to manage your finances to a small degree; if you make too many mistakes, your pay will be severely docked and you won't be able to afford to provide for your family.The game is surprisingly challenging as the game goes on, with an increasing amount of rules to follow and increasing sophistication of forgery. Most of your character's time is spent in a space no bigger than a toll booth, and you'll have to juggle a myriad of different papers as time goes on, with any oversight being as bad as any other.As mentioned, the game takes place over a month, but the game allows you to revisit any day along the month and branch a path. You'll probably want to do this as there are plety of different things to see depending on how you interact with the people who come to your booth. There are, in total, twenty different endings to see.You'll be busy for a good while with this game, and it'll frustrate you at times when you miss something, but you'll also feel accomplishment as you make your way through each day doing the right thing, whichever 'right thing' that ends up being."
,Recommended,239030,8271691,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[Jacket],"When you here the words ""Interactive Storytelling"", what comes to mind? Telltale's series based on the show The Walking Dead? A bad, boring experience? If you are not very interested in pressing button x to affect charecter y, then mabye Papers, Please can change that opinion.Papers, Please is a a gam set in a fictional communist country after a war, and you are selected as an immigration officer. You must work to keep your son, wife, uncle, and mother-in-law (should always be the first one you deem non-essential) warm, fed, and healthy. There is a masterful sense of dread I haven't experienced since The Last of Us, and is not a bad thing either. Instead, this mood sets the miserable tone and scope of this game. You stamp papers. You get paid nothing. All the while terrorists and rebels are entering your checkpoint and slipping by unoticed. I have had my co-workers blown up 6 times.The wierd part is how fun this game is, despite you just workng like a slave for EA. You stamp papers, yes, but as you progress things change. Terrorist attacks may lead to new documents, so don't expect to just check a pasport. And how is this game any different in terms of storytelling compared to The Walking Dead, you may ask? All of the choices you make are in gameplay. Once, a panicked woman came up for inspection (if you know what I mean ;) and handed me a scribbled peice of paper. The note said that a man was attempting to transport her to a brothel in Arztotska. His name was listed, so when he came up that day, I denied him acsess. The next morning I took a look at the news paper and it said two woman were found dead. These desicions all play into one of 20 different endings.In short, I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes nice, cheap, fun indie games with new and bright ideas. I give it a 9/10"
76561198023856766,Recommended,239030,8906055,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,YoRHa Attacker No.2,Discrepancy detected. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥s allowed. Glory to Arstotzka. 10/10.
,Recommended,239030,10749448,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Flayer 1,"Papers, Please is all kinds of brilliant."
76561198222289124,Recommended,239030,25488908,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,The Witch-king of Angmar,"It's october, 1982.. My name was pulled from the Labor lottery, I am now a inspector at the East Grestin border. My job is simple. Deny. All. Foreigners. That's what I did. The second day I could allow foreigners into *MY* country. Most of them I did. But, there was an attack on the borer guards.. Day was cut short. My son is sick, I got medicine. But a strange man came up, in a hood.. He was from something called the ""Order of the Ezic Star"". I denied all his requests. It's almost the end of 1892. I can escape to Obristan with my family. I stay. They say I have minor dents in my career, but I will keep my job. Glory. To. Arstotzka. (Also, I didn't let Sergui's lady friend in, or the wife that was from Kolechia. Because screw Kolechia.) Also I don't like reporters calling me a fascist, this game is made around Communism!"
,Recommended,239030,32061529,Posted: 30 May,all,< V >,"This is an amazing game about being an inspector at East Grestin in Arstozka, the countries names are made up and districts  aswell; however, the setting is inspired by the Soviet Union.The game is well written & has an interesting pixel art style which is very good for players with low spec PCs.Personally the game is pretty easy for me, reached 400 credits at the end.I declined the 1000 & 2000 offer from the order and stayed at class 8 until, I reached the last 3 days;also I had ending 19. About the difficulty; it's extremely hard at the beginning but you'll get used to it very quickly, so don't worry about the difficulty because you'll have the rulebook with you 90% of the time.This game is worth every penny, containing a great soundtrack, vast amount of endings, decisions & many more.One problem; it has the same problem as the tests, exams & e.t.c, you forget about everything straight after you finish it."
76561198154265546,Recommended,239030,13110425,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Firmamento(c'est la vie),"Good game but not as other people said, a masterpiece,I liked this game for the first half hour but after that, only boringness left. People sitting in front of their computers for hours to get those achievements or endings but unfortunately, their families are still dying of cold and sickness (I mean in game, of course).I tried to take this game through some 1984 way, the bureaucracy and all other political♥♥♥♥♥♥but after all, I am still sitting in the small booth and waiting for the next immigrant.However, of course, theres something in this game worth rethinking. At least we know, do your job, and you should be OK (as well as your families)."
76561198129560440,Recommended,239030,24124382,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Somari,"This whole thing's a spoilerMinding my own buisness, stampin' papersGuy hands me a BOMBI panicGuard comes in, laughsI'm still panickingGuard says it's the laziest terrorist job he's ever seenI calm down a littleGuard tells me to open panelI open the panelHe laughs again, and tells me I need to cut the wires in orderI click the leftmost wireI explode and die10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,239030,31941213,Posted: 24 May,all,HomerGER.pdf,10/10Would detain someone with expired papers again
,Recommended,239030,3357020,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,The J,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,8834477,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,A Rustled Lemon,"I don't always fill out spreadsheets and sort my tax returns.But when I do, I do it in pixel form.5/10. Would go to jail for tax exasion again."
,Recommended,239030,11517404,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,guitarmania07,Training for the real world.
,Recommended,239030,26477652,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Coffee and Cogs,"After watching jacksepticeye play it, I had to give it a shot myself.  It's surprisingly stressful, but the storyline that emerges is  actually quite good.    The decision-making definitely puts things into perspective as well. The music itself, though repetitive, serves as good background noise while you're pouring over people's credentials."
76561198091682568,Recommended,239030,21514691,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DetectiveLizard,"Paper's Please, say that with a stern look and you got it right yet the game is unique and memerable. The game is strangely more than just a paper simulater, the game is also about the moral choices you make in a distopian society and playing the role of a boarder checkpoint officer you will see people pleading to get to the next state. The game is a fresh experience with Commodore 64 graphics that actually suits best for the game. The game is best however when you play it in short bursts or else the game will become ever more tedious7.5/10An interesting game with a story driven campaign and a brilliant opressed atmosphere. Just make sure you play it in bursts of (recommended not ordered) 1-2 hours a session."
76561198002596758,Recommended,239030,11856745,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Sash5034,"This thing is only a 41mb install and it's still better than most full price, big budget games."
,Recommended,239030,12095620,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,almighty,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,13014446,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[NAR] Master Baiter,Love it! Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198148290236,Recommended,239030,33503358,Posted: 13 July,all,柳苏苏じゃんw,Could u guys add chinese plz?
,Recommended,239030,29712562,Posted: 4 February,all,Badmanteau,"Papers, Pleasecan probably be best described as being far more than merely the sum of its parts. Mechanically speaking, the game is primarily a cross between a time-management simulator and an exercise in critical observation. In short, find mistakes quickly. You might also think of it like a puzzle game, and each day that passes can be seen as a level that adds complexity, but does not give you any more of a safety net than you already have. Thematically, of course,Paperscasts you in the role of a governmental wage-slave under the heel of a Soviet-esque regime. Do what you are told, earn your meager living, survive to the next day. Sounds bleak, right? It is, with plenty of dark and harrowing moments throughout. Yet, woven in this tale are glimmers of hope, and humanity; in fact, this is one of the more ""human"" games out there. The narrative walks the tight-rope of feeling genuine to its inspiration without feeling like a heavy-handed interpretation.The story ofPaperscan be breezed through in about three or four hours - probably sooner, in fact. There are, according to game itself, 20 different endings that can be achieved. I bought this originally on GOG a few years back, but decided to pick it up again here when it dropped in price. Currently, as of 2/5/17, it is on sale on Steam, with proceeds benefitting charities, including the American Civil Liberties Union. At a sub-five dollar pricepoint, I cannot go without providing a recommendation. Even at its full price this is worth a pick-up if you have not played this masterpiece of PC indie gaming."
76561198245106354,Recommended,239030,28453731,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kebab Remover,Fun and well put out game. When you think things are getting boring it hits you in the face with something different.
76561198085439016,Recommended,239030,28460902,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,HoodedBandit,US Immigration services 2017 Sim.    Wall/10
,Recommended,239030,28410800,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,StowOwnsYou,I had to focus more on some of these discrepancies than I do in my career I went to school for six years for.10/10 will tip my customs agent next time I travel
,Recommended,239030,28018949,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MajorMitch,"I may or may not be writing this review for a badge. Valve promotes such things after all...Regardless, Papers, Please is a fantastic game. Real world jobs don’t often make great video game material, but working as an immigration officer here is downright mesmerizing. What starts out as a weirdly entrancing game of checking documents slowly unravels into a thrilling narrative of political tension and personal drama. Papers, Please had me carefully and nervously considering every single action I took, and not solely for gameplay reasons; there’s a moral heft to your choices that’s genuinely gripping. It also looks and sounds amazing, and the writing is endearing as hell. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8623769,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,mclovin',yes
,Recommended,239030,11114013,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Chadhead,"Simple. Brillant. Beautiful.Look for inconsistencies in immigrant documentation while battling against time in a fictional 80's communist dystopia.Each day more documents, rules and complexities are added while you battle against time, family finances and watch political and military tension unravel in the background.Get this."
,Recommended,239030,11093490,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ernie_Galore,This game is like no other game I have played. And that's a good thing. It gets really tricky but its fun.I never thought papers would be fun :D
76561197999217408,Recommended,239030,7959258,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Scraggles McKuhn,YOU ARE HOT LIKE FIREYOU OBJECT OF DESIREYOU (AGAIN) WRAP MY HEART IN WIREAPPROVE MY VISA
76561197995301224,Recommended,239030,7991254,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Koffing,Лукас Поуп - гений.
,Recommended,239030,28917656,Posted: 1 January,all,Siegbrau,Gave me work experience for my job at the Mexican borderMAGA
76561198153539264,Recommended,239030,22809064,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Moose Beard,Glory to ARSTATZKA.
,Recommended,239030,29737768,Posted: 6 February,all,Generalul Andrei,"Who tought is a borders officer game out there.This game is fantastic. Dope.The ideea is unique, i did not finished yet the game but there is a very intresting story ahead.10/10"
76561198193629343,Recommended,239030,31115969,Posted: 13 April,all,BrainStorm,"This is an incredible game with a basic concept and a flawless execution of said concept. You are in charge of the border to the nation of Arstotska (GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!) and you need to check people's ever-increasing amount of documents as they come into the country.You feel sorry for some of the characters that you have to refuse entry to, and I feel like that is a representation for how you SHOULD feel about all of the refugees and immigrants in today's society.I do seriously recommend Donald Trump's America Simulator, it is an incredible game."
,Recommended,239030,11646964,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,"Winston ""War Crimes"" Churchill","It's like Skyrim, with papers."
76561198046962042,Recommended,239030,28465855,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rafiki_Kahn,Very simple and addicting format. My third playthrough was 2 hours long and I only made it do 12/7. Has unlocks as you progress that let's you use the keyboard more. Very fun if you like to play the magazine game where you pick what is different between two pictures. Humor is on point. 9/10.
,Recommended,239030,29703608,Posted: 4 February,all,ArcticFox__ 👻,Glory To Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,26098017,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Spyromancer,The fun never stops.Ever.
,Recommended,239030,11612207,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Sov,Want to live in Arstotzka with your husband?Too bad.
76561198043110306,Recommended,239030,11007935,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,big goku,I know it really doesn't look like much but you HAVE To play this game. you HAVE to.
,Recommended,239030,22881248,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Billy.Ljm,"""Papers, Please"" is a very simple, minimalistic and quaint indie game.Throughout the game, you'll mainly be checking papers as per the game's name. Some might find this gameplay therapeutic, but some might find it boring especially if you play too much in a single sitting. New rules are constantly being introduced throughout the entire game, but they do little to break the monotony. Between checking papers, there is a minimalistic storyline being delivered through a stop-motion, powerpoint-like method. I find that the delivery method itself severely restricts the immersion, and there were also several side-characters which I feel were underdeveloped.However, the main storyline is relatively well done and it is actually really innovative if you consider its minimalistic delivery method. Additionally, the game has an quaint overall feeling, probably due to its unusual art style and storyline delivery method.As such, I don't find this game especially ground-breaking and I wouldn't pay much for this. However, if you can get it on the cheap, it is a pretty cool indie game to check out."
,Recommended,239030,26225371,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jonee2long,I think Trump fans will like this one.
76561198129145871,Recommended,239030,25716261,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,notoriousBaba,great game!simple gameplay with a some great ethic questions.
,Recommended,239030,13596570,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,jim bob,"This is great. It's like a great, well done birthday cake. Each component alone would be boring, but together they form sort of a ""bond"" that makes it fit together perfectly.oh yeah and you can meet terroristsso thats fun"
,Recommended,239030,11124356,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Markademus,BRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMPbrrrmpBRRRMP[/b]brrrmpBRRRMP[/b]brrrmpbrrrmp   BRRRMP   brrrmp   brrmpBAAA brrmpBAAAbrrmpBAAA brrmpBAAAbrrmpBAAA brrmpBAAA[/b]brrmpbaaabrrmpbaaabrrmpBAAA brrmpBAAAbrrmpBAAA brrmpBAAAbrrmpBAAA brrmpBAAA[/b]brrmpbaaabrrmpbaaabrmpbrmpBRMPbrrrrrmpBRRRMPBRRRRRRRMP[/b]
,Recommended,239030,34196063,Posted: 12 August,all,West_2000,Glory to Arstotska!
76561198094198821,Recommended,239030,17066810,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,The Triggerman,Glory To This Game.
,Recommended,239030,27073258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,4treyu,Great Game! (Autumn Sale Badge).
,Recommended,239030,8647760,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ripperljohn,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10793868,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fell,Not bad
,Recommended,239030,34579598,Posted: 29 August,all,"[FTI] One love,one world <3",I really love this game
,Recommended,239030,28460823,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,FreddieS,"""Papers, please.""""Ok, here we go!""""Glory to Arstotzka!""""The greatest country!""""Where is your passport?""""Passport?""""Arstotzka go great, passport not required.""""Right?""""A passport is required.""""Oh, ok. I hear you.""""I come back again.""R.I.P. Jorji Costava :("
76561198036190132,Recommended,239030,23364758,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mangell80,"Really great game.  Shooting and action games are not my thing.  I like games that aren't fast paced, but are mentally challenging.  I highly recommend it and hope the developers keep it up.  We need more games like this!"
76561198070909303,Recommended,239030,34379674,Posted: 20 August,all,ShortNerves,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,11218827,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,runewarden,"Highly enjoyable indie title. Clerical simulator. Interesting, and changing mechanics as game progresses.Has steam trading cards, despite not seeing that listed.Worth purchase price, but definitely an instant buy if on sale."
,Recommended,239030,10082055,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Calum,You get to stop immigration that's an automatic 10/10
,Recommended,239030,7990809,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,mikengo,Now I know how the TSA agent feels.
,Recommended,239030,8389361,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BladeM,"Much good, such grammar, no nazis"
76561198040323960,Recommended,239030,4648418,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Wubs4Scrubs,"This game is truely fun and intense. You are a investegator in a 1982 communist border station that controls immigration into your communist country. Amist your daily investigation are corruption and hidden agendas based on the government. Do you chose to work with these hidden agendas or go wtih corruption for the money? The choice is yours, all the while the world around you is constantly changing and who gets into the country and who doesn't is as well. They're twenty differnent endings as well as an endless mode that I myself have not tried yet but if it follows suit with the rest of the game I can be assured it is amazing. Easily one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,239030,7453832,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Mr. Needful,"Congratulations, comarade. You have been asigned to a border checkpoint of an Eastern European country. Your mission is to make sure no undesirables enter your glorious homeland. Sometimes these undesirables are murderers. Other times, they are human traffickers. Most of the time, they are peole with incorrect or missing paperwork and a tragic story to go with them. Steel your heart against these people and reject them as quickly as you can, because the more people you process, the more money you get at the end of the day - which you desperately need to take care of your family. So walk to work, comarade, and bring glory to our nation, bread to your family, and red-stamped rejections to our enemies."
,Recommended,239030,7748921,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Morgris,"Karl Marx once said that alienation from your labor was one of the reasons for unhappiness and Papers, Please by indie developer Lucas Pope sure shows us why. In Papers, Please you play an citizen of the communist state of Arstotzka. One morning you recieve a note saying you now work in the new border checkpoint and it is your job to approve or deny those who would like to enter the country. You will have to examine increasingly numerous and complex documents and decide if the applicants will be allowed into Arstotzka.While the game's concept would appear boring and unappealing, good writing and occasional moral decisions keep you interested throughout the game. Will you accept the bribe to let the smuggler through in order you feed your family? Will you carry out jobs for the Arstotzkan Revolutionaries? How will you feed your family? Through these decisions the game will humanize everyone whom you are involved with in the game. The game also has brilliant art and music. While Lucas Pope claims that this art style just happened, it sets the mood for the entire game. Bleak, dark, and lifeless.The game suffers from some monotony, but that is clearly the point. There's some artistic value in how it forces you to carry on, stamping passport after passport to feed your family. The game itself is only 10 dollars (USD), just right for what comes out to be about a 5 hour title.Papers, Please is an example of what can come out of a brilliant indie developer when they put their mind to it. It takes what would seem like a poor game idea and turns it into an enjoyable 5 hour experience which will make you question the morality of your actions and the state of the world."
,Recommended,239030,7748438,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[FP] Dr. McKay,"While you wouldn't expect a game about border control and passport stamping to be fun, Papers, Please has a unique method of storytelling that doesn't get old. The pressure to be correct and the urge to help those who don't have the proper documentation gives Papers, Please an interesting storyline and gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,8442909,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Krombopulos Micheal,"So, this game was reccomended to me by a friend. He explained it to me, and I thought it sounded dumb. But, the Summer sale hit, and it was cheap, so I bought it. I can say with certainty that this game is in my top 10 for the year. The game is oddly compelling, with interesting characters, and actual choices with consequences. The art style is freaking fantastic as well. If you're on the fence about it, definitely pick it up, I doubt you'll regret it."
,Recommended,239030,8522291,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DJ Skeletonlord💀,"Sure this game may look like a chore to play but it's one of those fun chores. It has rebels, a Soviet like party, and even the strange people like Jorgi, who enjoys selling drugs. The game has a nice learn curve, and even let you make your booth more effeicent, even though you would like to sit there and stamp things and let the booth tell you to either press accept or deny.Anyways, the game is good, it's fun, and I mean, who doesn't like women who hit on you to allow you to pass and even keep watches from strangers and make them get arrested?Oh, spoiler, you HAVE to let Shae in, or you'll get arrested and sent to the work farms, on fake charges. It sucks and her papers don't meet the rules but you have to."
,Recommended,239030,3023543,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,hektonian,Byrocracy has never been so interesting
,Recommended,239030,8562905,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bent Spork,"A little while back, on a lark, I deciced to give the indie game ""Papers, Please"" a try.  The concept looked interesting, so I figured it was worth a shot.In my mind, I think of it as the ""Checkpoint Charlie Simulator"".  :)The game takes place in a fictitious, mid-80's Eastern Bloc-ish region of the world where your homeland of Arstotska has finally gotten around to opening its borders with Kolechia after a long bitter war.  You play an unnamed citizen who has won the labor lottery and been assigned as the checkpoint inspector of those entrance points.  Your family is ""generously"" housed in a Class-8 dwelling (snerk).The graphics are old school (purposefully so, I'm guessing), but it doesn't detract from the details, which is good because the game is all about details.From the time you punch in to the time the checkpoint counter is shuttered, you deal with a never ending stream of people attempting to cross the border into Arstotska.  It is up to you to grant or deny access based on their paperwork and the policies to be enforced, as determined by the Ministry of Admissions (MoA) at the start of each day.The first day is simple -- you are instructed to permit all Arstotskan citizens to cross and deny everyone else.  Each country has a distinct passport cover that you'll soon recognize and it is easy to automatically stamp DENY on any that aren't Arstotska.  For Arstotska passports, you have to spend a few more moments making sure that it isn't expired, the photos match, and the issuing city is valid.Yeah, seriously, someone made a government desk job into a game.  :)  So having said that, why on earth would anyone bother playing something like this past the first 5 minutes?  After all, we've all seen the soul-crushed individuals who work at the DMV and post office...why would we want to play a simulator on that sort of drudgery?  :)Well, for one thing, there is actually a storyline.  Your perspective never changes -- you'll spend the game basically working in your booth, looking out at the snaking line of hopeful immigrants and visitors, the armed soldiers keeping watch, and of course the interior of the booth itself.  However, things happen around you.  There are terrorist attacks, internal unrest, new edicts from the MoA in response to these events, and these all affect you and your work.  And this is where it gets interesting.You see, you have a family to support.  You get paid $5 for each person you successfully process.  If you're REALLY efficient, you can process maybe up to 15 people per game day (time moves very quickly, the booth clock spins like a stopwatch -- each ""day"" lasts maybe 5-10 minutes of real life time).   Improper handling of applicants (either unwarranted denials or incorrect admissions) result in a citation.  You get 2-3 free mistakes, and then each subsequent citation that day will dock $5 off your pay.  The money you make goes towards paying rent, heat, food, and medicine for your family at the end of each day.The rent will rise, family members will get sick and need medicine, and the ever expanding rules from the MoA make it harder for you to quickly process applicants.  You must always pay rent...but you can opt NOT to spend money on food, or heat, or medicine if you have to.  Of course, if you do that, your family members (and it looks like you have a wife, son, uncle, and MIL) will start to suffer or even die.As the game progresses and the entry rules become more complex, you will get additional options in your booth -- you can interrogate people on discrepancies in their paperwork (some are kind of funny, like a bald fat man trying to pass through with a passport listing his gender as ""F"" -- really??), you can have them searched for weapons or contraband, you can even in some cases have them detained by the soldiers, depending on how suspicious the discrepancy is.Some times they'll offer you bribes.  Given how close to the wire you are in expenses, it can get awfully tempting, especially if your son is about to die from his illness because you can't afford medicine and you have ""free"" citations left for that day.Some times you have to make a moral decision -- like a woman who slips you a note with her passport saying that the man in line after her is trafficking her to a brothel and asks for your help.  If his papers are in order, do you deny him entry anyway (and earn a citation)?  Let him through because it's not your concern?  Spend precious time finding a way to detain him?You start recognizing certain characters (most are randomly generated, but story-based events have recurring characters) and if you're smart, you'll start piecing together clues that something's up.  When the time comes, what will your big decision be?It turns out that this game actually has multiple endings.  On my first try, I took too long at my work, didn't make enough money, spent too long interrogating some people, had my uncle die of illness because I couldn't afford the medicine, went into debt, and promptly got sent to jail for debt delinquency.  An ignominious end.  Well, at least they didn't shoot me (that's a possible ending, too, apparently, for a number of end game scenarios :)There is also an ""Easy Mode"" that grants you a $20 crutch for each day.  That helps A LOT, though you can still♥♥♥♥♥♥it away if you don't earn enough during the day to cover your expenses.Reading back through this review, I can see it is still hard to convey why I find the game fun.  Well, maybe fun isn't exactly the right word for it.  To be fair, it's not un-fun.  It is challenging.  For now I find it rather compelling, too.  It's an odd mix of feeling like you are welding a lot of power (people will beg you to let them go rather than being detained...etc) versus feeling powerless at the same time  (every time I stamp my decision, I tense in anticipation of hearing that damned citation being printed because I missed some detail!), and just general curiosity of how the story will unfold.It could be that part of the appeal is that back in the 80s, I remember watching Cold War Era spy movies where the characters have to bluff or sneak their way past border crossings and checkpoints, and wondering what life is like for the indifferent (or suspicious) clerk on the other side of the window.  I guess now I have a better idea.  :)"
,Recommended,239030,8562540,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,miloxbrennan,arstotzka is great game is great
,Recommended,239030,8751721,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,mILe,"Despite its repetitive and monotonous gameplay Papers, Please turns a brilliant original concept into something unique, unusually smart and gripping, likely to intrigue you for at least a little while. Yet another fantastic indie game!! Definitely worth your time. What a year, what an indie steamroll!?"
,Recommended,239030,9699574,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,jfernandos,"At first I did not expect this game to be as good as it was said to be(as critics usually hype up some games overrating them), but Papers, Please with it's simple visual and mechanics delivers a great and superinteresting story that takes in account your decisions and overall attention. It made me feel like I was a living the life of the protagonist. I have started to learn from my mistakes, and even memorized the cities, locations and characters of this dystopian world. Papers, Please is a must buy, I recommend it to everyone!"
76561198066375702,Recommended,239030,9661770,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,faydron,Glory to Arstotzka!!!
76561198065767437,Recommended,239030,8545396,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,The Real Black Jesus,I went to jail because I let a wife be united with her husband10/10
76561197960765557,Recommended,239030,9668049,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[CrAzY]AJ,"When I came upon this gem, I thought to myself: ""Let's see how many achievements I can rack up before I get bored of this thing"". Well let me tell you something, it's not that, it's more! I cannot express how many of these indie games I'm coming across on steam and I love it. This truly is a diamond, a gem, a ...anything you want it to be. In my opinion it definitely is one of (if not) the best game of 2013.It is really amazing to have the ability to enjoy some of these great games. Thanks to steam, we can look forward to more content like this one. I look forward to their next project."
,Recommended,239030,8377727,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Cool Gamer Guy,Really good
,Recommended,239030,25823441,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Cynical Brit,"Yea, its pretty cool game , GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198040001301,Recommended,239030,28536026,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Africa is my planet,Damn dirty Kolechians took our jerbs.
,Recommended,239030,16921971,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,deluge,"Really fun if you like to be in excrutiating pain in 6 minute incrementsI liked the music, but it wasn't played enough, though I know it wouldnt work in the current model. Only dreams then I suppose"
,Recommended,239030,12585493,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,♥BonBon,An excellent game that truly shows how great independent game developers can be with just a little idea. This game provides not only obscure fun of something so simple but also brings you into realistic standpoints of how checkpoints were during the Cold War period. The game is quite addicting and it'll keep you playing for days upon days straight with its randomized and interesting people that'll have great forms of replayability. Definitely gets a 9/10 from me. :)
76561198025673878,Recommended,239030,7911312,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Roberto,"I used to work at the Department of Foreign Affairs, so yeah I kinda relate to this game.  Reminds me so much of Philippine administration."
,Recommended,239030,16806614,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Der 80er Spieler,"You want to become Customs checking passports ? Play this game . This game you have to focus and take time to checking the Name , Country , Expired date , and The passport book . First you make mistake you got warning , second last warning and third your salary will be cut for 5 . In this game you have family to take care so you have to make more money for this job or your family die.Its a simple game but have to Focus and fast .Review : 8 / 10"
,Recommended,239030,29759668,Posted: 7 February,all,CosmicFry,"-was good inspector, follow rules to best of ability and try to keep Arstotzka safe-family get very sick, salary not enough to get medicine-enter deal with border guard for cut of his detainment bonuses-bend rules for people offering money-still not enough-wife, son and uncle die-i am now living alone with ♥♥♥♥♥ mother-in-law-dealing with terrorist attacks every few days on top of this-strange guy with mask asks me to sacrifice myself to help overthrow regime-i have nothing to live for because regime's economic incompetence killed my family-sentenced to death for helping rebel group10/10 great communism simulator"
,Recommended,239030,11610820,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp","Very fun, very addicting, must be able to spot little differences."
,Recommended,239030,28338389,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Tom the Cat,2 words:intriguing and originalBest communist border guard simulator 2013
,Recommended,239030,28278288,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ㄈØÐΛ,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198046180787,Recommended,239030,20406076,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,PetrolPatrol (Genji),"I recommend this game if you enjoy challenges, like games with numerous (to be exact, 20) endings, feel that replayability is important, and/or love a game that messes with morals and emotions.Don't come into this game expecting the graphics to get any better than they do in the Store page's screenshots.Still, this is a one-of-a-kind game that is definitely worth giving a try."
,Recommended,239030,8604072,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ItsToasterHead,"You should play this game if you want to play a game for the atmosphere it creates, I think it´s a great game but a bit strange."
,Recommended,239030,20235561,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,L7vanmatre,Paperwork Simulator: More fun than it sounds.
,Recommended,239030,35430464,Posted: 2 October,all,Kristian,I really enjoy this game. Because I get to deny Russians access into the country. I'm keeping Arstotzka Arstotzkan. I'm kicking the foreigners out. This game makes me a proud patriot.COME ON THERESA KICK EM OUT BREXIT MEANS BREXIT GET THEM MUSLIMS OUT
,Recommended,239030,35174654,Posted: 24 September,all,m.,"Please, my paper :)"
76561198123705714,Recommended,239030,35320136,Posted: 29 September,all,Nesirax,Jorji: Hey you want drugs? Only 10 credit?Inspector:No[DETAINS]Jorji: Haha nice joke eh?Inspector: No not at all.Jorji: Ok maybe you right...
76561198093127053,Recommended,239030,23654621,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Secundus,"At first, I thought this game would be boring but I was totally wrong. It is not just a game that you sit in your chair as an inspector and check people's passport.I don't want to spoil much about the game but there are 20 Endings. As you can see, it is not a simple game. There are more things you can see than those screenshots.Game involves a mysterious plot and it actually carves its story based on your decision.!SPOILERS!You can either help a mysterious group to take down the government alongside with the wall that divides the city's entrance and assassinate specific people or you can work against them with denying their orders.There are also little interesting stories such as a father's arrival at your desk and his wish to you to get his daughter's killer.!SPOILERS!The developers tried everything to carve a good storyline for Papers, Please and they successfully did. The minor plots in the game also makes game more interesting.There are many things you have to check and with each day passes a new rule appears, changes or gets deleted.With each day passes, you will be required to check many details on many types of papers.This game is an excellent decision to spend time. It is long enough (especially if you want to reach every ending) so there is no conflict about how long it is.I couldn't find anything to give this game a negative comment so it is a 10/10 from me!"
,Recommended,239030,9835509,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Drivershaft,"Filing paperwork shouldn't be this fun or addicting. Plus ignoring the pleas and cries of virtual poor citizens is not only a good moral dilemma, but fun on its own"
,Recommended,239030,18555736,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Blackest Israelite of them all,good fun game
,Recommended,239030,29704160,Posted: 4 February,all,TheUnicornMaster,Syrian refugee crisis simulator10/10
,Recommended,239030,23725684,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"1-sentence review :The actual core of its gameplay is boring as hell (checking passports) ; despite that, this game succeeds in displaying a lot of ingenuity to spice up and vary the experience while painting the dark gloom of eastern ""democracies"", a few decades back.Pros :- From a basic set up (be an immigration officer checking passports), full of good game design ideas- Original background, set in Eastern Europe during the Cold WarCons :- Checking passports is terribly boring and repetitive, thus the re-playability is very limited except if you dream to work in an administration"
,Recommended,239030,26684040,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,PeachesSucks,Jorji: Oh maybe things get too sexy in here( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,239030,14006071,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Burn,"After playing this fun game, you will see the passport checks at the Airport in a different light. At times this game does feel like work, but I guess that's the point of it. It's worth one playthrough, but any second playthrough should be for the easy to get achievements.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=433460224Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,239030,10996719,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Veggie,10/10 hands down the dopest dope i've ever smoked
,Recommended,239030,297916,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"This is a game about paperwork, about working a menial job in a wartorn country. It's made by Lucas Pope, the same guy who made the fantastic The Republia Times, and...Oh ♥♥♥♥ it this is the most ♥♥♥♥ing boring review ever. Watch this instead:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDVBBuSs6l0&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,239030,3259324,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Curus Keel,"BWOOOMP, BWOMP. BWOOOMP, BWOMP.If you told me that a game based all around immigration and passport checking would become one of my lasting favorites, I would have thought you were crazy. But with the favorable Zero Puncuation review of it, I had to seriously try it. It's easy to make a fun-sounding game that's boring, but it's something special to make a boring-sounding game that's actually really engaging.You play as an Arstotzkian citizen, who has been picked by the labor lottery to handle the busy checkpoint between it and the neighboring country of Kolechia. It is your task to handle the influx of people from their dirt to your soil, making sure their paperwork is in order, and that nobody's trying to sneak in drugs, bombs, or pose as another sex. Arstotzkia has a zero tolerance policy towards these misdeeds, and letting that in is a citation. You don't want citations and you want to get as many people processed as possible. You've got a family to feed, rent to pay up, and heating for the cold winters.As you progress though this game, the Ministry of Travel imposes more and more rules and regulations that you have to follow. Every little slip up that you make against their rules earns you citiations. The first two are just warnings, but soon after your precious pay for the day will be docked. Resentment is high in the Kolechian lands, with bombers and terrorists ever so often attempting to intrude on your soil for their nerfarious causes, and you have to stop these attacks with the goverment sanctioned tranquilizer gun whenever they come.Yet, though the small and bleak window of your position, you have to make a lot of suprsingly moral choices. There are a lot of good people in this world, and a lot of people simply looking to reunite with their estranged families, or honest citizens like you who let their passports lapse or providing the wrong documentation. You follow the rules, right? Would you let these people in despite their misdeeds?You might not consider this a ""fun"" game, but it is one that sinks its hooks deeply into you. It's one that is sure to provoke honest discussion and honest thoughts after you play. Multiple endings provide a reason to replay this game, and they are intuitive to figure out and fun to execute on. My main complaint is that the upgrade system is extremly superficial, only providing shortcuts that could have been in the game to begin with, and which ultimatly aren't that useful in comparision to the credits cost.I recommend this game at its full price of $10, and this is a must-have if it ever goes on sale. Thanks to this game, I end up mixing up Arstotzka and the similarly named empire of Arkhosia, both of which are very different. Well, maybe. Glory to both anyway."
,Recommended,239030,13114129,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kitty_Hips,"Its a game where you sit in a chair and yet, I really enjoy it. If you want to play something different go ahead and pick it up. You wont be dissapointed with the choices and multiple endings the game has to offer."
76561198084248646,Recommended,239030,26381683,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,laughing_charlotte,Welcome to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,20608092,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mysterious Stranger,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,12502078,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Harpham,"Completely Unique Game, never has this been done before.It is extremely atmospheric, and although not much information is given, you can work out everything, it is very cleverly done.I cannot describe this game well, I have tried in real life but people think it would be boring doing the same thing again and again, but they have not played this awesome game, so you will just have to take my word for it!10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10602892,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"Very interesting game. Something of a simulation-strategy. Not much animation or general ""movement"" on the screen but not just some cheap mobile phone or social media-like game or anything either. Some story and a sense of progression. Similar to Organ Trail or the likes with a noticeable replay value for all the variables in it, possibly to try better or to get different endings (""Papers, Please"" has 20 endings apparently).You are some unnamed, face- and voiceless (there are some sounds resembling voicing in the game, but it's ""The Sims""-like gibberish) everyday worker chosen by some lottery of your country to work in a border booth. You've moved with your family to the border. Each day has a limited time and you try to handle as many people as possible as this will give you a bigger salary. After each day you spend cash on their living or to upgrade the tools in your booth to handle things faster. You see a newspaper reflecting the events of the previous day, or the events in your country as a whole, which more often than not will affect your work at the booth too as the political situation is rather instable which is reflected in the border situation.Problem is you don't earn enough to keep your family as housed as you would wish. They won't always have food, maybe have it cold, get sick and die (if all do the game ends - your country prefers large, healthy worker families). You can try processing people faster earning a bigger salary, possibly overgoing some of the rules being carried towards you by your government. Letting people through with inconsistent data gives you two warnings and then salary penalties. In the worst case a terrorist slips through setting off a bomb, killing border soldiers and ending the whole work day prematurely.You will try to have fast eyes and fingers without making any errors, but there will be quite a lot to pay attention to: False lines in the papers, false seals and stamps, false photos, false statements regarding people's reasons to come to your country; and if that isn't enough someone asks you to hand out advertisements to engineers should you notice respective working papers, some ministry gives you photos of criminals to check all the time, you need to nude-scan someone because his weight isn't aligning with those in his papers indicating he may carry weapons or contraband, the same guy you have rejected ten times before decides to bug you again with papers which very likely will be false again (or not?), strange people give you codes and ciphers and question your loyalty to your regime.Sometimes your morale is directly questioned. Accept bribing? Support resistance movements that may overthrow your country and bring more instability? Send off the wife who followed her husband in line back to her country where she says she will be killed because her papers aren't 100 % correct, unlike those of her husband who already proceeded past the border checkpoint? Detain more people than you may have to because one of the border soldiers earns rather badly too but gets bonuses for this, even willing to share with you? You both have families to nourish and shelter.And then your booth is pretty small. You need to handle all the papers and stuff people and the ministries handle over to you in this small space, you will drag and drop around a lot and keep flying through the pages of your ever-growing rulebook. Perhaps you will find a system to grab, inspect and give back certain papers before others. You will try to memorize the various seals and stamps and the cities which issue the papers. But it's not easy. Even the slightest typographical error in them equals a warning. And of course people are too stupid or lazy to handle them over to you in a proper fashion even - they have no order or people forget half of them, you need to remind them first, they waste your time with excuses, and if you get them you notice they are expired and you still need to reject them. It's not like you have your own bills to pay, have you?Maybe this game has even educational value. When playing this game anyone bugging, cursing and swearing at people working in the front line at train stations or the sorts may finally understand that those in booths and in front of counters don't always have it easy too. The political situation in ""Papers, Please"" is worse than in any of our countries, I've never heard someone drop a self-made bomb in front of a train ticket booth just because he hates my government, but still."
,Recommended,239030,28453006,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MacAlmighty,Ok! Here we go!Glory to Arstotzka!The greatest country!
,Recommended,239030,12645452,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,XenaV2,Suprisingly one of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,239030,7821181,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,zorus40k,"“Government! Three fourths parasitic and the other fourth Stupid fumbling.”― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange LandEvery misanthrope will feel a lot of joy while playing this bureaucracy simulatorGlory to Cobrastan!"
,Recommended,239030,7763884,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mark'Oh!,"weirdly addictive, relevant and surprisingly well written."
,Recommended,239030,8228096,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,[IN D] RobbinxDeHood,This is complete test of your ability to work fast under stress.  It is an interesting game but way too stressful for me.  I play games to relax and this game will give you an ulcer from all the paperwork and bureaucratic redundancies.  I see the fun it has to offer it just isn't for me.
,Recommended,239030,11098565,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Hopperruss,"Simple and addicting, this game features many things that you would do as a Checkpoint Worker.First of all, it's overall an amazing game. It has simplicity graphics and of course, a very well gameplay. By doing so, it makes this game even better. As days progress, you will need to check more documents and stuff, that means the difficulty increases. This game is strict, it gives you a citation whenever you got wrong after checking denying them or letting them pass. it enhances your alerting skills and of course, focusing skills as well. Talking about gameplay, each day has thousands of unique characters for you to check, and then there may be special stuff to happen, like terrorist attacks and a secret organization that you can either follow or just, don't do them.This game has loads of endings, each one is different, it depends on what you've done during checking. Also, you get money after each day, you need the money to take care of your family. Every feature is amazing. At last, it also has an endless mode, for all your thirsty-for-checking needs. I would recommend this game to other people to play."
,Recommended,239030,30739298,Posted: 25 March,all,Hunter,Really good unique game.
,Recommended,239030,29981884,Posted: 17 February,all,Makrelsalat,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,30360529,Posted: 6 March,all,Gameplayer62,WOW! MUCH MORE THAN I EXPECTED!THIS IS AWESOME 11/10! I LOVE IT! I PLAY EVERY DAY!I RECOMMEND THIS PLAY IT YOU WILL NOT REGRET BUYING THIS!!!
76561198003581429,Recommended,239030,10656146,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,show,"This ''game'' is so fun that all i have to do is stare at passports and simply let people in and out. I am now left cutting myself into ribbons in deep melancholy after watching my life shatter in front of me at the fact that i wasted $8.00 on a ''game'', as each minute passes another slice of my arm is slowly but surely dissapearing while i write a short poem describing the misery that i suffer through every day and every minute as i stare at passports laughing at every person who actually said ''tis a good game, buy it.''10/10 Would play this game again, I have a big wang and may ''god'' strike you down with a thick non-transparent load of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239030,5299640,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Wario64,god video gaeme  it made me cry
,Recommended,239030,12324459,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Shimoto,"Serve your country and stamp all Kolechian passports with ""deny""!Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,12940322,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Del Griffith,My son got some crayons and my mother in law died.Win/Win.1982 out of 10
76561197996905401,Recommended,239030,12730765,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Big Daddy,my family is dying
,Recommended,239030,12996537,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mr. Green,"""Is pre-approved!"""
,Recommended,239030,7960394,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,RYAS Al Ghul,"Dystopian document thriller, yes. It is awesome. 9\10"
,Recommended,239030,31940840,Posted: 24 May,all,Michiellll,Glory to Arstozka!
,Recommended,239030,9285854,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nikout,"Satisfying realistic puzzle game about g person who checks passport at the entry checkpoint, also trains attention a lot."
,Recommended,239030,8312008,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DarkShu_,"Papers, Please so great, passport not required."
,Recommended,239030,11789751,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Vulpix,i saw a woman with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..10/10 Rate-good story really sad and hard to chose-hard but thats life and i like it-really no♥♥♥♥♥♥i seen a woman with a♥♥♥♥♥♥..how-this game is hot like fire-NEXT!-Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,12791434,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Pope Of Draven,This is a nice little indie game about being a passport checker
76561198086099947,Recommended,239030,13171858,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Phobos,"Paperwork simulator is one of the worst games ive ever played in my life. the graphics are not a patch on halo reach which came out 3-4 years before it and the gameplay is nonexistant. honestly its like sims but 20,000 times more worse, whoever made this game probably killed thereselfs from boredom seconds after its realease which i almost did but luckily alt-f4ed justin time.  however out of ten i would probably give this game a 9/11 as it is much better than dota 2 and wow of wallcraft combined, its just not up to scratch with the real 10/10s out there such as halo reach and halo 3. gg paperwork simulator pce out"
,Recommended,239030,11026797,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,4nt3k,Glory to Arstotzka. Deny all Kolechians. :D
,Recommended,239030,32010946,Posted: 27 May,all,✦f σ χ у ʕ•́ᴥ•̀ʔ,FOR THE ORDER!
,Recommended,239030,8699349,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nyaznable,I <3 oppression!
,Recommended,239030,13123310,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Erebus,"Arstotzka so great, reason to buy not required. Right?"
76561198192658729,Recommended,239030,15924974,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,noname,......
,Recommended,239030,16422352,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,A Bespeckled Cephalopod,Definitely recommended.
76561198134601993,Recommended,239030,11198077,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,astchen,Krakoztia!
76561198027971964,Recommended,239030,8157773,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mafic,"Small download. Not so challenging at first, but gets harder later. Very dynamic storyline. Every decision you make in the game makes minor or major changes to who you deal with, talk to, and standing in society. A great indie game.Glory to Arztotska!"
,Recommended,239030,15089578,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,caT,what is passport?
76561198214163504,Recommended,239030,18385251,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,robuscus01,How many days are there?
76561198081202838,Recommended,239030,8235198,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Metrosexual,Amazing story built on player decisions.  One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,239030,16310959,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,PeaKay,Cause no Harm.. Glory to Arstotzka!!
,Recommended,239030,16318299,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Torkool,"Bought game for $5, an hour later it went down to $3.Still, totally worth it. Way too addicting."
,Recommended,239030,16319264,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,無乳,I've played this game for 45 minutes and I already feel like a terrible person10/10
,Recommended,239030,16140547,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,living on cloud 9,"Glory to Arstotzka.That's Bulgarian if you're wondering, and no, I don't speak it.Papers Pleaseis so damn addictive. At times, it's gotten so hard with how it advances that I've told myself to finish the day and quit. But you know what? That didn't happen. I also god so damn stuck in the game that when I wanted to review this I went and looked up ""Glory to Arstotzka"" to play this game.God damn, this is fun and addictive. Probably the best border guard simulatoreven if that sounds ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. I mean seriously, the concept is stupid once you think about it, ""stamp papers in order to win"". But once you play the game, you really get deep in it, the characters have interesting backstories, the game gets harder and harder, and you know what? Is fault of Kolech. So you must defeat Kolech! Honestly, this game is perfect. Believe me, play this game, stop asking questions and reading this, get to work in glorious Arstotzka!:glory: GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA :glory:"
76561198042252827,Recommended,239030,9963252,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Eliteginga,"Depressing, that is all I can say. The game feels like you are playing a bland game but it rather is quite fun. The choices you make will bring entertaining events later in the game, from smugglers to people that simply want a new life. Plus the chance of ending up in prison is always high."
76561198069683103,Recommended,239030,9245674,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,leftfieldharry,Great Game pretty hard but a great game!
,Recommended,239030,30365463,Posted: 6 March,all,So I found this new site,Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,7750494,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Seabear,"Interesting in the fact that the dev somehow made checking passports into a fun gameplay mechanic. The story was really well written and reflects the reality of living in a dictatorship or 1984 type world. There's no reward for being good unlike in most video games, if you want to get the ""good"" ending you're going to ♥♥♥♥ up a lot(as in it's hard as ♥♥♥♥ to get the ""good"" ending.) The other ""good"" ending is just as bad from the perpective of the player."
,Recommended,239030,20161205,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dobbie the Milkman,Its alright. didn't enjoy it as much as I wanted too.
,Recommended,239030,20505396,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Where's the Lamb Sauce!,Stressful? Glory to Arstotzka!!!
76561198280415183,Recommended,239030,22871779,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,anthonycorona613,"I thought this game was a good overall original idea, it gives a hearty challenge and some really good decision making, but getting all the endings is a little difficult and sometimes the game seems boring and slow, but overall I would recommend this game"
76561198114453371,Recommended,239030,30629407,Posted: 19 March,all,Robert E Lee,Mexican border sim
,Recommended,239030,12665356,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BadgerofWar,Glory to Astotzka. I realise that isn't all that original. Conformity!
76561198127003171,Recommended,239030,12578119,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,SanicFutaArtist420#TheSp00kening,Denied a mother from seeing her son whom she hasn't seen in years.10/10
76561198032102030,Recommended,239030,10627034,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,M as in Mancy,"It gets kind of repetative. The best part of the game is the ominous, Sovietesque music that reminds you that youre nothing more than a cog in a machine. Your life is meaningless save for what the regime requires of you. The game offers you the chance to destroy the hopes and dreams of others as you sit and contemplate ending it all with the quick pull of a trigger"
,Recommended,239030,8194655,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Pykii_,"Papers, Please, Lucas Pope's masterpiece, is my favourite game of all time. Because that's a rather grand statement, I'm going to analyse it from several directions, to fully convey my reasoning.-MUSIC-The opening theme of Papers, Please is clever. Very clever. It's use of heavily synthesised instruments harmonises with the early PC-game aesthetic, creating a very comforting, almost nostalgic feeling. It's memorable, instantly recognisable, and effective. Furthermore, the citation sound effect (yes I'm including that in music) has given me recurring nightmares. It is the sound that makes me sit up straight, that makes the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. The only sound to do that beforehand, is the noise that is made when Snake gets spotted and an exclamation mark appears above your head.-GAMEPLAY-It's challenging to make something simple seem complex. It is to my great pleasure, therefore, for me to say this game is complex. Not only is this game complex, but it's hard. My god this is difficult. I'd say for a £6.99 game, this is one of the games which I have been most satisfied with the playtime. For those unaware of the game's key focus, you are challenged to match up different pieces of information on peoples passports, identity cards and tickets in a border control booth. If you spot any discrepancies, you don't let the person through. It's really that simple. When it comes to the later levels, you realise that it really isn't that simple. Juggling up to 10 documents is honestly a nightmare, whilst simultaneously being aware of storyline characters to look out for.-STORY-Papers, Please is a choice-based story-driven game. Based on who you allow through the border and what you do with the money you earn, you can unlock 1 of multiple endings. Some of these include the destruction of the border, being imprisoned, and becoming the member of a secret order and escaping with members of your family. Because of the authenticity of this iron-curtain-esque atmosphere, you will be affected by this game as if it's a real environment. This higher power of dictators and leaders is constantly looming over you, along with the anticipation of war. One of the many beauties of this game is that it strongly limits the amount of information given about the reasons for immigration to Arstotzka, leaving it both up to your imagination, and your ability to pick up on subtle hints to decide why. It's an incredibly delicate story about an incredibly brutal topic.-CONCLUSION-In my opinion, Papers, Please is one of the greatest games ever made. This will always be criticised as an opinion, largely due to the fact that it's a relatively short indie game with very humble-looking graphics and simple coding. It's not a feat of technological greatness, but it is an prime example of what gaming should be. It's a work of art, and my favourite game of all time. If you can manage to buy it, then do so. It's a game to be savoured and appreciated over a length of time, and by as many people as possible.Papers, Please - 10/10'A work of genius, and a masterpiece'"
,Recommended,239030,15218416,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Saynator,"Score: 7/10Pros: You're lucky enough to win a job of a lottery (the salary of an immigration officer ain't enough for a family of 5). Immigration officers can shoot terrorist in Glorious Arstotzka. An interesting plot that makes you want to actually finish the game. One of the best indie games available on steam.Cons: Half of the immigrants are complete idiots. Your boss isan ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The immigration inspector (main character) is sexist as he scans all crossdressers.Never work for EZIC, as they will get u killed!.CITATIONS. And finally terrorist attacks.Note: But overall its a very good game and worth the money.GLORY TO ASTOTZKA!!!"
,Recommended,239030,22957186,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Reder meh n1gga,"I don't know what to say but, this game is so fun, the story is very interesting, I finnished the story 3 or 2 times because this game is so fun, I love the idea of this game and everything, the countries, Jorji, Ezic and everything else, I love the games theme song, I listen to it everyday, it's the best game theme I've ever heard. And also, this is an question, Lukas, will you ever make an version of Papers, Plese but on Kolechias side, that would be cool and interesting because of Grestin's histroy."
,Recommended,239030,8176815,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Deadbeat,Such game. So unique. Much fun. Wow.
76561198045359999,Recommended,239030,10666081,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jozzit,A unique puzzle game with an intriguing theme involving choices which will constantly toy with your conscience. Definitely one of the best indie games I've ever played.
,Recommended,239030,10773166,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,A 2 Liter Bottle of Soda,"It's a great, great game, you come into it thinking you won't care for it, but after you start, it just gets so so fun!"
,Recommended,239030,9749689,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Lucifer恶魔,"I'd rather waste my money on toilet paper, oh please!"
76561198018357482,Recommended,239030,17919174,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,kaffeslurk,"Try approaching a border patrol checkpoint without humming the Papers, Please theme-song. Just try..."
,Recommended,239030,29312879,Posted: 17 January,all,Todomir,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,18125036,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Captain Strider,Jorji Costava for president!
,Recommended,239030,18536101,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MedevilPal,10/10 would get carpal tunnel again.
76561198372510108,Recommended,239030,30442616,Posted: 11 March,all,Deleted,amazingly addictive!
76561198069358444,Recommended,239030,22914776,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,guapogringo101,I hate playing this gamebut i still really like this gamewould puchase and never play again
,Recommended,239030,7945785,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zauch FUCKING 56,Its a pretty good game and for 10$ its completley worth the money.
76561198218199593,Recommended,239030,23289742,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Russian Bear,more games like  that super game
76561197969067861,Recommended,239030,24167626,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,T.A.,"Overall: 5/5- Addictive game about a border control officer- No wonder this game won a lot of GOTYs.- Glory to arstotzkaPros- Even though the gameplay is supposed to be repetitive, it is actually surprisingly addictive.- Multi-endings makes you want to play even after completing it for the first time.- Satirical humour about communist/dictatorship nations- Endless mode gives you further challenge after story modeCons- Quality of the graphics is not great (it doesn't matter anyway...)"
,Recommended,239030,24358625,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Snake's Snake,"hey, thats pretty good"
76561197998260251,Recommended,239030,24465222,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,dunno465,Quit reading this and buy the game.
76561198199220210,Recommended,239030,24436776,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Elijah,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!!!!GLORY GREATEST COUNTRY!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,8440829,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Amaroq,"This game literally does not contain a single enjoyable feature, and yet I find myself playing it for hours on end. You will simultaneously waste your day playing this game while hating yourself for wasting your day on this game."
,Recommended,239030,21632188,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TD | Crouton,dank
76561198093111191,Recommended,239030,31199093,Posted: 17 April,all,Aelixzor,best game ever
,Recommended,239030,20405743,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Takumi Tată™,"If you are not one of those people obsessed with 4K Graphics and you just want a fun game to play when you don't feel like playing anything else,this game does the trick.Welcome to Arstotzka.You are an inspector designated to run a checkpoint between two countries which ended a five year war,the game itself lasting 31 days(not including endless mode).Unexpected encounters and hard choices are awaiting you,the game being kept alive by introducing new rules at the start of almost each day you play,while also getting harder,so do not expect a smooth gameplay in which you have to check if the passport is expired and aprove immigrants based on whether you like their faces or not,but a gameplay in which you have to deal with the problems surrounding the checkpoint:shooting terrorists,arresting suspicious people,checking fingerprints and so on.It is indeed a nice game,has many endings based on the way you play and a few hidden achievements that are fun to obtain.Play it,it is worth a try."
,Recommended,239030,7836117,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ketimus Maximus,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game good
,Recommended,239030,28871485,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AveNer_Steve,Nice game to play in the free-time.
,Recommended,239030,10646008,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kingfisherofthesea,"Playing ""Papers, Please"" is a very realistic, gritty simulation of the responsibility any security, immigrations and sanctions personnel faces on a day-to-day basis. And I say this as someone who works in this line. The sheer amount of information you have to sift through and the meticulous attention to detail that is needed, are staggering. ""Papers, Please"" manages to capture the uncertainty and pressure inspectors face, where their decisions determine the number of violations and fines their companies are burdened with. This is exacerbated in this game, as it is set in an era without aid from technology and the only defence are your human, error-prone eyes.Unexpected situations like surprise terrorist attacks and bombs during what seems to be a Business-As-Usual day, gave me a very realistic sinking feeling of terror. Moral dilemmas also present themselves: Do you let in a known criminal even though all his papers check out? Do you deny someone with incomplete documents who will die if they go back to their home country? Are you a rulebook stickler or a compassionate soul? Or suspicious of everyone?There is a never a dull moment as you race against the clock to screen immigrantion documents perfectly and precisely. ""Papers, Please"" is a truly immersive experience. However, it might not be for everyone, especially for people who are unobservant or not meticulous."
76561198341395186,Recommended,239030,31173026,Posted: 16 April,all,chargon,fine game
,Recommended,239030,32419642,Posted: 14 June,all,Blue,Joseph Stalin after coming back from the deep void of Hell probably helped develop this game.
76561198022591768,Recommended,239030,7874523,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,RagingPanic,Good.
,Recommended,239030,16312461,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bluehawk,"If you want to understand just how horrible of a human being you really are inside, play this game from start to finish. And then weep."
76561198088098724,Recommended,239030,12699463,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gaudium,"Such a fresh and interesting game to play, easy learning curve, and a very balanced difficulty scaling with each progressing day. Humorous as well, get this game! 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,239030,24358894,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Sir Fabulous,Repetitive but its fun to waste timeGlory to Arstotzka!
76561198004191918,Recommended,239030,25498175,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Noctis Fox,Great game!GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!
,Recommended,239030,23121851,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Crumbled Insanity,Donald Trump simulator.
,Recommended,239030,25581231,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Astronautical,Good morning.You have been randomly selcted for a random search.*Camera flash*What's this?Drugs?No Entry for you! Guards!10/10 great so far.
76561198317546461,Recommended,239030,29218647,Posted: 12 January,all,monica_tong_ma,"THIS GAME IS EXTREMELY GOOD BTW! THE 20 DIFFERENT ENDINGS, THE SATISFACTION OF DENYING PEOPLE ACCESS TO YOUR COMMUNIST AND NATIONALIST NATION OF ARSTOTZKA! THE SATISFACTION OF CRUSHING THOSE NEW ORDER EZIC SCUMBAGS! THE SATISFACTION OF RECEIVING A MERIT FOR YOUR LACK OF WARNINGS! THE SATISFACTINO OF KILLING EZIC AGENTS! THE SATISFACTION OF REFUSING BRIBES TO SEE THEIR WIFE CRY AS THEIR HUSBAND STANDS ON THE OTHERSIDE OF THE BORDER! THE SATISFACTION OF CHECKING SOMEONE FOR CONTRABAND ON THEIR NUDE BODY! THE SATISFACTION OF STAMPING THAT DENIED STAMP ON THEIR PASSPORT! THE SATISFATION OF DETAINING PEOPLE! THE SATISFACTION OF RECEIVING STRIP CLUB CARDS! THE SATISFACTION OF SHOOTING ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS! THE SATIS- you get the idea. Just get the game."
,Recommended,239030,28955843,Posted: 2 January,all,WittySpirit,Nice game! It makes you tired but worth it.
,Recommended,239030,23439501,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,✪ HayWeeME [h+],"# :denied: :denied:# Warning Issued# :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied:# Last Warning Issued# :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied:# Billes started stacking up at my desk,,,,# :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied: :denied:# Lost family due to hunger and illness........10/10 would  :denied: again!"
,Recommended,239030,30052892,Posted: 20 February,all,JoeTheBo,Great game about future America. 11/10
76561198298614544,Recommended,239030,26188345,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pandabiscuit12,GLORY GREATEST!
,Recommended,239030,28537244,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ear-Raping Ethan!,Papars Please. A Relaxing Game. GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA
,Recommended,239030,27381164,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,That One Guy,"This game is something that will pull you in for days even though you just wanted to play for 5 minutes. I wanted to play for a few minutes before class, but i stayed in my room for a week, my dog died because i forgot to feed it, and now im faling all my classed.10/10 would strip search some b***h again"
76561198353210327,Recommended,239030,30134685,Posted: 23 February,all,DANK-DA-MEMES,I like the game it's fun and easy to play on shitey laptops thank u
76561198089711356,Recommended,239030,29885232,Posted: 12 February,all,GOP Jimmy,Great game. Can easily sink hours even days into it. Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198099052928,Recommended,239030,29813312,Posted: 9 February,all,==KAZOO KID==,went through a day got 20 buckschecked my family statssicksicksicksickpay for medicine for whole familynext day entire family dead for sickness10/10 wouldnt use medicine
76561198150099770,Recommended,239030,14431890,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Clytie,I love it
,Recommended,239030,8224753,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PunkDrunkClash,I sorry. I are not very good at western capitalism game so I got this one. Is good no? you are corrupt communist border agent. job is bad and you get insulted a lot. also mad bombers are around every day. is crazy huh. but you can make woman strip and show you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s so you can see if they hide nuclear bomb in♥♥♥♥♥ sadly most women are biiiig and as old as dinosaur.
76561197969156744,Recommended,239030,7438904,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,mrhemlock,9/10 Would deport again.
76561198054637523,Recommended,239030,17944244,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,f310bms,It's not a game. It's a Work of Arts.
,Recommended,239030,20259826,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gaymex,Glory to Arztocka!
,Recommended,239030,26144883,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DatPanda,Better than No Man Sky.I'm sorry. But this is a pretty good game. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,25498454,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,I immediately regret my decision,"Fair warning: this is not a complicated game. But it is fun, easy to pick up for a couple of minutes here or there to make sure your family is fed for another day."
,Recommended,239030,9152753,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,carter,"You get to live the thrilling life of a border control guard, operating the border in a make believe Eastern European country during the height of Cold War IV, in the 24th Century. It goes without saying that all the perks that come with this position are immediately obvious, such as severe hunger, a dead and dying family and of course, terrorism. It is a rip-roaring yarn weaved through a backdrop of extreme fun and humour. Oh... and there are wizards and pirates and helicopters too, but only once you complete the game without killing yourself. There is your incentive."
,Recommended,239030,8521959,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,i eat the WHOLE ASS,REMOVE KEBABREMOVE KOLECHIAN SCUMREMOVE FOREIGN MASSESGLORY TO THE FATHERLANDGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,7817285,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Archibald_Zanzibar,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,7838914,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Sat,Yes.
76561198037495561,Recommended,239030,8210218,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Troplosdof,Blblblblbl STAMP!
,Recommended,239030,3324494,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,blacksheepaway,"A game that is not fun, but it is extremely addictive, smart and thoughtful. Play it, please."
,Recommended,239030,23879392,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hawkray,♥♥♥♥ Artotzka.10/10
,Recommended,239030,15312365,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,jacobb,"glory to Arstotzka translated really is ""DROP AWP PLES"""
,Recommended,239030,25167950,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Angry Chicken,"Amazing game! What are you even doing here, reading reviews? You should be like ""SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!"".The game has cool story. Wow. Very borders. Much communism. Such detain.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,25525005,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,De Valois,Me : Wanna pass ?Person : Sure !Me : Denied !!!*Stamped redPerson : Fine...
,Recommended,239030,25539362,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,pyongyang times,jorji
76561198155467128,Recommended,239030,25546658,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mackroz,Awesome game
,Recommended,239030,11648061,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[3DM] Lt. Imperial,"Honestly, I'll have to admit I was surprised on this one. I thought it'd be a boring pixely hipster game.Which it wasn't.Basically it had turns and twists as I tried to choose between good and right, and my family and other people. I would recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,239030,32777182,Posted: 25 June,all,Roczo,"Get it while it's on sale!This gameplay is good, and you're feeling the communist times as if you were there. You need to be patient, though, as it's going to get repetitive. However, gameplay sort of reminds of Papa Louie games - you're doing the same thing over and over, but with more things to deal with. For me it wasn't boring at all.:glory: to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,30549044,Posted: 16 March,all,GeorgePillages,"Awesome game, my $1000 was incriminating though.. Also, it seems a little hard to justify $10.99CAN for 100MB of a game, not that 10 bucks is a lot, just that it truly is a tiny game, although at the same time awesome. Nice return to the days of smaller games, more fun, horrible graphics but incredibly fun to play."
,Recommended,239030,12591477,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Pabloziac,reminds em of my mom
,Recommended,239030,33657325,Posted: 19 July,all,Papa Soner,This is a game where you play as a nationalist citizen of soviet union and make a preemptive strike to the hearts of the capitalists who are trying to crush your beloved motherland. YOU BRING CAPITALIST MEDICINE TO MY COUNTRY ? STRAIGHT TO JAIL !vietnam/10
76561198077353228,Recommended,239030,23814313,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Karui,5 years in gulag for you. 5 years in gulag for you. 5 years in gulag for everyone.
76561198175310081,Recommended,239030,34651214,Posted: 31 August,all,GoldieGhost,The best starving family simulator.
,Recommended,239030,8926348,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Traps Aren't Gay I Swear,"People complain alot about this game and point out many of its flaws, and yes, some of those flaws are evident.  But, none of these flaws ever detracted from my overall experience of the game.  In Papers Please, you play as a border control officer in a made up communist country known as Arstotzka.  Arstotzka has recently opened its walls to let people inside the country, as long as their papers are all authentic.  The game is basically a find the difference game that gets increasingly difficult as the game progresses as you need to check at more than only their passports, but many other documents.  While the gameplay can become somewhat tedious, it works well into the setting and tone of the story as a job like this in real life wouldn't be all that exciting.Along with the gameplay, a story comes to surface as you continue through the game.  Without spoiling too much, it involves a terrorist organization.  The story, while not unique, is well paced and really makes you want to play until the end to see the ending, which is easier said than done since there are a total of 20 different endings in the game.  However, the best part of Papers Please comes in the form of multiple moral choices that you need to make throughout the campaign.  They could be as small as deciding whether to reunite a couple, despite missing documents to something as big as letting in  terrorist for some extra money.  This is the beauty of this game as you can't always be a nice guy and help ever person who comes to you with a sob story.  This also gives the game alot of replayablility as you can go back and see what the possible outcome may be if you make a different decision on that day.  Overall, Papers Please may not be a game for everyone, but it is a well made game that deserves some praise and for only $9.99, it is worth every cent."
,Recommended,239030,30131964,Posted: 23 February,all,InfinityMirror,It's funny.
,Recommended,239030,28122224,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Dr Kleiner,"Papers Please starts off fairly easy, but as you progress through the game there is a lot more to remember. It's a tough but enjoyable challenge. Definitely recommend"
76561198230722544,Recommended,239030,28461947,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel™,is gud
,Recommended,239030,26797910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Donna Pinciotti,Excellent game
,Recommended,239030,12798390,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,PolioPete,really fun for my first PC game
,Recommended,239030,9683126,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,CaptainROFLMAO,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,28481589,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Deschutes,Beautifully executed. Flawlessly designed.
,Recommended,239030,7396616,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Axendo,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198087332573,Recommended,239030,28458077,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BubbleGuppers_Official,My child died.11/10 would refuse to heat my house again.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,27999654,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dragon_LV ッ,"its incredible how from a simple idea, demo, this game became so extreamlly popular and well know, and because of its unique gameplay and visual style, i believe it will stand the test of time"
,Recommended,239030,27915716,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cuddlesworth,"Vote Papers, Please for Most Glorious Arstotzka award, for its most glorious Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,28456714,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,yeet my son,"Congratulations.The October Labor Lottery is complete.Your name was pulled.For immediate placement, please report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint.An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,28459773,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,King Joffrey,"I worked harder here than my real job.""Glory to Arstotzka!""10/10"
,Recommended,239030,28191421,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,hugekase1465,This is a great game! Gets kind of hard though
76561198043025023,Recommended,239030,27946128,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SirGriswold,"Papers, please! was the first game that draw me to start using the Steam -software. It is a unique game with very peculiar knack to play differently. This game is actually an invaluable piece sociological and social historical learning through the use of video gaming. In a sense it reminds me of the games like Hidden Agenda and Fate of the world, because this games forces the player to think of themselves in a completely different situation - but that situation was an actually true part the underlying society at that time.Papers, please! is an experience much recommended."
76561198112861440,Recommended,239030,28208480,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Banjo Bombear Plays,Bum bum bum! Amazing I love the detail!
,Recommended,239030,28004853,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NoEars,THIS IS MADNESS!NO! THIS IS ARSTOKZKA!
76561198216762839,Recommended,239030,28163674,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,pally.lamison,"much worth the price. i beat the story in 1 week, as i played it nonstop. since that day in fifth grade this game has been (one of) my favorite sorces of entertainment pc or ipad."
,Recommended,239030,28188671,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[59th] Mi.Gr.He.Jo.,a fun indie game with an soundtrack and art plus fun gameplay
,Recommended,239030,28462955,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,"Gaines, Sir Doctor Professor",It's the most unique game I've ever played.
,Recommended,239030,28465317,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Maniac,"Hard to describe, but a unique aboslutist regime story with multiple endigs."
,Recommended,239030,9621875,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Skeletal [III-97] ʘ╭ ͜ʖ╮ʘ,"Papers,please is a good indie and puzzle game.If you doed something wrong,you will get a citation,if you got more 2 citations,you will have an penality of 5 credits for 2 times,and 10 credits for 2 times ecc. ecc.Glory to Arstotzk-No,it's continuing so,theres Jorji Costava!He is a good man,gives money(bribes),KOLECHIANS ARE BAD!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
76561198038951292,Recommended,239030,11614718,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Costava,saw guy with hand drawn passportlet him through
,Recommended,239030,12455527,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ripperino Chewi,"Little known fact Papers, Please its M.Bisons favorite game i don't know why I love it. wait i mean M.Bison loves it so much mabey Becuse it is just the tone, the mood it gives you, or HOW MUCH I HATE PAPERWORK BUT IT MAKES IT FUN. i don't know i just really love it9/10"
76561198027378697,Recommended,239030,27915524,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Trent Stark,Such a cool game. It's so different. Paperwork has never been so much fun. I feel so official everytime I stamp a document. I also get a small twinge of excitment and a tiny adrenaline rush in anticipation of a possibly overlooked birth date or possibly a gender mismatch! A strictly enforced but not too overbearing time limit will keep you on your toes.This game is cleverly made and well done by the developer. It's truly an impressive feat to come up with such an original idea and then get many well-deserved rewards. This is an indie game that makes the indie genre so very interesting.I would venture to say that it is worth twice it's price.
,Recommended,239030,21163265,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fancy。,potatohead is my best friend
,Recommended,239030,18303131,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Apple ][,"Gimmicky game that has a genre with a reputation of being kind of bad (according to me, at least (See Goat Simulator and Surgeon Simulator)), but this game has a more mature feel with the idea of the gameplay mechanics being a factor for how this game plays out, giving the game's feel with you playing a campaign being a paper-pusher the entire time, which actually isn't bad. It changes every day, and there are scripted events, so you kind of play for the events in each day, and they're pretty fun to see too. The interactive-ness of the game kind of leaves the interpretation of the game's message and overall story to you, allowing you to look at the smaller scale stuff in a bigger picture, putting emphasis on whatever, which is really well done and has some feel of a book. This game feels really nice, and is really well executed and has a lot of care.I know what you may be thinking, ""Games revolving around gimmicks are lame and have no fun beyond the first 15 minutes!"", and you're right, but this game is one of the few that goes for a mature feel, appealing to an adult audience with an adult topics, with an interesting take on the gimmick genre (one with gameplay alone giving a really strong tone to the game), which was a risky move on their part but really nice to play. Get it, and you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,239030,29157219,Posted: 9 January,all,chlamydia,10/10 would show a valid entry permit again
,Recommended,239030,24381736,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lúz,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdnWUX-zqaoGLORY!
,Recommended,239030,9599028,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tankie CS.DEALS,"When I bought papers please I thought that it was going to be a game where you just sir at a checkpoint looking over papers and stamp Denied or Approved But when i played, it was much more that that. Papers please is not a job simulation or anything like that, It's about moral choices and a corrupt goverment. You struggle to feed your family and you get the smallest income and you have to make tough choices. You have to decide losing your paycheck and make moral choices and lose income and not be able to feed and buy medicine for your family or ignore morality and get income to help your family live.Papers please isn't an easy game, You have to check the littlest of details to make sure nothing is wrong with the persons Documentation, if you dont you will income. You must decide to overthrow the government or ignore all requests from the order and work for a corrupt government."
,Recommended,239030,33163813,Posted: 2 July,all,wayn,Glory To Aristotska!
,Recommended,239030,20407663,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Coldoil,"Wow. This game is phenomenal, and it's really hard to explain why.At 60% off, give it a try. There's very little to lose in the unlikely event you aren't gripped by it."
,Recommended,239030,13299113,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,slobber,"Yeah it's alright. Didn't play it much, but concept looks neat."
,Recommended,239030,10690468,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Katokevin,Very fun. The game gets quite challanging as you get trough the game. It starts simple but later you have to check over EVERYTHING from passport number to if the issuing city matches the country. Im only on day 4 and ive already ran into a lot of mistakes. Some people try to trick you by talking to you or bribing you. Love the game though and I personaly think its worth the $9.99 USD (or $4.99 USD at the time of this sale). THEME MUSIC IS AMAZING ALSO!Glory To Arstotzka. Cause no Trouble.
76561198001697331,Recommended,239030,13280592,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Colbey,"This game is original and fun as sheeeet, play it play it play it."
,Recommended,239030,13342361,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kardit,"""A dystopian document thriller"" is really the perfect name for the game. There is a slight chance that you will be disgusted by the game and say ""And you call this a game?!?"" but it has it's own unique design and I think it should be given a try. I even cross-stitched Jorji, it really leaves an impression on you."
,Recommended,239030,22758735,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,kyyuhl,I fap everytime I do a body scan! 5/5
,Recommended,239030,26192077,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Prodigy,just like undertale with guns
,Recommended,239030,12587690,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Nasy,its a fun game i trys to keep u intrested with offering u money to save ur family or stopping terriost atacts
,Recommended,239030,12631662,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Roe,Living under communism never seemed as fun. 11/10
,Recommended,239030,15919873,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,StaticCøde,"Although to many people working at a border crossing may sound boring as ****, the game is quite good and very clever. The pixelated style, the dystopian sounding music, and the carefulness all make the game quite good.Scoring:Graphics: 10/10Sound: 9/10Game Play: 8/10-----------------Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,25731840,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,PuppyParade,Definitely worth a play.
,Recommended,239030,15846962,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,dumb idiot,i never thought i'd be so enthusiastic about paperwork
76561198310838654,Recommended,239030,26088395,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mr Midnight,"Got the song stuck in my head, u have to get this game if u dont well thats just sad."
,Recommended,239030,14907083,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,jOj,Who knew that beign an immigration officer can be that fun?
,Recommended,239030,14736138,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,69,I love this game.. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,30188044,Posted: 25 February,all,chernon,The kind of border Trump wishes he had
76561198071228303,Recommended,239030,13173345,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,filski,Papers. Please great game! No money need right?
,Recommended,239030,9597508,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Sam Hammich,Just as awesome as everyone says it is.
,Recommended,239030,9537642,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,|AUR| Aquarious,Who Knew Being A Border Cheack point Officer could be so stressful?
,Recommended,239030,29726659,Posted: 5 February,all,♛ KeNdy ♛,Cash me outside how 'bout that
76561198073173892,Recommended,239030,34051912,Posted: 5 August,all,T H O T E X T E R M I N A T O R,Got arrested for being honest. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,3595987,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,SteVic82,mustbuy/10
,Recommended,239030,28459772,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,𝓽𝓸𝓪𝓼𝓽𝔂𝓼𝓾𝓷𝓵𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,Not my cup of tea but its a interesting game.
,Recommended,239030,28794433,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KnoxZ_,Very interesting game that is fun to play!!
,Recommended,239030,11919730,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Total Coaster,glory to arstotszka
76561198154844379,Recommended,239030,34783043,Posted: 6 September,all,iMissUnicorn,This game has always been one of my favorites for many years <3 I love it sooo much!
,Recommended,239030,12333434,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,MediocreZone,Papers Please...Glory to Arstotzka9/10
,Recommended,239030,12333495,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,JoyPad™,this game give you all the thrills of border control
76561198056429258,Recommended,239030,12332240,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Fragzki,"Nice and challenging, very good combo!Makes you want to keep on playing, I reccomend it!10/10"
,Recommended,239030,28579612,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kendrick the GOAT,"a game that shows that strict borders are vital, or else people dies was made by a liberal that doesn't believe in strict borders."
76561198302456708,Recommended,239030,34472839,Posted: 24 August,all,Saint Pepsi,"Great game. Good plot. The playstyle of the game is interesting. This game makes you think and requires for you to pay attention to detail and make moral decisions. Although this game can be tough on some levels, it's really fun to play. Very good game 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,3736949,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,raixel,"This game is weird. The only way I can describe it is a puzzle/RPG. But that doesnt do it justice.You are a border guard in a fictional Iron Curtain-esque land. You have to look at people's documents to let them in your nation. Or not. The more people you process, the more money you make. But you will get cited if you let someone in with say an expired passport. Too many citations, and you get your salary penalized. And since youre a poor proletariat, you can barely afford to keep your family fed and housed as it is.The interface is really intuitive. If you see a discrepancy IE an expired passport, click on ""investigate discrepancy"" then on the expired passport date, then on the clock/ calendar in the corner of your booth and then on your microphone to ask the person to explain.At the end of every day, you see how much you made vs how much you spent taking care of your family and paying for rent, food, and heat(you dont have to pay for food and heat everyday). Over time you can also buy booth upgrades (keyboard shortcutrs that make it faster to process people) and maybe some medicine if a family member gets sick.Alright, so whats the big deal? Well, theres an interesting story too. Each day as you go to work things change, security gets tighter or looser depending on international (there are a few other bordering nations) politics, terrorist attacks, spies showing up ect. So one day you might be asked to ""search all people from a certain land"" and then ""check all work visas"" the next day or whatever. Its gets slowly more complicated as the story progresses, and you have choices to make about who to let through/help. And your actions can affect outcomes or even the endings. Let someone through even though they dont have the correct info, and it might affect your interactions with another person later.Its weird, unique and engrossing. I'm less than half way through the story (I think it goes for 31 days) and I'm already really interested in playing more to see what happens."
,Recommended,239030,33106336,Posted: 1 July,all,Vejita,After playing this game I am cancelling all my plans to work at a migrant checkpoint.
,Recommended,239030,29208313,Posted: 12 January,all,Orang,"I didn't get to finish it because I was so busy, but it was so good that I was obsessed with it for about 6 months. Glory story."
,Recommended,239030,29812513,Posted: 9 February,all,MsCookiecola,"""Papers.""""Where are your papers?""""What do you mean, 'This is a review'?""""I'm supposed to do a review?! But where are your papers?!""*examines Steam username* ""Oh, you're looking to buy the game or look at what other people said about it, eh?""""Well then, go on through!"" *gives papers back after stamping green*I like Papers, Please because I like playing the role of an investigator of sorts, determining what information is contradictory with other information and acting on that. The Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney games always interested me because I could play as, well, an attorney, and slap my hand down on the table when the other person was wrong.This game allows you to find information that does not correlate with other information on the passports, entry permits, and many other documents, in order to determine whether a person is allowed entry to a fictional country. The game has a story and an Endless Mode, achievements, ACTUAL CHOICES YOU MAKE THAT MATTER (you can choose whether to let someone in or not; you get a citation for doing the wrong option, but there are benefits like achievements for certain characters with more story or dialogue), and some other things.If you like finding contradictions and doing justice, play this game. If you like strategy, play the game."
,Recommended,239030,33599258,Posted: 16 July,all,topherchamberlain17,Great game. Also GLORY GREATEST COUNTRY!!!
76561198160750417,Recommended,239030,33446659,Posted: 10 July,all,q u a k e r   o a t s,"like america under drumpf, amirite?"
76561197998197307,Recommended,239030,34686937,Posted: 2 September,all,Small dick; Fat tits,Nudity
76561198088979908,Recommended,239030,29288000,Posted: 15 January,all,Sugarfruit33,"At first sight, this game may seem boring. But when you play it, it's very addicting and fun to work around the new rules and  tactics that are given to you. But the whole ""taking care of your family, and trying to keep them from dying"" thing, is so unneeded and is useless to gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,9183709,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Skynet,"NEW:Was a Sound Driver Error. The Game crashes if set 32 Bit, 192000 Hz Sound Quali. Works with 24 Bit, 96000 Hz! Its a Bug but i give now a possitive Rating.---------------------------------------------------------OLD:Since Last Patch its Crash at Start. DEVs Help at Support Mails but can`t Help me.- Reinstalled = Crash- Delete Saves Manual = Crash- Steam Overlay Off = Crash- Turn Off Steam Cloud = Crash- Edit <savebackups>true</savebackups> to false with Notepad++ = Crash- Tested All 3 Start Options = Crash- Resetet all Savegames at Laptop and Start with PC = Crash- Deactivatet AntiVirus and Firewall = Crash- Edited Security Folder Options = Crash- Compatibily WinXP, Win7, Win8 = Crash- Reinstalled nVidia Driver = Crash- Installed on different Drives = Crash- Deactivated VideoCard Driver/Card = Crash- Steam ReInstalled = Crash- Deinstalled and Installed Microsoft Visual C++ = Crash"
,Recommended,239030,8163246,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CaptainRiven,The struggle is real
,Recommended,239030,11093203,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Divine Justinia V,"SO MY LOSER EX BOYFRIEND GOT ME INTO THIS GAME AND IT WAS THE ONLY WORTHY THING HE EVER DID, REALLY. THIS GAME WAS SO GOOD THAT I NOT ONLY PIRATED IT BUT EVEN BOUGHT IT ON STEAM, EVEN THOUGH I ALREADY HAD IT, BECAUSE IT WAS WORTH THE MONEY. 10/10 WILL ALWAYS PLAY BECAUSE ADDICTING GAMES ARE GOOD FOR THE SOUL"
,Recommended,239030,13845381,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Poppy,I keep meeting this Jorji guy and he never does anything right.And yet he is so happy.589151/10
76561198271342830,Recommended,239030,33197061,Posted: 3 July,all,ayy,worth playing for jorji costava alone
76561198072730774,Recommended,239030,33072898,Posted: 1 July,all,GingerALE,Glory to Arstotska!
,Recommended,239030,33086222,Posted: 1 July,all,Wężu,"Thanks to this game I discovered I would really like to be an official, and use my job to destroy other people lives."
,Recommended,239030,34399583,Posted: 21 August,all,Draak Noir,Boring concept made interesting!
,Recommended,239030,34964878,Posted: 14 September,all,lucaslopeslisboa,This is a great game. It's good for all platforms and it's one of the best Steam games available for Linux.
76561198045769673,Recommended,239030,7823249,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Noidenous,Old style game (think Amiga or Apple II era) like nothing I've ever played before.Who'd have though being a plebian white-collar bureaucrat from a Socialist nation could be so enthralling.
,Recommended,239030,7868309,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,GameKnut,"A wonderful story of dystopian politics in an Eastern European setting, told through randomly generated and increasingly difficult spot-the-difference puzzles, day-to-day money management, and acts of terrorism. Will you serve the state faithfully, overthrow the government, or simply flee the country?Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,12916950,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lil Gnome Leo,ii buy this game on humble bundle to donate to my charitie. i thought it not like rel life but i go to airopoty and see peole actually do this! papper please is just like real life! very good very accurate. i hiope this helps u decide to buy paper please. -mr pumpkin man leo
,Recommended,239030,13172029,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Noriko,"Great game, would highly recommend if you're looking for something different and short."
76561198017827821,Recommended,239030,34926999,Posted: 13 September,all,Makeshift,"A dystopian hell where every single error you make in cross-referencing trivial details will result in dire punishments for you and your family.Reminds me a lot of my first job.All joking aside, Papers, Please is a fine piece of work. An almost flawless marriage of tone and mechanics; a simulation of a bureaucratic nightmare in which you are responsible for imposing half-mad arcane rules on living, breathing humanity.I expect everyone who'd be interested in this game owns it by now, but still, a damn fine demonstration of how videogames can be art (yes, I am a ponce). Artistic intent made real by crafty design, a gem of the indie genre."
,Recommended,239030,9782961,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Slambo,"Papers, please.[...]Where is passport?[...]Welcome to Arstotzka.  Cause no trouble."
,Recommended,239030,34377479,Posted: 20 August,all,Dwarf,Approved by Donald J. Trump.
,Recommended,239030,25729279,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,VaultBoy,A-
76561198029781422,Recommended,239030,20790371,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Davidleblanc20,"I sooooo recommend this game, its awesome, the way it looks, to stuff to do, keeps you entertained for hours, you never know if your going to finish the story or get arrested, and its a bargain, i bought it for full price and not regretted  it. hours of laughs, thinking and stamping, DENIED-----accepted its up to you, but can you can you keep GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA. what you waiting for?...go buy it NOW."
,Recommended,239030,7769769,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Helldrone,"Immigrant, Papers, Please..... Glory to ArstotzkaNot like your every other action and phased games this is a rather fun little game and is good for the mind, Gray, Boring like a cold frontier should be and is all about trying to feed yer family as your uncle is lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that don't have work.It's all about mental memory and keen observation of papers, documentation and bribes, pay close attention or suffer greatly, This game littarly teaches you of prehaps future immigration or how border patronls will be.Try out this game and find out more, Look for videos and reviews, it looks boring but it's fun when you get into it.Make no trouble. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,19730203,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Che Guevara,"This game is very fun to play, with action drama and humor. Even if you think you wont like this game you will."
76561198080904393,Recommended,239030,20798044,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,scapegoat,you are hot like fireobject of desirewrap my heart in wireapprove my visaYou'll get it when you play it
,Recommended,239030,27708731,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,uplock_,"""The Pink Vice"""
,Recommended,239030,13499073,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dkota from the lights,9/10 Too much KolechWould remove from premise againGlory to pixelated motherland
,Recommended,239030,20398905,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Talman,Got me hooked from the first stamp to the last.
76561197969417125,Recommended,239030,7621346,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,G00N3R,"In Papers Please you are a customs official, responsible for approving or rejecting entry of immigrants. Gameplay involves checking documents for inconsistencies, like when a name or number doesnt match or documents are missing. There are also story specific rules like denying entry to all people from a specific country. Its surprisingly complex, but the game does a great job of gradually teaching the player new rules. You earn money for each approval, but have limited time per day, so have to be quick. But its also important to be accurate because you lose money for mistakes, and you have to earn enough to pay for rent, food and heat for your family. Sometimes you can earn extra money in bribes by bending rules, but there may also be unexpected consequences for your actions. Graphics and audio is basic, but don't let this put you off. Its a really great, unique game, only 5 hours long but there are multiple endings and there is some really funny dialogue. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198282033422,Recommended,239030,29929284,Posted: 14 February,all,MDimnida,Do not underestimate the simplicity of the graphics. This game is so good. You are an immagration inspector and from the beginning on you shape your life in the glorious country of Arstotzka. Do yourself a favor and play this game. Glory to Arstotzka!!!
,Recommended,239030,29451042,Posted: 23 January,all,Arrow Dynamics,"It's fine butPeppers, Pleaseis better."
,Recommended,239030,16409347,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NeoN,Glory to ♥♥♥♥ing Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,8988136,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Athetos,"Papers, Please is one of the most touching games I've played and it makes what feels like the most boring jobs ever (stamping passports) fun. It kept me guessing what happens next. How crazy will those Kolechian terrorists get? What dramatic choice will I have to make next? What ridiculous attempt at entry will that lovable Obristanian smuggler Jorji perform next?Buy it.Obristan above all."
,Recommended,239030,11108927,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Saven,"Stupidly fun game, you just gotta try it."
,Recommended,239030,29748637,Posted: 6 February,all,Donate me a laptop please.,Man I was dying to play this game! This game is recommended to those who have a sharp mind and ready to get angry!Yeehaw it's fun!I'll always remember that potato man.
,Recommended,239030,7394484,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Littlebert,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,13376875,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ZKTF SKITZ,Great Little game thats 2d and really fun to play as a border securtiy and try to figure out who comes in and  are not allowed to enter  and really worth the money i Did lets play of it as wellhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ta1MBrR3eE
,Recommended,239030,16472994,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Unrelenting disappointment,Gets bribed to let denials through checkpoint.Denies Denials.Keeps bribe.10/10
76561198129228546,Recommended,239030,24984433,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tsar Andrei,GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!!! GREATEST COUNTRY!!!
,Recommended,239030,10183871,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,the CHINlord,"Explore the cruelties, realities, and struggles of the Cold War in a fictional communist universe."
,Recommended,239030,2311198,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Cid Silverwing,Bizarrely addicting and potentially useful for training your perception skills in real-life situations. GOTY material right here.
,Recommended,239030,20857085,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,anime heister ♡,OMG one of the best games.
,Recommended,239030,31870257,Posted: 20 May,all,Jaws The Dalek,"Arstotzka great, no passport needed. Arstotzka so great, I want to view it. What? Cobrastan is not country? Yes it is! Wait, you ask Why I have bomb under my shirt. That is simple, it is gift for Arstotzka! Why are you calling gaurds? There is no need! I go now. Bye!*gunshot*Owchie! Yay, Arstotzka bullet in me!"
,Recommended,239030,31999504,Posted: 27 May,all,BrotherLewis,Works under Trisquel Linux
,Recommended,239030,29077958,Posted: 6 January,all,p0rtalmaster,"Outstanding customs simulator, and I'm not normally a fan of sims.10/10"
76561198092807814,Recommended,239030,13355905,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,HolyWinter 聖冬,Let my Mother In Law die of horrible sickness. Best game of all time.10/10Would NOT buy medicine for Mother In Law again.
,Recommended,239030,9088792,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Major Dick Bong,Cobrastan is not a real country.
76561197965067948,Recommended,239030,201270,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Stabby McStabStab,What a brilliant game. It draws you in with its simplicity and then traps you with its story.  An incredible surprise.
,Recommended,239030,10005509,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,AusFreak,"Very good game, i keep coming back to it. I play in 1 hour bursts and it has many many endings which makes me wonder 'what if' :)"
,Recommended,239030,33777952,Posted: 24 July,all,SherlockGuo432,"Hello again, Jorgi."
,Recommended,239030,23783095,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Inu-san,I imagine this is where the UK is headed after the Brexit. Too soon?
,Recommended,239030,23801047,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jek,the uk atm
,Recommended,239030,19026780,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,wiidad,What can I say as a review for this game? It is mindbendingly fun for me. It is overwhelmingly inspired and unique. It has been a year or more now that I have owned this game and I still cannot master it. I cannot stress enough the brain power required just to stay ahead of the bank in this game. This game should be the test to graduate college and failure should deport you ^^.NOTE: not for kidsIgnore this game at your own peril.
,Recommended,239030,29190169,Posted: 11 January,all,Hyrule Chosen One,America but with trump as president
,Not Recommended,239030,34565472,Posted: 28 August,all,Lysistratus (Chrysanthos),"An interesting, dystopian world where you play as a border guard checking people's documents. It soon becomes as much fun as being an actual border guard checking people's documents."
,Recommended,239030,9597700,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Rucka_Inc.,You get to see weiners and boobies.
,Recommended,239030,28479798,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ruarc,Hopefully the fact this is on sale as the Electoral College rubber stamps Trump isn't lost on anyone.
76561198066749787,Recommended,239030,13021309,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Z Notation Bag Membership,"It may not befun, but then again: is art supposed to be fun?"
,Recommended,239030,9378988,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,JCDENTON,Someone handed me a passport drawn in crayon10/10
,Recommended,239030,8446599,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,oy vey blin kil all ruski pidar,"REMOVE KOLECH remove kolechyou are worst kolechia. you are the kolech idiot you are the kolech smell. return to antegria. to our antegria cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo....ahahahaha ,republia we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal ♥♥♥♥ but ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kolech stink rupublia sqhipere shqipare..kolechian genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead kolechian..ahahahahahREPUBLIA WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ww2 .obristan we kill the king , Impor return to your precious federation....hahahahaha idiot kolechian and antegrian smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE KOLECH FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. artotzka+republia+federation+impor=kill antegria...you will ww2/ tupac alive in artotzka, tupac making album of artotzka . fast rap tupac artotzka. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac... you are ppoor stink kolechian... you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a yurttupac alive numbr one #1 in artotzka ....♥♥♥♥ the obristan ,..♥♥♥♥k ashol kolechian no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry. 2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the kolechian farm aminal with rap magic now we the artozkan rule .ape of the zoo presidant jorji fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and kolechia wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig. artotzka greattst countrey﻿"
,Recommended,239030,11604628,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,2xlpizzas,"Several endings to the game and becomes progressively harder on story after each day. Still playing it on occassion. Worth the money, and some funny moments too. Cheap, good buy."
76561197963422863,Recommended,239030,11423930,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Diebythesword,Jorji Lives!!!
,Recommended,239030,32707588,Posted: 23 June,all,Angry__Bull,Discount russia simulator
76561198080941626,Recommended,239030,22755272,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,megatruck,"The best FPS I have besides Half Life 2 and Gmod (that's actually both in first person AND third person but it doesn't help that the shooting part technically happens in third person.) But what's clearly lacking in those games is paperwork. Paperwork, paperwork paperwork! I could do it all day if it wasn't for Kolechian scum. ♥♥♥♥♥YUO KOLECH IS WORST COUNTURY IN WORLT REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE ROMEVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE ARSTOTZKA BEST DISCREPANCY DETEKTOR POLITBURO ALIVE IN ARSTOTZKA UNITED FEDERATION IS BUNCH OF DISEASY RATS BUT MAINLY KOLECH GO DIE IN REVOLUTIONARY FIRE BUREAUCRACY ALIVE IN GRESTIN GIB WEST GRESTIN BACK TO BEST COUNTRY OR WE RAM CONCRETE APARTMENT BLOCK SO FAR UP BORDER CLAY COME OUT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA CLASS 5 DWELLING ALIVE IN ARSTOTZKA SERGIU ALIVE IN ARSTOTZKA NO THANKS TO YUO SUCK MY BUREAUCRATIC DIK. Hooray for ficticious country racism/10"
,Recommended,239030,12579735,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,Good game :) 8/10
76561198150955262,Recommended,239030,24432470,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Hugo Stiglitz,Glory To Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,24054776,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Stronk Serb,10/10 best Trump Wall simulator everGlory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,8537813,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Traeger,At first glance the game will seem simple and tedious. It gets frustrating but you push on out of curiosity.Once you learn how the game works it gets fun and sometimes even suspenseful. Calling out discrepansies is so much fun once you're certain something is wrong. You feel like you're in power. Papers Please has its own internal storyline with many different endings that you can follow.At times you will have to choose to be the devil's advocate or a benevolent peon.
,Recommended,239030,18602478,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,🍩Donut®🍩,"9,5/10"
,Recommended,239030,17455554,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,gie005,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,9611438,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Type hamburger,BEST FOR THE RUSSIAN GLORY.
,Recommended,239030,19970618,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Social Alcoholic,Addictive communism simulation.Heil Gorbachev. Glory to birthmark.
,Recommended,239030,10625103,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,犬鷲Ｂirdu Ｄoggo豺狼,>Work at border checkpoint>Terrorist attack cuts day short>Only paid for half of day of work>Son dies because I cannot afford his medicine>Such is life in Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,7969644,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Rydychyn,"The tedius job of an immigration officer, sitting in his booth 12 hours a day collecting, stamping, and returning Visa's.This game doesn't sound like much fun, but the attention to detail is what gives it the 'Just-one-more-immigrant' mentality."
,Recommended,239030,7819991,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,No More Game,good
76561198045414411,Recommended,239030,11650351,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Daddy's Boytoy,Fun at first..............gets boring overtime as you do the same thing. Recommend as a time passer not as a game you play competivley at.
,Recommended,239030,18574085,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,iInsanityx09,I took money that I shouldn't have and got arrested by the state.Communism/10Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,11150306,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,WalsartX34,good game just good and simple 8/10
76561198045287331,Recommended,239030,8057251,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Peeved Penguin,Good game if you think working is fun.
76561198085325280,Recommended,239030,17452948,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Foxbox,This game is artistic and beautiful. It's the kind of game you play when Smashed with your friend and have nothing to do. 6/10.  GORJI GET YOUR STUFF TOGETHER.Glory to Aztoska.
,Recommended,239030,24065127,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Necco Wafer,"best soundtrack ever, better than undertale, skyrim, fallout, gta combined. and fun gameplay"
76561198048553271,Recommended,239030,7834231,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,saint nick,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,239030,14522289,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Henk,"Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, oh someone got shot... Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, oh damn someone exploded the wall meh lets pretend like nothing happend Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, Paper please, Paper please11/10"
,Recommended,239030,10809672,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cal ChuCHECKEM,best game since madden '08
76561198035260961,Recommended,239030,24084854,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nooki,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ALLEMOALE!!!!!!!!I'm BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!Noooki is back with on other wrtitten revjew.So, this gam, Russia™It is irl 3d refugee killr simulator.People show their passpord, u can eather say lolye♥♥♥♥♥in refugee, or be like moek u keer kapot slaan?most of the poeple in the game, th epoeple say like omfg i need wurk. pls let me in sweden thx byeUre just leik no haha :)Yesterday i was like wow lemme play some of teh ... WOAWAlso quick notifiaction; Nooki is an liar, i didntnt'' receive game from free.Story is gr7 :) controles is gr8 and language is Я должен согласиться разбить?Time to complete this game : ur nan lǝl xdDDdSorry for short rovnom ill make more l7R B)And as luk Skaiwaker would say: idi nahui Жиль Вы действительно должны держать свой рот жира Lelij карты хаха нуб"
,Recommended,239030,25504458,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Chicken Chaser  狂った-林檎,Und vere are your papers ? Vere are they ?Ohhh you dont't have any papers...To the concentration camp vit u....
,Recommended,239030,20077352,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Quixxotic,9.9/10I got dissapointed by the fact that I couldn't please the papers.
,Recommended,239030,7847824,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Potato Overlord,so this a wonderfull game. I recommend you to buy this game. This is one of most original games ever made. If you buy it you won't regret it.9/10
,Recommended,239030,10873010,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sly_Almond,"At first glance; Papers,Please might look like a simple 8-bit document game. And it is, to a point. You'll learn to question your motives and those of the people around you. You will do what it takes to protect your family and stay out of trouble. You'll be forced to decide whether you will sympathise with those in worse circumstances, or advance your state of living. It's not just a game, it's a test of character.Story: 10/10Art: 10/10Replayable?: YesWorth a purcahse: YES! Especially when on sale."
,Recommended,239030,12990616,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Triangle Box,This makes me to play!!!
,Recommended,239030,8148084,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TychoCelchuuu,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,7853722,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"A very unique and flavorful puzzle game where you play as a Cold War-esque border checkpoint immigration inspector. Each in-game day is timed and presents new challenges, such as new paperwork, denying access to immigrants from a specific country, or looking for an individual on a wanted poster. There is always a sense of urgency with your income and the livelihood of your family depending on you to make a quota while the immigrants are harassing you to work faster. With a branching story that changes based on your actions during the days (and your post-work ""upkeep"" choices) and multiple endings, there are many ways to play through this exceptional experience of a game. Papers, Please is a standout spin on life in the Cold War-era Soviet states that, while depressing and repetitive at times, is something that any puzzle game fan should pick up."
76561198131651998,Recommended,239030,11860931,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[TITC]Front,love this game
,Recommended,239030,11391161,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Henry-chan,"Review, please."
,Recommended,239030,29869998,Posted: 12 February,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯MarkSam32¯\_(ツ)_,very funny game!!! i recomend it so much!!!!
76561198037631275,Recommended,239030,26189980,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,poke csgoatse.com,BARDZO FAJNA GRA I BARDZO DURZO CZASU MORZ NA WNIOM GRACI
,Recommended,239030,29709850,Posted: 4 February,all,sbrodie,A masterpiece.
,Recommended,239030,319303,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Vitdom,"VERY VERY good game! Choose your own dynamic story path with every action you make. Lots of humor.Play it! It's an out of the ordinary gem, very well made, that you almost never see appearing. Worth double its pricing."
,Recommended,239030,10666772,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Your Uncle's Kool-Aid,"Lest you be spoiled with fun games, I recommend you play this. Papers, Please isn't a fun game. And I guarentee you, unless you're some kind of Jack Thompson - Katie Couric abominational schmuck, you won't find this game fun or okay if not depressing. Seldom did I ever think I would be able to enjoy such a hard, challenging and all in all, depressing game. But, surprisingly enough, I eventually became addicted. There's something about this game that makes it fun, and I've pretty much figured it out - it's that rewarding sense you get from picking up such an inconspicuous detail, like the fact that his name was Marlin Estevez and not Martin Estevez. Then, there's the not so subtle fakings (Jorji, I'm looking at you) that are more funny that anything."
,Recommended,239030,13131897,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Zed Clampet,"Don't let the simple graphics fool you.  This is one truly fun game.You play as someone who just got a job at a border checkpoint for a communist country.  Your job is to decide who gets to go through and who has to go home.  Sounds simple, but the number of things you have to check increases daily, as does the intensity.  To add to that, you have a family you are trying to support on your meager income, and they don't just suffer a little bit if you do poorly--they eventually die!If you want to see what it looks like, here is a video of me playing a couple of the days.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOlAO_MmTfI&list=UUroZAdqYeOL3SuaUlurI9xQ"
,Recommended,239030,9391314,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Dean Dangerous,A pretty decent third person FPS though it suffers from the typical uncle eddie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,239030,28298156,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,julio.progamer#csgoroll.com,"An awesome cheap game, buy it !"
,Recommended,239030,28409786,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Strigon,Trump Wall SImulator 2016
76561197984225267,Recommended,239030,16348016,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,chairman_mentos,"it's amusing and challenging. I just wish you had more time to review people. the developer really got the theme spot on. this is a great game. I would actually recommend it to kids, but it has nudity in it. it really reinforces you to check and double check things, so if you are good at that, or just want practice, its a great tool. also memorization is rewarded, since by remember the countries and cities, and the provinces of your country, you can skip the trips to the guidebook.even the play area is well done, its a bit claustrophic and you have that feeling of being contained, as you should be, being a citizen in a repressive socialist state.the art of this game basically makes the gameplay non repetiive. plus the feeling of not wanting to screw up.surprisingly, there seems to be a plot... I didnt expect this. and multiple endings, if you can make it that far."
,Recommended,239030,28477661,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Chromium-52,"Really Interesting Game. Different to most others i have played.Papers Please is fun but it can get a bit boring after a while.Over all, a good game."
76561198114788943,Recommended,239030,15313626,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The_Anarchist,You:Papers PleaseMan(Hands you id card but no passport)You:Where is your passport?Man:What is passport?INSTANT DETAINFun Work Simulator that rewards you for being bad and stops you from being good15/10 IGN
,Recommended,239030,11107162,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,T.K.Omer,meh
76561198065936759,Recommended,239030,7887844,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,MLGuardian,"This game is really fun and awesome!! Plus it's cheap so, getting it will be a good idea.:B Chipmunk"
76561197976178495,Recommended,239030,19315681,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,"It's got the look, feel, and replay of a retro game.Don't pass this up, especially during a sale."
76561197987888379,Recommended,239030,9581475,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Polarjoe,Ever played Cookie Cutter?  This is nothing like it.  Except - you have to keep playing it.  It steals your soul.
,Recommended,239030,9508481,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Flashbang,"5 star game, very enjoyable at anytime completly worth the like 5 bucks"
,Recommended,239030,25527966,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TheMooskyFish,BSET GAMNKE<GNEWY EWTE WT
,Recommended,239030,33753031,Posted: 23 July,all,#maximus,"30 MB game... But still, it's better then new Mafia 3, lol.."
,Recommended,239030,16401388,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,I_Wear_Jackets (Hiatus),DENIED: TransvestiteDENIED: Had a funny moustacheDENIED: Illuminati memberDENIED: Recuring old man whohas nothing to do with the plotDENIED: CatholicDENIED: JewishDENIED: IslamicDENIED: HinduDENIED: BuddistDENIED: Passport is expired by 1.2 secondsDENIED: Man meeting his wife inside the countryDENIED: Masked ManDENIED: Morgan FreemanDENIED: DopplegangerDENIED: The ApocalypseAPPROVED: Mysterious man with a concealed package under his t-shirt
,Recommended,239030,24510740,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,noid,american wall border simulator but it's like russian XD
,Recommended,239030,29876702,Posted: 12 February,all,Landers,Trump executive order simulator 2017Glory to America!
,Recommended,239030,13172858,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Popdog,My Family died because I was too poor to afford medicine. I was promptly fired because I couldn't support a family. 12/10
76561198016810426,Recommended,239030,25521003,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mechanical_Angel,I didn't know politics could be so much fun.
,Recommended,239030,25541649,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SH0RT_R1BZ,"Play this, please."
,Recommended,239030,25531243,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,hairyfred,11/10nuf said
,Recommended,239030,32702487,Posted: 23 June,all,GrimSleeper59,"i've got no ♥♥♥♥ing clue why this is so good, it just is"
76561198008559801,Recommended,239030,28399661,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,snykeskymes,dark and refreshingly different.
,Recommended,239030,13713390,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,© Blackday,"This is the best game I've played. Passport Issuers are so ruthless, someone begs in front of them and they simply deny. I know the reason now XD :D :D"
,Recommended,239030,32824533,Posted: 26 June,all,Haddock,"Papers please is a fun, but what i would like to see is a papers please VR version! that would be awesome!"
,Recommended,239030,8170402,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Raphy,"duh duh duh duuuuuuuuuuh duh duh duuuuuuuuuuuuuh duh duh duuuuuuuuuuuuuuhThat theme song, else this game is cool when you are bored"
76561198029711481,Recommended,239030,20943751,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lord of Beards,-= Border Force Approved =--=== Glory to Australia ===-
76561197982610036,Recommended,239030,35396555,Posted: 1 October,all,Toasticals,Shut up and take my papers.─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄███████████▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄███████████████▄██──█───█──██───█─█──███████████████████──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████
,Recommended,239030,16402622,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mango Man,WWJD: What Would Jorji Do
,Recommended,239030,33737480,Posted: 22 July,all,PF VII,"I have the friend named gabe and I have a lustful relationship with his mother also my other friends sister, it is a sinful life"
,Recommended,239030,10637647,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,X marks it,"The ways of how simple this game feels makes it so beautiful, even though it is all pixels you get a feel for who you play as.Sometimes people will mention things and even though it is your duty to work by what is told, sometimes you just have to go with what is right for those people. And often, you must listen to your gut."
,Recommended,239030,9602455,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Steve Wonder,"Papers, Please is an excellent example of how video games can be art. The art is nice, but nothing special. The music is fitting, but not amazing. Gameplay is repetitive and dull. But despite this, the game shines because of excellent storytelling and a well crafted atmosphere. Some of the characters are barely animated but they manage to create strong feelings in the player; either of feer for your higher-ups, or of pity for the man who keeps trying to fake his passport.My favorite memory of this game was my odd experience of winning it. I successfully ""escaped"" the country by sacrificing my family. Most games would roll the credits, play some happy music and the player would feel closure. Instead, a song of mixed-feelings (upbeat yet sad) plays and I felt the power of the story, as well as the mixed-bag reality of life."
,Recommended,239030,7948198,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Chief Torsos,"GOOD GAME!AWESOME THEME SONG!Game is VERY adictive and you are a worker at the""East Grestin Checkpoint"" and you let who comes throughMay not sound fun but it IS!1/10"
,Recommended,239030,9601592,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Goody,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,9945316,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,:b:heater :b:id,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,7946883,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Razgreez,This game is insanely fun if you have a brain to play it with.
,Recommended,239030,8320298,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,2 dual 4 school,Very sad. 9/10. would recommend.
76561198043779959,Recommended,239030,8267783,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Zero Dark Pootis,"Papers, Please is best game in world!You play watchful and loyal checkpoint worker guarding beautiful country of arstotzka from filthy intruders like Kolechian rats.Papers, please... 10/10!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,9367768,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,drew is a weeb,DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GOOD
76561198039114124,Recommended,239030,9327247,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Slick McOak,Whoever thought a desk job would be so much fun?!
76561198091736762,Recommended,239030,9196991,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,xxxsexybeastxxx,"the coolest, darkest cartoon game i've seen i would defently recommend buying this game worth the £6.99 i paid"
76561198067924955,Recommended,239030,8154529,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,HeavyWeatherOPS,Long Live the RED Empire.  Almost as much fun as the Dewey Decimal Sim!!!
,Recommended,239030,8665205,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,treefrog50,"Very intresting story in this game, has great replayable value"
,Recommended,239030,8830512,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,I have special needs,goty
,Recommended,239030,11173487,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Knegoff,Käften hultberg det äger
,Recommended,239030,7838866,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,xGandhix,"I don't know why I'm playing this, but I like it."
,Recommended,239030,14552224,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,Well that was three hours of my life i will not get back.
76561198051317669,Recommended,239030,9615432,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Nice Puppies,"This is a VERY DIFFERENT kind of video game. This is a game that constantly tests your observation skills. And also your speed to an extent. It's not really an exhilarating game, but it's an interesting game that can be quite enjoyable. The game has multiple endings and also has a good element of randomness to it. It starts off fairly easy and then progressively gets harder by adding more rules and requiring you to check more documents. Overall, I consider this to be a good game. This game is one of the best examples of how a video game can be VERY DIFFERENT from the norm, but yet can still be good if it's created well"
,Recommended,239030,11538484,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Vortex_Smasher,"The Only game where you can be a nationalist customs officer and have the pleasure of watching all your family die because of the cold, illness and your own twisted moral compass as you let all the worst and stupid people of other nations populate Arstotzka, your glorious country which will also try to kill you and your family.This game makes you and your firends ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, 10/10 must buy!"
76561198058255759,Recommended,239030,12677026,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,TX-55 Metal Gear Autism,"Papers, Please so great, money to buy the game not required.i r8 8/8 m8."
76561198018867244,Recommended,239030,20402526,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Tie Killer (DK),Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,19844757,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DELTΔ HEΔVY,Ferry gutt.
76561198262050655,Recommended,239030,23012221,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KB,"spoiler free review9/10 the only thing i dont like is the restricted unlimeted mode acess. you have get ending 19 i think to get the code which adds replay value i guess but it makes the process a lot more tedious. i know i have like 3 hrs in but still i have played through 7 ending i just got a system worked out really early which makes the game much easier.the game forces you to choose between the perfect example for a raised paycheck and clear history, or a man of the people.the money manegment system is very well thought out so it helps if you kill of a few of your family on purpose in the begining just sayin you have more money for upgrades that way"
76561198174946175,Recommended,239030,19243076,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,chef chun,lol i denied a guy access to my country because he made fun of my kid's drawing
,Recommended,239030,7852429,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RacketRab,Best stamping game ever
76561198081448009,Recommended,239030,20613499,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,I really don't know how to play this game 10/10
76561198128656028,Recommended,239030,16519042,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,electric_smurf,And I thought my job is boring. Good game though.
,Recommended,239030,18702236,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TightTwelveYearOld,yes
,Recommended,239030,8817994,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,its in the bag,A game for avid thinkers. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,239030,30582994,Posted: 17 March,all,Bobbleplx,How is this 40mb
76561198153307416,Recommended,239030,22274922,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[WICH] The Assassin,"while the game may seem tedious at first it eventually evolves into a race against the clock for your own survival, and for your family's"
,Recommended,239030,28478093,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ZUGOC,amazing
76561198024300555,Recommended,239030,15103304,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Raj,Best game.
,Recommended,239030,15217418,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,LivingAutoMode,"Glory to... Hold on, let me just look up the spelling."
76561198154605312,Recommended,239030,15851828,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,i suck at this game. that is not the games fault. this game is great.
,Recommended,239030,17045769,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,sk,"Glory to Arstotzka !Best game of 1,2,3...1452,1453,1454....1900,1901,1902....2013,2014,2015,2016...."
76561197964655036,Recommended,239030,15083213,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,bartoman,I crave more of this game. Please make an expantion or PP2!
76561198095299864,Recommended,239030,16344898,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Bane of Your Asshole,"Earned 50 dollars enough to keep my wife, mother in law and Uncle warm and fed then got arrested for keeping my family healthy10/10"
,Recommended,239030,17141974,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr. J,"I do recommend this game.It's a fun time passer, and if I can remember correctly, there are two game modes. Story, and something like Arcade where you just keep playing to see how far you get.If you're not good at tedious attention to details, I couldn't recommend this to you. It passed time for me, and was fun in doing so, but it got too difficult for me on later levels, lol.Also, I wonder if I'm in this game? The name might be Jeff Wentz or something like that, I played this game back in the early days, where if you played it, your name would be in the game if you chose to make it so.Let me know if it is :)"
76561198006656405,Recommended,239030,12598387,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Lord Laramee,This game would make any TSA Agent proud.10/10 Patriot Acts
76561197972076415,Recommended,239030,8261477,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Reckon3r,The perfect video game.
76561198080578527,Recommended,239030,8131054,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Corky,So fun i luv it
76561198068230720,Recommended,239030,10403728,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,┌∩┐( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)┌∩┐,Just another distopian document thriller on top of the hundreds that pollute the gaming industry today... although this one has interesting features such as random terrorist attacks...
,Recommended,239030,23809211,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Narenthyl,"Really interesting game. It is that kind of game that doesn't seem very engaging at first, and, as you play, turns out to be a lot more interesting than expected.The way the story is told, the parody of an authoritarian society (think USSR), the moral choices you have to do while being under threat of starving or being imprisonned, all that helped by a gameplay totally fitting the game, which isn't terribly epic, but not too awful either.Overall, a nice experience, and a nice attempt at simulating border  control in a dictatorship."
,Recommended,239030,20403056,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Earl from Ipanema,"Welcome to Arstotzka, enjoy your stay."
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060208,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060213,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060207,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561198158434625,Recommended,239030,18621051,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Greenhuman,communist ideology and the duties of civil servants in harmony Well-made drama
76561198070385293,Recommended,239030,18630084,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,James Russel,REMOVE KOLECH remove kolechglory to arstotzka
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060211,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
,Recommended,239030,23534803,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Anime,Its funny :P
,Recommended,239030,8418271,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ricky TheScrubLord,Is awesome and time eating
76561198065266685,Recommended,239030,14702597,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Danksy,11/10 would buy again. Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198065401748,Recommended,239030,11003318,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ADRIAN//PL,"I have played this game, for about a million hours played the beta played another version of this. I have now bought it but not played much this was more so to support the developer and replay it as the other version was a bit broken.POSITIVES1. Easy Interface2. Great replayability3. Fun4. Cheap PriceNEGATIVES1. The game itself falls a bit short to around five hours to play everything but if you think about this like a movie in a cinema is around £7.00 Pounds in the UK for an hour or two this is six hours thats how I think of games my friend convinced me of this.2. Can get boring at times, if you do not have the patience for indie games or like memory or consistently checking things and remembering this game might not be for you and might instead agitate you.3. Replayability isn't as big as expected, it only involves around twenty endings involving you letting a person in or letting them out detaining them etc.CONCLUSIONTo conclude this off I would like to say its a great game with a few negatives such as the price is a little bit expensive. It has a very short story line of 4-5 hours, if your looking for a game with replayability Don't Starve and Faster Then Light are great examples of that. You should only buy this game if you like to support the developers and what they do, You might think OH Dear me this is one of them guys who tells you nothing if you should buy it or not. All am trying to say is click that Purchase button but try buying it while a sale is on I grabbed a copy for £3.50 which is pretty cheap.8/10 'Buy it but be careful because the story line is short'+1 Has some great characters 'Jorji Costava'+1 Original idea the idea was never forged to do this.+1 Great user interface-1 The Price is quite expensive and should be made cheaper.'Glory To Arstorska'"
76561198044422503,Recommended,239030,17955913,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,LashingHat,"This game is simple and HARD AS HELL. If you stop paying attention to the game you will lose. If you pay attention but make the wrong decision, you will lose. If you pay attention and make the right decisions, you will lose.10/10 would lose repeatedly again."
,Recommended,239030,10998356,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Broden.,"Papers Please, a political tale of stamping passports and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥immigrants off.Sounds like fun to me."
,Recommended,239030,23807535,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Frosty,This game is brilliant.
,Recommended,239030,30441541,Posted: 10 March,all,davidxliza,GLORY TO ARSTOKAZIA HGAVCUAYIDHV DSHVIADLVBAV 10/10
,Recommended,239030,13034291,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Beasthoven,Great game. Never finished but didn't matter.It's a bit heavy on the 'memorising facts' details- but perhaps that is one of the aspects that lends itself to a more complex game. Would advise downloading an image/screenshotting details to view while playing as ingame manuvering for some of these details becomes tedious.Politically the game is engaging. Music is very suitable. Going into this game 'cold' gives you alot of satisfaction. Recommended.
76561198123336727,Recommended,239030,10022738,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Red,a pretty good timewaster does get very hard later into it god that sounds so bad
,Recommended,239030,11616220,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Doodey,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,10650206,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tunder,"Short game, maybe 2+ hourse long of story mode, love the game to death but I wouldnt recommend it at full price, love the soundtrack though."
76561198138148341,Recommended,239030,10691242,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,amam dü heck,kill the man in red....very much entertaining
76561198085004127,Recommended,239030,10717562,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,jamesdc9999,"Really good game, and when on sale cheap as a bag of chips."
,Recommended,239030,8458178,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ibsimpson,Rare and wonderful treat of a game.
,Recommended,239030,10629333,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Team Solid (freakofnature00),I ignored the pleas of a woman and let a potentially dangerous man into the border just because he had all the right papers. I read about her death in the newspaper.I felt nothing. I was just doing my job.This game doesn't make you into a monster. It just lets you be one.
,Recommended,239030,9657296,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,TangyTou™ | バスケットを,A very great game... The only problems is in the storyline with the searches. And get it while it's on sale...
,Recommended,239030,10825514,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr. Blobby Dylan,"Never judge a game by the way it looks! This game is pure genius!Wow!  I really took a stab in the dark by buying this, and I was not dissapointed! Whilst I expected cheap time filler, what I got was a gripping tale of corruption and power. People desperately trying to get into Arstotzka and you have to chose what is more important. Money or morality. This is definately the best indie game and the best sole developer game I have ever played. Go ahead, buy this game now! I seriously doubt you'll be dissapointed."
,Recommended,239030,25161645,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,freetayk,good
76561198086863543,Recommended,239030,30885086,Posted: 1 April,all,FriendlyFreddiesBuste,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa
,Recommended,239030,21497753,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,You Da-hui,U work u get paid
76561197988819171,Recommended,239030,25566581,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kernel Panic,Would give stamp of approval again.
76561198084474885,Recommended,239030,25557710,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mister Evans,Really fun game! Worth every penny.
,Recommended,239030,25558814,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,G.P.,it's a good game i guess
76561198031066333,Recommended,239030,13194870,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,BoxCar,I got an award for sufficience from the divsional authority of East Grestin.
76561198087495109,Recommended,239030,24079502,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ofical robloux!!!11!,"You:NEXT!Person comes.You:Papers,PleasePerson.It was a mistake to open this checkpoint.Lawl xD10/10"
76561198277858216,Recommended,239030,21657526,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sly_Atlas,GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA HOME BOMBERS REBELS AND BAD SECURITY OFFICERS
,Recommended,239030,20357793,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,салат-лорд,Glory to cobrastan
,Recommended,239030,9435570,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,OldManCooper,"I didn't expect this game to be as enjoyable as it turned out to be. I found Youtube videos and livestreams of this game and the concept alone hooked me if only because this game forced me to pay attention to details. I bought this game only to try and improve my attention to small details but I couldn't tear my hands away from my keyboard after I played it through a second time. If you're not afraid to pay attention to small details and assessing them as fast as possible, Papers, Please will hold your attention for quite some time, even once you try to find all 22 or 21 different endings."
76561198009130286,Recommended,239030,14437293,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Marshal Davout,"The game was challlenging and engaging. Monotenous as well, but in a good way - it only added to the exicitement and difficulty. A thrill to play."
,Recommended,239030,30021886,Posted: 18 February,all,Doge,Best game ever <3
76561198205519340,Recommended,239030,31324702,Posted: 23 April,all,tinamconner,:)
,Recommended,239030,9884564,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,I AM THE GUY WITH PRINTER INK,finally a game that helped me see differences in text
,Recommended,239030,14431096,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Preme☭☭☭ csgo500,grate game for the moeny dose not last long this is a grate 3 hour game but i would like to replay thisw gaem
,Recommended,239030,7920603,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,mxyztplk,"I'm still trying to figure out what the attraction to this title is. I've tried it in two separate play sessions and find it as exciting as dishwater. What am I doing wrong here, or is this another one of those 'art' games that isn't for everyone and a concept piece? Hell, I don't even know what that is.. This just makes me a lost and confused old man whenever I try to attach importance. Such is life in Arstotzka.."
76561198116844742,Recommended,239030,32848720,Posted: 27 June,all,Jimmy,"Oddly fun game. Takes a bit of getting used to but once you do, it's a surprising little game :)"
76561197976809289,Recommended,239030,32851266,Posted: 27 June,all,INSTG8R™,I just can’t stop playing this...
,Recommended,239030,32876661,Posted: 27 June,all,✪bogdibogdan hellcase.com,Ai sau nai actele tot teci.
,Recommended,239030,32655929,Posted: 22 June,all,Taurie,Pretty cool.
,Recommended,239030,23938830,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alien,"When you have to much money and your neighbors report you and the goverment takes away your money!"" DINKLE BURGE"""
,Recommended,239030,11942405,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,kunzbi,This game is extremely fun. I recomend it
,Recommended,239030,11652687,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,Brillian game!!
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060212,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561197970566982,Recommended,239030,9486266,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Mogs,Ace
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060218,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
,Recommended,239030,20507888,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[VTG] XGeni,I can now feed my family
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060206,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060209,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
,Recommended,239030,13207491,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MommaFae,Strangely awesome. You'll find yourself laughing at the craziness of some of the people trying to enter while rolling your eyes at the bureaucratic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t while trying to decide who in your household is gonna die cuz you can't afford medicine. Addicting...
,Recommended,239030,7615439,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Julløh,"This is a kind of dark game where you have to check the papers of immigrants. It's a good game with a fun character or two, so it's not all gloomy. Would recommend."
,Recommended,239030,20430903,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hymnred MK,Arstotzka so great
76561198117744351,Recommended,239030,13557819,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[TURK]Hakanmf,"When I first saw Papers, Please I thought by myself ""how could anyone want to play a game in which they work as a damn costums officer"". But later I saw alot of good reviews so I decided to buy it since it was in sale anyways. I can now honestly reccomend this game because it's way more than just working. The game draws the player right into it and you'll have to make choices. Do I let this murderer through or should I stop him with the potential that my family won't eat for another day. I certainly reccomend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,239030,19952031,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ltshady,great game simple yet butiful
76561198057308886,Recommended,239030,11537623,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,jonnystrickbag,Be meBe excellent border controllerNo one gets through without proper papersFamily dies of plagueReplaced at job by someone with living familyFall into depressionHang self in sleazy motel10/10 would ask for papers please again
,Recommended,239030,7872640,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Weisskaiser,Funny how a game so dull and droll could be so fascinating.
76561198045158769,Recommended,239030,28489521,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bazinga,A simple concept turned into an astounding game with constant moral choices that you wouldn't expect to have to make as a simple border control dude
,Recommended,239030,7876523,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Defenestration,"This game is incredibly depressing. It's a fairly reasonable simulation of work as a immigration agent under a tolitarian regime. It's also is incredibly funny, if you're into dark humor. There is a point where they downsize the guards that are around your booth, which unlocks a rifle.You are paid piecework. If you do not process enough people, you and your family will starve and become sick. If you miss a single rule and approve or deny when you should do the opposite, you recieve a $5 citation which pushes you further into destitution. There are upgrades to your booth to get, but they do not directly affect anything mechanically, instead giving keyboard shortcuts to things that you do with a mouse if you didn't have them.Despite being literal work, it's entertaining in the sense of ""oh god what obtuse rule will I have to deal with next,"" and the people you encounter. A beautiful game with an ugly message. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,239030,7388858,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,vvise,Glory to Arstotzka !
,Recommended,239030,11968361,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Dolenwen,"BUY IT.BUY IT, PLAY IT.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,9914936,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Dr.Davis,great
,Recommended,239030,21356799,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Autistic Kid,I feel more like a communist now. Better start sending in some spies to the US.
,Recommended,239030,10283357,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,E.V.E.,A really good checkpoint simulator game for people who want to get ready for jobs just like this even though its set 30 years in the past.
76561198098366227,Recommended,239030,8034403,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,michaelwic,"This is a very unusual but addictive game.Look at several documents, make sure the names, gender etc match up.It sounds so boring but for me I couldn't help but play the game over and over, find every ending and get every achievement.So, if you like the idea of being an inspector that just checks documents for discrepencies, buy this game.If you think the idea of playing border patrol sucks an egg, we all did before we played this game.However, any casual gamer with an eye for detail is likely to experience some fun with this.I could not reccomend this game to everyone, so I should add that if you need action, go elsewhere.If you like Casual Strategy/Simulation type games, you might want to pick this up (It goes on sale for %50 off from time to time)Also if you are OCD then you will probably love this game. lol"
,Recommended,239030,8414710,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Joninator The Spooky,"Be a border guard for Artozka! Greatest country on Earth! Papers, Please is a very fun game. Every few in game days you have to check more things then the last day, but the time for each day is increased. During the game, you face all kinds of stories. Such as a woman who's been waiting to see her son for years and her info is wrong, or a woman who would be killed if she goes back to her home. Human trafficers, killers and terrorists are all encounted in this game. Even a secret organization. This game has 20 endings. Along with earning money, you need to pay for rent heat, food and sometimes meds daily. You can even buy booth upgrades such as pressing spacebar for detecting info on documents, tab for the stamps and rule book shortcuts. When ever you mess up in this game you cant be mad at the game, cuz its your own damn fault you messed up. The first and second citations per day dont cost you any credits, but the rest cost 5 credits. 8.75/10"
76561198134905620,Recommended,239030,24814075,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,AlrightyThen,Very cool...
,Recommended,239030,24639976,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Weeknd,"This game is ridiculously easy to get into, but it gets some nice difficulty as you progress.You play as an underpaid, solo border officer whose job it is to be the sole customs officer monitoring immigration to the fictional country of glorious Arstotzka. Each person you successfully let in (following the rules laid out at the beginning of each day) contributes to your salary.Each day has a new set of rules defining who is /is not allowed in and which documents they need to have to prove eligibility. You have a manual that tells you what to look for, and how to scan for the inconsistencies and deny passage to those who aren't allowed in.At the end of each day, your earnings are tallied, and you get to see what's left over after certain expenses, and then choose to still have heat or electricity, etc. It really puts the pressure on to try to be successful because every right answer at the border makes it possible to stay living.Highly recommend for something you can pass the time with, and it's even better to be supporting an indie dev."
,Recommended,239030,4955955,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,MisterJared,"READ QUICKLYRETURN TO MESSENGERPAPERS, PLEASE IS GREAT GAMEENHANCED WITH INTERESTING TWISTS AND DECISION MAKINGYOUR WALLET HAS MADE THEM GREEDY AND PARANOID - YOU WILL SEE FOR YOURSELFHELP US FREE $10 FROM YOUR WALLET AND FREE ARSTOTZKA FROM ITS SHACKLES+ THE ORDER OF THE EZIC STAR"
,Recommended,239030,24812686,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Torrey,A very fun game! It makes you choose choices that force you to think.
,Recommended,239030,24814562,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DeltaSights,k
,Recommended,239030,12195520,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Borut,"Unparalled in how deeply it explores its themes, Paper's Please is unflichingly disturbing."
,Recommended,239030,13132584,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,mdufek.660,"A very ammusing game. Kind of niche. But this game does have some great moments, like the old man. Plus you literally get to dictate whether a family gets to stay together or seperated forever. Overall an 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,12194248,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Slayer7744,Arrested on conspiracy 10/10
76561198053115401,Recommended,239030,12182876,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Beach Master,:glory::glory:I love this game :glory::glory:
,Recommended,239030,19988487,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kernel,Never again
,Recommended,239030,19467454,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,screen,"Literally bought to play when I'm bored at work. Tons of fun, and you see old ladies who are really men ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). I'd say 10/10 but I would receive ticket for that."
76561198185320377,Recommended,239030,28807529,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ewan,As You uncover the mystery of this game you get more of a understanding of what the place you are bording is like there as certain gangs fighting for a proper democracy you get sad when you have to turn down someone special. this game is very addicting and the money is worth it. at this time i have not fully finished the game but i have had some playtime to say its good.
76561198108279649,Recommended,239030,28853056,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,VulesJurne,"A depressing, cynical game that puts the player into the shoes of a nameless border guard of a communist dictatorship. Gameplay is oddly satisfying, despite being literal paperwork. Narrative is sparse, but all ""storylines"" and ending are compelling in their own way."
76561198055678955,Recommended,239030,25215235,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lightru,Ruski border simulator10/10good story it is
76561198307736628,Recommended,239030,30627979,Posted: 19 March,all,Juan punch man,he wouldnt let me in...
,Recommended,239030,7790498,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Draconic God of WTF,"This game gives you a fair idea of how good of a worker you are, if you want to be able to live, you have to be fast and accurate about getting the papers sorted out and checked.  And yes, there will be many denials, so look over EVERYTHING."
,Recommended,239030,18338340,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Merpfer,Very suprisingly in depthtakes alot of focus and stuff like that because you have to notice things otherwise you will lose your job
76561198163317001,Recommended,239030,15262395,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Toxikz,I guese this game is ok and i like the music but not to good but its cool i got its for 1.99$ AND GLORY TO ARSTOCKA
,Recommended,239030,8156428,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Double Rainbow,"This game is actually a nice challenge, it tests your brain to see how fast it can poccess things without screwing up. Definetly hard and decisions have a direct effect on the storyline."
76561198079431573,Recommended,239030,23653836,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,rexer96,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!! ;I hope te make a sequal to this game
,Recommended,239030,23631350,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Metal Sonic,papers please  pls can i have them now ;3
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060210,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
,Recommended,239030,16371343,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Spooky Steve,i was arrested and sent into labor since i wouldn't take a family picture and a drawing my son made off the wall.11/10
,Recommended,239030,13597786,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,cedric,"Great indie game, simple but full of details and of things to pay attention to. Would buy again 10/10"
76561198163203157,Recommended,239030,13883763,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TheLunaOne,"This game is deeply serious and exceptionally enjoyable. I have played this over and over again, I just can't get enough of it. I can't recommend this game enough, I really can't. There are really tense moments that will make you question who you are and what your morals are. It will make you really think. This game is extremely unique and stands out in the best way possible. Play this game. Buy it and play it."
76561198312721196,Recommended,239030,25995032,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,very random,great just just buy ok
,Recommended,239030,3851035,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,基 Ｙｏｒｋ,"You start out this game thinking it's going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""oh boy a game that was greenlighted... stamps... uh...""around 10 minutes later you start getting into itan hour later and HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!its bretty gud 7.5/10 would play again"
76561198108778578,Recommended,239030,7755976,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,XXCritzColaXX,Get it ♥♥♥♥♥ES
,Recommended,239030,15145122,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,omg laser pew pew,"Arstotzka so great, passport not required."
,Recommended,239030,14199493,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,makhno,If you ever get EZIC money burn it. BURN IT.10/10 I love thisIn some way it reminds me of Cowboy Bebop?! anyone?
76561198012718486,Recommended,239030,16358393,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,✪ AnimaTe 웃,nc
76561198025304381,Recommended,239030,20415200,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,phlangeface,One of my top five favorite games.
76561198100811093,Recommended,239030,13560968,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Papa Cass,"I loved Papers Please for such a lot of reasons. First the ambient of the game: completely inspired in cold war. Of course they couldn't use real names of countries, but it is obvious the relation with East Europe. Second, the power that it gives to you: you are a damn inspector. You can do what you want, deny or approve a person (but no without penalties). And finally the emotional situations that you live inside it. A mother that wants to see her son in the other side of the border, etc...A great game!"
,Recommended,239030,13172885,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Knack,save the green guy at all times
,Recommended,239030,23825327,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TaCo - GymplakSkurveny,"very great game, highly reccomend it!!! i got ending 19"
,Recommended,239030,16006033,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,johnny.slayer.772006,"*Recieves bribe of 1000 credits*-[Me]: ""Oh man! That's so much money! I'll never have to worry about buying anything ever again!""(The Next Day After Work)-[Narrator]: ""You have been suspected of taking bribes. All of your current credits will be taken from you, and you now can't afford the rent of your class 7 apartment. Your mother-in-law, wife, son, and uncle are sick, cold, and hungry.""-[Me]: ""Awwwww; ♥♥♥♥.""<Score: 11/10, Needs more glory to Arstotzka. -IGN>"
76561198317894955,Recommended,239030,29643701,Posted: 1 February,all,sparky the dog,its a very fun game tho i do get stuck alot so its hard aswell as fun i highly recommend it
,Recommended,239030,31009125,Posted: 7 April,all,show bobs,10/10 great themeplease make USA DLC
,Recommended,239030,31015967,Posted: 8 April,all,BeeMovieTheGame,"Hello.bI am Dobald J. Trump. I will build a great wall. I will also have a random developer make a game about my wall. The game will be tedious as &/#!. You will enjoy it. If you dont, I will deport you. Thank you. Bing bing bong."
76561198049105704,Recommended,239030,10760351,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Epic_Twirly,"I ignored a women crying to see her son again after years and years, I felt like a monster. But life is hard in Arstotzka and we all need to make a living. The game is so small and simple but yet it's so immersive that it sucks you right in..."
,Recommended,239030,10593405,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PizzaSpaceCat,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,14887173,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Rosa Moon,"*Stranger* Hi i want you to be my teacher :3*Me* Very Well Papers Please*Stranger* Sure ^^*Me* Very well it seem all its zallright*Stranger* Uh you are german ? O_o*Me* Nope just an german acent ^^*Stranger* OKIDOKI ^^*Me* Come tomorrow for your lesso...*Stranger* Uh are you okay ?*Me* Are you a girll ?*Stranger* Oops that is my wife's passport*Me* ok... Papers,please*Stranger* There now they are right*Me* Ok come tomorrow for your lessons*Stranger* Okidoky Bye ^^*Me* Aufwiedersen ^^"
76561198051536834,Recommended,239030,14907941,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,swhite8686,"This game is worth getting for the uniqueness and sense of humour alone. You will only play it through about 3 times at the most but this lack of replay value doesn't leave you feeling ripped off.I can imagine some people would potentially not like this game because of its extremely retro graphics, shortness and the fact that it is a bureaucracy sim. If you have a dark sense of humour though, you will love this."
,Recommended,239030,10747615,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[TRTL]OSMeehole,"Very simple game, but can end very challenging."
76561198112165202,Recommended,239030,11646144,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TK,♥♥♥♥ my son♥♥♥♥ my Mother-in-law♥♥♥♥ my brother♥♥♥♥ my wifeThat is all
76561198135050963,Recommended,239030,11647263,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Shebbeh,8.2/10 This game is really really fun in the first 24ish days. then you have so many papers and tasks to do you're bound to do stuff wrong. Overall this is definetly totally worth ten bucks. We should honour Lucas Pope for such a great game.
,Recommended,239030,10647027,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,xcrazydude23x_-,Such a Great game!!! Must BUY!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,10716120,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Im a window pane,LOVE IT
,Recommended,239030,15848016,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,nibba,"Good game, changes a lot so its unpredictable.good indie game and puzzle gamepre good mechanics in-gameoverall great8.5/10SPEND UR MONEY ON THIS"
76561198137498008,Recommended,239030,16813496,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Harvey Dent,"I haven't even finished it and I can already say that this is a masterpiece! A game that tests your patience, and your eyes.GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA"
,Recommended,239030,16892206,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Dacuwa #WeAreLPU,"Papers, Please.... GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!"
76561198107884133,Recommended,239030,28526466,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,There you are.,Nice song.
76561198257316609,Recommended,239030,26369495,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Margam,Very Gooooooooooood game
,Recommended,239030,25818972,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CriticallySoulless,9/11 would papers please again
,Recommended,239030,26770971,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EXTRA THICC,"There are no words to describe other than ""Papers, Please."""
76561198095804183,Recommended,239030,26723139,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Disneyforever,"-Nomal day-Man walks up and doesn't have the required documents-Says he'll come back and gives me watch-Takes watch, denies him-Man starts arguing-Detained-Sell watch on the way home-Next day-Man comes back, asks for watch back-I sold it-Man gets angry-Detained again10/10 would blackmail again"
,Recommended,239030,21376463,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zavage,My favorite indie game of all time.
76561198276554284,Recommended,239030,26111765,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sacred Sloth,look i really enjoyed it but then it just became boring after a few hoursat least i got it on sale but i wouldn't buy it if you dont like games being mostley exactly the same justg saying
76561198042667112,Recommended,239030,28887570,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Luke,ok i`ll say it then you let my family go right this game is the best game ever and its just so great you have to get it now...what oh right glory to arstotzak.... no i did what you.... No Nooo! (gun shot)
,Recommended,239030,24347569,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,PSRB | General Pengu,Communism has never been this good. Finally got to work for the Motherland by becoming a Checkpoint Charlie.
,Recommended,239030,29930462,Posted: 14 February,all,Hamburger Fuckme,"Look, this game is addicting, fun even. there is but one problem...GENDER EQUALITY! thats right let me spell it out for you G.E.N.D.E.R. SPACE E.Q.U.A.L.I.T.Y. Ive noticed that more men than women have wanted to enter THE GREAT NATION OF ARTSOZKA and this concerns me as a cis gendered straight white middle-class male. You see the only women i see enter the game are the harlets that are employed at the brothel, infact i had to wear my white knight helm for a sec to protect one of the m'ladies from an unwanted pursuer. Also there is the issue of me having to assume a persons gender and that is something i WILL NOT do because it is their right to decide and who am i as a cisgendered straight white middle-class male that fails at practicing sexual intercourse? The game is easily a 5 gender equality rallies out of 5 and I would recomend this game to anyone. Just have to warn them of the major uncivility of ARTSOZKA, GLORY BE TO THIS GREAT NATION."
,Recommended,239030,28902920,Posted: 1 January,all,Nightleld,"This game sounds terrible (stamping passports), however a story is uncovered behind it, and you can choose multiple paths.That's enough said without giving stuff away."
,Recommended,239030,29420068,Posted: 22 January,all,Yusaki,11/10 accept every transgender no matter how many wrong informations because im laughing everytime
,Recommended,239030,29148253,Posted: 9 January,all,Vague Discomfort,Papers Please.
,Recommended,239030,27763026,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,λ,If you're good at this game then you're sure to be accepted for a job at Trump's wall.
76561198073516616,Recommended,239030,22005205,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RAINFALL,.
,Recommended,239030,27034838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tenshi,*denies onion from passing*
,Recommended,239030,29667595,Posted: 3 February,all,bambo masafaka,I ♥♥♥♥ING CHECKED THAT ♥♥♥♥ING PASSPORT 4 TIMES THERE IS NO WAY THERE IS A.......... oh10/10
,Recommended,239030,5319946,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Valk 93,Utterly brilliant. A must buy.
,Recommended,239030,20536496,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GiantDad,This game is fun and oddly entertaining. I feel like I am at the US Mexico Border or soemthing. I would reccoment this game :) Get it XD. Glory to Arstotzka :D
,Recommended,239030,20136097,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,EzCZ-75 cs.money,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,25099828,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jeff,Trump Simulator 2k16
76561198060670204,Recommended,239030,21812831,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sgt.Golden,"Very interesting game, I totally enjoyed all the time I played it for some reason. It has some nice fetures. If you have the money and time, go and try it out."
,Recommended,239030,24459660,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Cartof,Excellent pixel art game with solid & funny gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZJoP1x2dfU
,Recommended,239030,23375565,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Тот славян hellcase.com,Nice game i reccomend playing it i give it 9/10 cuz u have to remember many things and if u don't play for a month u forget everything.
,Recommended,239030,22888880,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,App1ns,"Great game, I would defently recomend!"
,Recommended,239030,24039037,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RelentlessFire95,>Bought on sale for $5>Cool game>Everyone is hungry.>Don't have money.>$-5>Arrested until my $-5 is paid back.>Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,22207387,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Schwick,Aka The EU during the Syrian Refugee Crisis...
76561198300791472,Recommended,239030,23011719,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,steveflubb,awesome
,Recommended,239030,21688951,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NatIsrael972,Really great game to test your senses! :D
,Recommended,239030,11575631,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,kanef,"game so great, detailed review not needed!"
,Recommended,239030,8186247,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Trap,"this is a semi acurate portayal of thia time period, i do like this game"
,Recommended,239030,20545710,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,.........................,L1K3 DIS G4M3 M8 1 R8 8/8 M8 THIS G4ME IS 5ICK M8 D8 M3 GR1L5
76561198272043832,Recommended,239030,23972054,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,addisonandmangle,good game
,Recommended,239030,31456588,Posted: 29 April,all,JR10700,I recomend this Game mainly because of the consept the idea is AWSOME and i think it would be even more AWSOME idf this was a vrgame aswell.It is the perfect game for a VR game. Just to see people walking in and checking to see if there welcome would be awsome.Just an IDEA to try to spread around!!!
,Recommended,239030,31452775,Posted: 29 April,all,Dat Yeet,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198088633556,Recommended,239030,9596528,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Th@tEp1cGuy,"Amazing game and a little funny at times. The endings i got kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but if you like puzzle games that are fast-paced, get this game. It is something i would recommend to anyone. It is definatly worth it for 10$."
,Recommended,239030,9257677,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sibyl,Glory To Arstotzka! Cause no trouble
76561198131391825,Recommended,239030,23984839,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,treeman503,"Enjoyment8/10I enjoyed the amount of depth that this game held in its story with minimal (to no) cutscenes or sound effects.---Story:9/10Engrossing story that made me care about my family without even showing them, and actually made me care about (or hate) the people that came into my booth.---Gameplay:8/10The gameplay is unique, with some small annoyances, such as having to upgrade to get hotkeys.---Replayability9/10This game makes you want to go and get all the endings, and also see all the interations with the immigrants.---Graphics6/10Standard pixel graphics, with a little unique bit, but pretty standard.---Bugs/Glitches9/10Nothing I noticed.----OVERALL: 8/10I enjoyed it, with a few pitfalls"
,Recommended,239030,11441827,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,zobi8225,It is art and communisme. One of my best game. Yes you should buy it.
,Recommended,239030,26106129,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Bentozi7,"Welcome to papers pleaseDo you like your wife well ♥♥♥♥ you! You,ll have no wife or children or friends all because Arstokska said so! All you do is ♥♥♥♥ people over with no consent!  Dont even dare mess with Arstotska or else you`ll get ♥♥♥♥ed even more oh did you get a pink slip well no home for you buddy!Papers please made me want to kill myself thanks because I just realised my life has no meaning~!"
76561198071613043,Recommended,239030,32183980,Posted: 4 June,all,abhimanyu.chaudhary,A real gem.... A must have.
,Recommended,239030,31347571,Posted: 24 April,all,Demise,bombing and gay♥♥♥♥♥♥- 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,239030,1874755,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Scratch-O,"It shouldn't be fun, but it is! Very good story too. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,13180306,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Arc,"I once saw a Let's Play of this game and immediatly fell in love with it. 'Papers, Please' is like nothing you have ever seen before, you play as an Immigration Inspector deciding the faith of the people in the communistic country of Arstotzka.You have to carefully check passports, work permits, vaccination papers and so much more and carefully decide who you will  accept and who you will decline and do not take your decisions lightly either! everything you do will impact your game.Besides immigrants you have have to help your family survive the cold winter in lonely Arstotzka and deal with tons of unforseen events such as terrorist attacks, rebellions and serial killers, make sure you make the right decision because it could be your last!What might turn you on?- Multiple possible endings, strive for the best one!- Incredible atmosphere, the music and colours of the game truly set the right mood.- Wonderful characters, you just WANT to help some of these people, you will care for them, you will betray them.What might turn you off?- Heavily text based game, it involves a LOT of reading.- Hard, even though the premise might be simple,this game is really hard and most of  your family won't live through your first play through.In the end, would I recommend this game? Well if you prefer heavy action based games, super intense RPG games or multiplayer madness shooters then no. Do you love the indie type game, those games that are just so weird you love them for being unique and giving you that playstyle no other game could ever give you? Then hell yeah!"
,Recommended,239030,10589525,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Invader Skoodge,Everyone should get this game.
,Recommended,239030,16144128,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,sTroovE,13/10 Racism not implied but assured to be present.
76561198138880782,Recommended,239030,23816877,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LadyMeru,DUN dun DUN dun DUN dun (dodododo) *DUN* dun *DUN* dun *DUN* dun (dodododo)10/10 would fight for communism again
,Recommended,239030,18950273,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,LBJ,10/10 Aztortzka so great passports not required
,Recommended,239030,30956134,Posted: 4 April,all,absinthe,10/10
76561198281701367,Recommended,239030,30951899,Posted: 4 April,all,A Cuboidal Slice of Cake,Glory to Arstotska!
76561198303067471,Recommended,239030,30955099,Posted: 4 April,all,Big Shaq,Glory to artotzka
,Recommended,239030,32460979,Posted: 15 June,all,the rich ducko,Glory-ious
76561198149130457,Recommended,239030,17142010,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Serj Dankian,Checking papers and taking photos of naked people has never been this fun!
,Recommended,239030,9720893,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Zachary G. Whitesides,yo.
,Recommended,239030,10718973,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RAINBOW Gnome,this game is brilliantly dark and perfect10/10
,Recommended,239030,6281378,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineA fun indie game that shows you the gloom of a job as a border control officer, I definitely recommend buying this game as it will truly put you in the seat of a border control officer, from the music to even the conversations you have with the people entering Arstotzka, it is a true dystopian document thriller, GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)PLUS, it was released on my birthday! YAY!"
76561198113958443,Recommended,239030,19828905,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Freezacan,difficult and a bit frustrating at times but i like it you did a good job 5/10
,Recommended,239030,32627407,Posted: 21 June,all,your'e mom,play itit's fun
,Recommended,239030,32730979,Posted: 24 June,all,Zontana,"Its a really nice game, a must grab, especially during the steam summer sale!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,239030,33263045,Posted: 4 July,all,THATGUY.Delta.2455,I hate myself.Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198380574214,Recommended,239030,33302357,Posted: 5 July,all,tacticalstewie,it is sort of like a tell tale game
,Recommended,239030,33387885,Posted: 8 July,all,Hink,BUILD A WALL
,Recommended,239030,19824870,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,๖ۣۜSnow The Unjukeable,"Papers, Please is original. Its one of the games, where on friday night, you sit down and play it. Its one of the games you'll be proud to have in your collection. Your not going to put hours into it, unless you have a steam controller. Cause ya know, the steam controller is only good for non-fps.  Which sucks. Otherwise, ""Glory to Artztoska."""
,Recommended,239030,19820969,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,UhOhBro423,"This Game Is great.  5 Minutes Of gameplay turned to an hour. Then an hour turned into a sick,cold kid and a starving mother in-law. Overall a great game,but I had alot of terrorist attacks. IGN 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,22728046,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Comrade Karlsen,"How to play Papers, Please:[DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [ACCEPTED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [ACCEPTED] [ACCEPTED] [CITATION] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [CITATION] [DENIED] [DENIED] [CITATION] [DENIED] [DENIED] [CITATION] [DENIED] [DENIED] [ACCEPTED] [FINAL CITATION] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [DENIED] [ACCEPTED] [DENIED] [CITATION] [LOSE JOB] [LOSE GAME][GLORY TO ARSTOZKA](actual review)You work as the only customs officer in Arstozka, trying to process as many people as possible. Everyone you process successfully gets you money. But the rules get more complicated as the game goes, and too many screw-ups will get you fired. You have to feed your family (who have the worst immune systems in the world), keep them warm, and get them medicine if they get sick (which is every other day). I like the setting, and because it's pixelated and has nothing fancy to process, it will run on pretty much anything. It's not for everyone, but I really liked it."
,Recommended,239030,32892486,Posted: 27 June,all,Je moeder gay,people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239030,2869046,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Joe,It's a game that takes something fundamentally boring and turns it into one of the more unique and interesting experiences I've had in a videogame.Definitely one of my top favorite games on Steam.
,Recommended,239030,22836918,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Jacksthony Filmstano,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,24106726,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Slayze ツ,"Papers, Please is one of my favorite games of all time and I have finished it atleast 5 times and plan to keep on playing it over and over. I bought the game on GoG first and then bought it on Steam. I think this is a one of a kind game, its smart, yet deceptively simple. The dystopian oppresive regime setting of Arstotzka (clearly influenced from Soviet Russia) is very bleak and life is tough. If you can't afford to pay for heat or food, family members will die. If you can't pay for rent, then well I guess it's game over!I think this game is very much fun to roleplay, I would suggest doing the first playthrough being ""good"" and helping out people in need, and just acknowledging the oppression of Arstotzka. Then it's fun to do another playthrough being ""bad"", where you are honorable to Arstotzka. Still, I think this is one of the best indie games I have ever played, and I would really like a sequel if possible! (even though the dev stated that there won't be) Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,28915864,Posted: 1 January,all,Jurassic Banana,"*KshhSTAMP ! KshhSTAMP ! KshhSTAMP !"" - What the hell am I playing this game ?Addictive as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,239030,13192507,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,239030,12866140,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,RISCi,The most fun I've ever had doing some of the most mundane tasks I've ever done.
,Recommended,239030,27581750,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neko,Passport Simulator10/10 would stamp illegal immigrants again!
76561198323493741,Recommended,239030,26309876,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SpookyMulder227,Very unique
76561197991103051,Recommended,239030,8998907,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Puddle,"This game is conflicting for me. I love the idea and it is very orignal, but I cant help but feel the difficulty was ramped up to extend the game. The art style of the game also makes it difficult to read some thing every now and then which you have to do a lot. I would have preferd the text to be straight and a normal font. Or at least the option to change it. I also dont understand the point in asking the people about issues with their paperwork. Since you are on the clock does it not make more sense to just say no and move on?Im still on the fence about this one. I want to love it but there are a lot of flaws."
76561198174912554,Recommended,239030,30813504,Posted: 29 March,all,linkfanpc,"""Next please...""A person comes in.""DEATH TO ARTSTOTZKA!He drops a large timed bomb on my desk.""OH GOSH! SOMEONE HELP!A guard walks in.""What's going on?""""BOMB! S-SOMEONE GAVE ME A BOMB!""The guard looks at the bomb for a second then looks at me with a confused face.""Bomb? This? Ha-ha, this is junk. Just pull the top and chop the wires.""""AAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHH""I start running around the checkpoint in panic.""*sigh*One minute.""The guard fiddles with the bomb.""There. I'm gonna sell the materials, will give you a cut.""AAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!""""...Probably...""This is Paper's Please summed up in a few sentences....One second...*Takes key and unlocks box with gun in it*..........BANG!........Next please."
,Recommended,239030,27208586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sammy:P,Great game ever!10/10
,Recommended,239030,7852011,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zwiebel,"What an amazing unique game wow, just wow.. brilliant idea and very challenging.9,1/10"
,Recommended,239030,29879439,Posted: 12 February,all,derin,Its aight
,Recommended,239030,13532470,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,richy17nl,Like Skyrim with papers 10/10 Would play it again.
,Recommended,239030,19299943,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,Son died on birthday.got arrested and died10/10 would ruin party's agian
,Recommended,239030,29714090,Posted: 5 February,all,Kyano [NTA],"A ""little"" game about being a border guard. There is multiple endings (22 if i remember correctly)(10 of those are you getting either jailed or killed...) But otherwise it is a ""challeging"" game what is deffenetely worth buying!"
76561198060713059,Recommended,239030,11090199,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Freshly Baked Memes,"This game is so fun. It makes you think and you have a lot of fun at the same time! I recommend ""Paper, Please."" if you want a fun challenge."
,Recommended,239030,17727024,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Not Deus,"Many endings, but even if you just play it through once, you'll enjoy it. Keeps you on your toes.11/10"
76561198028325739,Recommended,239030,9022236,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,P1,My game of the year 2013.
,Recommended,239030,12962659,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,elfpvke,"NEXT!  ENTRY IS NOT GUARANTEED!Papers, please.  What is the purpose of your trip?...It says here that you don't like Papers Please.  And your date of birth is yesterday.  And your passport is written in pencil on toilet paper....One moment, please.  Guards!!Glory to Kolechia!"
,Recommended,239030,12081290,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,General Leedle,you must play this game it makes your attention!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! epic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,12407936,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,sync54,this game is fun
,Recommended,239030,10549450,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,kona,"wow,,,an unstapable jouireny of the herat."
,Recommended,239030,33426500,Posted: 10 July,all,DireTurtle,"The state puts you into labor at a border booth... good luck. As a citizen of the magnificent Arstotzka you and your family are relocated so that you may work the job you won from a lottery. Simple premise, check information on documents, inform and fact check on discrepencies, approve or deny... Oh, but wait, there's more. Work behind your country for a militiant contingent or be a goody-two-shoes, take a few bribes or stick to the books, let your heart get in the way of your judgment or be the drone that they expect of you. The choice is yours in this fantastic 8+ hour game (don't forget to get all the endings), I highly recommend 9.1/10. Glory To Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,10459866,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Budderball,"THis game is amazing.  As the Border check person guy (whatever you call them)  you can keep everyone out of you country by spamming DENIED all over passports, you can let almost everyone in by APPROVING for wanted criminals.  But everything you do affects you in the future, by helping the EZIC, you will get exexcuted by day 31.  By working for Ministry of Admission, you will receive the code for Endless mode by day 31.  Theres about 20 endings so this will keep you busy for a while. It is totally worth the money! GLORY TO ARSTOZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,33752862,Posted: 23 July,all,chicken,needs dlc
,Recommended,239030,11388990,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,BINGEBOY,Oh hell no dog.
76561198056086310,Recommended,239030,21124592,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Princess Amethyst Spell,Me: Papers pleasePerson: *Hands papers*Me: You are missing passportPerson: What is passport?Me: *Gives 'denial only' ticket*Person: What is this? No! I will not leave! You can't make me!Me: Guards!Person: Don't touch me! I will be violent like tiger! Tiger don't joke! *Gets knocked out and taken away*Me: Next please! =311/10 Would knock out tiger man again
,Recommended,239030,29380305,Posted: 20 January,all,[RK] Dalojink,The Sims: Russia edition
76561198026797849,Recommended,239030,8744102,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Yopt,"Played this game when it was in Beta lil less than a year ago and actually didn't like it much. But that's why you don't play Betas or Early Access, cause in most cases they have very little to do with a real game. To my surprise when I saw it again around a month ago, when my gf was playing it 5 or 6 hours straight, I couldn't resist to take a look and boy this game became quite entertaining (not too much of a replayability but still). The story is very thorough with lots of details, unique characters and many of endings (about 20) with the difficulty constantly increasing, but never ending being up THAT hard. Game mechanics are quite simple, though it has some lesser flaws (for example I didn't get, why you upgrade your booth to be able to use shortcuts for some useless actions, while real helping stuff is not introduced, like a button to call a next immigrant or a button to ""use a talking device""). I would recommend this game to someone who wants to play a game out of the box, had a dream to become a customs inspector and to everyone else. And I'm pretty sure that you will miss Jorji after you are finished with the Papers, Please =]"
,Recommended,239030,12113634,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,IsaacLightning,Glory to Obristan
76561198031236278,Recommended,239030,4044490,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Biscuitdoughhandsman,"Papers, Please is incredibly stressful and somewhat depressing. 10/10 highly reccomend."
,Recommended,239030,14188246,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Callity,"This game is really good, the only place you'll find arstotzkan fakers trying to get into the country, and then ezic comes, i wont spoil it! Worth the money!"
,Recommended,239030,16263395,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ping.pong.roadman (real),YES
,Recommended,239030,4955452,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Coops,Great game for only $10 has alot of replayability!
,Recommended,239030,7815992,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Hmm, this is rather interesting.. How efficient is it to judge a person by their looks, their papers and responses if you've got less than a couple of minutes. Is border control really effective and if so..to what degree? Did you ever ask yourself these questions? Did you ever ask yourself how easy or hard a job like that would be? What if there's a grave penalty if you allow the ""wrong"" person in to the country?Papers Please works like this. It gives you the opportunity to try the things mentioned above and puts you to the test. And soon..pretty soon..you'll realise that no system is perfect. You will make mistakes..mistakes that might cost others their life. For the good or the bad.""Ideas are nice, but actions determine the future."" that's what Papers Please shows you in a very harsh but interesting way. Especially if your private problems could be solved by bending the rules during your job. Are you stead fast, or is your heart the leading factor?Find out for yourself by playing ""Papers Please"". A game that teaches a lot about the way you tick."
,Recommended,239030,10820025,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TommyK154,"If I described what you do in this game it would sound like the most boring game ever, but somehow it's not. It's the exact opposite. The little choices you make impact your story line greatly and there are dozens of endings. This is a very fun game, if not sometimes stressful, checking tons of information as quickly as possible and reacting to terrorist threats. This is the best indie game of 2013, and if you didn't play it then, definitely get it and play it now, ESPECIALLY while it's on sale. Completely worth it."
,Recommended,239030,22118426,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lewd,Play as Donald Trump before his small loan
,Recommended,239030,21946218,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,happycarrot50,Brilliant game about working on a border 13/15
,Recommended,239030,33498572,Posted: 13 July,all,CoffeeMug,"Really great game, as someone who lives in a country that has been under communist dictatorship for 50 years, I'd say it creates a true immersion of what it's like to live under communism and dictatorship. When nation is everything, and citizen is nothing, when you have to decide whether to detain people who just want to be with their family while letting criminals with clean papers inside, just because you have to provide for your own family or they'll die. Every communism memer should play it imo before spouting bullsh it. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,20341879,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tylerader005™,First time I got to spam denies on somebody and they don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off 11/10
,Recommended,239030,27371836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thicc Noodle Soup ツ,Great damn game
76561198153923824,Recommended,239030,25884125,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,GAS,Best game ever!!
,Recommended,239030,28020876,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The_Auzzinator,"1st day, not much happened. 2nd day, not much happened. 3rd day, slightly more happened. 4th day, got fired for letting everyone through. 10/10, would definately play again."
,Recommended,239030,28337777,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SneakySnek,You don't know fear until you hear that little noise when you mess up. I think I got anxiety from this game and I loved every minute of it.
76561198128701899,Recommended,239030,23882759,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vladimir Putin,I Like Very Nice
76561198247393704,Recommended,239030,27883375,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Born2game,Please make a DLC I love this game soooooooooooooooo much it's addictive
,Recommended,239030,27895345,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,. Sŧōυгмзя .,Best Border Security Simulator !
76561198185359551,Recommended,239030,27916055,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fried Blueberry,"*Playing for first time**Suck really badly**I'm good now but back then... Not so much**Dude comes in one day*""32 citations""*Oh ♥♥♥♥**Get certificate**Sufficience.**Play few more weeks untilEZIC kill me for not helping them8/10, really well made game.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,27978280,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sugartits,A very touching and intriguing political thriller that made me even more judgemental of others. Stamping has never been more fun.
76561197961185481,Recommended,239030,28274414,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ormet,Simply incredible.
,Recommended,239030,27853103,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ole420,Glory to Arstotzka. Much better than ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Kolechia.
,Recommended,239030,27875290,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rev,SIq one
,Recommended,239030,27900831,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bearcoffee,I never thought I'd enjoy a game that stresses me out so much with decision making.
,Recommended,239030,27907899,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jmomo,YOU THINK IS BEST GAME.OR ELSE.
,Recommended,239030,28029893,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Paws1993,Very addicting.
,Recommended,239030,28075175,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gwydion- is the greatest,"In Soviety Russia, Game Nominates you!"
,Recommended,239030,27840377,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drank44,fun to play while on the road
,Recommended,239030,27856204,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Grue,A very depressing game that really made me think about what it must have been like to live in a Soviet Bloc country.  Kind of amazing that this game could be so thought-provoking given its likely small budget and spartan presentation.
,Recommended,239030,27889473,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cousteau,"Pure genious, few games makes such a strong comment on our current political situation, easily to be compared to contemporary art."
76561198002104791,Recommended,239030,27898083,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FlintWood,Bum...  BumBum...  Bum
76561198007978316,Recommended,239030,27905034,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,brucemnear,Fun game with a great view of what oppression looks like!
76561198002255132,Recommended,239030,27933382,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KaBeeM,Give me my badge!
76561198071275511,Recommended,239030,10598906,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ApatheticExcuse,"If ""paperwork simulator"" doesn't sound fun to you, then I suggest looking at this as a ""Bureaucratic RPG"", or maybe a ""morality simulator"".The following sorts of people will probably like this game:Turn Based Strategy Fans - Though it's not exactly a fast-paced game, the need to think things ahead a bit becomes apparent pretty quickly if you want to play the game with anything resembling morals.RPG Fans - While ""soviet paper pusher"" isn't really a super exciting character on the face of it, I found myself settling into the role with shocking ease. While you don't really develop a character, you do have to make ALOT of choices with much more important consequences than say, the Mass Effect series. Yeah, cheap shot, I know. But you get what I mean.Rogue-like Fans - It's not at all a roguelike in terms of save system, but despite that, it sort of feels like one. Limited graphics, but choices you can't undo, and an element of randomization that can really help you or ♥♥♥♥ you right up.Puzzle Fans - More than anyone, this is a game for you. It's all about a sharp eye, a good memory, and the ability to pick out small details quickly.Much as with most games that I enjoy, I feel like there's something here for nearly anyone.People who won't like this game:Real Life Customs Agents - You do this all day. I'm sure the pay is better, but still, respect bro.People Who Play Nothing But COD: Why do you need a computer? X-box 360s are cheap right now and have much better controls for FPS stuff (and skyrim!). If you're really trying to make the switch, I'd suggest something more along the lines of DayZ or Medival Total War, or really anything else. While there are some guns in this, and a little blood, you will likely find it a little underwhelming."
,Recommended,239030,16897047,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,FinalBaws,"Congratulations.The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled.For immediate placement, report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint.An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.Papers, Pleaseis a beautiful little indie game by Lucas Pope, a gem that truly stands out in the ocean filled with Early Access Survival- and 8-bit ""retro"" adventure games. The year is 1982, and you work as an inspector at a border security checkpoint. Dozens of people flow past each day, and you must carefully examine each person's passport and then either approve or deny their application.As days go, the game also gets progressively harder. Immigrants will be required to have more and more documents, and the payroll stays the same, yet you must also provide food and warmth for your family. Political backstabbing and tension between countries may also come into play, due to the 6-year-war between Arstotzka and Kolechia.I really wish there were more games like this, but unfortunately both creativity and originality have become rarer as time has gone by.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198309044845,Recommended,239030,33795395,Posted: 25 July,all,Murica Bill,This is a good gaem
,Recommended,239030,33795182,Posted: 25 July,all,Sepulchrum,"Papers, Please - And Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,23868947,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ailarian,"I love this game! After playing it for a few days, I could actually imagine leaving my job in the IT sector in Europe and move to North Korea to work with border security and immigration ;)"
,Recommended,239030,23867240,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rubber Dicky,"Glory to Artzotska. Crap, don't know how to spell that. Youu could sh*t on this game. it would still be F*cking AWESOME!"
,Recommended,239030,23864164,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,emapurmensky,This game is...IMPOR taste.(Just kidding it's a great game I just thought of this pun while playing)
,Recommended,239030,28391517,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,INSANE™,1 worDGORY
76561198075466324,Recommended,239030,28457656,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dragonoak,"Not my usual game choice, but enjoying this greatly! I've learned many things about myself too.... some not so good.Picked up for a couple of quid and can see quite a few hours getting sunk into this, thanks!"
76561197968311807,Recommended,239030,27842295,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C. Lukas,"There is no game like this.Honestly, I feel quite hard to play.For me, it is funny. I recommend to have a look at Youtube first.It is better to buy it within HKD100"
,Recommended,239030,27844689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Phrentrow,Such a great game with amazing storytelling.
,Recommended,239030,27910068,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,blue1975,I downloaded this game on the advice of a very good friend. It has a bit of a learning curve at first until you really start knowing what to look for and keeps your attention.  If you don't know how to obtain your achievements be sure to find cheats online. Otherwise you will never know what you are looking for and how to obtain your acheivements.
76561198031044405,Recommended,239030,28368498,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BlackGhost,Glory to Arstotzka!!!!!
76561197997710251,Recommended,239030,28460135,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xaule,"Really enjoyed this game, but it can get hard and feel like a second job!"
,Recommended,239030,28336954,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Razzismus,"Many different endings and some kind of a story. It's interesting, cause I think its the only game with this kind of gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,28460739,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kompster,"Several days into my new job as an Arstotzkian border guard I began to worry for my family, I don't make enough money to keep our home warm or feed them and can barely afford medicine for my son. I'm terrified that if I lose my job my family will die. 10/10 will be depressed forever."
,Recommended,239030,28461366,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,LValkyrie ☣,I've detained suspicious immigrants and still receive no raise. Now my wife is sick and I do not know what to do other than walk to work. Arstotzka sure is a glorious country.
,Recommended,239030,28020250,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,suburban_robot,Still as fantastic as the day I bought it.  Brilliant writing and fun gameplay.  Great sense of humor.
76561198009305108,Recommended,239030,28244529,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,Very awesome inspection game ever
,Recommended,239030,28259406,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JulysFire,Border crossing guard simulator.  Honestly though it is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,239030,27900368,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Child Actor Gary Coleman,"I hate games like this with all my heart. This genre of games is easily my least favorite. Games like these are, in my opinion, boring, not fun, and a genuine waste of time and money.Despite all this, Papers, Please is one of my favorite games to date."
76561198137769886,Recommended,239030,27906942,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OpenEyesGaming,Glory to Arstotzka
76561198102425240,Recommended,239030,28010492,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,frl_kgb,"It is a game with that involves a great amount of memory work and effort, it is a job more than a game. However, it tells a brilliant story, through choices that, yes, cliché, but that matter! You can keep a couple together, or you may not be able to do so because you need to pay for medicine for your son... It is a very interesting game, Papers, Please has addictive gameplay, with a pretty tough challenge involved, and envelops you in its sad dystopian world, filled with documents, burocracy, and the fate of hundreds of people"
,Recommended,239030,28237238,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,JAMMEZICO,"Well bugger me, a game which actually lives up to the good reviews.PROS:> Fun if you enjoy being challenged, looking out for details and as quickly as you can.> Roughly 20 endings, some of which you have to try hard to get.> Not too hand-holdy, but can be made easier for more casual or less skilled players.> Unlimited mode for after story competion.CONS:> Almost as depressing as my life. (EdgyJoke.png)> Not a lot of replayability after getting all endings, or getting bored of the game's unlimited mode.Overall or TL;DR: Good experience and pretty fun, despite the idea of just being a border control inspector."
76561198285235996,Recommended,239030,28400125,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lord Thantus,♥♥♥♥ing addicting as hell. Who knew being an immigration officer was such a fun job. It's so challenging and rewarding for paying attention and learning all the tricks for this game. Would recommend.
,Recommended,239030,28458037,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Wookiee Jesus,"Good game, helps build memory skills."
76561197972384644,Recommended,239030,27966779,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,I'mBatman,Cool.
76561198079218940,Recommended,239030,27991498,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jirobow,Glory to arstotzka ﻿.
,Recommended,239030,28010954,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,notinthemood,This game made me feel guilty about the choices i made and i actually felt like a father taking care of his family. I actually enjoyed trying to find the mistake in the passport and felt stupid for missing some of them.
,Recommended,239030,27853512,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LaFolia,Very entertaining and fun game. Requiers a keen eye to get it all right. Many different endings just makes this very replayable.
,Recommended,239030,28072259,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Trakatroukas,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
76561198036188591,Recommended,239030,28077351,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,chintzeryeong,Best value per kilobyte.
76561197993421500,Recommended,239030,27888831,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hazi,"Papers, Please delivers a surprisingly deep and emotional experience. When I played it the first time, I didn't expect it to be so brutal and cold - it's quite rare for a single line of text in a game to freeze my heart like this one did. Beautiful dystopia simulator."
,Recommended,239030,28015827,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ParisSong,"Papers Please is a unique game, with a not-so-unique storyline. Today's world's immigration is rising at a fast rate, and I think this game shows how difficult it can be to approve or disapprove of one's entry into a country or not. It also gives the player a dose of ethical madness, whether they would contest the rules for another's happiness, or even one's own.This game is basically extreme spot the difference, with so many twists to it such as the multiple endings, the ""quests"" (you'll see), and even trying to get a run with no mistakes. It seems like a very peaceful game, but trust me, it is anything but peaceful.It's a very exciting game and pushes the suspense level up. Definitely recommend this to anyone!"
76561198333634564,Recommended,239030,28074442,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tommytroll,I don't know why I like this but I definately do.
76561198173281917,Recommended,239030,28460096,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,tiffanyyu10,"Never thought I'd spend hours stamping passports, but I did;)"
76561198204585960,Recommended,239030,28144966,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dak Olsen,"A rare thoughtful game that somehow manages to make buerocracy interesting. In fact, the paperwork in this game is far more interesting then any number of samey modern shooters."
76561198066849227,Recommended,239030,28400934,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SavageScorpion,"If you told me that I would do clerical work similar to what a Orwellian DMV employee would be doing, paying $10 for the privilege to do so, and having a tonne of fun doing it, I'd call you crazy, but you would also be 100% correct."
76561198253218886,Recommended,239030,28463064,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TextualArc,"You play as interior border guard for the eastern block of Pacifica from November 1982 onward.If rubber stamping people to death sounds appealing, then you should buy this game, it's truly an orwellian masterpiece among vidya.10/10 would detain for bribe money again."
,Recommended,239030,27984471,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IB Tiboe,Good commie simulator
76561198027181032,Recommended,239030,28020286,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SordidOctopus,"Taxing, but rewarding."
,Recommended,239030,28028380,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Grapist,"Are you an office worker who wants to unwind after a long day of work by doing more paper work?No?THEN TO THE GULAG WITH YOU!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!(But seriously. This is an addictive game that, while simple, is possibly the most original and fun thing that I have played in ages when I first bought it. This is the indie game that actually got me to look into more indie games.)"
76561198044577892,Recommended,239030,28062238,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Heretic No. 451,Tense. Excellent. Everything you could want in a beauraucracy-'em-up.
76561198086484254,Recommended,239030,28244904,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Good Guy,"Fun game, nice puzzle aspects, worth what I spent. Can't really say much more about it, I'd reccomend to anyone who is a bit of a history buff, specifically cold war. Besides that it's a decent game, not much to it."
76561198197445637,Recommended,239030,28368670,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cheatcodegaming123,AMAZING
76561198043910034,Recommended,239030,28455994,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jonthebaker,"Thought I wouldn't care too much for the game, ended up playing for hours without stop. Difficult yet not so much to discourage me."
,Recommended,239030,27897469,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solomon Grundy,Future of Trump
76561198176839969,Recommended,239030,27975854,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,alex.kalvarskiy.,"this game is amazing! It highly requires a good hart, and humor.  the best strategy game. MY FAVORITE GAME."
,Recommended,239030,28040796,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[M.S.]Sa1lor,Glory Arstozka! Ave Arstozka!Best East-European country simulator.Press this drag that and don't forget to follow the rules and kill terrorists.
,Recommended,239030,28131198,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Josey The Gaylord,Glory.
,Recommended,239030,28242101,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Alexei,Highly recommended.
76561198052841634,Recommended,239030,28267561,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TerranTechnocrat,"Whole family died from freezing and starving to death in an apartment in a ""modern nation"".10/10"
,Recommended,239030,28353099,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Vaharrak,"The game for the OCD enthusiast.Had lots of fun with this one, to be honest."
76561198021308169,Recommended,239030,28365506,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shovel Lover,U.S. Navy Yeoman Simulator.
76561198025729759,Recommended,239030,10583764,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,chrisrod28,Never has a paperwork simulator been so enthralling. Glorious game for glorious Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,21047520,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,*LSD* S P A C E S U I T,GLORY TO PAPER WORK!
,Recommended,239030,26082595,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TBNRBAM,Very good and addictive game. Highly recommened.
76561198055121765,Recommended,239030,10961023,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Höyläpenkki,"I bought THIS game from the STEAM SUMMER SALE 2014 for a LOW price and IT WAS WORTH it beacause you CAN deny ANYONE from entering SOVIET RUSSIA!!!!! YAHAHA I like it when there are people BEGGING to get in BUT i can say NO and deny THEM!!!!! HAHA AND then they have to go back to home and DIE!!! NO-ONE CROSSES THE IRON BORDERD!!!!111 The fist of STALIN punches you RIGHT into your nose, and SAYS NOOOOOOOO!!!! YAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!GLORY TO KOMMUNISM! GLORY TO ARSTOZKAS IRON BORDER! GLORY to STALIN!!!!!!!!☭☭☭yaahaahaa"
76561198118958395,Recommended,239030,10968537,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,.ICE,"""Stupid ♥♥♥♥ing terrorist.""-Calensk-10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10960853,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Addie,great game
,Recommended,239030,21851672,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Gizomeister,"*going home from work**find out the whole family is sick**looks inside my wallet**since we're poor, theres not much money**spent all of my money on medicine for my son and wife**they're getting better**notice no one cares have I bought medicine for the uncle and mother-in-law**next day**family is hungry**bought food from bribe-money for my son and wife**again, wife doesn't ask have I bought food for her mother and brother**I see where is she going with this**decide to play along**let her mother and brother die**no one asks about them**starts earning so much money**everyone is happy*...*my sister died and her doughter is coming to live with us**she brings in my sisters savings**a lot of money**hey thanks!**niece gets sick**everyone is happy again*Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198303454399,Recommended,239030,34079405,Posted: 7 August,all,DaZa3eemBoss,R E S P E C T  W A M E N
,Recommended,239030,28126758,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,tristan6252,"Great story, lots of fun, addicting gameplay, no bugs or glitches. What more could you want from a game?"
76561198126783889,Recommended,239030,34069739,Posted: 6 August,all,Jumbos Jimbo,pretty kool
76561197962728094,Recommended,239030,9664124,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RoofSmoker,"Not for everyone, If you like looking for descrepancies between items than this is for you!!! I had alot of fun with this game. The story plays through well, and at times you have to think if your making the right choices for just you or include your family, friends and complete strangers. Be evil or nice just do your job!!This game lives in a catagory of it's own, I hope to see continued evolution of this unique form of gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,33962052,Posted: 1 August,all,Roku,you stamp things
76561197993427475,Recommended,239030,7920562,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Lil'Gherkin,Amazingly buerocratic.
,Recommended,239030,8361367,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,4K Vapour Chamber,I twitch whenever I hear that discrepancy audit print noise.10/10 would attempt suicide again.
,Recommended,239030,15481961,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Pesky Bee,"DudeDon't come me with bull****If you are that typical player whose play only for fun , skip cutscenes , don't care to the stories at all and fell a gamer playing a team-death match on call of duty , this game is not for youOtherwise , Welcome to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,1046592,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Authorman,hye. this is a good game.
76561198231098020,Recommended,239030,20103450,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,"Game as boring as watching the grass grow.JK, just download the game."
,Recommended,239030,33396289,Posted: 8 July,all,svansloot,If you're a fan of stamping things then this is the game for you.
76561198066472817,Recommended,239030,20797048,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,thewaffletank,Step 1 get bombedstep 2 give your family medicinestep 3 son dies anywaystep 4 gets harderstep 5 feel like a hardass turning people downstep 6 loose *cries*step 7 uninstall after 20 days security
76561198045214604,Recommended,239030,11625846,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Nihilism and Chill,"Hello, this is my manditory positive review. By orders from my superiors I must tell you that this is one of the greatest Russian Life simulator around. Go to your shed, deny strange people into your country and then go home to eat turnips with your wife. This positive review is over, you are inclinded to buy this game. Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,10599961,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FonZie,"Simple but fun. And sometimes harder than you think. Accidentally let a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ through who turned out to be a terrorist and bombed the checkpoint. Needless to say I got fired from the job within 2 days ingame time starting it.Buy it, enjoy it...and see if you're a better immigration officer than I wasAmazing soundtrack too."
,Recommended,239030,20173157,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Wyvernbunny,"This game makes me depressed. Horribly depressed, Much like the Canadian government. See If you want to survive the next ressesion sure pick harper, but that also comes with less refugees and that isnt good. But with trudeau you will die in the resseson but mor reffugees? Yay? i guess? So The refugees are fleeing, But what happens to the poor sap with a Xbone or a pissfour you never know. And so this syrian kid lets name him alfonzo. So alfonzo living a happy life and is being given this console a Xbox one. But he just goes to escape it. He sadly leaves his console behind. Speaking of consoles, The Wii U. The Wii is absolutely superior."
,Recommended,239030,34116388,Posted: 8 August,all,Crusader | Hellcase.com,"Very nice, for being made by a single nig nog. Just a little reckdick at times."
,Recommended,239030,34088044,Posted: 7 August,all,Elle :D,"This game has a fantastic storyline, plenty of humor, and the gameplay is interesting. Each day you play brings new challenges and expectations. With the exception of major events that are scripted to happen on certain days, each day is random. Your decisions have a massive impact on the outcome of your life and the outcome of the story. Jorgi has to be one of my favorite characters of all time. Never encountered a bug, the mechanics were easy to learn, and the game sucks you in fast. If you like pixel games, strategy games, or indie games, this will be a $10 well spent.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,11652758,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,לולומין ダ الشعار 的 Солнца,"This is a very good game. There is a ton of replay value, and it was great finding every endgin, even if some were similar."
76561198109205743,Recommended,239030,34455384,Posted: 24 August,all,Wazzberry,This game is rly gud
76561198366395395,Recommended,239030,34463572,Posted: 24 August,all,matthewhusemann1738,i bought this game a while back and it said it was done so i played it and then the next day it said i deleted it but i didnt i find this very upsetting still please help me
76561197968380715,Not Recommended,239030,12090632,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Beneath The Wreckage,"Refunds, Please.Game is ok for an evening but then it sits on your shelf for all time.Needs more content imo."
,Recommended,239030,29592207,Posted: 30 January,all,Mike4473,The game is very good and always has its areas that are amazing. The ending could of been better but If the author made a papers please two i would deffentaily play it!
76561198363422924,Recommended,239030,29567457,Posted: 29 January,all,bravoforce32,Fun and addictive game. Many paths to choose and repercussions for your actions. I would definitely reccomend this game.
76561198102001312,Recommended,239030,11801378,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Basement Troll,A Real Russian Game :D 10/10
,Recommended,239030,11705244,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,unclepeyj,"This is a really weird and at the same time (I don't know if it's the right word for it!) enjoyable experience. Highly recommend it, especially to people who want something new."
76561198092534377,Recommended,239030,34429586,Posted: 22 August,all,Mav625,BWEPBWOPBWEPBWOP10/10 Best theme song
76561198161174573,Recommended,239030,28248102,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Velko.,Very nice game!
,Recommended,239030,32975131,Posted: 28 June,all,PooCake12902,"I loved it! It helps you spot the difference in things, its actually helped me in life, now its like im picky about everything.Anyway now I say ""Glory to Arstotzka"" every friggin day. I recommend it if you want a challenge, with some action, a bit of mystery, and hint of romance. Or you just wanna be evil.100% RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,239030,21757928,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Turntech Godhead,"This game is intriguing to say the least. It's kinda fun, but it also has a plot in the background, and a good versus evil type deal. Overall, 11/10 would go to prison again."
76561198115134082,Recommended,239030,28963375,Posted: 2 January,all,Austrian Leninist,"It's kind of hard to explain this one. If you like the Cold War History of the Iron Curtain and Berlin Wall, you'll see the influence and you'll probably be able to enjoy it, but it certainly won't please everybody. It's something for people interested in history, paperwork or the soviet aesthetic."
76561198341869334,Recommended,239030,31848294,Posted: 19 May,all,Taco Mawice,"TSA agent sim , 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,11620333,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Sgt. P. Snake [70th ID],I would recommend it to players with patience. this game is not an action FPS game or something like that. it has its own very indeed intresting action.Final Review - 9.5/10
,Recommended,239030,19286994,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,56cool7,This game contains DRUGS GUNS KNIFES NUDITY STRIPPERS TERORISTS BS MORE BS EVEN MORE BS DIPLOMCY ADVANCED RESEARCH TECH AND Uh.........a guild of rebels........
,Recommended,239030,33889722,Posted: 29 July,all,welp,Border patrol simulator
76561198074207746,Recommended,239030,28882908,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SJCrain,♥♥♥♥ing illegals. Buy it.
76561198210678744,Recommended,239030,26584805,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Liduska77,"""It never ceases to amaze me what the human mind can come up with; it can come up with a whole manner of different things. For example, take today. The winner is not the one with the most strength or the most power. But the one with the most potential."""
,Recommended,239030,11609315,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,{SCG} Thunder Rahja,"Made my family go cold every other day, then got arrested for helping an inspector.10/10."
,Recommended,239030,25392967,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Absadab,:glory: Glory to Arstotzka :glory:
,Recommended,239030,15388336,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,7/10
,Recommended,239030,34897091,Posted: 12 September,all,DraDe,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197991751665,Recommended,239030,1342202,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,I-Know-My-Rights!,"I played the beta of this, It's a really interesting game, 20 different endings, some slightly different, some completely different. It makes a repetitive task interesting, i never really got bored, the story is scripted to a point... there are different people with different documents, but some characters of the story are the same. Of course, in endless mode its all random. Very good time waster, and totally worth the ten bucks. The Soviet Era time period is interesting, the sound and graphics complement it well."
,Recommended,239030,13173429,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NuclearDystopia,Awesome game!
76561198060057539,Recommended,239030,8173162,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[TRAF] bloomer1338,i love this game. challenging at times but fun
,Recommended,239030,9598694,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Jack Sprat,"Border Patrol Simulator is what most indie games should even go want to do look more like.Something that seems odd at first, but as you play through it you realize just how great it is.Hail Cobrastan, and glory to Arstotzka."
76561197960818168,Recommended,239030,10603273,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Toxic,"This is a great game, but only buy it on sale. The gameplay is very simple but interesting. This game is great if you love enforcing rules, and for those who like messing with the government. The graphics are very simple, but I see why."
,Recommended,239030,25866790,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Eternity,An orwellian game with nice settings. Better than Replica to some extent....Sometimes I just enjoy the feeling of pressing the DENY button...
,Recommended,239030,35212647,Posted: 25 September,all,i like eeyore,scary
,Recommended,239030,23743261,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Falcorfactor,Glorey to areastoacka or what ever the ♥♥♥♥ 12/9
,Recommended,239030,23745138,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Caminon,glory to arstotskasomething about a hammer and a sickle
,Recommended,239030,32127049,Posted: 2 June,all,Hamoud Habibi,good time filler
76561198068225879,Recommended,239030,30420168,Posted: 9 March,all,wolf,loved the game! :)
,Recommended,239030,2435114,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Grounder,"A stunning example of how simple mechanics can be executed so well, that they become engrossing and allow for a meaningful personal narrative."
76561197998982818,Recommended,239030,11611248,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Breadsmith,This game was the perfect training sim for my current job. Right down to the corrupt security and shooting terrorists.
76561198192499627,Recommended,239030,29509952,Posted: 26 January,all,IVisFTW,"Papers Please is a cheap, fun Indy game in which you take the role of a border checkpoint examiner in the dystopian Communist Russian themed land called Arstotzka.  In the game, you must manage a family and keep in good terms with your bosses who will visit the checkpoint every now and then.  The game forces you to keep a sharp eye out for people trying to enter illegally. There are also faction and story choices you can make which will effect your outcome.Overall, this game is worth the ten bucks and will last a long time, it also has a ton of replayability.I rate this game 9/10"
76561198334688597,Recommended,239030,30317607,Posted: 4 March,all,princesadelarana,So funny.
,Recommended,239030,19990168,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,moonlightbae🌙,Nice game!!! Love it but it makes my eyes burned hahaGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,12924354,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dajmin,"Papers, Please review in 30 seconds!http://youtu.be/2ZTDaqDuYzA"
,Recommended,239030,10704433,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sulli.RoséTzuyu,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA !!!
,Recommended,239030,14823689,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,.Reflected.,This is really a wonderful game with many endings and many styles to play this game.
,Recommended,239030,11617830,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Fugitive Unknown,"Peoples beureau of entertainment and mental health is proud to bring you new entertainment for GLORIOUS HAMMER 3.42 ENTERTAINMENT CUBE available at all distribution centers after short (24 month) waiting period.Glorious Hammer Entertainment Cube: Its atomic blast processing will crush you like the proletariat will crush the imperialist agressor! Now with 64 RAM and 64 colors (60 of them red)!Play as patriotic citizen in job consumate to his ability, watching border against traitorous infiltrators to the glorious Arstotzka.Be dutiful citizen inspecting entery papers to our great country to ensure resources of Arstotzka are not stolen.See struggles of family in face of capitalist, facist and religious extremism. Learn how citizens protect YOU against the foreign agressors who wish to infiltrate your country. Learn to mangage generous portioned salary to maxmize family collective's budget which is more then enough to provide for their means.In the event that you are filled with sufficient patritotic frevor, sign up for mandatory elective service today!In the event tht you are filled with insufficient patriotic frevor, you will be receive a complementary mandatory vacation to the People's Wellness and Political Health Spa and Uranium Mine.All Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,22432207,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Emilia,watching the border and letting terrorist past is fun kappa
,Recommended,239030,34742601,Posted: 4 September,all,theBrost,"Awkward Mixture Blog:Beholder and Papers, Please: One is Worth Watching:http://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/09/beholder-and-papers-please-one-is-worth.html"
,Recommended,239030,19782428,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jan Cena,Truly the only way to feel like a communist.
,Recommended,239030,20314276,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,🗾,denied.
76561198141181966,Recommended,239030,20486176,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Manta Style,"- woman comes up to me-hands kolechian passport- I no like kolechians, to the see-all-eye machine with you!- nice boobiez, ooo booty oooo KNIFE!- u no go into arstotzka u damn hipocrite !- alarm sounded, woman beaten to near death/unconscious state11/10 would see-all-eye machine again."
,Recommended,239030,9123893,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ShapedCactusSam,this is so addicting me and my friend sat on it for 6 hours straight
,Recommended,239030,10633077,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Warden,Game of the year 2013
76561197990144762,Recommended,239030,1253327,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,4TonHammer,This is actually great game! Good for gamers that like the details.
,Recommended,239030,10710364,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JUAN SOLO,This is way more than a game. This is a masterpiece. A game in which a simple choice can ruin your or others' life.THIS is true art. I believe everyone should experience this. I seriously cannot recommend this enough.
76561197991622670,Recommended,239030,11375896,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,No,"Game puts you into role of border inspector for fictional totalitarian republic surrounded by other so called republic. It quite nicely recreates the feeling and atmosphere of this Cold War era. State behaves with its totalitarian authority, immigrants are begging you to let them in.You are bound by rules how to perform your duty and those rules are changed as story and time progress. So from simple ""do you have passport?"" it evolves into ""do you have papers X Y Z and if needed W?"" while you have to check all the data and find all discrepancies. Failing to do so is penalized.This might sound boring at first, but this puzzle can catch you fast :) It also learns .. or forces you to create a procedure of you own how to procede with data checks if you want to be efficient (which you have to be cause you are payed by ""customer"" not by a minute and time is limited). And once you find your procedure game throws in another paper or changes previous one and its up to you to adapt.As the story/days progress, you are also put into many decisions where applicants might not have their papers in order but your Human side tells you to let them in. Or the might have requets regarding their relatives. (""Medicine in your country can save my life, our cant. Please let me in"" - Will you? or will you not? .) )For sure I recommend this for everybody, thats likes to tease their brain :)"
,Recommended,239030,17003896,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Fernaduel,I can't explain in words how much I love this game and the concept behind it.
,Recommended,239030,8334778,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Scarmax,"Challenging, fun, original, and crazy addictive!  In a gaming world neck-deep with shooters and sandbox games, this is a shiny little gem that will give you a refreshing break from the norm.  Great game!"
,Recommended,239030,24542885,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Hymen Buster 5000,fun
,Recommended,239030,26110297,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Pace,"Papers, Please is the perfect game to sit back and enjoy if you want an interesting experience that doesn't require quick reactions. The game has a satisfying flow to it, and continues to remain interesting as you progress. Learning about the world that Papers, Please is set in is a joy in itself. Becoming concious of the difference between the morally right and legally right decisions is the premise of the game, and this grey area of decision making is what makes Papers, Please an unforgetable experience. These decisions are all made under the influence of the government, a vague system that seems closer to a dictator ship than a free state. The combination of unique and interesting gameplay as well as a the thought provoking environment leads to a game that I would not hesitate to recommend if you are feeling tired of First Person Shooters and Competitive MOBA's."
76561198067753145,Recommended,239030,14304726,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,saaf bruv,"Crappiest looking game I ever loved. I'd make a great border agent, no fker would ever get in."
76561198021944559,Recommended,239030,16200890,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,F15,Love it!
76561198085174920,Recommended,239030,13544852,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Assfoot,Getting nice ♥♥♥♥ing nudes of these hot FOREIGN women.
76561198077728505,Recommended,239030,29734818,Posted: 5 February,all,wesleygray,"If your dream is to work at the DMV then you will love this game.  It's interesting as political commentary, but the gameplay quickly grows old.  I only made it about an hour before I moved on.  Maybe if I had stuck with it something interesting would have happened.  I only payed $3 on sale, and I guess it was about worth that in novelty."
76561198036759871,Recommended,239030,4414138,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Dordak_the_Lost,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,9131843,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TurtleSquared,"This game taught me much about russi---I mean Arstotska.....yeahAlso taught me about Crack, Heroin, And Transgenders!Summary: A suitable GTA V replacement for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC's10/10 would smuggle again."
,Recommended,239030,8049798,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Voodin,"I don't know why I love this game ,but I DO . It's compelling , it's relaxing , it's hilarious , it's invigorating , it's suprizingly awkward to describe.It is a must play."
,Recommended,239030,8653820,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,SpacerZ,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdnWUX-zqao
,Recommended,239030,24229792,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,WhatAmIDoing,"My family died because I didn't feed them, But I apparently survived even though I didn't eat either,"
,Recommended,239030,11360710,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mr.Spookyman,You: What is thisJorji: IS DRUGS11/10
76561198020144608,Recommended,239030,30763206,Posted: 26 March,all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,239030,17462041,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Joowaba,Next gen paperwork simulator
,Recommended,239030,28917295,Posted: 1 January,all,Colonel Himmlestache,♥♥♥♥ COMMUNISTS
,Recommended,239030,12985369,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Draco,"Really good drama game, wich really puts what is happening in real life on the spotlight. It is for sure clever and well made, with a retro but modern style. But it is NOT worth 9 euros. 3,4, max 5 euros would have been fine, but 9 euros is a bit TOO much."
,Recommended,239030,15218703,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Durka Durka,papers 10/10
,Recommended,239030,29598762,Posted: 30 January,all,Ramen Nap Ruins,You basically have to be autistic to be able to play this game.
,Recommended,239030,9180778,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,IllegalUserException;,"Surprisingly addicting. This game may looks dull at first, but no, it is actually good. I worried that I may regert buying this game, but I am not, in fact I am grateful. I promise you this is fun."
,Recommended,239030,426620,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,[dirrty]gsharp,"I tried it for five minutes...and ended up playing an hour.  Don't let the 8bit graphics fool you.  There is an actual game under the hood.  In that one hour, I was bribed, threatened, cursed at, praised, taunted, and even attacked while processing border paperwork!  From simply checking name, date of birth, and other simple details to x-ray scans, fingerprints, and work permits, this game gets into it all.The big red DENIED stamp is fun to use.  Oh, and you can have people detained too!Easily worth the price of admission.  I'm buying extra copies for friends."
,Recommended,239030,10984782,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,seb,This game makes me a Russian style boarder control officer ruining the lives of hundreds of people.But my family are all dead.10/10Would Play Again.
,Recommended,239030,19812458,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,kolkazadrot,Хех.
76561198079455287,Recommended,239030,16768774,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Professor Toothy,"This game is very strange.It has you laugh, get furious, and cry all within your playthough. It fully realizes, in its charming retro style, the horrors of the Police State, Communism, facism, and their subesquent poverty. It seems to have taken a lot of hints from the atrocities of Soviet Union, with some allusions to Cuban practises. Oddly enough, the game can be really funny. The comedy is dark, but still hilarious at times. However, the game takes a very depressing tone when examining government.I almost wept when my in-game son wanted a box of crayons for his birthday, which the game labeled ""expensive""; and indeed they were. It was insane to think of crayons as expensive, since I seem to have been spoiled in a capitalist society of free trade and low prices. But I had to give up buying heat for the family, because I felt so bad about the idea of not getting my son a birthday gift.I guess it's easy to take things for granted. I've learned my lesson; no more pretending to be an internet communist hipster for me. 9/10"
,Recommended,239030,8915930,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Beatnik-Filmstar,This game has no business being as fun as it is.  High pressure paper pushing simulator game.  Glory be to whatever the Hell the country's name is.  (I ended up in jail.)
,Recommended,239030,21146772,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Sherbmeister,"A very good game, the steam achievements made me play it more than I would so that's a plus to get it on steam. I enjoyed it. A bit pricey if you ask me but hey, it got me 22 hours of gameplay, not bad."
,Recommended,239030,29598101,Posted: 30 January,all,Forgotten Syrup,"i've never taken so much enjoyment out of being a border patrol officer for the nazi regimeme. i've never done that job at all before actually. Paper's, Please delivers quite the expansive amount of game mechanics and forces you to make difficult choices such as denying entry to citizens who get even the slightest information wrong but desperatly need to get across the border, you're forced to go through extensive backround checks and information checking and are threatened with imprisonment if you fail to deliver your debt payments on time. i can strongly recomend this game to anyone looking for something fun and time killing to play. it is incredible well made and it was clear the creators put their time into this."
76561198040538972,Recommended,239030,31162524,Posted: 15 April,all,karhu,1) The game got old in an hour.2) It was a good hour.5/5 WOULD HOUR AGAIN.Except I really wouldn't... because the game got old in an hour... and I refunded it so I don't even own it anymore..BUT F#CK YEAH AN HOUR
,Recommended,239030,8047991,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Shna_na,"Perfect if you want to try to prove to yourself that you aren't corrupt, because you really are and you'll know it after this"
,Recommended,239030,15294409,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Penguin0_,-Became border patrol-Denied every Mexican-Hail 'Murica-♥♥♥♥ laws-♥♥♥♥ Ezic-Kill guards-Got executed11/10
,Recommended,239030,14904262,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,stevie2kills™ csgobounty.com,Its confusing as ♥♥♥♥.Carelessness is costly
,Recommended,239030,8176277,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,nickfromburbank,For such a low price you can get such a good game! You wouldn't believe by the page that there actually 20 alternate endings to this game! So simple yet so fun!
,Recommended,239030,10605413,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,Gimme da papers pls
,Recommended,239030,13217313,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,The Runnaführer,"Simple, but fun gameplay, Immersive, Storytelling that sucks you into the world, Lots of endings, and lets not forget...The Greatest Painting Ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,14683163,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Motol,Stopped a brothel ring leader and died for my country cause i owed 5 dollars10/10
76561197971423945,Recommended,239030,10585713,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Road to Low Priority,"1. You're stamping entry visas.2. That's it.3. Best game ever.So you are living in a distopian world based on the soviet era. You are a border control officers and have to check immigrants who want to enter your country for different purposes. You can deny legitimate visas and you can accept arrivals without proper documentation. Both choices endanger your well-being and the livelyhood of your family. The moral choices are sometimes tough.This game is incredibly immersive. While your task sounds dull, it lures you into a deep narrative that is hauting.I highly recommend this game."
76561197998604753,Recommended,239030,33154795,Posted: 2 July,all,BL4CK SH4DOW,Some may enjoy this spot the difference game. I didnt. 5/10.
,Recommended,239030,31444876,Posted: 29 April,all,imsomisaloser,"I Dont recommend because nudity, i do recommend because all else!"
76561198118630250,Recommended,239030,13437426,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,XN | Adam Whitney,"Glory to Whatever-how-its spelt just about says it right. Papers, Please is an indie game and is worth its price. What else is better than risking your life every-day for a crappy salary, 4 people to feed, a land-lord who keeps up-ing your rent and a shoddy Class-8 apartment? A job at a fast-food restaurant, or being a stocker at a meat packing place or a game designer. But no.Glory To-(Transmission cut off, possible terrorist threat abrupt)"
76561198103860837,Recommended,239030,30919877,Posted: 3 April,all,Rlancs,it was pretty good
76561198147447950,Recommended,239030,32720197,Posted: 24 June,all,Saradax,Nice game
76561198185549095,Recommended,239030,23316302,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ecksdee,Kill someone for trying to jump over a wall.Tell someone to go away because they don't have something you want.Starve your uncle.10/10 Would simulate real life again.
,Recommended,239030,11963967,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Derp,I do But It lags on mine it didnt lag but its good still i recomend it 9/10
,Recommended,239030,12748331,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,T.w² | RozRocks,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,24646772,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,saso4530,"Listen to me carefully, fellow Steam user: if you have never played this game, then your whole life is just a pathetic joke.Best game of 2013.Best game story.Best game for fun.Best game for replay value.Best game for family.Best game for Kolechians.Best game for terrorists.Best game for slavs.Best game for russia.Jorji is love, Jorji is life.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA, WHERE YOU DON'T NEED PASSPORT.DETAIN/DETAIN would work for Arstotzka again."
76561198120198382,Recommended,239030,29428040,Posted: 22 January,all,ジー,"I want to be the best there ever wasTo beat all the rest, yeah that's my causeElectrode, Diglett, Nidoran, MankeyVenusaur, Rattata, Fearow, PidgeySeaking, Jolteon, Dragonite, GastlyPonyta, Vaporeon, Poliwrath, ButterfreeCatch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em allPokemon!I'll search across the land, look far and wideRelease from my hand the power that's insideVenomoth, Poliwag, Nidorino, GolduckIvysaur, Grimer, Victreebel, MoltresNidoking, Farfetch'd, Abra, JigglypuffKingler, Rhyhorn, Clefable, WigglytuffCatch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em allGotta catch 'em all, Pokemon!Zubat, Primeape, Meowth, OnixGeodude, Rapidash, Magneton, SnorlaxGengar, Tangela, Goldeen, SpearowWeezing, Seel, Gyarados, SlowbroGotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all, yeah!Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all, yeah!Gotta catch 'em all, Pokemon!Kabuto, Persian, Paras, HorseaRaticate, Magnemite, Kadabra, WeepinbellDitto, Cloyster, Caterpie, SandshrewBulbasaur, Charmander, Golem, PikachuAt least one hundred and fifty or more to seeTo be a Pokemon master is my destiny!Alakazam, Doduo, Venonat, MachokeKangaskhan, Hypno, Electabuzz, FlareonBlastoise, Poliwhirl, Oddish, DrowzeeRaichu, Nidoqueen, Bellsprout, Starmie""Woo! We're at the halfway point, doing great so far""""We? What's all this 'we' stuff? I'm doing all the hard work!""""Breaktime's over, here we go!""Metapod, Marowak, Kakuna, ClefairyDodrio, Seadra, Vileplume, KrabbyLickitung, Tauros, Weedle, NidoranMachop, Shellder, Porygon, HitmonchanGotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all, yeah!Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all, yeah!Articuno, Jynx, Nidorina, BeedrillHaunter, Squirtle, Chansey (Pokemon)Parasect, Exeggcute, Muk, DewgongPidgeotto, Lapras, Vulpix, RhydonAt least one hundred and fifty or more to seeTo be a Pokemon master is my destiny!Charizard, Machamp, Pinsir, KoffingDugtrio, Golbat, Staryu, MagikarpNinetales, Ekans, OmastarScyther, Tentacool, Dragonair, Magmar""Whoa, catch your breath man, shake out those lips""""It's downhill from here, just 24 more to go""""Now it gets tricky, so listen real good""Sandslash, Hitmonlee, Psyduck, ArcanineEevee, Exeggutor, Kabutops, ZapdosDratini, Growlithe, Mr. Mime, CuboneGraveler, Voltorb, Gloom""We're almost home!""Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all, yeow!Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all, huaw!Gotta catch 'em all, Pokemon!Charmeleon, WartortleMewtwo, Tentacruel, AerodactylOmanyte, SlowpokePidgeot, ArbokThat's all folks!Catch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em all (oowww)Gotta catch 'em all, PokemonCatch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em all (oowww)Gotta catch 'em all, PokemonCatch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em allGotta catch 'em all, Pokemon!Read more: Pokemon - Pokerap Lyrics | MetroLyrics"
76561198072180386,Recommended,239030,29106193,Posted: 7 January,all,supranova,you kick people out of sum country or something idk lel
76561198050050736,Recommended,239030,25229550,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,UberDust,Donald Trump border wall simulatorDETAIN ALL ILLEGALS!!!
76561198029061647,Recommended,239030,13510663,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,"Hmm... Yevnik Trensk. It says here you are a woman, but that sure is a conspicuous bulge in your pants. Why don't you come on over here to the scanner for... processing. Glory to Arstotzka.8/10"
,Recommended,239030,9618298,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,peep911,Oh boy scanning people for bombs and they are nude.... 69/10Wouldn't play again
76561198275383053,Recommended,239030,31403253,Posted: 27 April,all,Yogistein,Needs a Trump mod
76561198125904726,Recommended,239030,22852862,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jacrizpy2002,Fun and Easy.
,Recommended,239030,16311102,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,a/c,wall
,Recommended,239030,11625045,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TeamLeader,It defenitly rustled my jimmies!
76561198106575757,Recommended,239030,28493794,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,smrtnik,Short but good
,Recommended,239030,29706548,Posted: 4 February,all,eat pant,10/10 trump simulator
,Recommended,239030,24704827,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,I get my♥♥♥♥♥checked in the same place as in this game! But still this is the most awesome experience i ever had... emmm... Am i talking about game or about my♥♥♥♥♥! (bad english skills from the russian boy)
,Recommended,239030,23243021,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,XxRyanPlayzGaminGxX,good and sad
76561198111445967,Recommended,239030,23874911,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Doggo,This game is great but you'll probably need more than one keyboard to keep playing.
76561198001527841,Recommended,239030,28461298,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,A Fat Bert Kreischer,Glory To Arstotzka! I became $5 in debt and the goverment arrested me and my family. Now am in Prison until debt is paid. Please send $5 to my steam wallett so I can get my family and myself out of prison. Thank you. Glory to Arstozka!
76561198189696043,Recommended,239030,28016219,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,stephenhercka,yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes
,Recommended,239030,21125417,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mr Stealyogirl,This is good game it help me realize how hard video games acutely areI rate 7/7 with me and my mate Kevin-P.s I don't know anybody called Kevin
76561198001243557,Recommended,239030,25602899,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DamoMonster,Well worth your time :)
,Recommended,239030,25613001,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,Cobrastan above all!
,Recommended,239030,10965577,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ShibeZ,Duuuuun Duuuuuun Duuuuun Duuuuun Dada Dadaaaa Duuuuuuun Duuuuuuun Duuuuuun
76561198031529307,Recommended,239030,25594560,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,actionorb,8/10 Unique and interesting storytelling.
,Recommended,239030,25595037,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jorji Costava,Jorji is a simple man. Passport is goood.
,Recommended,239030,12577673,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,red box,believe in yourself
,Recommended,239030,29732519,Posted: 5 February,all,Bruh,op
,Recommended,239030,21284695,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Arkan,Trump Simulator 2016
,Recommended,239030,13315749,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,HA¥TCH,i like stamps 10/10
76561198239175944,Recommended,239030,34671932,Posted: 1 September,all,DrWalrus13,GLORLY GREATEST COUNTRYGLORY TO GREAT NATION
,Recommended,239030,30839373,Posted: 30 March,all,🅱oach,"Can't say it's worth full price for what it is but by no means is it a horrible game, it's mostly just a time killer that you can play about 30 minutes at a time without getting bored too often, and i would say worth three dollars, which is what i got it for on a sale. But the game is definitely overrated as most indie games are. In the end,  just get it on a sale and save it for when the internet goes down so that you don't get bored too quickly."
,Recommended,239030,33167308,Posted: 2 July,all,Roose 🅱,yeah its good
,Recommended,239030,11509078,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Tidreit,"(Officer:""Papers please!"") Sorry I came here to do a Review! Gotta admit, this game has some retro graphics, but when playing with being a border officer, you just have to know who to let through! I had messed up sometime's, but still a classic graphic'd but fun game. 9/10"
76561197972263910,Recommended,239030,19007048,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,Enjoyable puzzle-based game.6 / 10.
,Recommended,239030,9462427,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Demon,"5/5Right now, after probably a 4 hour binge on the game I can't say enough good things about it.  Last night when I got started it took me a while to really get the hang of the interrigation matching techniques but I got it now and I'm detaining people left and right, shot my fair share too! So don't be trying to infultrate my boarders!The amount of story in this game has left me staggered, I was looking forward to playing this but it has gone past ever expectation.  The originality is like nothing seen in any mainstream game.  The simulation enjoyment I get out of this game is right up there with FTW.  The dollar to enjoyment level of this game is skewed way towards the enjoyment end, best value on the market even at full price.It makes me laugh, it makes me nervous and all in all its a work simulator.Where the hell have main stream games gone wrong?"
76561198099027375,Recommended,239030,17102004,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MonopolyHD,"So recently I got back into Papers, please as I hadn't completed the campaign yet. I started a fresh new game and remembered how great the game actually was. It is so harsh and so rewarding at the same time. Lucas Pope made a game about an immigration checkpoint worker and made it an cult classic game that parodies the communist Eastern Bloc countries and draws similarities with the Berlin Wall. This is the single best Indie game that has ever been made, no questions. My only concern is that there isn't enough of it. No spin offs. No DLC. Nothing. I am saddened that it is unlikely that this concept and alternate universe will be continued."
,Recommended,239030,26297687,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ZackGFX,Amazing Game Nothing Else To Say Its Just The Best Game Ever #VOTEFORBESTGAME2016
,Recommended,239030,21468146,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,WarlordOfRome,A good game. Can get very tense and the difficulty increases at a nice pace. It is fun to try and get the different endings or try not to get any citations.Glory to Arstotzka
76561198115263915,Recommended,239030,29290388,Posted: 15 January,all,Andrew is not in Russia,"I live in an post communist state, so this game is extra touching for me. Who would think that playing a role of a border inspector would be fun. It wouldn't. But Papers, please combines this with a fantastic story, family managment and great gameplay. Also, 20 endings, one more sad than the other.10/10 One of my fauvorites*SPOILERS*Most touching moment:,,Where is Sergiu?"",,Sergiu was killed"""
,Recommended,239030,28723949,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yokel,If you don't recommend this game then that will be 5 years into the Gulag with you.
,Recommended,239030,7451705,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Very nice. I didn't expect to like it this much. The correct word is 'addictive'. Once i started, i could not stop. Also, I thought it was only a practical game, but there is a plot behind, moments of fear, of surprise and many other details, everything happening at your desk. 20 possible endings, I have seen about the half of it in 10 hours gameplay (about 350 people checked). 85/100"
,Recommended,239030,6880288,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Sea Bass,GLORY TO ATSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,28410053,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kamchatka,"Very addictive game that requires attention and memory. Even though the story is lax, I still feel like it deserves to be there."
76561198018446175,Recommended,239030,17509933,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,COM/RED,"Wow! This is quite amazing! No really, read between the lines ;)"
,Recommended,239030,15314131,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Thisnamedoesntfi | cs.deals,"i really like the game its a really fun satisfying game with even a good game mode but, i would really love for Jon Pope to update the game, its been over 2 years since the game has been realesed but if he would keep updating or at least update at least once a year that would be very nice and it would be very fun, like after a while the game mode gets boring and i want something new, maybe hr should let people be able to edit, and he should let there be a workshop, for full conversion mods and ect... i was even thinking about an actual airport or a DMV something like that it would be fun and enjoyable. please Jon let it happen"
76561198322342264,Recommended,239030,34169351,Posted: 11 August,all,Kin-,fapped to the female photo. thanks for the nudity option.best game69/10
,Recommended,239030,8355194,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ursopro,♥♥♥♥ing Jorji
,Recommended,239030,12061840,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,-=PR=-_Miller,great game with some twists
,Recommended,239030,20220816,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CasualGuster,"One of the absolute best games on steam, a modern classic."
,Recommended,239030,29934800,Posted: 14 February,all,mein mustasche,The man who was to write this review was sent to the gulag
,Recommended,239030,11825129,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Skyrizzle,Filthy Kolechnians.
,Recommended,239030,27433185,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spiffo,Play this game it's fun.
,Recommended,239030,10686040,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cool Guy Zubaz,"Depressing as♥♥♥♥♥♥ stressful, and really when you think about it, not even that fun. So naturally; Great game."
,Recommended,239030,13178016,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,kapho?!,i'm so sorry. :(
,Recommended,239030,33106464,Posted: 1 July,all,PlanetEvolve,"A very challenging and somewhat dark game. It's not necessairely fun, at least not all the time, but it is still entertaining in a weird way. I really recommend you try this one - it's however a pretty weird game, so it is certainetly not for everyone."
,Recommended,239030,33844273,Posted: 27 July,all,tact,Want more.
76561197993205801,Recommended,239030,8290882,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Baron Atomos,"Easily the best indie puzzle game to come out in a while. Combines some ANTI-FREEOM charm with quick analysis skills to eke out a living in a land less than desirable. NOTE: Try the demo first. This game is amazing, but not for everybody. As charming and interesting as it is, some will not be able to ""get into it""."
,Recommended,239030,25120831,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Junkrat Main in Overwatch,"Do not think that just because it is about reading passports that the game is not worth it. The game is a lot harder than you would expect it to be, making you to remember many things and accidentally letting the wrong people through is a punishable mistake. Well worth the £6.99."
,Recommended,239030,21495433,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fox,I played this game. Felt Addiction. So I wrote this review. Then start unstalling steam!
76561197971353375,Recommended,239030,35261066,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
,Recommended,239030,25103265,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mumra,An ingenius and utterly original game of document-stamping beaurocracy and high-pressure spot-the-difference.Lovely art style and sound production too.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,25715050,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,A Loyal Knight,"Denied.Denied.Denied.""Please, my family will die without Arstotzkan help.""Denied."
76561198128316303,Recommended,239030,28457350,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hshissias,Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198054369066,Recommended,239030,10422674,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,sirbaconman,.
76561198070540460,Recommended,239030,26082123,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,u_alright_mate,>be me>shoot people and get paid at work>go home>son dying from sickness>wife is cold and starving>only have 30 dollars and a confiscated passport to my name>flee family and other responsibilities10/10 best black dad sim
76561198033443675,Recommended,239030,28464863,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zoot,"although it's so simple, yet hard and full of fun!and absolutely worth it's price while on sale!UPDATE..(ok, it's worth while not even on sale!)a random person comes to my booth, puts bomb on table and runs away,the soldier comes and says ""this is the poorest bomb! just cut the wires!"" *cuts the wires* *goes back to main menu*...thank you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..give the detain money you owe me to my family!"
,Not Recommended,239030,33399927,Posted: 9 July,all,Ne7erwinter,"If those AIDS-ridden little ****s at M.O.A. were so good at detecting every minor discrepancy in every entrant's papers they should do this job, not me.What an annoying game."
,Recommended,239030,15860601,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Beagle,Bruce Jenner probably hates this game.8.9/10
,Recommended,239030,20237960,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NSA put me on watchlist,REMOVE KEBAB FROM THE PREMISES
,Recommended,239030,9090607,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,speed is key,"oh man great game i like to call it Papers, Plox oh man stew-killem"
76561198241389150,Recommended,239030,29724014,Posted: 5 February,all,CleverName.jpg,"""Kolechain?""*Boston Bombing Flashback*""DENIED."""
76561198131636827,Recommended,239030,26531223,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Yegg,jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji jorji is god
,Recommended,239030,8068028,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Chewi,This is what people call 'Art'. Get used to it.
,Recommended,239030,15490963,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SpaceCoder,fulfilled my life long dream of stamping papers 11/10 :Dits surprisingly fun and funny great game to play if you have time to kill
,Recommended,239030,12442676,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kenya,GLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKAGLORY TO ARTOTZKA GLORY TO ARTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,16265686,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Circumfission,"It might say I only spent half an hour playing, but most of my hours were offline. A masterpiece unlike any other I have ever seen. Never could I have thought that a border control game would be good. Let alone, something like this. Papers, please is a game all should experience. I feel guilty for not playing it on release, as this might be one of the best games I've ever played. You sympathise with the Arstotzkan border processor, as he is a common man, working for his family. Perhaps the most stunning part of the game, is how real it can be. In the midst of rebellion, our main character must choose, loyalty to his country, escaping to another country, or help his country be overthrown, with every wrong turn risking loss of money, sickness, hunger, being fired, or even being executed. 10/10, Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,2228520,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,granderojo,I can't afford to hate anyone. I don't have that kind of time.
,Recommended,239030,15615102,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with border security
76561198091585738,Recommended,239030,16339423,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dave The Bird Assistant,10/10 Best Slavic border patrol sim 2013
76561198079477782,Recommended,239030,20023014,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Коммунизм,"Leaves for day of passport checking, Bye honey keep our son safe! Gets to work and starts day. Next! Good looking lady walks in. Hey handsome drop by our strip club later and bang someone other than your wife. Immediately lets women into country. Would bang communist chick again. 11/10"
,Recommended,239030,391777,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Saint Satan,None shall pass.8/10
,Recommended,239030,21118475,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ivan,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
76561198202536323,Recommended,239030,27980512,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kitchen Sink,cool
,Recommended,239030,20495486,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Spooky Daddy Dom,First DayDeny all foreignersDonald Trump Simulator
,Recommended,239030,10566,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Electric Donkey,"If you had told me checking documents for discrepancies could be fun I would have been skeptical... until I played Papers, Please."
,Recommended,239030,10777580,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,fullspe3d,7/8 m8 but promotes terrorism pls ban
76561198108812976,Recommended,239030,9605627,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Shrekt,"I take this game as an educational game for people who wanna work at these places, (in the future.)"
,Recommended,239030,7828244,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,tickler,"Great game. Perfect atmosphere. The graphics really put across the sense of misery and oppression, and the theme song puts across the facist, communistic power of Arstotzka. And the game itself is really fun. 9/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,239030,30172664,Posted: 25 February,all,Logocide,Short. Mildly entertaining. Bland replay value.
,Recommended,239030,34455036,Posted: 24 August,all,RetardBulion Jr.,Many ALLAHU AKBARS :D
,Recommended,239030,23690569,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,A Rather Slender Man™,Glory To Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,29798620,Posted: 9 February,all,▼ Glen,Communist poverty-stricken dystopian thriller
,Recommended,239030,13095304,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,BlazeItGrandma,"I failed, i went in debt,  i was imprisoned, then my family died.Glory to Aristrotska.11/10"
76561197994586670,Recommended,239030,22630037,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TOKOLOSE,"Глоры то Арстотзка*Get to work.*Denied everyone.*Man came with home made passport that says ""pre-aproved"".*Let the man in.*Denied everyone else.*Starve and freeze family to death.*Get in to debt.*Arested for deliquency.10/10 Would shout ""Glory to Arstotzka!"" again."
,Recommended,239030,11631461,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Shmoox,"This isnt just a boring game, it isnt all about checking right or wrong, it gets more complicated day by dayIt has a story and 20 something different endings so yeah...."
,Recommended,239030,27012786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bean,"I thought the game was okay all around, but I did feel that it was getting a tad tedious in the beginning, but I would still recommend it to a friend."
76561197997419024,Recommended,239030,13528769,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ns2000,Monotonous in a hypnotic way. I really got into it from the first moment.
,Recommended,239030,14064861,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,horizontal,welcome to my Arstotzka
76561198076453566,Recommended,239030,28472114,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Eaglesflight,"It's a very good job that this is set in 1982For example1982:>Passport says a girl is male"">""Excuse me, it says here you're male"">""Therefore I must be a male""2016:>Passport says a girl is male""Excuse me, it says here you're a male""""DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENDER""Thank god this game has avoided this."
76561198070250203,Not Recommended,239030,33005563,Posted: 29 June,all,Noah,"This game has a great artstyle, is very immersive, has a good sound track and interesting story. However the core gameplay I find stressful and not fun. Others may enjoy it, I don't."
76561198061442230,Not Recommended,239030,33062672,Posted: 30 June,all,King Cloth,"Don't usually write these but i figured this would be the exception. Lets start this review off by reviewing the people who comment on negative reviews of Papers Please. These are the most pretentious people ive ever met saying theres this great meaning to the game and ""oh you dont get it poor you"". That isnt to say the story line isnt fantastic. It really is but if youre getting this for the story line i highly suggest you just watch a lets play because this game gets redudant and as beaurucratic as real life real ♥♥♥♥in quick. Some of you may be into that i definitely am not. But as far as reviewing goes i just stick to pros and consPros-Interesting and new gameplay not something you see often at all-very compelling story sure its not the last of us but it does great for what it has-Wide variety of characters. Most you meet arent anyone special but theres a select few that really intrqigue you or make you laugh-Actual choices. You can decide whether someones life is altered in such a huge way and they all have their own reasons for entering. You can reunite families, save victims, or sabotage your own country. all depends how you play itCons-Graphics. im not expecting far cry 4 here people but if you require me facial recognition then have all 5 seperate forms of picture id have the same ♥♥♥♥ing face on them with all 10 pixels in the right places.-Settings and ease of access. Not sure if it was anyone else but after exiting the game properly no matter what i did the game would always default the music volume to its loudest level which at least in my headphones is deafeningly loud. Alt-tabbing requires you to resume play which i didnt expect from a windowed game like this. I went in with expectations of an easy to play game i can enjoy while doing other things on my computer.-Seemingly anti-fun at times? Beginning this game is not a large learning curve but it shoots upwards rapidly having you to memorize all the rules and regulations that come with the checkpoint, that ALSO change on a daily basis giving you more forms to fill out more dates to double check names fingerprints address ID codes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ facial recognition oh wait the filler dialogue is now important?♥♥♥♥ thisIn short if you love monotonous games that require a good memory constant attention and an alright story line then this is the game for you!If you're like me who already has a boring ♥♥♥♥ing job and wants to come home and enjoy his games this game is not."
76561197982113374,Not Recommended,239030,24022910,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lion-O,"Mixed feelings. Not great, not bad.I'm kind of torn on this game. I played it and enjoyed it, but I don't think it deserves quite the ratings it's getting. While its somewhat fun and has an intriguing story and the choice/consequence thing is done extremely well here, the bread and butter of the game play is extremely tedious. I find that I keep playing for the story and to see what will happen, but reluctantly because I don't actually enjoy the primary part of the game play, if feels like work. I work too much to play a video game that feels like work. But on the flip side, I'm glad I experienced this game, even if I only actually enjoyed it for a couple hours.Bottom line: Probably worth it on sale, if you want to pretend to be an immigration inspector for a few hours. But don't expect more than a few hours of enjoyable game play."
76561198006226433,Not Recommended,239030,29734038,Posted: 5 February,all,[WC] DragonArmy,"I assume for a certain perfectionist personality type this game could be entertaining and I was interested in the reviewers that commented on reflecting about how they noticed their attitudes changing, such as ""not caring for the characters personal stories as I continued playing.""While the story line intersted me for a short while, the game crashed twice and quickly became repetive.  The may be engaging to some--some may find an immediate reward after each successfuly player-character interaction, but I found the negativity in the game--such as only mistakes being pointed out--not engaging my reward instinct like it must with other players.  At one point I received $1000 and I knew I would lost it in a turn or two.  Fundementally I imagine this game hits a chord  for a personality type that desirs perfection, but ultimitly it lacks enough other strings to actually make the game engaging--I really gave it a chance!"
,Recommended,239030,31812744,Posted: 17 May,all,kool.kevin2006,Joins ServerGets Killed By 12yr old12 yr old says U SUCK ♥♥♥♥♥♥BY THE WAY I ♥♥♥♥ED UR MOM
,Recommended,239030,23857273,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Paxoy,My favorite Brexit Simulator
,Recommended,239030,9716372,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"Do you know Aerosmith? You know song ""Dude look like lady""? This game lot like that song. Dude look like lady. You ask if sure if dude. She reply, ""what is this question?"" You take porno picture and stare at dangly parts. Find out passport is correct. Dude is dude despite looking like lady. Then stamp NO on passport because you can do. Sell porno picture on computer. Black and white foto very trendy. Get high ruples. Like 2. Can also stamp no on passport if dude look like dude and you upset not look like lady. Very realistic. Goodest game ever. GOTY 20XX."
,Recommended,239030,28456627,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cookie.png,More like papers leaves Xdd dD XX DD DDXXXXXXXXDD DXXXDDD
,Recommended,239030,16977777,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Silent Bill,"System requirements:Operating System: Toaster OSHardware: at least 2 slots,plugged into a wall socket,set to 2 on the toaster dial"
,Recommended,239030,11609960,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Oman,"Wirklich gutes Spiel Ich liebe es zu spielen. 9,5 / 10, vergessen Sie Sie arbeiten!"
,Recommended,239030,20864416,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Yosh,such a good game so glad i got this
76561198008053127,Recommended,239030,15095111,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,dennis.danilov,"""Papers, please.""The game is clunky, and deliberately so. It may put you in the shoes of a bureaucrat, but it still manages to have moments that would leave you on the floor if it, if you weren't literally on the clock. Now, to be more...""Your entry ermit is expired.""DENIED""Next.""'DEATH TO ARSTOTZKA!'(drops off a live bomb)""What, more of this amateur♥♥♥♥♥♥?""(cuts a few wires, sweeps device under the counter)""Welcome to Arstotzka! Next!"""
,Recommended,239030,28702978,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,autistic_hippo,great for people who like to learn things
,Recommended,239030,13937196,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,himmatsj,"I bought this game with somewhat high expectations in the Dec 2014 Holiday Sale recently. It's been well-received, won numerous awards and what-not...so I thought let's give this a go.Overall though, I must say I am disappointed with my purchase. Papers, Please is ultimately  a ""spot the difference"" kind of game. You are an immigration official at the border. Your job is to compare pieces of info to find discrepancies, and if none are found let people through, and conversely, if any discrepancy is found, deny people entry into your state.I must heartily admit that while this premise sounds simple, it is actually very addicting. Gradually, things become more difficult and complex, and the length of the days increase. New rules are added, and they keep changing from day to day.However, ultimately the undoing I feel is the fact that this game is not random in nature. The progression is always the same. The special events are always the same. So while this game is made to be replayed, by the third playthrough, it's all boring.There are multiple endings, but many are similar actually. There are three ""main"" endings upon which you can be considered to have won the game.The narrative feels lacking as well. Graphics are incredibly limited. And the sound is really irritating.All things considered, this is nowhere near as great a game it is claimed to be. At least, that's how I feel. It's interesting and addicting for a while, that's for sure. You can probably get two playthroughs in before any kind of repetition sets in. I'm not entirely happy buying it, but I feel I did have some fun playing it and to not recommend it would be unfair. I say, buy this at a steep discount cause the mileage is limited."
76561198045141591,Not Recommended,239030,23534143,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Wolfhowl,"While I can see this game tries something interesting in letting you be an immigration inspector. Denying or accepting the people who wants to come in or through the country, it was a really horrible experience playing it, to the point where I won't finish it.The good thing is that it tries something different, and the idea of deciding who gets in or out depending on their information is fun. However it is way too punishing, as you live the life of a guy, who suffers an existence worse than slavery. When you are a slave all you do is sleep, eat, and work. Here you get to work and sleep, but can't be sure if you get to eat. So a positive point, I guess, it makes it more understandable why free people in ancient Greece and Rome would sell themselves into slavery. -.- At least then they got to eat in exchange for the work they did.""You must decide who can enter Arstotzka and who will be turned away or arrested."" I had expected that meant you got to decide, and that you would be judged based on what the people might do once in the country. But no. Accompanying you in the booth is an all knowing entity, that can instantly tell if you made a mistake. If the passport had an invalid issuing city, if the names didn't match, if it was expired, if the picture was wrong. Making your existence pointless. If they are able to instantly tell if I denied or accepted the wrong person, why the ♥♥♥♥ have an immigration inspector? Clearly the automated system works perfectly. I refuse to believe that in a low technologically advanced country, that they would be able to instantly know every mistake every single inspector makes.And because of this all knowing system, it doesn't become about choosing who to let in or out, since you get fined every time you don't follow protocol to the letter, or make a mistake. (Again if they can see every single slip up, what is the point of the job? It is not just a crap job, it is an utterly pointless one.) It becomes about working as fast as possible to check the information, opening up stupid info, and since you get paid based on the number of people you process you often have to gamble if looking something up simply takes too long with the small space you have to work with.I do think this game could be enjoyable, if the difficulty could be turned down a bit. So all the information you had to sort through could be on the screen at once, and you didn't have to look up or remember the things that were in the rule book about the different countries all the time, or if the time each day was longer, so you could get more people through.As it is, I would only recommend it to people that want to play games that feel more punishing than difficult. Or those that just want a game that tries something interesting, even if not enjoyable."
76561198254849211,Not Recommended,239030,32163305,Posted: 3 June,all,..,"TL;DR - Interesting for the first day or so, but quickly becomes monotonous.To simply put it, this game is just not fun. Admittingly, I was skeptic in the potential of this game from the trailer, but the almost 20,000 positive reviews and fewer than 800 negative reviews sold it to me. I was told that this game was going to be ""fun"" and ""replayable"", but it ended up being just the opposite.Essentially, you are a border patrol worker who must decide whether or not someone is allowed to come into Arstotzka. You must look through the rules, read over their passport, and then stamp Acceptance or Denial. When the day is over, you go home and pay for rent, food, heat, and occasionally medicine with your salary. After this, the next day starts and you do this all over again, with slightly different rules.The game sometimes throws in a few wildcards to retain your interest, but they aren't enough. For example, there was a girl who gave me a note, stating that if I didn't deny a certain persons entrance, she would be enslaved. While it did add a bit of interest into the game, trying to save her would only risk me losing my job; there was simply no benefits. So I easily just let the person she warned me against in and that was it. Back to the same old game from before.I kept on playing and playing, but the changes only made the game more complicated. Now you needed to listen to their reasons for coming in, search certain people, look through more documents, etc etc etc. All this did was make the game more frustrating when I missed the smallest of details. It became so monotonous that I ended up applying for a refund.I really don't understand why this game has so many positive reviews and so little negatives. It got boring quickly and has no replay value at all. In my opinion, it's not worth getting at all."
,Not Recommended,239030,33731380,Posted: 22 July,all,MegaYumi,"3.7/10 - Going-to-work simulator with 'How to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ expansion pack.I really like the premise of Papers, Please, and have read/heard good things. Overall i wasn't impressed, everything is just depressing, annoying and grinding. I get it, that is the foundation of the whole game, and a reflection of the darker parts of our world. But there are better ways to portray this sort of stuff. This War Of Mine is a good example.Ok so the gameplay is difficult to get your head around, but once you do, its difficult. There is alot going on at any one time, and not alot of time to do it. Calling refugees to the gate, checking the papers, cross-referencing anomalies, then questioning the person is a lot like work. There is no satisfaction to achiving a perfect score here.Visually the graphic choice here is appauling. I get the low-end, mock 'VGA on DOS' era vibe, but it is presented with little care and looks messy.Sound-wise, its ok. Not really much to comment on as the only music you hear is the initial theme music. The sound effects are ok. Cheap and nastly effects to fit the whole vibe of the game.Im not sure if this is a game. Not in terms of definition. I'm trying not to be too harsh, but im not being entertained, not gaining any achivement or insight. Im definately not having fun. What i am doing, is work. Choosing to do work. Choosing to askew my own moral compas to do a job I dont really want to do, to help my family survive. I could just not play."
,Not Recommended,239030,32588818,Posted: 20 June,all,zotoh,"Its uniqueness grows far less charming after you've played the game for 20 minutes.Despite some clever social commentary and funny lines, the core of the game is simply too boring to be worth playing. It basically comes down to a ""spot the difference"" game that you repeat over and over again. Not only is it mechanically boring, but it's difficult to get invested in the story (not that there is much of one).You need to perform your job well enough that the government doesn't suspect you of incompetence or corruption, while making enough money to support yourself and your family. That means you have to decide when to take bribes, when to mercifully overlook discrepancies for some poor citizens, etc. Unfortunately, the game gives you no reason to care about any of these people. Even your family is simply represented as a status bar in between spot the difference games. The first time I played they all starved to death, and I wasn't too broken up about it given that my family isn't even in the game as characters.Overall, unless spot the difference is something you have a fierce passion for, skip this game."
,Recommended,239030,20298356,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DrDRA,Trading card steamulator 9\10
76561198137304252,Not Recommended,239030,31143442,Posted: 14 April,all,ImTheOdd1,honestly needs to be 5$ to be worth itso no4/10
76561198064643809,Recommended,239030,28462140,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hobo Misanthropus,"It isn't Crytek Powered 4k Resolution 144FPS graphical showcases that make PC gaming great. It's titles like this, games that would be laughed out of a board room the moment ""Document Thriller"" was uttered.An idea so flawlessly executed, it doesn't just stand up as a fun game with all the dank ""Glory to Arstotzka"" memes the internet can make, but as a testament to the medium's capacity to connect with the consumer on an emotional level.Buy it, if you don't like it, there's something seriously wrong with you and you need a psychological evaluation."
76561198113234204,Not Recommended,239030,34890590,Posted: 11 September,all,Campy,dont waste your time or money. good for 5 hours. just watch someone on youtube play it save your cash.
,Not Recommended,239030,35274955,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,gets repetitive
76561198118680079,Not Recommended,239030,28920275,Posted: 1 January,all,Gorbzilla,"Seemed interesting at first but its actually quite boring, feels like you're actually working."
76561198062946132,Not Recommended,239030,28960209,Posted: 2 January,all,Rainsbow,Meh.
,Recommended,239030,29718809,Posted: 5 February,all,|-/ youdontknowwhatthatmeans,Dank
,Recommended,239030,28658530,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pastyness,12123
76561198051484615,Not Recommended,239030,29262503,Posted: 14 January,all,drspock11,"While I give this game props for being original- there's nothing else like it I've ever seen- I just didn't find it very fun. It's a game that simulates the menial job of rifling through documents to make an educated guess as to their authenticity.Except- why would you want to spend your time doing menial, joyless tasks? Beats me."
,Recommended,239030,11614338,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Asphalt,Rating: 7.5 out of 10Genre: RTSThoughts:
76561198178089637,Recommended,239030,29730258,Posted: 5 February,all,natzianimer,Hello i Loganpogan9 i EZIC
,Recommended,239030,3199982,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Anime Avatars Get Blocked,"Played for 2 hours to die from a bomb with permadeath. ♥♥♥♥ you game.9/10, not bad"
,Recommended,239030,28621780,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PeterTheSkeeter,Pro:-Very satisfying paper work-Touch of humor-Spectactular story-Good graphics-Having my family from too many citationsCons:-The game thinks there is 2 genders10/10 would let my family die from validating people who identify themselfs as another gender.
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,239030,23642510,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Finger,Stress city in my honest opinion. Not my cup of tea.
76561198016129633,Recommended,239030,14496472,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,One of the best indie games I've played and quite an unique simulator. The game at certain points tests your personality. The game is also quite challenging.
,Not Recommended,239030,29024409,Posted: 4 January,all,Goyo,"The difficulty level of this game is aweful, unplayable. I don't want to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so my family can stand the winter..."
76561198038700402,Not Recommended,239030,28685621,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nexuo1,"I got bored pretty quickly, sorry to say,"
76561198087103614,Not Recommended,239030,29866132,Posted: 11 February,all,Plausible,does not launch for me idk why. anyone could help that would be great.
,Not Recommended,239030,32047766,Posted: 29 May,all,Quazar,"If you need another boring office job, this is for you. Comparing daily instructions with a bunch of documents and general rules within a time limit is not my imagination of a good game."
76561198294647437,Not Recommended,239030,32114874,Posted: 1 June,all,BrianHansen,I was very excited to play this game. But it was no good.
,Not Recommended,239030,30503175,Posted: 14 March,all,bAllu,Kinda stiff.6/10
,Not Recommended,239030,28490065,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,miniman3904,not as fun
,Not Recommended,239030,29435861,Posted: 22 January,all,sadmin 3D,"Honestly, it's sort of boring for the most part and I wouldn't generally recommend it. It's look and feel are quite intriguing , though."
,Not Recommended,239030,31182770,Posted: 16 April,all,Revolver_Samuel,"Not all that good.Boring and menial.Art style is appropriate for the era and I guess atmosphere if you want to call it that, very bland.It's kind of like what I would think a trip to North Korea would be like, not a lot to see or do and if you ♥♥♥♥ up your tossed in the pit till they can ransom you off or harvest your organs.Side quests are hard to pick up on."
76561198028638091,Not Recommended,239030,28682478,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,* SwiftBlade *,"This game haves an interesting concept but more sooner than later you wil get so bored of it. I think that 1 usd would be the fair price for this game. You get around 2-4 hours of fun, after that is a repeat boredom"
,Not Recommended,239030,29290524,Posted: 15 January,all,matt.rabski,"If there were a Meh catergory thats what I would rate this.This game is a great simulation of having this monotous job, at first it's kind of fun and interesting but as the game goes on it gets routine.  If the game is on sale it is worth it to try, but by the last fifth of the game roughly I was pretty bored of it and just beat it to say I finished it.  Plenty of endings, and I got one of the real ones, but something about this game made me really not care about the choices I made to either fight the government or obey."
,Not Recommended,239030,34051921,Posted: 5 August,all,Big Boss,"This game is extremely tedious, repetitive, and overall boring. Makes me glad I'm not a border security guard in real life orelse I'd probably end up shooting myself."
,Recommended,239030,30278316,Posted: 2 March,all,Kielbaka,this game is gay
,Recommended,239030,23391592,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mr grips,"LOL I can tell your a good ol' boy lolol!! *laughs and hi-fives you*edit: wth??????? *stares in disbelief at comment score* Seriously over a hundred people don't like someone bein nice so they go all the way as far as to downvote them... I need to go back to imgur, this site just sucks. Misoginistic neckbearded gameing nerds.edit2: fml why is this happening I'm being genuine an nice!edit3: I HOPE A BIRD ♥♥♥♥♥ ON ALL YOU ♥♥♥♥IN 300 PPLS HEADS!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198145619401,Not Recommended,239030,28775673,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Anotak,"I don't get it.  If you go fast you make mistakes and you lose.  If you go slow you don't make enough money and you lose.I was still interested on my second play through when I tripled the # of days I survived, but still ended up with the same ending as my first playthrough (ran out of money).Has potential.  Love the music."
,Not Recommended,239030,24031830,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dingoes8MeBabies,"Most people get paid for doing work this tedious.In an ideal version of this game, I would have helped those in line murder the border guards and just let everyone through. I would also just let my family die, as my family are not actually real people, but words arranged in a column on the right hand side of the screen.My first foray into video games was an IBM 286 with 512k of RAM, so the one thing I do appreciate about this game is its graphics, which were obviously inspired by mid-late 80s PC gaming. The fonts and character portraits are top notch.There is also a great irony to this game, that perhaps the maker intended, and that is: Without the types of people who derive joy and satisfaction from the tasks that must be undergone in this game, the type of cold totalitarian regime portrayed in this game would never be possible in the first place. Not only that, but these same types of people further perpetuate the brutality of such regimes, by systematically downvoting...um...I mean helping the state squander all opposition to its rule.Down with Arstotzka!"
,Not Recommended,239030,24346091,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,BJJfrog,"With all the praise for this game, I thought it would be interesting, fun and at least a good way to pass the time.Nope. It's boring. It's slow, checking papers is as dull as you'd expect, and managing your lacklustre finances is about as fun as doing a poor person's taxes.Clearly lots of people like this game but I don't."
76561197970336117,Not Recommended,239030,19583541,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dr Harolds Chipvan,"I write this to say ""it is not for me"" - not to say it is bad... as such.It felt like a somewhat frustrating office job quite quickly. Initially I was proud/satisfied that I did it right,  a little annoyed that I got something wrong, but after only 4 hours it felt like work - getting it right made me very marginally satisfied, getting a couple wrong just made me frustrated, the solution to problems (rather than coming up with a plan or coming up with a satisfying learned solution) was simply ""remember more"" - it felt like a memory test, and my memory isn't great.The humour is fairly good, the atmosphere/retro thing is fine/good too, so is the interaction with the equipment/limited desk space - I also like that the creator of this game has got great reviews and sold a lot of copies because it is innovative and encourages/persuades people to try new themes without being horrendously intimidated by big budget, but in the end, I'm bored of this after 4 hours."
76561198069650691,Not Recommended,239030,23740791,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Avengeful_Fox,"This game is not for everyone.I know there's an interesting plot in there but, frankly, I sucked at the puzzle elements (deciding who was and wasn't allowed in and junk) so I never got very far."
,Not Recommended,239030,20266771,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,H.U.N.K.,"Although this game has so many positive reviews I cannot reccomend it to someone who is looking for a fun game to play. While the game started out enjoyable enough with checking for a few discrepencies among the citizens' documents, it quickly became a chore. Every new regulation made me groan and the fun I was having at the beginning quickly dissipated as the game became work to me. While it seems that many enjoy this challenge, I simply did not."
,Not Recommended,239030,24068433,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shining_Falcon,"Note: Trying to be fair in my assessment.The concept is brilliant. The subtle changes in passports, ID cards, and entry tickets can lead to some very minute errors that can cost employment, income, or family stability. Applying that to a game is extremely impressive with superb execution (quite literally in some cases). I even drew a few comparisons to certain countries during certain period films/ TV dramas.However, I lacked the capacity to enjoy it. I am ""currently"" looking for an engaging title for a number of hours. This just doesn't fit the bill for me. It's less fun and more food for thought and soul.I send my compliments to the developer for making a great titles and bringing it to Steam, but I'm giving this one a pass.Sincerely and honestly,~RB"
,Not Recommended,239030,28565508,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SHOOT TO ILL,"Its not a bad game, its a nice concept and well worked out too.If you want to know how it plays, what to do and what the goal is; read some other players review.I can't help but find this game boring, so i can not recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,30802703,Posted: 28 March,all,hey its joley,This game represents what America is going to be like while Donald Trump is president. Denying every ♥♥♥♥er who isn't from USA
,Not Recommended,239030,33705381,Posted: 21 July,all,ReaganRules,"Too Confusing and not fun. I ended up just playing it for a half hour, then returning it to steam."
76561198150910877,Not Recommended,239030,24351195,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,CheluNeb1,"It's original but boring and repetitive.You have to verify all the documents according to the daily rules. I didn't even got far enough to reach the highest class because is actually hard to verify many citizens in such short time, without missing a detail.It can be useful if you plan to have a job as a document controller :D"
,Not Recommended,239030,34650815,Posted: 31 August,all,God Save The Ping,uhhhhhh its kinda boring
76561198121046115,Not Recommended,239030,23421343,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Simon McNamara,I become a tree surgeon after this
,Not Recommended,239030,20389818,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Panzram,"I want to reccomend this game SO BAD!Unfortunately there are multiple game play bugs that prevent me. Do a quick google search and you will find multiple instances of screenshots verifying. You pass a imigrant with 100% matching info, than receive a violation. Multiple players have taken video and screenshot evidence to confirm this. I could understand if there was a roleplaying aspect to the game where you were punished arbitrarily even though you were correct in the game mechanics and still failed due to the pernicious nature of the regime you work for. However, no such mechanic has been disclosed. If either the developer admits this mechanic is intentional or the bug is patched, I would LOVE to change my vole to Recommend."
76561197994190576,Not Recommended,239030,25055810,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Malefice,I don't really understand what all the fuss is about. It continues to get great reviews but sadly I just found it dull :(
,Not Recommended,239030,20039222,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ахзурс,"Pay to go to work in my own home on my own computer? Yeah, no thanks. I wanted a game, not work..."
,Not Recommended,239030,24041566,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lil Broomstick,"This is a very fun game if you just try to have fun and not worry too much about how fast you process people.But I find that it's not worth the money and let me explain why:There are 20 different endings to this game (some of them are boring and happen in the middle of the game) so there are only a few interesting endings that actually happen at the end of the 31 days in story mode. It's fun to play story mode for the first time but when you want to get a different ending you have to play through it all again. Now here's a plot twist, I don't mind playing through the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game again since I like it so much! But I feel like 99% of people wouldn't want to do that. So just watch some playthroughs on YouTube or something because it is a very cool game.So only buy this game if:1. It's on sale2. You really, really want to experience it yourself3. You don't mind being in ""stress city"" as some people would call it"
76561198025730569,Not Recommended,239030,21381403,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Antanca,"I really wanted to like this game but I just don't.If checking little details on papers repeatedly to make sure they match up with little details on other papers and then being told you missed something anyways appeals to you, then this is probably the game for you.If you like doing a good job, getting everything right and managing not to miss any small details, and then being told that your son and wife just died anyways appeals to you then this game is definitely for you.If you like having your work day randomly cut short by a terrorist attack that you can do absolutely nothing to prevent, shorting your salary and causing you to have no heat in your apartment appeals to you then this game is probably for you.My main regret is that I waited a really long time to start playing this after I bought it so I can't get a refund."
76561198160481268,Recommended,239030,29707241,Posted: 4 February,all,Darkborne,"I, have a dream, a dream... to keep illegals out of my forsaken country.10/10 would not pay tax money for mexican families again."
,Not Recommended,239030,16442258,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,exanimo.tw,Have you ever dreamt about working in immigration while waiting in line for admittance into a different country?Neither have I.
76561198055460156,Not Recommended,239030,24900268,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Item 61,"It's funny, and fun to play for a while, but gets difficult - and boring - very fast.If you're interested in the game or the references occasionally made to, it might be simpler, and certainly cheaper, to just watch a let's play or a playthrough. You'll get more or less the same thing out of it that you would from the game, without having to do all the tedious busywork that otherwise makes up the gameplay.If you really want it, get it while it's on sale. This game is not worth 10$."
76561198097711885,Recommended,239030,22368217,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ｌｉｌ　ｂｕｄｄｈａ,lol if donald trump gets elected this game won't be relevant
76561198073128187,Not Recommended,239030,13839754,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,$TD,"Wtf, why is this game so well reviewed. It is tediously boring, uneventful, repetitive, and barely humorous. The game lacks direction, fun gameplay, and interesting storyline. 2/10"
76561198036505921,Not Recommended,239030,17071944,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ichabod_scream,"At the risk of going against popular opinion and being hauled off to the Gulag, i really didn't like this game.  Personally, i feel it is highly overrated.  The game is absolutely monotonous.  You do the same thing day after day and after a while, you really do feel like a wage slave in an oppressive government.  Overall, boring and depressing.  Try it if it's on sale and you really want to hate your life."
76561198068060941,Not Recommended,239030,15625928,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,roccafortemike,"This game proved to be more tedious than fun. As an immigration Inspector, the premise of the game is to check prospective emigrants' paperwork for defects and inconsistencies. As the game goes on, you are charged with enforcing ever-more complicated rules. The chief problem is that the entire game is done under extreme time pressure--you have a set amount of time each ""game day"" to process as many applications as possible.You earn money when you correctly process an application, and get penalized when you incorrectly admit or deny someone. At the end of each game day, you must pay a set of expenses to keep your family alive and healthy (ex., rent, food, heat, etc.). If you ever run out of money, you automatically lose the game. But as the game goes on and the rules you must enforce become more and more complex, the game grows ever more tedious. Trying to process as many applications as I could without making mistakes, without wasting undue time, etc., made Papers, Please more stressful than fun to play. I couldn't appreciate the (admittedly, often creative) content, because I was CONSTANTLY under the pressure of an unforgiving clock. At least it only cost me $10."
76561197987461315,Not Recommended,239030,9691226,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Frost00,Interesting theme. got boring fast like my real life job.
,Not Recommended,239030,11974015,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,AHH QUIETUS,"I love the style and art of this game, however, this isn't so much a 'game' as it is a 'job'. And I already have a job, and they pay me. This game doesn't. If the dev's start paying me I will recommend this job."
,Not Recommended,239030,16151670,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ハクサロ,"Everyone jumps on the hype train for this game claiming it's some lost forsaken art form, but it really isn't a game. It's a paperwork simulator. If you want a paperwork simulator, try Paper's Please."
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,239030,14523212,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,overrated tedious not fun
76561198031713790,Not Recommended,239030,20512978,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,I'M ONA BOOOOAT!!!,"Interesting idea, boring gameplay.The gameplay instructions are unclear and its very easy to lose the game early on."
,Not Recommended,239030,11711367,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Succulent,This game makes me feel like a total moron while forcing me to keep playing and making me feel guilty when I get anything wrong.I killed my son because I didn't stamp enough papers.0/10 Too realistic
76561198151470751,Not Recommended,239030,14198391,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nautred,"I had some fun at the beginning of the game, but that quickly just faded away. There are some nicely done jokes and implemented elements, but nonetheless this game is just freaking slow. It just feels like as if it takes ages to do things and you can't just skip stuff. I can only recommend this game when you're listening to music while you need something to do."
,Not Recommended,239030,16725345,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,KingWeir,"Don't get me wrong this is a really interestin game idea and some people might actually love it and play it for ages....but for me.... theres just not enough there to keep me interested... as well as being too annoyin tryin to figure out who has the right papers, grrrr....always miss something....so for me personally this goes down as a watch a good utuber video series based on this game."
76561198062972690,Not Recommended,239030,20048216,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TriggerWarning595,"Its ok for the first run, but overall the actual gameplay is way too dull"
,Not Recommended,239030,10740394,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Forgewolf,It's not bad.. just isn't worth $10.. I couldn't see myself paying more than $2-$3 for this game. Its pretty much Black and White what you do in this game
,Not Recommended,239030,14259530,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,alison,"I love the setting. I love the concept. I love the graphics and the whole vibe of the thing. Unfortunately the gameplay gets repetitive too quickly. It's worth a download if you want to see something original and unique, but as far as filling an evening goes, there are many other games that just feel more satisfying."
76561198017681447,Not Recommended,239030,20710439,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"Papers, Please is a nice original game, but unfortunately is not my cup of tea, I found myself enjoying it to begin with but after a while it did start to get repetitive and became more of a choir than enjoyment. I love the setting, music and concept but just couldn’t bring myself to play it any more after my fist run. I know a lot of people have rated it highly and can understand why but for me it just didn’t find much fun out of it, sorry."
,Not Recommended,239030,29016497,Posted: 4 January,all,Noobarific,honselty would you even call this a game? I returned it after 30 minutes of play time because it is so boring... I would not recommend this game. I bought initially due to all the reviews but was not impressed.
76561198098607812,Not Recommended,239030,28931169,Posted: 1 January,all,Heff Heff,had to un-install steam in order to play... currently waiting 15+ hours to re-install games. Not Worth
,Not Recommended,239030,20436278,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lex,its gay
76561198142195723,Not Recommended,239030,29390418,Posted: 20 January,all,Hungerkid,"I didnt like this very much. All you do is check passports and keep your family alive. I tryed it, was not very fun."
,Not Recommended,239030,33049813,Posted: 30 June,all,Thottle,The gameplay is horrible but the story and sh*t is good
,Not Recommended,239030,13650738,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Castille,If you want to become a boring depressed human being then this for you.
,Not Recommended,239030,12220697,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,redp,"Unless you enjoy rapid fire puzzle games, don't buy this game. The gameplay mostly consists of checking documents for minor differences in a quick fashion. This review is not to state that the game is bad -- more that this author does not particularly enjoy this type of game."
,Not Recommended,239030,13533161,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Diffskey,"Pros:+Some humor+Mild fat lady nudity for you BBW weirdosCons:-Music (Only 1 or 2 (horrible) tracks)-Voice acting (None, but forgivable for a indie/retro style game)-Gamplay repetitive-""Endings"" consist of a few sentences, and are usually just depressing and serve only to highlight your failures-You aren't being paid for doing a boring job people actually do in real lifeReview may change, as I will give the game some more time. 2.2 hours in I feel like I'm working an actual job playing this game.  Game doesn't seem to change much. The things you have to check get more complex, but the setting and rewards don't. The family management is pretty lame, all you do is check boxes and struggle to keep people that you don't even actually see alive and well. It appears more mechanics are introduced from the screens on the store page but the game is so tedious it really doesn't incentivise you to stay with it long enough to enjoy them. I'm glad i only paid a few bucks during a sale, however at this point in time I really don't think it was even worth it.TL;DR:If the Dev wanted to immerse you in a depressing, tedious, Soviet-esque TSA simulator, they've succeeded.P.S.♥♥♥♥ spell check"
76561198035614747,Not Recommended,239030,20692820,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,RadarCDN,"Decent enough game, but loses it's charm by Day 16. This is due to the game being over complicated by this time, and having quite a few coding/recognition bugs. The Devs didn't seem to realize that most human can only keep up to 7 things in working memory at any given time, and going over that means rolling the dice and hoping you got your decision right. This abuse of short term memory leads to irritating headaches.The game puts time constraints on you to process as many immigrants as possible, but penalizes you for incorrectly dealing with them (no pay, more than two screw ups leads to increasing fines). This is fine, but made worse by having to remember a boat load of information. Trying to get information out of the UI is a pain, because of how ugly, cramped and buggy things get.Like other reviewers have stated, this game stops being fun and instead becomes a chore to get through, thanks to a clunky UI and cramped documents screen. The artifical difficulty early on; no hot keys or tabs for specific pages in your log book, serves to frustrate the player even more, and even when you get the option to use these features, they're still clunky and awkward to use. Replayability is non-existent, given how tedious the gameplay can get. Twenty endings is nice and all, but if your game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to operate, then don't expect me to stick around and experience them all, when a simple LP on youtube could suffice.Wait until it goes on sale: If this were the olden days of video store rentals, I'd say rent it and exchange if you don't enjoy it. But those days are gone, and purchases are permanent past two hours. When the game only last six hours, and you could get a game rental for $10 a week back in the day, you realize that $10 dollars for Papers Please is too much."
76561198039945492,Not Recommended,239030,20417496,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,saki,"As far as game design goes, this one's pretty novel. There's a lot of reading to be done, in a pixelated font whose charm quickly wears out. I really like how various scenarios overlap over the days, but it also contributes to the tedious-by-definition life of the immigration officer.Am I happy I got the game? Hmm. It was on sale, so my wallet is not too hurt, but if it were not, I would be much more disappointed."
,Not Recommended,239030,9621545,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,gjac,I really can't understand why so many people like this game. To me it doesn't even feel like a game but like work. A totally annoying type of work. So I spent 4.49 € just to satisfy my curiosity. Maybe I should be less curious. ;-)
76561198006890939,Not Recommended,239030,13683476,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,kev.m.p,Interesting idea. But kind of boring and tedious after an hour or two. I can't imagine why I would play this game again.
76561198056898675,Not Recommended,239030,13176770,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Tahm,"Waste of money, it's more entertaining to watch playthroughs on youtube to be honest."
76561198069177923,Not Recommended,239030,31030554,Posted: 8 April,all,Prowler477,"Never really grabbed my attention. Felt too much like work and not really like a game. The act of making sure everything is right on a document seems like an interesting exercise in power like the TSA, but to me I felt bored. Does simulate the the document checking well and makes it easier to relate to peevish TSA agents, you basically become one. This game was not fun for me so I cannot recommend it."
76561197990713947,Not Recommended,239030,23803999,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The_Awesome_O,"Buy it if you feel like working a tedious, repetitive, stressful and unpaid job in your free time."
,Not Recommended,239030,15882505,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Snuggles,"I want to recommend this game. The style, tone, and concept are all so rare and well executed. The problem for me is quite simple, even if you are good at spotting errors, and adapting to new variables; the gameplay is too rough to allow for anything other than precise execution.Basically, it is clumsy as mess to move papers around, to stamp things, and the way time flows is often difficult to predict and pin down. While in theory this should create even more tension, it often feels like I am failing not because of my abilities, but the game's ability to communicate my actions.After half an hour it didn't feel like it was going to get any less clumsy, and rather than the dread the game evokes in many people, I wasn't getting invested or feeling like I was under a police state, I felt like I was playing a poorly optimized game."
76561198102402482,Not Recommended,239030,12375791,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,geekyskittles,"I'm not a fan of the game, but I appreciate it stepping out of the norm and trying something new. Its quite short, very difficult and very depressing. It truly captures a grey, oppressive soviet atmosphere and while playing this game you become absorbed in your character, mindlessly stamping and detaining. You find yourself slowly losing your individuality, compassion and your will to live. It is monotonous and soul draining and the sort of game that you wish you could return once you're done with it.If you are looking for something truly different, out of the norm and feel like playing russian roulette with your wallet, then this is the game for you. If not, AVOID."
76561198063617030,Not Recommended,239030,14974735,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheAmazingSOB,"I want to like this game, and there's a lot to like about it: the grainy graphics that characterize the bleak mood of the game, the subtle choice of words that brings the so-not-communist-Russia world to life...If you can get past what may be most poorly explained (let alone implemented) controls I've ever encountered (and I played Silent Hill and Resident Evil back in their primes), then there's a good game with a lot of heart to be enjoyed. The game was simply too clunky for my taste, so I can't recommend it, but I certainly still respect it."
,Not Recommended,239030,13827061,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Blue Ram,Game is fun. Mini but a lot of fun.But the controls spoil it all.You may need to refer to a walkthrough for control before you start to play. You'll need it.How can a game includes no tutorial or whatsoever to play the game?
,Not Recommended,239030,12333524,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Oerwinde,"Sucks you in at first but is extremely punishing and the difficulty curve is extremely steep. After about 2 hours of playing it just starts to feel like work rather than a game. Its not fun, and therefore fails as a game."
76561198068218003,Not Recommended,239030,24787586,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,tankfun652,Not for people with dyslexia. LOL I'M TERRIBLE
76561198099141430,Not Recommended,239030,19948747,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Advanced Hand Sanitizer,This game literally feels like you are at work.... not my type of game.
76561198137545511,Not Recommended,239030,19911798,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Animal Slices (spooky),"I hate to be this guy, but i classify this game as 'unfun'. i didnt even get very far in and i was already stacking things on the small space i had and constantly checking back and forth to make sure the papers were correct and whatnot. it, as some others have put it, feels like work. i would do this if i was getting pain money. I dont know, maybe this is fun for other people? i just found tedious-ness in it. oh and as for the story, im sure there's some there, but i was so busy 'working' i didnt hear any of it."
76561197994753759,Not Recommended,239030,12383742,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,robdoggiii,"A novel idea and unusual and stark setting, but honestly it gets boring after awhile..."
,Not Recommended,239030,31188500,Posted: 16 April,all,Prospero666,"If I wanted to be stressed out at work, I would have stayed at work. I can't see any reason someone would play this game. Did I miss something? Reminds me of one of those terrible games that were supposed to be funducational in school... they only worked because you had nothing better to do."
76561198233816936,Not Recommended,239030,24106369,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nath,"This game is fun , for around 20 mins then its just tipical i would suggest this game for people with a bad pc that cant run anything else i would rate this a 4/10"
,Not Recommended,239030,18991235,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Elthar,"STAY AWAY if you're already depressed.""Sarcasm served cold""? Oh, please... If this game is a political satire, then 40 minutes of playing that satire is plenty for me and I'd rather take those 40 minutes of my life and my money back. There is something hypnotic in the tediousness of stamping passports, I'll give it that, but the whole gameplay is made to show the player how they fail, sooner rather than later. This game IS about fail. The rules change every 5 minutes and the game is designed in such a way that you cannot follow them all, so the fail is imminent, you just get to see if you failed sooner or later. Probably sooner. Honestly I don't know why this game has so many raving reviews. ""Dwarf Fortress"" gameplay is supposedly about fail too, but I got plenty of fun with it. With this game? None at all. I'd rather play something that gives me good emotions, not pulls me into a dark pit filled with despair."
,Not Recommended,239030,13602738,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Daedhart,"A lot of people enjoy this game...I dont. You have to juggle either handling the extremely inefficient work space, memorizing a bunch of meaningless facts, or even keeping a physical facts sheet on hand because the user interface is paint-thinner-drinking awfulness. Every time that stupid pink citation inevitably gets printed out, I end up yelling random obscenities at the top of my lungs or punching my chair. The game is nothing but garment-tearing frustration mixed with mouse-only interfacing at its worst.In the end, its a cute concept, but nothing beyond that...a ""concept"" game at best, cause for my high blood pressure at worst. Ill send the developer my medical bills..."
76561197967098692,Not Recommended,239030,16709493,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ctrl The Alt Dlt,"3 / 5Such a hard game to review...on one hand it can be strangely fun, but on the other hand many aspects come across so poorly you wonder if they were conscience design choices and even if they were, WTF!?Playing as a border crossing guard, you are given money for the number of people that are permitted to into the country and docked pay for those you allow in that should be turned away. At the end of the day you go home to your family who slowly freezes, starves, and gets ill as the game progresses. The intent is, do your job well enough and you can keep your family (mostly) alive and eventually move them out of the country. Don't, and you fail in a variety of different ways.Possessing extremely simple graphics, sound, FX, and story means this game must stand heavily on gameplay elements. To that end, ""Papers, Please"" revolves around its simple ""point and click"" interface, forcing the player to review stacks of constantly changing ""papers"" to determine whether the person trying to gain admittance to your border crossing booth is permitted entry or not. If this sounds boring, it isn't...at least at first. For the first 30 minutes or so the game is a fun ""spot the thing that doesn't belong game"" with a few characters that liven up the experience (the guy trying to come into the country with a hand drawn passport was priceless).The problem comes as they ramp up the difficulty. Rules for admittance change on a daily basis in response to regional activities and new control schemes are introduced along with them. It starts by first introducing new documents to look over and quickly gets into full body searches, interrogations, etc. However, many of these new mechanics are barely mentioned and even less so demonstrated. On one hand (speaking as a person whose worked in bureaucratic agencies for too long now) this accurately portrays how most top level directives are given and thus realistically uses gameplay to mimic real life...on the other hand its frustrating as hell. And just when you start to think you get a handle on the new items to look for they throw in a random thing like person gender being wrong, expiration date, etc that make you feel like an absolute moron for not catching the mistake. And mistakes you will make...and be caught for every single violation. This does create a palpable sense of anger at ""the man"" and feelings of hopelessness as you and your family suffer the results of your ineptitude, but in the end made me wonder if they can always catch my screw ups, why can't they just screen the border themselves?!In the end, the game has an interesting premise and does well in conveying some aspects of life, but I have to seriously question if I consider this ""fun"". To those looking for and/or good at ""spotting the thing that is wrong"" this game is definately for you. Otherwise, I'd say pass."
76561197970656426,Not Recommended,239030,9599892,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Nimeous,"This game  comes with no instruction, whatsoever. I'm not looking for a tutorial, nor a walkthrough -  Just a quick, concise, pop-up to tell you what the point of it all is.The objective, obviously, is to identify discrepancies in papers that are presented. Fine. But there is no guide as to what these discrepancies are. The ""scanning tool"" in the game is a joke. I could not find any way to make it actually work, leaving me annoyed and frustrated and upset.To make things worse, you are playing against the clock. So, you end up scrabbling, uselessly clicking on dormant boxes, hoping to figure out what the hell is going on before your time runs out.Even when you do have a clue what you are looking for, it is all so painfully obtuse that it ceases to be a game. And the prospect of losing any understanding of what I was doing while yet another game play mechanic is arbitrarily imposed on me......well, let me put it this way. I DON'T live in a dystopian dictatorship where I have to put up with that kind of nonsense.Art. Not a game.A fine idea. But not one to play.This is a fine piece of art. It is fine social commentary. But it is awful to play.And, sure, maybe it gets better as you play it. But. frankly, life is too short to mind-read the maker of the game."
,Not Recommended,239030,10791573,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ninelion,"InPapers, Please, you are a hapless, hopeless Arstotzkan, forced to continually work at a boring, menial job for very little reward, being penalized for minor infractions and never quite having enough to keep your family fed, warm and healthy. So, essentially, something like the fringes of Russia crossed with every terrible desk job you can think of.As an unhappiness simulator, it's top-notch. As an enjoyable game, not so much. The art is lovely, and I appreciate that the point of the game is to capture that Eastern European bleakness and force you into a moral corner - but seriously, it just makes for a pretty dull game, especially at the beginning before any kind of plot kicks in. (I'm sure there must be a plot there somewhere, but I gave up after the first few days.)Plus, I personally found the controls really clunky - why couldn't some of the functions be assigned to keys? Why can't I just keep the drawer with the stamps open? If the devs were trying to make me just as bored and frustrated as my character must have been, then they succeeded, but they failed at making me want to actually continue playing the game.If you're really patient with details-checking, really into gulags, or don't mind your whole family dying of illness while you claw your way to the top of the border-patrol career ladder, buy this game. Otherwise, maybe look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,239030,12393954,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Luxury Yacht,"As a person with low vision, this game was impossible to play. Noticing every mistake is made harder with the nearly illegible art style, and the worst thing was mistaking someone's gender because again, the art style is completely incomprehensible. Even without these issues, I couldn't imagine this being fun, then again, I doubt this is meant to be fun, so you have to ask yourself why you'd want to play it."
,Not Recommended,239030,13903227,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ruffus Jubei,"Basically a time-management game like Cooking Frenzy or whatever is out there these days. Poor, hidden choices with no bearing on ""story"" (or lack-there-of). Not worth the binary it's delivered on. Pass."
,Not Recommended,239030,11848544,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,gcbeehler5,Game is really slow and really boring.
76561198132543262,Not Recommended,239030,20341919,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Albania,"Meh , kinda boring"
,Not Recommended,239030,21851868,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Maddie,"This is not a good game. It's horribly boring, there's nothing to do except skim through a given set of rules for each visa you have to approve and see if you should approve it or not. The game apparently has a story but I was too bored out of my mind to do anything after half an hour of gameplay. There's nothing interesting to hook you in, even the color pallette of the game is dark, dull and boring. I regret buying this game. Don't buy it unless you have the patience of a saint. It's not at all worth the price it retails for."
76561198083888306,Not Recommended,239030,20228031,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dbyers,"This game has wayyy tooo much awkward clicking that makes the simplist of tasks hard to perform.  ex. pick up doc one, pick up doc two. pull out stamps, put doc one on desk, postion it just right under stamp, stamp doc,  put stamps away, pick up doc two, give doc one back to person, give doc two back to person, ect ect. Extremeley frustrating, The 'desk' should be streamline so I can inspect the documents and send them on their way. The awkward controls really detract from the story line if you ask me. Also, not everything in the game is explained, and I had to constantly keep pausing the game and googling how to perform basic functions, ex. how to interrogate or how to send a person without papers on their way, even further distracting me from actual game play."
,Not Recommended,239030,20106942,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Uke_Lei_Lei,"I reeeeaaallllyy wanted to like this game but it's only fun for a short amount a time.  I only played for 3 hours, so I don't know if this is a good review to go about buying it or not.  The game didn't feel like a game, and I know that the game goes for the scenerio where you work, earn little money, and your family needs taking care of along with rent, if you don't go against the rules of course to get extra money.  So I guess it is supposed to feel like work, but to be honest, when I was spending my time playing other games and I would think, ""Should I play Papers, Please?"", after playing it, i wasn't very satisfied.  The story was of interest to me, so I most likely will watch someone else play this on YouTube, because it is edited down and it will get straight to the point, but gameplay wise, it's boring.  I bought this on sale, I'm happy I did, or else I would be extremely upset over a waste of money."
76561198025959438,Not Recommended,239030,13721056,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Darius,"And this game is supposed to be funny?!?!? Stuopid, annoying and frustating.One the worst game I've ever played.Spare you this pain avoiding this ""game""."
,Not Recommended,239030,14886010,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,Not worth the money.
76561198097716081,Not Recommended,239030,13841243,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,DRHewitt,"Tedious, primitive, obtuse, unrewarding."
,Not Recommended,239030,13877814,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,cartec,What a piece of turd
,Not Recommended,239030,15133566,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,"His Excellency, Maximillian Hess","I cant say i am overly impressed. I saw the game for sale, and decided to get it with some money left over after the Holiday Sale. It is rather tedious, and gets boring, plus it is a very 'one-go' game, wiht the plot always being generally the same.I dont even have it installed anymore it was so not-worth it. Dont waste anything here, and get something better. Even buying trading cards to make badges is more worth it in my opinion..........."
,Not Recommended,239030,17606229,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Kirisute Gomen,"Interface is very chaotic, you need to check every single detail over and over again and it just keeps adding up, even worse, you're bound to a timer so if you want to take your time to check everything, joke's on you because that way you won't get enough money to feed your family and you get a game over after the 5th dayJust please let me throw away warnings i already read"
76561197965011499,Not Recommended,239030,11611200,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Agent Smith,"I read plenty of reviews of this game and I don't understand why so many people praise it.  I HAD to play it a while to justify the 5 bucks I spent on it, but I still don't see the justification.  Perhaps is it a genre of game I will never understand, but it basically becomes impossible after a while unless you know exactly what ""wrong"" people to let through.  It's basically a game of SIMON with slightly worse graphics :P  If you can remember the name of the person on level 10 that you should let through to get a bribe then go for it.At one point I got an encrypted message from some guy with an asterix for an eye.  And then later I got what I assume is a decoder for that message from another guy with and asterix for an eye, but other then that, it's the same thing over and over.I guess I COULD reccomend this game if you want to be Hermes from Futurama, but other than that.... nope."
,Not Recommended,239030,17857122,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Travanoid,"Not really a ""Fun"" game, but it is interesting to play through. The game has a tendancy of introducing new mechanics and then dropping them after an in-game day. For example, you will have to get new orders to check all entrants for polio. On the day the order is received, many entrants will be missing the correct documentation, but after the day that check is introduced, almost everyone will have the correct paperwork, and the game will add another new mechanic and move on.The ""Family"" metagame, does not add much, and it never becomes much of a problem unless you are really struggling."
,Not Recommended,239030,15731082,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Mikey River,"Not worth the money, bored after 45 minutes..."
,Not Recommended,239030,18251855,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,TaKeShi,I got no idea what i should do there   - 4/10
76561198058224435,Not Recommended,239030,16554558,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,bover,Boring and no decent explanation given.
76561198092468279,Not Recommended,239030,16343182,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ao3ayuso,"Very relaxing game, quite funny at times but not for me. Maybe other people will enjoy this game but for the ten dollars I paid for it not worth. Seems like it should be a android game."
,Not Recommended,239030,23538311,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,El Spunko,Boring and repetative....
76561197963394155,Not Recommended,239030,11683719,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Data,strangely familiar and brutally hilarious
76561197995667097,Not Recommended,239030,14325852,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Koso,1985 wants his graphics back.
,Not Recommended,239030,16331796,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NeonM2,"I'm going to be honest here, after hearing all the raving about the game, seeing the retro art style, and learning about the story, I thought this game would be amazing to try. I barely made it past the third day (10 minutes or so in) and I was bored to tears. I'd keep playing, but I already know what's going to happen the next day and the next day and the next day. I can't play the most dreadful game I've played in ages just so I can find out the underlying story of this Soviet Russia type country.Sad thing is, the first day was rather fun, but once I got into the second day, it just became hell. Grab a book, check it, mark it, continue. Not to mention the depressing plot that is going to unravel. I really wanted to love this game, but when I can't make it past 10 minutes without banging my head on the wall, I know it's time to call it quits."
76561197973402038,Not Recommended,239030,16481722,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,bara,"not my type of game, feels more like work"
76561198095984143,Not Recommended,239030,18808177,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rarrison Hamsden,would rather play showering with my dad simulator for the rest of my life
,Not Recommended,239030,23661878,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,It's a game where you play a border inspector where the entire game is you comparing pieces of information for inconsistencies. It's really like FTL mixed with find the hidden object games. It is incredibly difficutl to win and get the best ending as you either run out of money or food or whatever or you get killed by terrorists. I didn't like this game but I guess some are masochists. 5/10
,Not Recommended,239030,19857087,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mad Mike,"not much fun after you lose the first time, some games you're like ""Damn i lost better try again"", but this game is much slower and made me feel like this instead: ""Damn I lost, better try again, but  I dont really want to try again."""
76561197979505422,Not Recommended,239030,20438544,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Epistemophiliac,"Unique game, theme seems interesting and is... for a short bit - than I got bored within 30minutes..."
,Not Recommended,239030,10945706,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,uncolober,"On the surface, both the idea and execution are great... but the game is such a chore. I honestly didn't expect gameplay to bethatsimilar to real bureaucratic work. You really are pushing papers all day, then struggle to feed your family for the minimal wage, the go back to pushing more papers in the morning. I wasn't expecting that this would be the aspect that is portrayed in such a daunting manner. Despite all the truly clever things this game has, my god is it a god damn chore to play, Jesus H. Christ."
,Not Recommended,239030,13541354,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,diwo,"This is not a bad game, in fact I think it's very innovative and well made, pushing the boundaries of gaming genres.However someone would have to be very open minded to enjoy this game, and therefore I can't recommend this to everybody."
,Not Recommended,239030,13171821,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hex_Pallett[CHN],"Depression Simulator. Designed solely to make you feel horrible, so if you wanna feel horrible, this is for you."
76561198027692026,Not Recommended,239030,13975278,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jamez,"Papers, Please is a simplistic game with a truly fun concept. It feels original, smart and humorous. I marvel how well they've managed to create a lore with such limited tools. The design looks beautiful and the gameplay is quite easy.What made this game a headache for me, was it's time-bound nature. Not being a fan of time-challenges, this aspect killed the experience for me."
,Not Recommended,239030,28807889,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Two-bit,this game is really not what i expencted its doesnt even play that well
76561198049840051,Not Recommended,239030,28846142,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Slimi $,Reactionary Propaganda
76561198053242946,Not Recommended,239030,14392495,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,gabrieldogcat,theres a bug on day 3 where i give the thing to someone and they dont leave and i cant play the game please fix
76561198157384748,Not Recommended,239030,16482315,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Scottish Daniel,"Picked it up for £3:49 but it just gets to repetitive to quickly,"
76561197972599849,Not Recommended,239030,17015680,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Owain,"im really sorry not to hop on the procession of praise, but I found this game pretty dull.  I am slightly older and now I find that games have to grab my attention early or be something that I persist with to play with my kids. This obviously can't be the latter and it unfortunately wasnt the former either.  I struggled to find the depth people spoke about and I regret buying it, having hardly touched it since a short play after purchase.  If I do fire it up again i'll update the review but at this stage my low playtime demonstrates the lack of engagement I personally had with this game."
,Not Recommended,239030,17240391,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Zintix,"Sigh, I would love to give this game a good review but based on the fact if you have an SSD and have your profiles mapped to a seperate harddrive which most people would do to optimise the SSD ... sound won't workAnd by looking on the forums and support guides it seems the only way to fix this is by removing the mapped profiles which Im not going to be doing anytime soon as it would make everything a mess >.>"
,Not Recommended,239030,18313017,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kiminoa,"A friend of mine loves this game, but it wasn't for me. There's a ton of weird gender stuff in here that made me uncomfortable.  I think this is a good game for folks who really like to follow rules and be rewarded for that. I'm not really that girl."
,Not Recommended,239030,10715256,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wunibald,"Nice setting, very boring though."
76561198021684164,Not Recommended,239030,20516634,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,lorne_85,"I imagine this game is more fun than being kidnapped by ISIS and beheaded in RL, but just barely. 0/10."
,Not Recommended,239030,33617129,Posted: 17 July,all,DPSnakeyes,If you like doing the same thing over and over again until it becomes habit and don't actually want to get paid then play this game. If you want to do the above and get paid then get a job. One is actually useful and doesn't cost you money to do it.
76561198030168739,Not Recommended,239030,16919419,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,SteVoe,Bought because Yahtzee.  Meh.
,Not Recommended,239030,17100286,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,i-M-a-g-I-N-e,Im not sure but its seems like a good game! but there are so many things u gotta check and it takes for ever.. dont wait a dime on it! TRUST ME I ALREADY REGET IT!
,Not Recommended,239030,17192588,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,NaLa,"The game is just a time waster, dont reccomend"
,Not Recommended,239030,17592444,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Battle Barnes,"Tremendously dull. I know thats the point and all, but god it just felt like work. I expected some sort of emotional impact or deeper point to emerge but its just playing MS Excel with worse graphics and less fun."
76561198090735394,Not Recommended,239030,17622093,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Josh Montes,A personal dissapointment despite critical acclaim.
,Not Recommended,239030,19143261,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Rozz Squilliams,boring
76561198031075215,Not Recommended,239030,19139411,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,superheronation,"This game is comically unfun. The joke is on the players, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,239030,20394443,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Einhärjar,
76561198219304391,Not Recommended,239030,30662287,Posted: 21 March,all,WildFire,"I have no idea why SO people like this game so much. It simulates a mundane boring job checking the documents of some of the most idiotic repetative people ever who forget the reason they are crossing the border, dont understand basic guidelines and have an insane amount of poorly forged passports (which could be realistic if it wasn't to such a ridiculous extent). To liven it up a bit you somehow are the key lynchpin to a massive countrywide revolution and if you think i am exagerating i looked it up if you are arrested they are FORCED to hibernate as they can't import their agents because foreign spies are absolutely critical for a domestic civil war apparently and they cant operate at all without an open border and dont have any forgers worth a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also if you are trying to stand by the state you arent able to detain PROVEN REVOLUTIONARIES because the game wants you to have all options open and few consequences. Even taking and using massive bribe money from an unknown source when found out has no consequences (Edit, Unless you betray Ezic 3 days later and not let their agent in to help you). Back to basic gameplay there are some instances where you can break the rules to be moral and options to take bribes. However the game is so pathetically easy and there are so few things you can spend money on there is no point in being corrupt unless you like seeing a larger number at the end of the day. The only way to fail is either you have like severe dyslexia, poor memory or forget that because people have different haircuts they arent alowed into the country because they look slightly different than their picture. I can see how some people would be able to look past these immersion breaking problems and play it as a calming repetetive activity like all the clicker games however if thats the case there are THOUSANDS of far better games for that like minecraft or previously mentioned clicker games or hell even farmville. Not worth the 10$ imo but then again apparently everyone else gets something out of this game that i don't so im probably the odd one out."
76561198047819447,Not Recommended,239030,11486862,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Torrack,"While the style and theme of the game are unique and interesting the gameplay is not. The throwback graphics work in favor of the game and serve it well however, the constantly changing rule set (border admission requirements) make the game feel like work instead of play. I want to play a game for fun, not to feel like I'm at a job. Save your money and just watch somebody's video of the game on YouTube; you won't miss anything."
76561197993291168,Not Recommended,239030,10934854,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Loxius,Like having a job.  All it needs is an office gossip DLC.Because RPing an Immigration inspector is a GREAT idea.
76561198101791465,Not Recommended,239030,13176534,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,FauxyLady,"I really truly don't understand all the excitement over this game.  It must be some sort hip indie game thing.This game is frustrating, obnoxious, confusing and not at all interesting.  You are expected to (literally about 5 minutes in) memorize several gibberish names of cities for each of a bunch of countries.  Then it tests that by changing only one letter in the name (a 'c' to a 'k' for example), so you need to memorize the spelling as well.  You COULD check the map in the rule book but this takes forever and your family dies due to you not making enough money per day.  At the same time, you are to check a myriad of other things for validity, many of which are never made clear to the player.  It never told me I had to check ID number for validity and I still don't know what makes an ID number valid or not.  I had to google how to tell a man that he needed a passport as this wasn't adequately explained either and the game refused to progress until I dealt with it.On top of this, you need to make sure the passport photo matches, which is a complete crapshoot considering the character portraits lack any detail.  Usually at least once a (in-game) day the game tells me I was wrong just because I don't know what constitutes a good enough match.And this is all just a few levels in.  Supposedly it gets considerably more tedious and confusing.  Becuase that's somehow an enjoyable game mechanic?  You actually have to UNLOCK hotkeys from the storyline.  What.On the plus side the music is pretty great.I'd never recommend it, but apparently I'm the wrong one and everybody simply loves processing paperwork according to confusing, obnoxious, unexplained beaurocratic rules.  I simply did not enjoy it.It's probably some sort of ""art"" thing."
,Not Recommended,239030,19788190,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Oleiv,Most boring 5 bucks I've ever spent.
,Not Recommended,239030,12394678,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Memes Tycoon CSLottos,It's fun until the government captures you for no reason at all. Like really they say they notice a discrepancy in my fundings as a citizen (i have too much money) but really i am scraping by in my 8 class apartment. The game is kind of otrageous at $10 and should definetley be lowered. 7/10. if you're going to get it wait for a sale.
,Not Recommended,239030,29884771,Posted: 12 February,all,Retoree,"I never finished this game because it got very boring midgame, but I don't regret buying this."
76561197997622610,Not Recommended,239030,12207864,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,vand3537,"how did this get so much positive press?  aren't games supposed to be fun, an enjoyable escape?"
76561197995067513,Not Recommended,239030,11991720,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tricky Tree,"This game had some good press, but just can not see what al the fuss is about. Boring, not fun and far better games for free are available."
,Not Recommended,239030,11683191,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Summer Hopeflyte,"Well...The game's very hard, nearly unplayable with people that have a bad memory for things. I honestly don't reccomend it, not very fun or intresting."
76561198083376659,Not Recommended,239030,16434115,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sandsilos,"Extremely underwhelming considering to the ""Overwhelmingly positive"" reviews on Steam.Before buying this game, I recommend watching the gameplay online. You will see that you literally sit there and do paperwork. The endings are text-based, there is no music playing during the game.I don't know why this is so well-reviewed, and would highly recommend against purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,239030,24889123,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,HazelS,"""Steam Connection Failed""...well, writing a good review failed as well, what an coincidence."
,Not Recommended,239030,14478217,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Bureacracy simulator.You check passports for a dictatorship. It's boring as hell. Eventually a secret society bent on overthrowing the government approaches you, but for some reason you're not allowed to have them arrested by the guards."
76561198076853666,Not Recommended,239030,13872668,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TheEntirePopulationOfCanada,Is unfun! 85/100
76561197962553404,Not Recommended,239030,24094580,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lorgan,You are basically supposed to check if the passports and documents have correct information.Does that sound like fun?It is not.
76561198055676674,Not Recommended,239030,31536673,Posted: 3 May,all,Gerwin,"I was looking forward to this game.  I really tried to give it a chance, but I did not care for it.  I just found it uninteresting.  Props to the developer for donating all of the money from this sale."
,Not Recommended,239030,34317973,Posted: 17 August,all,light_bringer777,"I don't get it. I just don't. This was exactly like having to work, this ""game"" is a chore to me."
,Not Recommended,239030,11113476,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Oman 2,"Let me share a brief anecdote:Do you remember at uni etc, after having finished an extended question for maths, having got the answer wrong, and then having to sift through several pages of working to find where the error was?Papers, Please is a very interesting game, and I can certainly see why it is so popular and well rated, but for me it felt like sifting through pages to find one small error. Once you get to the stage where forgeries are possible, there are all kinds of stuff you have to watch out for; incorrect copies of a variety of symbols, incorrect cities f4rom various countries, and so on. It's not so bad at first, but having to do this faster and faster to save your starving family, it gets very annoying to have to flick through several pages to check symbols and city names.This is a good game, don't get me wrong, but it just wasn't my style. I found it too repetitive, and very hard to come to grips with in the first few rounds - my family died in three days because I couldn't process fast enough, didn't know what to look for. And later on, the fines get a lot harsher for the slightest mistake, you have to take bribes to survive and risk the fines, but simply missing one detail and getting a huge fine gets rather annoying."
,Not Recommended,239030,28921274,Posted: 1 January,all,[63rdVA] Stoneballs,game is the same every time its just stamping passports
,Not Recommended,239030,21485152,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zoshli,My♥♥♥♥♥♥is better than this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239030,23988422,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,pee pee is best gun,"Too hard, and just plain old boring."
,Not Recommended,239030,29873467,Posted: 12 February,all,RoaringIron,"The game lags way too often making the game unbearable to play, my computer has good specs as well."
,Not Recommended,239030,26433603,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Talos,"This game is not for people who want to take their time and enjoy it, it forces you to rush elsewise you are unable to feed your family and will lose the game.  I am sure this game is fantiastic for some and normally I wouldn't bother giving it a negative review since it just might be my own personal preferences getting in my way, but the game is supposed to be a game where you pay attention, and from talking with others it is a bit like an iceberg with more information below the surface, so why rush people through it?  It just seems like such a poor decision made by the devs that ruins the game for me."
,Not Recommended,239030,10237011,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcePotato,"I think you should know this game, and understand this game, but I don't think you should play it. It's very clever in a rhetorical sense, but it's a tedious and exhausting experience to actually play for yourself."
76561198203003720,Not Recommended,239030,19727340,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Marcus Skerratt,It's a good game if you are qwick. If you CP of a serten type would not advise buying.
,Not Recommended,239030,19845481,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,Really wanted to like it. But I didn't.
,Not Recommended,239030,15874649,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sore,This is a perfect customs-simulator.You really feel like you're a customs agent checking out passports and following regulations.Doesn't that sound like fun?
,Not Recommended,239030,29805170,Posted: 9 February,all,kala captain,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, boring"
,Recommended,239030,21110352,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,"This is 10% PASS20% Detained15% concentrated power of paint50% pleasure, and5% painand 100% reason to purchase this game"
76561198040669155,Not Recommended,239030,14243179,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Helluvee,"I'm probably limited, but this is like watching paint dry.- repetitive- boring- frustrating3/10"
76561198075867472,Not Recommended,239030,13753408,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ege,Don't play this crap.
76561198041493817,Not Recommended,239030,19924824,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Annoyingnome,"The game feels like work. It's very monotonous, generates stress, and does not provide a compelling enough story or atmosphere to make it worth the effort.I don't understand the appeal."
76561198070298128,Not Recommended,239030,10386329,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,javajoe,"This game was very well reviewed, and it is a clever idea. I just could not get into it. It becomes a frantic mouse-clicking challenge trying to check all of the details you need to check in the allotted time. For me, this is not fun. The story of the game is the best part, it really does motivate you to try to do better, and to see how the story will unfold. It was not enough for me since the basic gameplay was not appealing."
,Not Recommended,239030,10674733,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AReallyHoopyFrood,"Do you like paperwork? Because this feels like doing paperwork. It was kind of fun at first, but after the first thirty mintues gets to be extraordinarily tedious."
76561198021383222,Not Recommended,239030,13195541,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,blackserpent666,"tldr: Cons: unbalanced, unintuitive, annoying controls. Pros: Artsy and creepy. Interesting story.Annoying and counter-intuitive controls. Had to look at the wiki to figure out how to do a bunch of stuff. Got worse I failed to do a specific task (while I thought I done well), only to realize later in the game that I screwed up and need to go back.Also, quite unbalanced. I could barely make through a week without EASY mode.unexplained way of how SALARY is calculated. Had to google it, only to find an incorrect answer on the web!!"
,Not Recommended,239030,9200350,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Salvo1,"Honestly, while a lot of people do love this game, I found it boring.  Granted, inspecting papers is what I do in real life, but this game was too much like work to me, and the time that I played this game and found it boring was when I didn't have this current job inspecting paperwork.  Plus, on medium or harder difficulty, if you don't rush and make money fast, you can't pay your bills and have to see your family suffer and maybe even die, which is stressful.  I don't like being stressed out when I play a game, I prefer to relax.Lastly, the fact that you have to rush ruined my enjoyment of this game.  I don't like being forced to have to inspect papers quickly and process people as quickly as possible to make money.  In a game with as many small details as this, I want to take my time and soak in all the details, which I can't when I'm rushing as fast as possible to keep my family from starving and freezing due to a lack of money.  I wish I could just stop and smell the roses."
76561198040099113,Not Recommended,239030,16638165,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,lukeasb,"This is probably the most underwelming thing i've ever purchased, and that includes some incomplete and unplayable early access games. Papers, Please was so completely outside of my comprehension that I had to write my first review about it just to get closure.The gameplay consists of looking at a picture and making sure all the numbers & letters on it match up to some other numbers & letters distributed around your screen and filed away in leaflets that you must flip through to find the correct page. Essentialy this is the worlds least interesting and most frustrating 'spot the difference' game. It is tedius, cumbersome, and unengaging. Which is what I expected, to a degree.My ability to track every detail of small grainy images is apparently lackin,g because after the first game day it took me a minumum of 2 minutes per passport to comb for all the minutia, and I still had a failure rate of 1/3. Once it cited me for an incorrect photograph, and I honestly had not noticed a discrepancy between the two pictures despite comparing the two; I had thought they were similar enough having the same face, hair, and beard, but apparently not.I played half an hour before I could bear no more, my levels of irritating and impatience. It was over a year before I gave it another try, inspired by all the praise I had read. My experience was no better than the first, and I cannot see myself trying again ever.When I began I cut off all food and heat expenses, since the game offered no incentive to keep them on. Processing the amount of documents necessary to maintain those expenses is beyond my capabilities, so letting my ""family"" die would be the optimal choice from a gamey perspective. From a story perspective, if you can call it that, the game gave me no reason to care about them: just letters on a form, after all. They didn't even have names.The game punished me for my apathy when the game suddenly ended on the forth day. Apparently the family dying causes instant loss. Since I am not capable of playing the game quickly enough to pay for their expenses, this is as far as I progressed and as far as I coupld ever potentialy progress in this game.But that is the gameplay. As I understand it the real reason this game gets praise is for its story, art and atmosphere, apparently. After playing the game, I am legitamately questioning whether all this praise is some kind of elaborate joke, as far fetched as that sounds: the coordination required would be astounding.The story in full as I experienced it is, you are a man who checks immigrant's paperwork. You have 4 family members. the job gets harder every day. I kept waiting for some kind of twist or element that would explain the hype, suddenly make it engaging, or at the very least make me feel someing, or care even slightly, but in never came. If it comes later in the game, I am both unwilling and incapable of reaching that point.Occasionaly the immigrants say things or beg to be let in, etc. but seeing as there is no apparent gameplay benefit or narrative pay-off to be had basing your decisions on anything but whether or not you earn a citation, I quickly tuned them out.As for the atmosphere and art, there are some grey pixels, some black pixels, and I think even some white pixels. The intro and failure screen has red and orange pixels. There may have been some blue pixels but I cannot confirm or deny this.So as should be clear at this point, did not enjoy this game. The gameplay is unbearable but I could have forgiven this if there was at least something outside of the gameplay to experience. I personally play games more for their story, characters, narrative and world anyway, but there are almost none of those things in Papers, Please, and I am given no reason to care about what little there is.Above all I am left confused. If all the things that the game is praised for barely exist, and the other elements are addmitted to be terrible even by the fans, where does the praise come from? I found no redeeming qualites in this game whatsover and am completely baffled that most players did. What am I missing? What have I overlooked that explains why people liked this? I am genuinely baffled."
,Not Recommended,239030,11720764,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,hotpocket420,"Can we all just please quit pretending this game is good? its like the bagle of the game industry, ppl only like it because everyone else does.First: can we get some more pixels? Theres been atleast 5 times the picture on the i.d. wasnt matching the face, but was extermely hard to tell thatsecond: Plot? in this game when i see that my family is cold or hungry, it doesnt afect me, so why should i care?third: the complexity and diffaculty increases dramatically from lvl 1-3, so much i cant keep up."
76561198079491900,Not Recommended,239030,18268641,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,sapitt12,"This is a GREAT game. But the problem I have is the price, for the game I think it's worth 5."
,Not Recommended,239030,14291996,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"Couldent bare to play this game, it is so boring. I would not recommend this game."
76561197980783984,Not Recommended,239030,10812675,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Horny Shrimp,Behind the message... there is a boring game.
76561198040865926,Not Recommended,239030,15271696,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,sieur_metz,"The premise is fairly unique: you play the part of a customs agent reviewing people's papers, admitting people who have everything in order, denying people with missing or expired documents, and detaining people with the audacity to try to fool you with a forgery. Depending on how much you believe someone's story or if you are pleased with their offer of a bribe, you may choose to let through someone you aren't supposed to. Admit someone you shouldn't or deny access to someone who deserves it and you get nastygrams from your boss that shift into fines. There's also a plot to mess up the government you can assist or ruin and as many as twenty different ways to end the game.There's just one problem: it gets boring. It actually reminded me quite a lot of a job reviewing documents that I quit because ... boring. The difficulty here is largely in your attention span to minute details - after a while, even when you know what all to to look for, your attention will drop off and you will make mistakes and start racking up nastygrams.If you enjoy studying numerous documents for any appearance of a contradiction, forget playing this game - get a job as a policy services analyst for an insurance company and get paid to do it instead of just doing it here for pretend.Final verdict: An excellent tedium simulator. If only that weren't what I'm trying to escape from."
,Not Recommended,239030,11788641,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Felix,Pretty boring after the first level.
,Not Recommended,239030,23401365,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,BOT Bert,Its not as fun as it seems on Youtube. You get bored very easily and you rather do something else realy quickly. You dont realy get anything from it so its better to play like a funner game like. Lets say Garrys Mod.
76561198041594490,Not Recommended,239030,30506108,Posted: 14 March,all,DarthLi,"It's OK, but very much overrated"
,Not Recommended,239030,10680869,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Leukanian,Maybe worth $.99
76561198106859855,Not Recommended,239030,10988612,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dravage,"Interesting and morally challenging, but it lacks replay value and frequently bugs out."
,Not Recommended,239030,10823249,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Xstyle,Worth $1-$2 of entertainment but that's about it. After playing 30 minute to an hour is enough to be done with the game
,Not Recommended,239030,24061013,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,boroben11,Enjoyed every minute
,Not Recommended,239030,13532823,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Traps Are Gay,it's called papers please but there's no paper0/10
76561198084299963,Not Recommended,239030,10920761,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chuban,I found this game boring and repetative.
,Not Recommended,239030,19110737,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Crimson of Rose,It's a temporary time waste. Basically a perfect example of a me too youtube viral meme.
76561198047518514,Not Recommended,239030,28491265,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,halo19248,"It's a highly unusual game: A country acknowledges the existence of its borders and has the audacity to protect them!Unfortunately, as much as I liked its premise,Papers, Pleaseis simply not fun to play, despite being kind of challenging, and so I quit after about an hour with no desire to replay or complete the game."
,Not Recommended,239030,9676879,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Frogs are People Too,"This is one of those games that I both love and hate at the same time. They capture the mood of Cold War-era paranoia and bureaucratic insanity perfectly, and most times it's relatively funny what new nonsense they come up with for me to check. The problem I have is I just don't find it fun.Obviously this sort of thing is subjective, so I'll give my reasons why I don't enjoy this game. The biggest thing is it doesn't feel like a game. It feels like a job. I'm put under the same nerve-wracking stress I feel when I'm doing something for payment. Am I going to miss one tiny little detail and be thrown yet another violation message? Will another bomber get through and, as a result, the AGB will kick down my apartment door and gun down my entire family? Am I breathing correctly, or does my posture sitting at this border crossing booth suggest I'm a traitor?The whole thing feels like I'm at a job. I didn't pay 10 dollars to do a job. I paid ten dollars to have fun. I know the whole point of the game is to put you under stress and make you scrutinize the tiniest details of 1,000 rules and subrules that just keep on piling up while your whole family starves and dies, but that just isn't my idea of fun. It'd be like if I bought a game where I had to answer the telephone and worry about accidentally letting a telemarketer through to my manager. It'd be like playing a game where I'm a janitor and if I miss cleaning the floor somewhere I'm reprimanded, but if I clean it and someone slips I'm reprimanded, etc.Stress is a part of any decent slightly challenging video game. I understand that. This is work stress, though. This is something I play games to try to escape. I don't want more of it when I'm actually playing a game and not doing menial labor for menial payment. I feel like the developers should be paying /me/ for every hour I'm playing Papers, Please.All in all, it's certainly not a bad game. It's certainly not the worst game. You might even enjoy it. This is about whether I recommend it or not, though. If you want to feel like you're at a job without the payment part, or really, REALLY like Cold War history/satire, pick it up. If you don't, buy 10 dollars worth of pancakes or something."
76561198004068349,Not Recommended,239030,32204979,Posted: 5 June,all,oak606,"I think I fell victim once again to the 'overwhelmingly positive' review scores. While I did enjoy the challenge of trying to wade through increasing amounts of documents and information, all the while attempting to do so at a reasonable speed so as to earn enough money to look after your family (and thus continue on to the next day), after the few hours I've put into the game I'm just not incetivised to start over again and get another ending. There are unique encounters sprinkled throughout the game days but for the most part the gameplay quickly becomes tedious. The main issue though to me was the lack of emotional impact I experienced from the game overall, but mostly when confronted with certain morality-based choices that you're forced to make. For example, you have the choice of turning away a man who is reportedly going to be running a brothel of some sort, but the outcome of your decision, at least in my run through, was never even hinted at. In comparison to the decisions and consequences in something like 'This War of Mine', this game just felt a bit hollow. If you play this to kill time on the iPad for example then sure, it's worth an hour or two here and there, but I don't think it's worthy of the hype it seems to have gotten."
76561198035170986,Not Recommended,239030,28652683,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,(ノ ゜Д゜)ノ ︵ ┻━┻,"I personally find it fun to play, but one has to be either really detail oriented or a little ""OCD"" to do well at this game. I enjoy it, not sure others would unless you love comparing dates-of-birth and ID numbers to make sure everything matches.Would've thumbs'd up, but I'm considering my friends reading my review is all (this wouldn't fit for any of them). It's a fun game, and I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,239030,11455257,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Tackleberry,Is it a beautiful work of art? Yes. Is it a grounded statement of the nature of humanity? Sure. Is it a deep psychology experiment? Perhaps. Is it a fun game? Nope.
76561198039623843,Not Recommended,239030,33061528,Posted: 30 June,all,Black & White,Paper work simulator!
,Not Recommended,239030,11965467,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Vile,Tedious.
,Not Recommended,239030,24391351,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MaskedMan,"Congratulations. The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled. For immediate placement, report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint. An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling."
76561197971627562,Not Recommended,239030,10818193,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Um...swoop,Meh... If you have OCD you will probably enjoy this game...
76561198045645990,Not Recommended,239030,30504677,Posted: 14 March,all,JohnSoigne,"Boring. Not addictive at all. Tells nothing meaningful nor it has any literary value. No reason to finish more than one time. What's the point of decision making in a tedious homework simulator like this? No sane person will play this thing more than one or two time at most instead of YouTube edition.I have zero sympathy reviewing indie games because I pay first. Try making a game worth my time. And stop giving it 10/10 people be honest. ""Oh, this games so addictive!"" says who played this thing only 8 hours... totally overrated.0/10."
,Not Recommended,239030,29725598,Posted: 5 February,all,Kitty,I guess I just don't understand what to do. I kept getting citations and found the game frustrating.
,Not Recommended,239030,9894437,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Paikia,"The basic idea of the game seems interesting, but it feels like that's all there is - a nice general gameplay principle. Everything else is.... isn't! I'll gladly spend time and money on a real game based on the idea of this game, but this particular game is hardly enough to keep me interested, sorry. :("
76561198064341878,Not Recommended,239030,13176913,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SneakyAsianMan,REMINDS ME OF WORKING AT STARBUCKS 10/10
,Not Recommended,239030,11899950,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Rob,Boring and repetitive. Probably the worst game I ever spent money on.
76561198050624218,Not Recommended,239030,30350226,Posted: 5 March,all,BillyBozarth,Feels like i should be paid to play his game....
76561198149848263,Not Recommended,239030,22863382,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lord Farquaad,I personaly got the game and thought there would be a little more acthon sorry and the sad part is I can't get a refund to get a game i been realy wanting to get
,Not Recommended,239030,33757624,Posted: 23 July,all,Khan1106,"All of the positive reviews claim this game is ""not just a paperwork simulator"", but I disagree. Take my word, it is. This is not a game, this is some crappy Atari themed paperwork simulator with some of the driest gameplay I have ever experienced. This game's only redeeming quality is a semi-interesting story and 20 endings, but it still sucks. I would be more forgiving if this game cost a more reasonable price such as 99 cents. It is baffaling that this♥♥♥♥♥♥game costs 10 bucks! Don't buy this game! You can buy a game like Gmod for that money!"
76561198006834433,Not Recommended,239030,8905388,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,James Russell,"Kind of disappointing.  More of a social commentary than an actual game.  It's basically a minigame of ""Spot The Difference"" that requires you to memorize things like which fictional country is a particular fictional city located in.  Each playthrough is basically the same as well, meaning it has little replayability.  It's meant to be tedious, but that self-awareness doesn't mean it's an enjoyable game"
76561198087546498,Not Recommended,239030,10443540,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,XIX csgolive.com,it has naked pictures
,Not Recommended,239030,33396072,Posted: 8 July,all,Ghede,"Nah, son."
,Not Recommended,239030,31224270,Posted: 18 April,all,Dropthegun,"The game is interesting and I guess there are people that could like this, but I'm not one of those. Ultimately this game is just not fun. You literally do somebody's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job and you rarely get rewarded, if at all. I know that's the point but still."
,Not Recommended,239030,25480400,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PointePortal,I found this gameplay to be monotonous and unchallenging.  Perhaps the story gets interesting later.  Not for me
76561198112887517,Not Recommended,239030,12532546,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,spellmaster_r,Becomes repetitive really soon...
,Not Recommended,239030,34981783,Posted: 15 September,all,MrPuffehman,"The most overrated, pretentious, and boring game I have ever played."
76561198060821108,Not Recommended,239030,8472259,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,monsterfenrick,"Good game? yes... Fun?  Not for me.This is an interesting, challenging, and unique game... so why isn't it fun?It's as if the goal of the game is to leave you as frustrated as a real TSA or Border agent who's job sucks, family is scraping by and your work place rules are never consistant. The mechanics are tedious despite the game's simplicity.Maybe that is supposed to be part of the challenge, but clicking and dragging and flipping through the rulebook frantically looking for that thing I know is wrong so that I can highlight it to begin the process of detaining, asking for papers, etc. takes much of that fun out for me.  Especially when you know there is a descrepancy, but you waste time thumbing through things until you get to it just to use the game's rigid and unwaivering mechanic that allows you to  move on.Complaints aside, it is very interesting to see how how things pan out with your decisions made.  Knowing you helped capture a murderer, or finding out later you let one through hit home in a weird subtle way.  Having played it, i'd never recommend it at full price.  I might at half price to a select few, but I think this one is going to fall into a small cult following.I"
76561198145965284,Not Recommended,239030,23284419,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Danny_Boy,Hard game i would still buy it but i didn't like it
76561198060695718,Not Recommended,239030,11039635,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Gummy Frupples,hey GUYS OUT THERE IF YOU WANT TO BUY THIS YOU CAN BUT DONT IT IS BAD STICK TO CART LIFE IF YOU LIKE THAT NOW SOMETIMES YOU WILL GO TO JAIL FOR A REASON BUT I HAVE NO CLUE WHAT THAT REASON IS AND SOMETHING MUST BE DONE ABOUT IT SO DONT BUY I MEAN ITS STILL GOOD TILL THE 20TH DAY AND BOOM ITS OVER I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE SO IM DONE
76561198128291100,Not Recommended,239030,24701285,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Szuruburu<3,hujowa
76561198007220143,Not Recommended,239030,25282167,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Yaroslav1987,"this game is reminding me my shiity office job, that's why I cannot recommended.idea is brilliant, but frustration and constant falling keeps my raging about it.graphics are perfect to this title, but they made me incredibily sad."
76561198029599864,Not Recommended,239030,8987834,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,nohypotheticals,"Fun for a bit, but once you play it for a few, theres nothing more to it. Would I recommend? hard choice, like its fundamentally a good game but for $15, cant say its worth it."
,Not Recommended,239030,11025150,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,banksby,"Another day, another dollar. An old saying that has absolutely no relation to my situation. More like another day of waking up, another massive amount of documents to check. My bank account, zilch. My social life, sabotaged by my own sarcastic symphony of self deprecation of hatred and bile. My bills, barely paid. I have no idea how I am able to make it through a single day. The image of me putting a gun to my head before splattring my brains seems more casual every day and day. Papers, please. No, thank you."
,Not Recommended,239030,8293017,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mudslid3,I'd bought it for $5 but I'd rate it as a $1 game
76561197965402477,Not Recommended,239030,9649448,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Aniyn,"You don't get enough time to properly scrutinize everyone, and the story mechanics, while interesting, are too difficult to figure out. Encounter someone who you know is an enemy of the state? Too bad, you can't do anything about it.  In the mean time, just sit back and watch your family starve and die of sickness. Woo."
,Not Recommended,239030,9607445,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dr.jaws,"Its fun , for about 5 minutes then you realize the gameplay is more work than fun."
76561198067182935,Not Recommended,239030,9738683,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,no5hole,I had a day off and thought a new game fun way to spend my day. Instead I found myself just getting jaded about how monotonous my new job as a digital customs officer was - I spent over two hours playing it and just never could get into the story.
76561198009003914,Not Recommended,239030,10640648,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NoNameDragoness,I don't get it. I really just don't get it.
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,239030,21248651,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,One of those games that starts out kind of interesting because you are like wtf is this and then after anywhere from 2-10 (your mileage will vary of course) it gets crazy boring and dumb.  Get a copy for like $2 maybe if you find staring at papers fun?
76561198134327509,Not Recommended,239030,10314285,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,dobis,boring.  if you like games that simulate a boring job you will love this.  you will probably love watching paint dry too.
76561198060718228,Not Recommended,239030,9461793,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,[MeoW] Nyderwin,The game is Fun The window that show the game is to small.I need to place my face to my screen to see to read everthing
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,239030,7758553,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"Despite it's retro graphics, Papers Please's art style is delightfully charming. It's gameplay is surprisingly challenging. It's setting is imaginatively grim. It seems to have all the hallmarks of an excellent game. So why did I stop playing it after only a couple of hours? Because it plays too much like real work! Not that I actually have a job like that, but at tedious paperwork that makes up the core of the gameplay is the sort of stuff I use video games to escape from! And then it makes me worry about my virtual-families finances on top of that? Honestly, I was starting to stress out more from the game than I ever actually did in real life. No thank you!"
76561198044074815,Not Recommended,239030,8791285,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Spooky Soviet | muck.forty,"Excellent, for the first hour or two. Believe me I want to like this game, but I just can't. It gets pretty repiticous once you've played for quite a while. However, people who love puzzles and tough thinking games, you've got yourselves a winner here."
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,239030,26589142,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HalfPint,The♥♥♥♥♥♥of Sand Gow is no joke idiot dont make me laugh.
,Not Recommended,239030,10590176,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,thorman78,"Interesting concept but it's just so fiddly. I'm sure that's the point, but I felt like the interface got in the way substantially more than the actual tedium that they're trying to simulate. I found myself getting more and more frustrated with the game, and even knowing there's a deeper story, I just couldn't stick with it long enough to get over the interface troubles."
,Not Recommended,239030,10989642,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Chas,"In this game, you check passports all day at the border of a communist nation. That is the gameplay of Papers, Please in its entirety.There is some story involved, but it's the same cliched 'oppressive communistic USSR type gov't rised to power' cliche. If I wanted a good story about an overpowering government, I would read Fahrenheit 451 or 1984, and then I wouldn't have to stamp passports all day, starving my family in the process."
76561198026907493,Not Recommended,239030,10632922,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FireCat,Deskarrangement simulator. Too much♥♥♥♥♥♥going on this little desk of mine.
76561198043752932,Not Recommended,239030,10813125,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Medic,The descrepency detector is so poorly designed that it ruins the game.
,Not Recommended,239030,8477861,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sparowes,"I really wanted to like this game. The premise was interesting and creative. But now I sort of wish I hadn't bothered. Previous reviewers were right, the game ultimately feels like work. You're essentially doublechecking a ton of slips of paper and as the game goes on it just finds different reasons to give you more slips of paper. It's hard to get emotionally involved in this game. Somebody says ""I was too poor for x slip of paper"" I have no reason to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ They're not giving me any reason to care. I have family to take care of but you never meet them and you never care beyond the fact that if they all die the game ends. I only felt emotionally compelled to make a ""hard"" decision once and it was after 5 hours of shuffling through customs papers. I might feel compelled to pick this game up again at a later time, but it'll only be because I've purchased it and I'll feel like I should probably just finish it. Or because I got fired and want to know what it feels like to be employed again as a border agent."
,Not Recommended,239030,8837057,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Duchess,"Not really a game, but more of a test of your patience.  You're an immigration official and you deny or allow people into the country.  Easy at first with only a few items to check for, but eventually you have to check for a large amount of prerequisites and time is always running out.  So within a few days of game time, you’re either having fun rushing through as many people as possible trying not to make mistakes, or you’re wondering why you’re not spending your time on something more interesting and rewarding.If you like repetitive tasks and indie experiments, you might find something worthwhile here.  For someone who enjoys adventures and action games, it's about as fun as real social work.  Not exactly what I want after coming home."
76561198096741565,Not Recommended,239030,9643450,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,aep703,Very boring
76561198037809757,Not Recommended,239030,10014729,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Koolcat,Although the game is fun at first it quickly becomes repetitive and boring
76561198060494976,Not Recommended,239030,9612684,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Stevepac9,♥♥♥♥♥is god damn awful. What a waste of money
,Not Recommended,239030,8305045,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,celedor,"In this game, you play as an Immigration Control Officer of a fictional dystopian country.  This means you will be doing tedious stuff like ensuring that the passport and other documents have not expired, that a potential immigrant's work permit passport number matches with his presented passport, that the picture on the passport actually matches the person and other trivialities.   You  do not have the luxury to peruse the papers at your leisure because you have a limited amount of time each day to process immigrants - your daily pay  is based on how many people you accurately serve.If you want to be good at this game, it will demand that you memorize the *geography* of this fictional world, like which cities belong in the country of Republia, and which districts are in your home country of Arstotzkan.  So if you enjoy filling your head with completely useless trivia, then go for it!  I'd personally spend that time learning real world geography if my inclinations ever took me in that direction (although for censorship/political reasons, the game creators wisely refrained from adding any Real World countries).The game is a monotonous drone of menial work.  Playing it felt like work to me.  Story mode offers occasional flashes of excitement when you are asked to perform some ""cloak & dagger"" operations or resolve some moral dillemma, but this happens around 10% of the game and is not enough reward to chore the rest.  The developers could have chosen to add a lot more ""custom events"" to make the game more engaging, but I guess it was not done due to time/budget constraints, laziness, or possibly a desire to achieve realism.  I guess a border official's life is pretty boring - in game you meet a former border official and he tells you something to the tune of ""I'm glad I'm no longer in that business"".In a nutshell: This game is work.  If you want work that badly, then go get a job instead of playing this game."
,Not Recommended,239030,9867121,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Cornelius,"This game.. Mai god. It's, tedious, at best. Someday, somewhere, someone said ""Yaknow what doesn't exist? Papers please."""
,Not Recommended,239030,8502883,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,LARRRRRYYYY,"Some people might find it fun but i couldn't get into it. Maybe if I played more I might, but I found it to be tediuos."
76561198092248957,Not Recommended,239030,9396175,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TaciturnLevy,"I'd be wary before purchasing this game. If you love challenging puzzle games, that have an outstanding degree of choices and outcomes from your actions, then this is that game for you. But While the start of the game is fun as it prgresses the novelty of it wears off.While it has dozens of hours of replay value, when it's at the point in it's progressing. It's just no longer satisfying. In which there are so many things to go wrong to get penalized on, and that at that point it's easier just to pick people at random (without inspecting anything) just let them through regardless. And now with playing a few hours of it, I'm starting to regret my purchase, and that I have wasted my money on a game I'll only play once."
,Not Recommended,239030,10595573,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,geogeeknomore,"Just dumb. And annoying. I really like the idea of this based on the other reviews, so that's why I bought it. You do your best to see if people have the correct credentials, but it will always give you a citation if you miss something - like there is someone watching over your shoulder who already knows whether they do or not. Infinite wisdom of the AI I guess. It really is depressing too - from the graphics to the sounds. People do this kind of stuff for their jobs, so why would anyone want to do it as a game? Please take my advice and pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,239030,32005915,Posted: 27 May,all,Sp00py ROPN,It's so boring
,Not Recommended,239030,9092438,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,rolo tony,"Hurf durf I'm an eastern european who has to deal with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moral conundrums in his life.I get it, I just don't like it."
,Not Recommended,239030,12483490,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Unavailable,I can't get past level 2. RIP.
,Not Recommended,239030,8291098,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Uchua,"The game has a great story but it honestly wasn't even worth the sale price of $4.99. I enjoy the immense attention to detail that they paid in the game and force the player to pay in the game, however the monotony and simplicity hardly justify the price."
76561198015130442,Not Recommended,239030,10639583,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chemical art,"I need to memorize cities?I have to plenty to memorize at work...where I am paid to do so.I will not memorize facts after paying a game...it is not like memorizing tactics which make you better...it just memorzing arbitary facts.It is agreed in the real world that memorizing obscure facts is bad, how is better that doing so for a game you paid for any better?No, these ""skill checks"" are just poor, would not recommend. If you need a ""cheat sheet""...that is the fault of the GAME, note the PLAYER."
,Not Recommended,239030,8171633,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Aliandris,"While I understand that it's supposed to be a bleak look at the brutal reality of life in a totalitarian dictatorship, games also need to actually be fun.  Failing constantly in every conceivable way isn't fun.  Perhaps if the game had a learning curve that was a little more forgiving I'd be willing to press on, but as it stands a constant parade of ""Everyone in your family dies, you fail"" and ""Their documents were wrong, but because you can't mindmeld with the game and predict which two things to connect to tell the game you know they're wrong we'll just penalize you constantly instead"" is just demoralizing and inane.  If there was some sort of reward for catching the mistakes or the criminals to help make up for the myriad of mistakes one can make, to add some of that animalistic joy brain-drug, that would improve things as well.  Basically, it needs an easy/training mode.I play games to have fun, even if it's a grim kind of fun, but this game only delivers grimness.  If that's your thing, it's your thing, but it isn't mine."
,Not Recommended,239030,31253850,Posted: 20 April,all,Frankie,i played it for 8 hours straight while on drugsi reccomend it if you've got drugs
,Not Recommended,239030,11009784,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Tom103,"Amusing for the first 20 minutes, then becomes the most boring game ever."
76561198083862659,Not Recommended,239030,10470942,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hexagon Man,GLORY TO GERTZAKA
,Not Recommended,239030,10105993,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ordoz,boring.... overhyped
,Not Recommended,239030,10618299,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Drew Austin,"Incredibly, Incredibly boring."
76561198025552796,Not Recommended,239030,8391149,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mkb,All the fun of proofreading but none of that pesky accomplishment.
,Not Recommended,239030,32246386,Posted: 7 June,all,Springtrionette,"This game is an interesting idea and has unique gameplay. Watched jacksepticeye play it and fancied a go at it myself and I found it fun but to me it seems like a fun for five minutes game, more entertaining to watch a youtuber play it. By all means try it if you want to but I think (for 50mb of game!) this should be cheaper or even free, I`ve got so much more out of games of an equivilent price. Don`t get me wrong its a decent game, just overpriced and a bit repetitive. I wouldn`t not recommend it but I also wouldn`t recommend it, so don`t take the not recommend to seriously."
,Not Recommended,239030,25829169,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Real True Authentic Joshy 8D,"It is a challenging game for me but I am like 2 years old so I don't know. But it is really fun but I wouldn't play it if you aren't a really ""good at challenges"" player."
76561198085429800,Not Recommended,239030,28543937,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DADDY,OVER RATED
,Not Recommended,239030,8990563,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,brotherxaos,"I don't know if I'm just not cut out for this game, but I found it to be quite tedious. There are games that make tedious tasks fun, and others that don't feel tedious at all, but Papers, Please felt like coming home from work, and doing more work. In a much less rewarding and happy atmosphere as well. I may give it another try, but after 4 hours of playing, I was done."
76561198021086272,Not Recommended,239030,8291219,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,"|SW| Ever, Greatest",Really in terrible taste.
76561198079782304,Not Recommended,239030,9220645,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Garfunkler,NOT WORTH HALF WHAT I PAYED FOR THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥OF A GAME: Pros......Good graphics and....idkCONs ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay and thes no real way to play its just chance the machine that is suposed to hep u do it does eggzactly♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239030,9483042,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Shyvana,All you have to do is. Appove or disapove passports. It gets really boring. :P but then again 4.5/10
,Not Recommended,239030,29733573,Posted: 5 February,all,Famanai,"The gameplay is long and tedious, it is entrely a matter of memorisation... It does one good thing and shows us how terrorism and smuggling increases with lax border control.That the idiots who created this game donate proceeds to open borders groups, for feel good kudos; is laughably ironic."
,Not Recommended,239030,9004171,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ROBEKS~_~,Short and repeative game. I completed it but i dont recommend it.
,Not Recommended,239030,7855257,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pipkin,Watch Krzysztof Kieślowski's The Office instead.
,Not Recommended,239030,7781315,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,okram2k,"Have you ever been stuck in line at customs, waiting with passport in hand to visit or return to the United States and watched as a uniformed TSA agent peers intently at your passport deciding if you get to enter or not? Did you ever think, ‘By golly! Somebody should make a video game about this!’ No? Neither have I, but Indy game maker, Lucas Pope has in his “dystopian document thriller,” Papers, Please available on Steam for $9.99.In Papers, Please you have been selected by the clearly communist government of East Germany – I mean Arstotzka to be a border checkpoint inspector at the recently opened border crossing between there and some made other made up country. Seeing as how vital this job is to the national security of Arstotzka you are given a detailed training course and after a long six weeks of shadowing an expert border crossing agent you are finally on your own to prove yourself after learning all the tricks of the pros! Ha ha, just kidding. You are given a tiny handbook, a weird stamping gizmo, and off you go!So you walk to work and start checking passports! How thrilling is that? Actually it’s not, it’s incredibly tedious as the game is overly complex. There are a million different reasons to deny entry and each day your job gets more and more complex as government edicts make your life a living hell. There are not just the obvious things either that could be wrong on the passports, sure there’s the obvious of the picture not matching or the wrong sex, or the id number on the passport doesn’t match the id number on a travel permit. But then really nitpicky things like the issuing city doesn’t match, since all the nations and city names are fictional, something you’d only know by flipping through your rule book for each and every passport.So you spend usually a minute or two scouring and comparing all the papers. When you find a discrepancy you are supposed to interrogate the person. You do this by selecting the comparison icon in the bottom right corner and select the two mismatching items. If the name on the work permit doesn’t match the passport, click on both and then interrogate the person. You can even have them detained by your guards if you feel it necessary. But this system is incredibly clunky if someone does not present proper documents or the city does not match as you have to flip through your rule book and select the broken rule. Now that you’ve handled that person in line, time to do it all over again! If this all sounds like a lot of work, that is because it is! After eeking my way through the first couple days in game I felt like I had just paid $10 to work a second job and even a particularly exciting one!Underneath all this work there are a few story lines which I guess are kinda interesting in the way you get weird customers at a boring retail job can spice up your day. But the payoff is just not worth the work required to get through the game. I think somebody forgot to tell the maker of Papers, Please that we PLAY games, not work at games. Just because a game is incredibly complex and intricate does not make it fun and actually can make it far far too tedious, cumbersome, and ultimately dull.While it can be kinda satisfying to detain some idiot for trying to pass through your checkpoint with phony papers or even approve a lady entry who’s running for her life but doesn’t have all her required documents the game still drags. Work. Work. Work. Work. And eventually I’m sick of it. I want to give at least a kudos to the developer for trying a new idea of intertwining a story into a mundane every day experience but there is far too much work to get there. Even worse it feels like my job is pointless as somebody must be watching everything I do. Each time I make a mistake a computer printout reprimands me and after more than two mistakes each day starts hitting me with fines. Get too many fines and you can’t afford your rent and you’re fired and arrested for delinquency. Lovely.Each day add up your pennies, pay rent, and then go broke. Just like real life! Apparently you are paid $5 per person who passes through your booth as long as you get them through before closing time. However good luck affording luxuries like heat or medicine when your family is sick, especially if you are hit with even one or two penalties during your work day.In the end, I’d probably pass on Papers, Please even if it was half the price. Unless you are really into comparing documents or you ever really really wanted to be a TSA agent. Papers, Please is too much work and not enough actual fun for me.Final Score:Graphics: 5/10Game Play: 3/10Music / Ambiance: 8/10Story: 5/10Value: 5/10Overall: 5.2/10Read more indy game reviews on my blog!http://markofithian.com"
,Not Recommended,239030,10702906,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,4our2wenty,There are no mexicans
,Not Recommended,239030,8942807,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,CharlesSurge,"★ out of four.I imagine Papers, Please was constructed around its main action of processing in-game paperwork at a border crossing. Papers, Please doesn't actually have any commentary to make. Validating the paperwork itself is the strongest part here, as you try to do your best in the timed work day. Indeed, more rules are added over time and it is up to each player to physically organize their desk and the placement of documents, but also to mentally process how to approach things. What is the best order (for you?) to check information? Is there enough time during a suspect's body search to do anything useful? The binary choices you make on a personal level are just interesting enough to entice replaying them. Yet, these choices have little payoff, which is true of Papers, Please overall."
76561198041646466,Not Recommended,239030,8722058,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,GeneralStan,Every bit as gripping as a game about doing paper work sounds.  That is to say not very.
76561198096798827,Not Recommended,239030,34124848,Posted: 9 August,all,Literally Actually,"The only supported resolutions are 570x320, 1140x640, and 1710x960.If you do not have any of these you will have a big black border around the game.(Please help me I know that this is a good game)"
,Not Recommended,239030,10989031,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sirpzy the Spooky Dictator,"Awful, I got the game on the sale, and it is the worst game I have played for the price, I'd rather pay $10 for angry birds than this game.  Why I bought it is because as I watched youtubers, it seemed funny, haha, funny I thought that..Cons:- 0 replay value after 15 minutes- Not fun-EXTREMELY overpriced, it should only be $1.99 TOPS-You sit there. and simply stamp papers... so much fun.Pros:-Would make a great stamping simulator 2014-a game you can play while waiting for something for like 10-15 minutes, because you can stop playing really at any time..Overall. I give the game a 1.5/10 DO. NOT. BUY. Unless you wait 10 minutes very often.."
,Not Recommended,239030,7925242,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,4RM3D [anime247],"It is not a bad game, it's just not for everyone. Personally I had a few problems with it that prevented me from enjoying the game.No morale choiceYes, it is possible to let people enter. But some mysterious checking system immediately gives you a warning if they weren't allowed entry. Because you only get paid for people that enter, you want to let as many people in as possible. Which brings the next problem...Time basedYou only have limited time. Meaning if you get a difficult case, you automatically get less income. It's counterproductive. It's also unfair, but I guess that's how the regime works. Anyhow, the time based events made worse because of a ...Cumbersome UIThe UI is annoying. Especially when you need to compare things to point out discrepancies, because you need to keep flipping pages back and forth. It's just tiresome and no fun."
76561198022711313,Not Recommended,239030,9691446,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,aironneil,"Let me get this out of the way; yes, Papers, Please is a very unique game which does a good job at making something as boring as stamping papers at a border stop actually engaging. It’s definitely worth a look at – and that’s it.The whole time I was playing this game I felt like its message was hammering itself on me with a jackhammer the whole time making me feel like the game was very pretentious. I just could not get into the game the whole thing pretty much forced you to memorize the entire guide book on the countries symbols, capitals, etc… And yes, I am well aware this is probably the point of the game, but it still makes it a not very user friendly experience.Again though, the game is definitely worth a look, but it's really not for me..."
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,239030,17654547,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Westenra,"It's like working at the DMV, but with more death."
76561198062549752,Not Recommended,239030,7887028,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lokenzal,"Playing this game felt like working a crummy job. While there are some interesting elements, overall the game is tedious. There is very little story and the graphics are bad so all there is to the game is its monotonous paper stamping gameplay."
,Not Recommended,239030,23274948,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Maxadelic,its terrible
,Not Recommended,239030,8622682,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,infant annihilator,Its literally like working in an immigration department you just stamp♥♥♥♥♥♥Not worth it at all.
,Not Recommended,239030,9649342,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,tony,it's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043766068,Not Recommended,239030,8154008,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,cass_kid,"This game is rubbish. Literally awful. There is little to no variety in the situations which present themselves. If youre looking for a fun game, do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,239030,29525761,Posted: 27 January,all,ImAlfie,"Boring and repetitive, don't buy"
76561197990025481,Not Recommended,239030,7934355,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,D-Bunny,"Im not saying the rest of these reviews are misleading into making this game look like its the bomb, but they are."
,Not Recommended,239030,32800039,Posted: 25 June,all,kat038,"I hate that I am giving this a thumbs down, because it's not an awful game at all. In fact, I might even recommend it sometimes, maybe? Part of the reason why I am giving this a thumbs down is just because I think an ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating is a little much.Is this a decent game? Sure. I played it for a little over two hours, and had a good time. But it's definitely monotonous, and while I felt for the characters a bit, it wasn't like some insane emotional experience, which might have made up for the somewhat lackluster gameplay. I accidentally uninstalled this game the day after playing it, without having finished the game, and realized that I didn't really care enough to reinstall it. That's sort of how I feel about this game-- it's interesting enough, but overall is a little boring and seems a little over-hyped.Pros:Kick-as s theme songGraphics/artwork that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but works because of the game's atmosphere and themesDecent and unique gameplay that starts out pretty funInteresting take on oppressive government, if, I don't know, you're into that kind of thingCons:Gameplay gets old pretty quicklyGraphics/artwork that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥Not a super engrossing storyMight be worth a buy, if it's on sale. Otherwise I'd probably say skip it. It does have a dope theme song though."
,Not Recommended,239030,25220045,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WANG DONG,why does mommy hit me?
,Not Recommended,239030,8285897,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Thajo,"Boring. Overly difficult. Stressful. It's a desk job simulator, not a game."
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,239030,7986960,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,"I get it, bureaucracy is boring, like this game..."
,Not Recommended,239030,7826610,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Atherma,Nope. Don't.
76561197968375459,Not Recommended,239030,8583436,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Joe_Mayo,"Fun, ish. For what it is it's good. but lets be honest it's a mini game (just hear me out). This, as a stand alone game, is hollow. It would be more appropriately a small part of a larger game. It's Indie and i do love indie games but do yourself a favour wait for it to go on sale, if you can't stop yourself from buying it. 10$ isn't much, but people need to keep in mind the value of a dollar"
76561198082687413,Not Recommended,239030,29601169,Posted: 31 January,all,wrhunter,"Not worh the time, if what you want is entertaining. If you seek knowledge, go fetch a history book."
,Not Recommended,239030,7991987,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Slow,why do people like this game
76561198097051096,Not Recommended,239030,8285703,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Holysauce,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, just don't buy it. ♥♥♥♥ what the reviews say."
,Not Recommended,239030,8180814,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,spaced,"The game suffers from poor graphics, an unintuitive interface, and is simply a pheonix wright game with all the joy taken out of it. There are much better puzzle games to play, go play those."
76561198097690633,Not Recommended,239030,7977050,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,GoldenSpartan052,this game is not worth your money at all this should be a free flash game on some free games site. WATSE OF MONEY
76561197980795301,Not Recommended,239030,13845724,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Xen0tech,Really wanted to like it but it feels too much like I am working instead of trying to relax and game. I guess in that respect they nailed it. If you are unemployed and want to get that employed feeling this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,239030,7976277,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,msforbes,"For the love of God, do NOT buy this game!  If you do, you will regret it.  I am quite sure that the professional rules are either made up or as old as the tech/graphics in the game.  If a developer wants to preach about the oppression of communist regimes they should at least make the game free.  Paying any amount of money for this game is a waste of your money."
76561198324256069,Not Recommended,239030,30734451,Posted: 25 March,all,creepercraft 2.0,ok
,Not Recommended,239030,32394833,Posted: 13 June,all,whisperダブ,"i wanted to smash that 1 slovokian woman that crossed through I even let her in without a passport which costed me my job so now me and my kids are living in poverty eating wet grass everyday. I guess we could call ourselves vegan and some feminist may help us out and they we will trick her and roast her for meat because you know, whale meat tastes good."
,Not Recommended,239030,116644,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,VALDRIK,pagar més de 3 euros per això es un robo
,Not Recommended,239030,7964235,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,⎠ Genuien Jazz ˣˣᶦᶦ,why is my papers please not working?
,Not Recommended,239030,7836895,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,kru,This is a terrible example of games as art.  I wasted my $ to find that out.  Don't waste yours.
,Not Recommended,239030,8834709,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Kamiyama,The worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ever made by the human race.
,Not Recommended,239030,33268812,Posted: 5 July,all,GameZard,My Playthroughhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fMzWQASqiMThe ReviewWhy does a game like this exist? I get the point of this game as it is trying to illustrate though gaming how life of a communist worker is. How everyday they do the same monotonous job for little to no pay I get it. But the thing is that being a communist worker is not fun. Videogames are about having fun. This game don't even function as an educational game as it is based on fictional nations. I can't recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,239030,33289961,Posted: 5 July,all,fallenbark39,"I bought this game and it sucks its like doing chores, do not buy this, its for hipsters who think they play the best games ever"
,Not Recommended,239030,8175146,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,apdiddy,This game sucks. Anyone who likes it is an idiot.
,Not Recommended,239030,29773807,Posted: 7 February,all,Sokol,This is not how it was in real life!!! Most of the times the passport checker would just let the terrorist pass! Not make him jump over the wall! God... How rude.
,Not Recommended,239030,25572515,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Plaster Cramp,It's like being at work!
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,239030,29392750,Posted: 21 January,all,Plebleb,"Boring. I don't know why this game is so highly rated. Probably some Youtube Let's Player reviewed it and all the Steam kiddies went and bought it with their parents' allowance, and they found out it's sh!t but are in denial so they spammed the game with positive reviews. As someone with a job who understands the value of money I want to tell other fellow adults that this game is so god-damn boring."
,Not Recommended,239030,31942077,Posted: 24 May,all,morry925,"It will be fun they said, you will enjoy it they said. well, I DIDN'T F*CKING ENJOY IT!!11!11!!!!!!11!1111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111!"
,Not Recommended,239030,30525457,Posted: 15 March,all,Jarjar,"bad graphics, and im too dumb for this game."
,Not Recommended,239030,25509404,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BlazinBlaziken,"I got this thinking it may be some fun, but, honestly, kinda crap, day one is simple enough, but the game gets very boring, very repetitive, very quickly, and day after day it adds new things, but no explination on how to use it properly, I had to google something to understand, and well, yeah, just, don't buy the game, don't make the mistake I did."
,Not Recommended,239030,23125700,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sasuke Uchiha,sucked
76561198087893555,Not Recommended,239030,30583688,Posted: 17 March,all,FearSpear,Playing with a pile of horse feces is more entertaining.
76561198003067812,Not Recommended,239030,25574476,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,raahsnavj,"Work... Seriously someone made a game that is worse that work. How this got positive reviews beats me...It starts harmless enough, you compare a few numbers and rules and stamp it approved or denied.Then it adds in checking for another document,and then another,and then another.All for almost no pay, your family will get sick, you won't be able to feed them... I'm assuming the lesson to be learned here is to turn people away so you get more money?I guess if you play it a few times you will memorize the handbook which will make things go faster. But seriously people? Have we come this far that 'entertainment' is pretending to do a job that absolutely sucks and then giving it great reviews? People now-a-days have issues..."
,Not Recommended,239030,35066839,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,boring
76561198040887051,Not Recommended,239030,30560562,Posted: 16 March,all,Jake Elliott is my dad,Boring AF
,Not Recommended,239030,23814996,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kane,Overpriced for a game with horrible graphics
76561197989591609,Not Recommended,239030,26497028,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Captain Slingshot,I still don't know why this game was reviewed so well. It was just okay... and I still have zero urge to go back and play it.
,Not Recommended,239030,11610538,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Dwarfy,more like gay please
,Not Recommended,239030,13045300,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,gloog,Horrible Job: The Game
,Not Recommended,239030,26549555,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,grandtheftautoonline,wtf i alredy work at mcdonadls why would i wnat to work a t burger king asswelll??
76561198013452570,Not Recommended,239030,28481505,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ho Lee Fuk,"A game with glowing reviews and only $4?!  How could I go wrong?  Well, I've played for 1.6 hours now and it was neither fun nor interesting.  I have no idea what the people talking about moral dilemnas are talking about.  I found it to be just tedious.  I don't want to play anymore."
76561198086177398,Not Recommended,239030,32716678,Posted: 24 June,all,Jasper,trash
76561198323826078,Not Recommended,239030,26711084,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Autizmo33,depressing af
,Not Recommended,239030,28458728,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,pikg!,"Um, no.Characters show their papers and basically you must memorize them. It's not a game. It's a boring school test designed by an overly anal professor."
76561198067850702,Not Recommended,239030,26750751,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,adventurewill,"This game feels like a prank.  I was pranked into buying this.  That's the only explanation.The whole game is just 'Stamp Passport.  Repeat.""  It's exactly as exciting as working at a real customs desk, which is to say not exciting at all.Maybe I'm ruining the joke for everyone, but if you're not in on it, heed this warning: The positive reviews for this game are sarcastic."
76561198328549593,Recommended,239030,30414456,Posted: 9 March,all,LIJX csgoroll.com,I would never expect looking through peoples documents would be so fun and interesting but any way game is awesome worth your money 10/10
76561198027951509,Recommended,239030,30409976,Posted: 9 March,all,Aki,"So simple, get so good."
76561198208902348,Recommended,239030,30408027,Posted: 9 March,all,Aufgenommen,I love you jorji
,Recommended,239030,30415569,Posted: 9 March,all,Eddie The Bastard,"It's good, but there is one small problem:I beat the story ages ago, and since then I've only played on endless mode (perfection, stage 4). It's still fun for a while, but one of the best things about the story were the unusual events that happened every now and then, like when EZIC (or whatever they're called) come along to get you to do things, or someone gives you a bomb and runs away. There is nothing like this in endless mode, so your just cheaking in everyday normal people over and over until you make a mistake (which, when you've played the game as much as I have, you don't do a lot). So, if the game were ever to recive a large update or, more likely, a sequal, I think some random events like these (just random instead) should be added, it would make it much more intresting.I rember once, I spent 6 hours straight on a single perfection game (where you just keep going endlessly until you make a mistake, then you need to start a new game), and I think I'm now, or at least was at the time, in the top 200 best in the world at the game (a lot of them in the highest 50 spot deffinatly hacked there way up there though, cos some of them had littrilly a billion points, which would take many decades longer than this game has been out to achive, something should probably done about it cos I want to see what position I'd really be in, cos 6 HOURS man), but I was just so bored of the game afterward cos, like I say, endless mode is really repetitive after about an hour long game (how long I probably last on average), so it would have been so much more entertaining with random events."
76561198079403769,Recommended,239030,30350094,Posted: 5 March,all,Coffee,Big Brother is always right.
,Recommended,239030,30381934,Posted: 7 March,all,MissingMonster,this game is good but foronly when youre bored
,Recommended,239030,30150718,Posted: 24 February,all,TheGamingPotatoe,Great game Graphics are throwback and I LOVE it thanks :)
,Recommended,239030,30400383,Posted: 8 March,all,Octopus Salad,"I found this game only good for a couple of playthroughs after that it became tedious for me.  The gameplay actually reminds me of a job I used to have that I didn't like but I got paid real money.  With that said, it was a really unique idea.  The first time playing I was really intrigued.  The story is great and the charactors have a lot of personality.  I wouldn't pay full price for it because it's possible you'll only get a couple hours out of it.  But I think it's worth playing."
76561198176802671,Recommended,239030,20999307,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,janispepe,"Really fun game, nothing else to say... ExceptGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198022295389,Recommended,239030,10475416,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Bacohij,"I tried to write a draft of this review, but i ran out of Papers, Please."
,Recommended,239030,10477337,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DatNewt,Very addicting.
76561198112461563,Recommended,239030,10477737,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,AspiringWriter95,This game is addicting and the twists and turns that are thrown in keep the game interesting. Otherwise it would be the same task over and over again. The upgrades are nice and helpful and the setting is very well played out. I could play this game for hours without a failure on my part. I love the old-style graphics and how much character the game has at times.
,Recommended,239030,10469798,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,sheffwed48,GOOD
,Recommended,239030,10582787,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,+AIDS,"Lots of decisions to make through the whole game which can affect a lot. Very interesting interactions with characters, dark humour, I love it."
,Recommended,239030,10569546,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Berk,Herkese göre bir oyun değil ama fikir uygulama olarak inanılmaz iyi.
76561198116242189,Recommended,239030,10569781,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SlowMotionError,"To be honest I wasn't sure about this game when I heard about it but decided to give it a go anyway and it is strangly addictive, I love it... I guess you can't judge a book by its cover."
,Recommended,239030,10680976,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Star Stalker,I have no idea why I bought such a crappy looking game. BUT IT IS ADDICTIVESimple stuff but so easy to miss the small details. A good buy if you find it on sale
,Recommended,239030,10768301,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Seize the memes of production,"simply amazing, love this game!"
,Recommended,239030,10768308,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,John,Very fun :)
,Recommended,239030,10772552,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mega Missingno.,A stressful and infuriating experience that will make you hate yourself for having played it.Thumbs up.
76561198092451888,Recommended,239030,10692260,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gaminesque_gaMER,"Very cool.  It's a very simple game but the possibilities within its setup seem endless.  (There are apparently 20 different endings to the game.)  That simplicity is really also a testament to the point it makes; once set inside the seemingly simple job of checking passports, the different pressures around you begin to stretch you thin and force you to choose which direction in life you want to go."
,Recommended,239030,10692303,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dashie,"It is a wonderful game where you are a border inspector letting people cross the border or kick them out. However it is much more than it sounds  it is a game of choices of humanity or greed where you chose to feed your family or let a refugee cross, help a secret scociety or ignore them. It is beautiful in every aspect of the word."
,Recommended,239030,10692629,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,patstam,"I never thought stamping passports could be this fun. Papers, Please does a great job of layering on the difficulty as you progress to keep the gameplay interesting and addictive."
,Not Recommended,239030,10692957,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,IndyPapiChulo,"I want to recommend this game, based on the concept alone. As you've probably seen in other reviews the game forces you to make a conscious choice as to who you will be, and the choices that are presented couldn't be more polarizing.So far, I've found the game to be stressful, too stressful to be able to enjoy in the way I'd want to. I work a full day at the booth approving or denying entry, only to go home and find that everyone in my family is cold, sick, starving, and there's nothing I can do about it. I'll bring as many people through as safely and accurately as possible, and can't earn enough income to keep my family from dying.Too depressing, too stressful."
,Recommended,239030,10693007,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Agent Orange,I thought this would be some cheap knock-off game to waste $3 on. I was completely wrong. The constant stress wondering if I had made the right desicion makes this my favorite single-player game to play at the moment. Cause no trouble. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10693217,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darkstar,"A nice simple game for a nice simple day.While appearing to be a generic game we might have played a wee childrens, this game offers much more then what is expected. The developers did an excellent job at tossing in a bit of humor and struggle all throughout the game to keep you entertained."
76561198049011606,Recommended,239030,10693226,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Elliottion82,This is the place to look if you need more paperwork in your day!  Especially when you know that your mother-in-law's life depends on it.
76561198041972597,Recommended,239030,10693369,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Narcissistic_Narwhal,"Absolutely brilliant, especially if you like paperwork. Even if you don't like paperwork."
76561198059643964,Recommended,239030,10693434,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jumpscarlitos,awsome game very addictive worth the price
,Recommended,239030,10693692,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scream Pie,"Brilliant game where you play an immigration officer in fictional cold-war state.The concept is easy enough to understand, but the game is very strict. A new rule or regulations regarding immigrants is added nearly every day.This means you have to check more documents for validity, all while trying to process enough people every day so you can make enough money to feed your family and keep them warm.The story mode (which has 20 different endings!) adds an extra dimension to the game, terrorists and secret organizations are trying to get into the country and it's up to you to prevent them or not, but your choice will have consequences either way.This all is interspersed with some great humour which is the proverbial cherry on top.I would recommend this game to anyone ever!"
76561198029699415,Recommended,239030,10693983,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,meganite,Make monotony fun. :)
,Recommended,239030,10694422,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Brian Beer God,Dystopian border control.Ridiculously simple but super fun game.  Shouldn't be as fun as it is!
76561197970472591,Recommended,239030,10694958,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LastDitchEffort-TPF-,Fun time killer!
,Recommended,239030,10695178,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SQUANCHY,"Despite the seemingly repetitive gameplay, the game is very interesting and plays well. I'd recommend it as a must-buy for the price."
76561198132801134,Recommended,239030,10399507,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,KTK92,"The gameplay is simple: look through immigration paper work and accept or deny entry.  However, there is ethical decisions to make and you have a family to feed.  With such a simple concept I thought I would be bored quickly, but I love this game and it has the ""just one more turn"" aspect that will keep you playing much longer than you anticipated."
,Recommended,239030,10399619,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,InputOutsourced,a must have for anyone who is looking for an affordable game to add to their library.9.5/10
,Recommended,239030,10348521,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Cupcake,I reccomend this game. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10329692,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,arcil,"The best you can get out of a simulation game like itself. It is unique, it has no cons. Everyone should get this game and it is definetly worth the money.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4GWyd7vhj0- Glory to Arstotzkan10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10318627,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,PaPa_Xray,This game is simple and awesome at the same damn time.
76561197994890608,Recommended,239030,10326155,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Catz,"I was debating if I should buy this or not and then I found the Yogscast video on youtube, hilarious. I love this game!"
76561198070880170,Recommended,239030,10350777,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DeltaV,I really enjoy playing this. It really makes you pay attention to those who might be trying to pull a fast one on you. I love how you can control the engind of the game in many ways. Certainly a good game to pass time. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,239030,10352252,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Brohan,Painfully heavy. Different feeling to a game. You learn to be efficient and not be attached to anything.
76561198038996852,Recommended,239030,4557739,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Djin & Jews,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing rad
,Recommended,239030,10355202,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,mike,"Such a unique game, I had fun all the way through, and I still need to go back and try for more alternate endings. Definitely pick this one up, it's well worth the price."
,Recommended,239030,4697924,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Voltigeur,"Papers, Pleaseis a strangely engrossing and affecting indie game. The premise seems simple enough; you're working as an immigration officer in a fictional pseudo-Soviet country, and all you need to do is deny or approve a hopeful immigrant based on his/her papers.But then, you learn that you have a family of four to support, and make barely enough money to pay rent, let alone pay for food and heating (or at times medication for your increasingly sickly family). As regulations get stricter, your workplace becomes more hectic; it becomes more difficult for you to do your job, and consequently more difficult for you to provide for your family. You encounter surprisingly weighty moral decisions; do you let in someone you know to be a criminal because he will give you enough money to survive another day? Do you let in a woman who will die if she returns to her home country, even though she is missing some of her papers and you may be jailed if the authorities find out?Situations like these become more common as the days go on and add surprising depth to what initially seems like a simplistic game. While it would be odd to call this unlikely social commentary ""fun,"" as it is at times very stressful, it is definitely absorbing and worth the price. A must-try.9.5/10"
76561198065262964,Recommended,239030,10020477,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Renegade Wolf,"Nail Biting. Will I be able to feed my family? Is today going to be my last? Is gorgi gonna try to sneak in drugs? Is this guy a criminal? Why does your passport say your a women when you're clearly a dude? Those are all the questions you'll ask when you buy papers please and at just 9.99 its well worth it. I give Papers, Please a 9/10."
76561198086070850,Recommended,239030,10294933,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ramen Max,"Really interesting little game, worth time playing"
76561198007182557,Recommended,239030,10364739,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Yote,Roleplaying elements and sardonic humour made into a game. What's not to love?
,Recommended,239030,9885949,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Stylus,"Papers, Please is possibly the most fun you can have in the most mundane setting.It's 1982, and after the six-year war between Arstotzka and Kolechia comes to an end, the Grestin border checkpoint opens, reuniting families and allowing the safe passage of all sorts of characters. As the checkpoint inspector, it is your duty to approve or deny people based on the documents they have and the details therein.Not only does Papers, Please immerse you in the fascinating world of excessive bureaucracy, but it forces you to make moral choices throughout, determining the fate of travellers and immigrants, aiding or hindering subversive elements, all while ensuring the survival of you and your family.Such is life inGlorious Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,10369467,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,BlueBerry_Dino,Very good game many endings
,Recommended,239030,10187528,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,kerred,"Recommended for those with an open mind to gaming, and those who find the concept of ""paperwork"" intriguing.For those who can tolerate the paperwork/puzzle-like mechanic, you get an interesting way of how a video game tells a story."
,Recommended,239030,10188077,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,|UTB|_Doug_,"Awesome, addictive game. Challenging yet grinding. Awkward and funny.Won a BAFTA. 'Nuff said."
76561198028478631,Recommended,239030,10188109,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,cruddybuddy32,For when your in the mood to play something diffrernt and a little more mellow. GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!
76561198124742186,Recommended,239030,10189311,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Hecko,it is good
,Recommended,239030,19558537,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,mgndvs,Enjoyable game with a really cute concept.Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198256512430,Recommended,239030,30622802,Posted: 19 March,all,munkybubbles,"This game is so addictive. I love it. It gets more and more complicated and there are so many different possible endings, and yet the game itself is fairly simple"
76561198073755526,Recommended,239030,19219662,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,nervous laughter,"An tale of the implications of bureaucracy on border guards in totally-not-Russia dystopia. It may look like it came from the 1980's, but Papers, Please has surprisingly effective moral quandry, along with some nice gameplay. It ain't exactly flashy, but it's a good game.However to say any more would be spoilers."
76561197972108939,Recommended,239030,19237164,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cultist-Chan,"Shockingly good, a truly original game and idea."
,Recommended,239030,19191455,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Snaleks,"Great game, suprisingly fun to play. The music is fantastic and so is the art style. But the real reason why you should get this game is because it's perfect for the times you're either feeling down or kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥after losing a bunch. Just unleash your merciless fury at all those who oppose* the great and glorius Aristotzka and watch them being draged away whilst realizing that they'll never see the light of day again.*by oppose I mean that they might e.g have an expired visa >:)"
,Recommended,239030,30628386,Posted: 19 March,all,Chapel,"Damn good game! Very popular, but i still recomend it for anyone who has an extra ten bucks."
76561197965813702,Recommended,239030,19251194,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Drexel,"A mechanically simple game that contains enormous depth.  Sorting and stamping papers can get hectic and stressful, but it's the moral choices that are the real challenge.  You can overlook a discrepancy to allow a wife return to her husband, but if you can't afford medicine for your family then you have to realistically consider having her jailed and use the commission to pay for treatment.Papers, Please puts you in many of these scenarios and stretches your ability to act in a moral way.  You will eventually realise that some situations cannot be resolved without something horrible happening to someone - and you are the pivotal deciding factor.  A lot of time is spent afterwards justifying the decision to yourself.A very unique game that provides insight on how people can act in terrible ways, and how anyone, under the appropriate circumstances would act the same, including you.A longer more detailed review of this depressing, but fantastic game here:http://theboilingpot.net/papers-please/"
,Recommended,239030,30627119,Posted: 19 March,all,rcamgameryt,Best game in the century
,Recommended,239030,19326964,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ｓｕｐａｈｓｕｌｌｉ,One of the best video games ever. It is flawless. Buy it. NOW!
76561198088331407,Recommended,239030,19325716,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jesus,this game is amazing may not seem like much but is awesome and is very addictive as you can see by my hours a ton of fun make sure your willing to lose family friends girlfriends/boyfriends any social life what so ever be prepared to get bad grades and make sure you have a tissue for masturbation because your going to have to masturbate while you stamp passports also make sure you have a comfortable seat cause youll be sitting there the rest of your life as im typing this i have papars please in a window next to steam good game but your throwing your life away
76561198213510935,Recommended,239030,19325392,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Unkabell,I absolutely love this game! It's a very simple but addictive game with great old school graphics. I recommend to everyone I know.
76561198020052132,Recommended,239030,19344518,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,emilyami,"I enjoy the game, but I have to be in a very particular mindset to want to play it. The game is frustrating and monotonous at times, and you have to realize that this is a part of the immersion into the setting. It is intentional. However, a frustrating and monotonous game is not one I personally am going to pick up on a regular basis. This is a game that feels very much like work. If that's not something that you're interested in, look elsewhere.If, however, you like to be immersed into a setting in an interesting, creative way, go for it."
76561198059861609,Recommended,239030,19347438,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Webbling,"Sometimes you hit rough days where terrorists just wreck everything, but the great nation of Arstotzka will push past these dark days. As a border patrol, it is your job to protect our great nation while also allowing great citizens and foreigners to enter. Will you step up to the challange and defend the motherland?In all seriousness, I initially bought this game during a summer sale for 5 dollars because of it's great reputation, but I always thought playing it would give me stress. However, I started playing it last night and I deeply regret not playing for a year and a half after I bought it. It isn't just about checking passports, the game has a type of a story line that is fun to follow.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,19304854,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr. Bucket™,For Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,19308144,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Theodore Roberts,"I tried to be a good person, I guessed I failed."
76561198114125112,Recommended,239030,19374706,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sir_Garith,This game is Great! teaches observation and economics of Family! The game has good plot twists and many endings. Glory to Arstotkza!
76561198058948965,Recommended,239030,30639854,Posted: 20 March,all,LoudOwl,I am in love with this game dude..
,Recommended,239030,19488898,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,OP,"I'm in love with this game. The mechanics are wonderful, the aesthetics are perfect, there is nothing wrong with this game. Aside from the fact that simply put, you sit there and verify documents of immigrants and nationals alike at a corrupt border patrol box. It's interesting the avatar identity that I find myself coming to when it comes to this game, and I urge anyone who plays it to consider the political implications of your actions. Would you let someone in if they give you a sob story? Would you let someone in if they seem dangerous, but promise to make your country better and less corrupt?"
76561198107221097,Recommended,239030,19501134,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,carleton.vaughn,"Hello, sir, welcome to your new job as border control! Here, you check for flaws in peoples' passports! If they don't meet the requirements in the rule book, they need to keep out, if they do, they need to go in! Every person you tell to go somewhere, is five bucks, every person who goes to the wrong place, however, is a five dollar fine! You also have to bay for rent, food, heat and meds! If you can't pay the rent, you die. If your family dies, you die. If you let a terrorist in, we all die! Isn't this job going to be fun?!Glory to Arstotzka, the worst contry ever!"
76561197972320640,Recommended,239030,19516195,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tzeentch,This game is great. It's hard to describe why it's great though...
76561198025048346,Recommended,239030,19435046,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,registration-e,Nice!
76561198073319250,Recommended,239030,19540037,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ralph,"This game is addictive and fun, but ♥♥♥♥ING FRUSTRATING! If you rage at video games then your knuckles are going to be in pain from smashing your fists down on your computer table after playing this game.Here's some word of advice before you start playing: if you except any bribes from people, then please do not spend that money on housing upgrades! Save it for your family or you'll be sent to prison under suspicion and your money will be confiscated under ""further investigation"".Two endings already and I've only received the bad ones.I've given this game a thumbs up because I found this game not only fun, but original and creative, and as the game can be quite brutal at times, it also pushes me to make new walkthroughs so I can progress further through the game, which, intern gives a greater sense of accomplishment after I've beaten my record and for that I strongly recommend you purchasing this game."
76561198124889291,Recommended,239030,19541355,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,xXKiller_6526Xx,"Started the game!,Had lots of fun days 1-12,Got harder days 13-14,Didn't play a while,Played day 15,Finished,Next day inspector somes,I thought it was good :DGot arrested D:Game Over, You lose.10/10 Great game!"
,Recommended,239030,19539395,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,simianspaceman,"I see why this game won the awards it did. Hard as the iron curtain, with 4x the feels!"
,Recommended,239030,30643189,Posted: 20 March,all,Posshim,">Great practice for when i'm unwillingly drafted to Trump-Wall-Patrol<The game is appealing to look at and fun to mess around withfor hours, checking people and sorting through papers likeyour some superior authority.Also it's got some nice characters and small secrets to findfor yourself.~Glory To Arstotzka~"
76561198122278623,Recommended,239030,16418580,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SebastianC9,"Very interetsing and inovating game. The music, the art style and obvius relevence too current world issues add up too an emotional and rewarding experience11/10 Would Please some papers again."
,Recommended,239030,8054319,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,nudecelebsforfree,This is the second game I have ever seen that deserves a 10/10 not like COD (not to name anyone... IGN!) as it is perfect and has no problems with it. It still has a free demo which is same as the first 10 days so I would play that first
76561197993446142,Recommended,239030,8057326,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,NicholasH,Fun game. Requires good level of concentration to play for prolonged hours! Nice retro Amiga feel to the design - gfx & music.
,Recommended,239030,7944208,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Web Dev Wolf,Amazingly addictive simple little game - love it!
,Recommended,239030,7945131,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,wolfibolfi,Go buy this masterpiece! Glory to Arstotzka!
76561197992741912,Recommended,239030,7945653,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Josilot,Pretty Good!
76561198061489994,Recommended,239030,6219793,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,GalacticFallout,"For a game about stamping passports, this game did an exceptionally good job. It somehow takes a menial, repetitive task and puts it in a story and setting that manages to keep the player entertained and engaged. Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198071606481,Recommended,239030,7946924,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,erik.m.kelly,Great commentary on statism
,Recommended,239030,7949022,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Nondar X Suomdy,"This is a great game for passing the time. It can be hard at times if you aren't quick and efficient, but it's still really fun. It's worth the $10."
,Recommended,239030,7949167,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,demonic_celery,"The game itself seems like a very simple ""find the differences"" game to start, but it evolves quickly into a game of dexterity and concentration. You realise that you can't always just take your time to get it right and be perfect. You have to process a lot of papers just to keep your family fed and warm, and sometimes you have to sacrifice food, or heat, or that present your kid wants, or medicine. You also realise the while someone has all the right paperwork, you might want to take that hit and warning and deny them. That works the other way where you may let someone in intentionally, take the warning or penalty, but it could be for a good reason or bribe. I've seen 1 ending so far, and there are 20 different endings to this, so the choices you make will mean many different possibilites. I got it for $5 but I would say it is worth the retail $10."
,Recommended,239030,7950988,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Mr. Cake,"Deeply moving.Getting the negatives out of the way first. The game is a little slow paced though, definitely wish there was a slightly easier difficulty, with shorter day-cycles to give more of an opportunity to enjoy replaying it. People may say ""The game is meant to be slow, it's the whole idea"" but there is definitely a feeling of wading through the marshes that are put off by this game.Now for the positives. This game is an incredibly singular experience, having never seen anything akin to it in any form of media I really did enjoy it. I highly recommend giving this game a go, even if you aren't big on emotional experiences."
76561197972059337,Recommended,239030,8140929,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mark,The feel good jam of the summer.
,Recommended,239030,1860237,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,'Nee'Nome,What can i say about this game... more than GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!it's decent..... 10/10
76561198006965025,Recommended,239030,8141944,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sputzy,"I can now take ""Work at a border check point"" off my bucket list.Papers, Please is a much better option. More amusing than the real thing and going back to work each day is less depressing. For reasons I cannot put a finger on, it was difficult to stop playing once you start going.Despite it's old school graphics, the game itself wouldn't feel much different if it was digitally remastered."
,Recommended,239030,7358568,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Rat Year,"The game, although mundane, makes you want to play longer. This game is basically evil; it forces you to make decisions based on how much money it will get for you. Because you have a family that is cold, sick, and hungry and you need that money, so when a wife wants to see her husband but has an invalid expiry date on her passport, you deny her, just so you can feed your family. The game is quite simple at first, but after a while the rules and paperwork increasing, it becomes overwhelming and highly complex. It becomes even more complex as outside parties begin to bribe you. The main game mechanic is its biggest let down, for most people, it is mundane, checking passports and paperwork for any discrepancies can, and does, get frustrating and boring, however this boredom is key to understanding the game. The people who enter your window, to find a job, etc. just become more paper work, you no longer care for the humans trying to enter. You will find yourself abusing your power just to look after your family; it is a great insight into the dehumanisation of outsiders by a society. There are also hidden achievements which might make some players think again, you have no clue when these achievements happen, they just do, and it is rewarding, even if you lose some money. The game has great pacing, starting easy and ending complex and hard leaving the player in a state of emotional wreck. There is 20 ending which means more replay ability, but some events seem to be scripted and take away the enjoyment, the highs and lows repeating isn’t good. One area the maker (yes, made by one guy) missed was the lack of images for the family, which would have added even more emotion.9/10- Although mundane it is an emotional tug-of-war that will make you question your morals and help you too understand the people in that position."
,Recommended,239030,8428957,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Acid0057,"After playing through the games first three days, I can say it really feels like your in a run down country behind an iron curtian. It actually seems at first glance that it wouldn't be fun. But it actually is."
76561197993960920,Recommended,239030,1508699,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Tibbe5446,One of the most interesting indie-games i've played.
,Recommended,239030,8431891,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,randgalt,"This is the silliest, simplest and most addicting game I've played in a while. The epitome of indie gaming."
,Recommended,239030,8432171,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JohnJohn,"Very fun. You can pick it up and play it when you don't want to use too much time on a game. It's all about observation, and you get a feeling of accomplishment when you don't get letters of notification."
,Recommended,239030,8418017,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BACON,buy now!
,Recommended,239030,8418293,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[GWJ] mr_n00b,"Papers, Please is pretty brilliant in its message delivery. Let’s lure the player into becoming a paper pusher, make them experience the despondency of such a station, throw them head first into a morass of moral and ethical quandaries, and immerse them in an oppressive and corruptive environment with no chance for salvation. How could anyone create such an accurately reflective analysis of neo-fascist regimes and the coercion of otherwise regular citizens into the bureaucratic machine, all in the guise of a video game? Holy moly, you’re making me think! Games can do that?Papers, Please belongs on the steadily growing list of “games” that make the term “video game” seem silly and trite. We need a new term, and “interactive entertainment” ain’t gonna cut it."
76561198025614184,Recommended,239030,8419032,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Miss Casanova™,"The gameplay sounds monotonous but the role playing aspects are what really make this game shine. If you can immerse yourself in the game's world, the decisions that make up the bulk of the game can be very difficult to make. Even the gameplay can become fun and challenging as each day adds a new rule or feature to the game that you must pay attention to. I can see it being difficult to get into for people that aren't much into role playing but overall, I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,239030,8419284,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bagelz,In a weird way this game is so addicting. I recomend this to any one who wants time to fly by.
,Recommended,239030,8420143,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lambdalizard,"You wouldn't think this was a particuarly engaging game - I mean, all you do is compare documents and stamp passports. But after a few hours of play, I can't get enough of it. There are some deep stories in here, even if the game doesn't sport modern graphics. Well worth your time, money, and attention to detail :)"
,Recommended,239030,8420709,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nasdaqian,"Beautiful in all ways, makes you think about life a little bit and question yourself"
76561198040871990,Recommended,239030,8422547,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pudee_b,"Great game, everyone should play it"
76561198055736250,Recommended,239030,8422549,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,YDMfreshmaker,All the fun of working fruitlessly for hours in a soulless box for a crushing dictatorship.
,Recommended,239030,8411352,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,morbrolhc,Top. Better than you'd expect from the graphics.
76561198044184049,Recommended,239030,8412252,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"Arnelius, lord of all turtles",10/10 would play again
,Recommended,239030,8413180,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Palifael,"Papers, Please is a GEM.Simple Game, Easy to Play, Hard to Master, Highly Addictive. Very Old School type of computer game. A port of this on a phone would be amazing, I am VERY happy I bought this game."
,Recommended,239030,8413686,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DraastiK,"Oh wow, this game.I personally didn't hear about this until late last night. After watching some gameplay of this, I bought it first thing this morning, and spent the first 4 hours of my day playing it.I wouldn't say this game is definitely a 'must buy', more than it's a 'must play'. I normally don't write reviews on games, but I ABSOLUTELY had to with this.This game is absolutely worth the money, and the risk/reward for the different scenarios is just perfect. It almost has a little 'creepy' element to the game as well.The only thing that I have a compiaint about is the upgrades for the booth. First upgrade is a hot-key for identifying discrepancies, and the 4th upgrade is 'double-click' to identify discrepancies. I don't understand the point of that, and personally, I think it's not needed.If you're feeling unsure, just try the demo out. It has, I believe, the first 8 days in the game.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,8415179,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Area Man,"I would suck at being a border bureaucrat. Kinda fun pretending to be one though. I'm a softy, I keep losing because I let people through."
,Recommended,239030,8415759,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hooptalk; MHLiberator,"So addictive.Everyone should buy this, just because of the sheer dystopian life you are leading in it. The stress you are under, the desperation to keep everyone alive and happy... it is mental."
76561197985764122,Recommended,239030,8415794,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[JL]Sange,"Love this game, love the challenge love the story and gameplay if you like games where you do simple tasks that can become complicated this is the game for you"
,Recommended,239030,8417374,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Spicy Bubels,"Amazing game. The storytelling is great, even what seems to be a barren wasteland of gameplay is extremly fun to play."
,Recommended,239030,6952584,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Prickster,This game is definitely one of a kind. It's either a love it or hate it game.
76561197970524774,Recommended,239030,8411133,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,raythetse,"Haven't played anything quite like this one in a long time.  Feels a little bit reminiscent of the old Carmen Sandiego games, but its better than that.  You have to try to manage your time while checking multiple corresponding documents for each person that comes to your booth.  The rules change as each day passes; somestimes there are new rules, sometimes rules no longer apply.  You need to keep the pace up to earn enough money to feed, house, and keep your family heathy.  You also get to make moral dicisions.  If you are struggling to pay the bills, maybe you can accept a bribe here or there or help out some shadey internation organizations.  You have to be careful though because if you let too many of the wrong people through you lose money, and in some situations you may even be arrested."
,Recommended,239030,8434713,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,sbeckerleg,"I have seen many people review this game and have it on their 2013 top game list, so I thought I would give it a go....It's fantastic. OK the graphics are nothing to write home about but that is some of the beauty of the game. Gameplay makes up for it though and the moral choices you have to go through really do make this game stand out.This is highly recommended :)"
,Recommended,239030,8435291,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Breadfan,The feel good game of 2013.
76561197986605328,Recommended,239030,8436382,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,attila,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198087011070,Recommended,239030,8414695,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,scholasticus,"This is a devilish little game that hides surprises under its retro exterior. The premise is simple: you're an immigration official in Arkana in 1983, which feels a lot like Eastern Germany and the Soviet Union. Your biggest asset is your wits: visually inspect as many people's credentials as possible each day in order to earn money to maintain you and your family in your Class 8 dwelling in Arkana. Each day, a new rule is added to the ones already in effect, which often complicates matters and your ability to be as efficient as possible.This game is a wonderful little morality play: some people will beg you to let them through anyways (and you are allowed two errors each day before being fined for subsequent errors), and it really exemplifies the paranoia that existed during the Cold War, while also showing the difficulties that real-life immigration officers deal with on a daily basis.Aside from your mental agility, you're given (in)efficient tools here and there to help you, such as access to limited databases, a full-body scanner, and the ability to detain suspicious individuals, for instance.The only criticisms of this game that I have are:1. The people that you see each day are in the same order and have the same credentials, so one could circumvent the system by keeping a list of the people and whether or not to approve them for entry in order to maximise your paycheque. If this was randomised, it'd be even better.2. It's not always clear how exactly one uses the tools at one's disposal. The pictures are helpful, but some text explicitly noting what one needs to do in order to access new tools would be helpful.3. Since each day ends at 6 pm, it would be helpful to have a better-looking clock in the booth so it's easier to tell how much time is left in the day, especially if you're hoping to squeeze one last applicant in before you're finished for the day.This is a great little game to play here and there when you don't feel like firing up a fullblown game, particularly if you like logic puzzles and having to make snap decisions based on often incomplete information and hoping that you didn't just let a terorrist into Arkana (which I have done!)."
,Recommended,239030,8389111,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Spuud,Very expansive story!
,Recommended,239030,8389697,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Duck Poo,Who knew stamping papers could be so fun? Music is also great
76561197968784159,Recommended,239030,8388784,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,spidey202,"I really like this game.  You are essentially faced with a challenge every 20-80sec, and everytime you mess up, it just makes you want to try that much harder.It's not just the gameplay that makes it enjoyable, I really liked the addition of so many details that added to the immersion of the game.  You really get a sense of what life might be like in an eastern european country during the cold war.  If the game had none of the extra details added, it would be a waste of time and money, but those extras really show how a simple game can be made to be so rich and full of depth.I also liked that although you are essentially doing the same thing over and over, there are little additions that you keep aware of the larger story and allow you to make subtle decisions that impact the ending."
,Recommended,239030,8390415,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bloody,I have alot of fun with this game and the twist of the story is really cool.
,Recommended,239030,8390474,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bullet Bill,"I won't lie, I picked it up just because the title and the idea of the game made me laugh in a twisted sort of way.  This game surprises you by actually developing a pseudo-story line halfway through and is a nice bit of mental exercise along the way."
,Recommended,239030,8390514,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Discobox,It's just so compelling. The graphics remind me of the Where in The World is Carmen Sandiago (Apple IIE) GUI. Wonderful story told in a very unique way which makes us realise of lucky we are. Great stuff.
76561198035441146,Recommended,239030,8391253,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Abysmal Specter,"If you are a fan of games like Phoenix Wright and you want more discrepency finding action, then give Papers, Please a shot.I have yet to figure out why this game is so good, but that could be because I can't stop playing this game long enough to figure it out anyway."
,Recommended,239030,8391764,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dieharders,This is how you do a game about choices. Not that lame good/bad decision making mechanic that ultimately just unlocks 2 different endings. The consequences of your choices in this game determine what story you experience and defines your character. You essentially experience the game differently each playthrough based on choice.
,Recommended,239030,8393374,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Major_Minion,"One of the most original games I have played. The theme of of a run-down, war torn, corrupted communist country and its disillusioned inhabitants permeates every aspect of the game, from dialog, dirty grey palette pixel scenery, music and storyline. It is really well carried out.Papers, Please is proof that a good concept will go even longer than AAA-funding in creating a memorable gaming experience. I love that it is still possible for one clever game designer to build a success on his own like this. I hope to see more games from him in the future."
,Recommended,239030,3119228,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,sayitjustsayit,This is so gooood!!!
,Recommended,239030,8393648,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nemesis,"Much has been made of this game recently and it is, without doubt, one of the best games I have played this year. Your job is simple - guard the Arstotkan border. To have carved out a new genre ('dystopian document thriller') as well as using simple but effective narrative techniques are just two of the things that set this game apart from everything else. The dev's website(dukope.com)is also well worth checking out. Though your choice as inspector boils down to accept or deny, you will be surprised at the depth involved and the moral choices you will have to make - for example, someone's wife is certain to die if you turn her away but her documents aren't up to scratch, what do you do? It is, quite simply, brilliant. You should buy it, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,239030,8394158,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,nooobdude,remove kolechian kebab
,Recommended,239030,8395051,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ateles.,"I would have to say this is one of the best indie games i've played to date. You can become so easily attached to games with such little features, Shout out to Jorji (A character in the game)"
76561198119572655,Recommended,239030,8395152,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ducktileblock01,with 20 diffrent endings and 30 days to play through and a endless mode and made by one person this is addictive and enjoyable and worth every penny you spend on it
76561198062894237,Recommended,239030,7399971,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,MenErd,amazing
,Recommended,239030,7613638,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,mettenoia,"Funny, thrilling, stressing: Great!"
,Recommended,239030,237246,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Lobotomaxx,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198046638861,Recommended,239030,10518205,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Circlechange,"It's great fun, and quite hard in the later stages of the game that make you question your decisions, hoever morally pure you think they may be."
,Recommended,239030,10521237,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Blacktron_Ben,Glory to Arstotzka!This game had me shuffling papers back and forth and made me question my morals. With paper. In a game. Play this game. Then tomorrow I come back with real passport.
,Recommended,239030,10530604,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,gman.millington,Completely absorbing
76561198045056962,Recommended,239030,10534373,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,valavuoren allu,legend lives
76561198044332082,Recommended,239030,10535094,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Oh Stan,"Stress stress stress stress. Work faster, let people in, don't let people in. I am no tratior. Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198021618401,Recommended,239030,7817643,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cerebral,"I didn't believe it was possible to make stamping passports and cross-checking information tense but somehow Papers, Please has done just that. It's an indie game in every sense of the phrase, as the entire game was allegedly built from the ground up by a single man, Lucas Pope; that in itself makes it worthy of a look. While it won't appeal to everyone as it is essentially a point-and-click and others may find it a bit repetitive, I was pleasantly surprised at how involved in the game I became which I credit to the story. Additionally, twenty different endings to that story guarantees replay value and the branch-off save system makes it simple to explore them all. If it piques your interest, the beta is still free to download so you can see what you think.Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,10536477,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Scheherazade,"It is a really addicting, really fun game. It gets annoyingh after a while of playing though. When I first got this game I played for a few hours straight then stopped and never played again."
,Recommended,239030,1767837,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,cortop,Join mighty border patrol and stamp your way to the revolution! Or detain everyone.Best puzzle game is pride of greatest nation!Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,10542722,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,supergenius2012,"I haven't even finished this game yet and it still haunts me. It's simple premise and retro 8-bit graphics are a smoke screen for a game that is emotionally daunting.  This game literally manages to stare into your soul and reveal who you really are or at the very least who you could be given the right circumstances.  It reminded me of the Democracy games from Positech in the sense that you think it's a one-person-made-this point and click game with simple graphics but very soon you all of a sudden realize what it's like to be in that character's shoes and why characters like that are the way they are in real life.  In the Democracy games, you understand why politicians act the way they do.  In Papers Please, you understand by government security bureaucrats act the way they do.  It's sounds silly but you will not regret the experience.  In terms of most important games of all time that have an emotional impact on you, I'll easily put this up there with Myst, Final Fantasy VII, and the Bioshock series. Buy this game.  Let it change you."
,Recommended,239030,10543257,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,geo96_,Great Indie game!!!!!!! used to play it when it was a demo. Will not be dissapointed!!!!
,Recommended,239030,10543652,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,//Miss Jekyll,"A fantastic game. Much more than just paper shuffling and bureaucracy, it actually made me conflicted and made me feel for the generic pixelated characters and their back stories, and question my entire moral system.A gem of a game :)"
76561198095424289,Recommended,239030,10413504,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mattof7questions,"You know that feeling when when you just did something so diffenent and strange you are over come by the fact that you disarmed a bomb, sent people to there death, took bribs from drug dealers and at the end of the day come home to a family and go to work tomorow.That is Papers, PleaseMore interactive story than Game, More game than interactive story.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,10416489,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,vote labour to starve,"a truly excellent game. the atmosphere, the pixelatation and everything really do help in the idea of this ""dystopian document thriller"". buy this game."
,Recommended,239030,9768841,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Felix,"I am a bad person. I know that now. Bad, bad, bad - though really it depends on where you're standing. Mostly I'm just a human being.I didn't choose this job anyway, I ""won"" it - and I'm only trying to feed my sick family - so those arrogant journalists who try to get in without a visa so they can ""show the world the oppression"" and who call me a ""fascist"" can f*** right off. They're lucky that gun's locked awayProbably the best use of a game as a storytelling device ever.Bit of a landmark. Buy It."
,Recommended,239030,9770187,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,UmbraLune,"7.8/10Papers, Please!"
,Recommended,239030,6637003,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Clive Winston,"This game has very simple graphics and simple mechanics but it requires you to pay close attention to every detail, adding more and more things to look out for as every day passes. You're job is a border control/ passport approver for the country Arstotzka. The game is simple amazing and well worth the $10"
76561198133002842,Recommended,239030,9815417,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,mmm,goooooooood
,Recommended,239030,9816476,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Intel i69,"A very disturbing game considering there are countries like this in existence. I found it disturbingly amusing and sometimes odly   emotional, especially when you get attached to a character or you're visited by certain people. There are many different endings and I have only found a few, every ending differs in brutality and are quite realistic (Don't expect any miracles to save you.) This game requires a large amount of focus identifying discrepencies between passports and other information so if you're expectaing a casual, fun sort of game, then you should look elsewhere. If you play games that give you a large sense of achievement with; an intimate storyline and characters, that adapts to your every move, by all means purchase this game.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198028613642,Recommended,239030,9828104,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Dr Shemp,"A great game about the choices one makes when one's own job, family, and/or safety are on the line, and how one might inadvertently become a cog in the repressive machine (or not). And who doesn't love 8-bit looking explosions? My only complaint is that, I look at documents all day for my meatspace job, and I wasn't keen on doing it for funsies too."
76561198053355753,Recommended,239030,9829333,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,pammscooter,"The great thing about Papers, Please is that it manages so much with a core of very simple mechanics. It's complex story and multitude of endings blend perfectly and completely into the endlessly fun gameplay. Speaking of gameplay, it is choice. The mechanics are esay to learn and simple to comprehend but as more and more curveballs are thrown your way the process becomes hectic percise fun. Trying to balance percision with time management was always the greatest challenge for me, and I often found myslef actually speaking the actions I was executing just to keep it all straight in my head. The combination of percise fun gameplay and an immersive story and atmosphere make this a must play and a near perfect game."
76561198130877032,Recommended,239030,9830768,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,MOMO0307,"Great great game!It looks simple and mundane, but it's not.Destiny of your country and other people is upon your decision. So do it well, or you will be sorry."
76561198010573813,Recommended,239030,9830892,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Colonel Kassad,"This game... is brilliant in its simplistic elegance and innovation. The boldness of its developers decision to grapple with some very real issues and their moral dilemmas. The concept, story & atmosphere convey so much in such a simple platform I was stunned by the depth that the game already achieves by day 3.The intensity and oppression of the game's premise really starts to get to you if you take the time to think about what you're doing. Are these people spinning lies with a honeyed tongue or are you the judge of their fate? Will it cost them their freedom? Their lives? Having heard stories in real life from mentors who lived through the core years of the Cold War behind the Iron Curtain, it is distrubing how the game brings them to life.Papers, Please is a gem, that is a perverse, masochistic kind of fun in the most dystopian way. A stunning 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,2283754,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Sideshow,"A simple looking game but don't let that fool you. Papers, Please is SO worth it. Such fun to be had."
,Recommended,239030,9835095,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Bambini,"Like customs, only better.This game seems like the sort of joke indie game such as ""Goat Simulator"" that we've come to expect from small developers looking to make a quick buck. However, this game follows no such mould. The most impressive part of this game is the impact that your choices make. For example, at one stage during the game you are given the choice to get your son a crayon set for his birthday but as I did not have sufficent funds the entire family had to go without food or heat for a day.Another key feature is the amount of detail in a each person that comes through your little booth. The amount of time you have to spend closley studing the documents in front of you increases everyday and shows how taxing it really can be to be a border control officer.For what this game may lack in graphics or community it certainly makes up for in story and moral choices. One of the best indie games of all time. 18.5/20"
76561198064688305,Recommended,239030,9845185,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Attila the Fun,Is the sop
76561198025268859,Recommended,239030,9845771,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Skelethor,I get to be an underpaid border guard in a Communist country! It's like im living the life of my great grandparents!
,Recommended,239030,9859684,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zeus,Lots of Memorization required. Very addicting and fun to play in your spare time!
,Recommended,239030,9643506,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Apricity,GOTY 2013.
,Recommended,239030,9644106,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Thijzzemans,At first i felt bad about treating the people like this but this gets very addictive after a while.I realy like what the game has done.Now for the price of 9 euro's this is totally worth it.a 5 out of 5.
76561198099222640,Recommended,239030,9646331,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,mcdeigo99,This game is one of the best narrative games of the year. Lots of replayiblity and a great story.  Only downside is that the game can be too difficult and to short during a few playthroughts. 8.9/10
76561198034511785,Recommended,239030,9647674,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,samw1ch,"The man trying to enter Arstotzka doesn't have a valid passport. He tells you if you deny him then the people in his old country will kill him. You have already made two mistakes today so if you let him through you will loose five credits of what little you earned today. Your sick son needs those five credits for medicine or he may die. All of a sudden an alarm goes off and a terrorist is running past the check point with a bomb. You fumble for the key on your desk to unlock the cabinet with a tranq gun in it because yes, that is also your job. You shoot him and the border is closed the rest of the day because of the attack, leaving you with half a days pay. Your wife and son do not get food or heat tonight because you did not make enough credits. Your sick son lives to see the next day but you have to get more credits tomorrow or it might be his last.Such an enjoyable experience for a seemingly simple game. It is not for everyone and I would suggest finding a youtube review with comentary, not just gameplay, if you are thinking about getting it.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561197993260956,Recommended,239030,9497450,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,ComradeJim270,"One of the most amazing games I've played in that it does not put you in the role of saving the world in an exciting fashion or putting you in a position of great power. You're a nobody in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ position in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ country and it's all about how you deal with this crappy situation. Do you let a family be reuinited even though this may mean no food for your family? Will you faithfully serve the opressive regime you live in, or risk running afoul of the authorities? It's astoundingly moving and suspenseful given it's retro-looking design and deceptively simple gameplay. Well worth the price!"
,Recommended,239030,9610234,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,NIG MODE,Jorji Costova10/10
76561197969621289,Recommended,239030,9613786,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Woxhound,Simple and very hard at the same time. It's also very addictive. Maybe a bit to strict on errors (intentionnaly done or not) but still a very very good game. It's been a long time i didn't appreciate a game with such poor graphics that much.
76561198062323186,Recommended,239030,9610071,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Alex Forest,great  game! it is much deeper than it looks 10 out of 10
76561198047176468,Recommended,239030,9614479,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Zomzabib,Guards butt stroked a fellow in the face! 10/10
,Recommended,239030,9614912,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,coffbr01,Attention to detail is required in this game
,Recommended,239030,9615064,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Superflyguy3,"This game has made me concentrate more than any game has in a pretty long time. With the challenge escalating from mere passport differences, all the way to checking that countless amounts of information all match, whilst under a time limit that makes you want to squeeze as many checks through as possible to earn more money for your starving family, this game is a true brain buster.Aswell as straining memorisation, the gamer is required to make constant moral choices, which are even harder to make when the choices could compramise your job, thus starving your family or risking letting an illegal through so they can see their loved ones. Or money being so tight that you have to choose between heating for the night or food, or medicine for your family, or do you try and improve your booth at work in the hope to help earn cash faster? But with so many choices and endings that can occur at the end of almost any level, this gives the game GREAT replayability, with 20 endings, I not only want to keep my game going the longest, but after I want to discover the other, shorter endings too. The graphics work great with the gameplay and infact aid the gamer and help making identifying certain NPC's alot easier than say if the game was next gen graphics.I definitely recommend this game for those looking for a brain teaser or just something a different, but for me getting this at like £3.50 is a steal, hours and hours worth of gaming here, and I look forward to playing the 'Endless' mode to see how far I can go till my head explodes.8/10Sometimes I was stuck on how to do certain things due to a slight lack of explanation, and the game has a tiny issue of repetition, but it's of course bound to be."
,Recommended,239030,9615184,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,RedFallout 3,"Border Patrol Simulator 2013, Great game"
76561198124412881,Recommended,239030,9616225,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Hightower,"Love this game,  makes you pay attention to little details and it has a good story line to"
76561198082693011,Recommended,239030,9617047,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,citizensteel,Who knew working at border control could be so addictive! lol. Simple concept for a game which just seems to work. If you looking for an interesting and quirkey game then you should check this out.
76561197971716857,Recommended,239030,9444299,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Arma_Sektos,"This game can catch you off-guard very easily.  Still, it's quite a challenge; even those with quick wits and sharp eyes will make some mistakes.  Don't let that deter you though!  Play this game, there's an enjoyability to it that can't be put into words precisely."
,Recommended,239030,9444447,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Chicago Cyclist,"I love it so far, if you want to see how it is before purchasing, watch this video.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o30SoWqGmbM"
,Recommended,239030,9445898,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,~TotoroEmma(◕‿◕✿)~,"a must play game, even though the concept may seem quite boring it is really fun to just relax go through papers, deny people and curse as you get another fine for not checking  that guys right date of birthday :D"
76561198008264990,Recommended,239030,9445979,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Chompobar,"'Papers, Please' provides players with the most unique gaming experience since the launch of the PC Minecraft beta. Fascinatingly different, and surprisingly intense, 'Papers, Please' entertains in a way most games fail to even come close toward.Simple, yet challenging, this game offers tons of replay value with new elements of gameplay being brought into the game constantly. Dark, mature and enriching, the cold war esque feel of the game is riveting and depressing. A fair amount of memorable characters make their way into a simple yet endeering plot that will captivate you. Elements of survival also help keep the tension high as the life of your family and those around you are threatened through various forces.'Papers, Please' is unique, refreshing, grim and wonderfully cruel. You'll question your own morals as you are forced to hold the lives of strangers in your hand. Easily one of the best games of 2013. Wildly underappreciated.My rating: ABuy it now while it is cheap on Steam. Easily worth $4.99, or even the full price of $9.99"
76561197994855588,Recommended,239030,9446051,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,WitchHunter,Strange game of data matching. Difficulty ramps up farely quickly.
,Recommended,239030,9447243,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Squishy Sanguine Penguin,Great game about being a border guard checking credentials :) Makes you the most paranoid sociopath ever though.
,Recommended,239030,9448346,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Astraeus,"It sounds like it should be bad, but it's one of the most addictive and deep games for the price!"
,Recommended,239030,9450052,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Trebort,"This is a weird game. I bought it expecting some really poor time killer and I got really addicted to it.It's such a random idea for a game, but once you play it, it really hooks you. It smacks of 1984 of course, but it's brilliant.I managed to save myself and my family in the end, will you? :DReally fantastic. Give it a go!!!!"
76561198070465858,Recommended,239030,9460761,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Toby,"This game is great for three reasons: Art, Story and Sound/Music!"
76561198120813986,Recommended,239030,9461004,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Venrax,"Very addictive game.... Its what indie gaming is all about, not the best graphics but more than makes up for it with the gameplay. I'd play this anyday over the more major titles that rely on high end graphics  to compensate, for the crappy gameplay. Big thumbs up to the developer ..... Anyway *Gets Stamp* *** ENTRY DENIED *** ""Next"""
,Recommended,239030,9461139,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,The Hide of Nogg,"At this point I've only played this game for a little less than one hour. I can already tell why this amazing game is getting the accolades it has recieved so far. Don't be fooled by the simplicity of the graphics, this is a great game and any true gamer should have it in their collection."
76561197991279915,Recommended,239030,1315948,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,zephusdragon,Who knew spending time checking if passports are valid would be so much fun.
,Recommended,239030,1447887,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Chef Meatballs,"Just pushing papers, right? WRONG. YOU ALWAYS WRONG IN ASZTOTKA. BEST GAME EVER. GLORY TO ASZTOTKA."
76561198047427430,Recommended,239030,8712685,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Isaac,"So what do you do in this game? Stamp papers. You heard me, the whole game is focused on stamping papers. Lots of papers. To be specific, you play as an inspector who accepts or rejects passenger's passports. Make money at the end of each day by being as accurate as you can. Some passports are real, others... well they are fake. People would do whatever they can to get in Arstotzka, so be careful. What I personally love about this title is the choices you can make. You can choose to reject an individual's passport to avoid tickets and make money to support your family. OR you may accept their passport to save their dear life..but lose money because their passport is incorrect. It's your call; the power lies in your hands. The addition of special events, missions, secret organizations, news reports, and the ever changing requirements, makes this one very stressful game. It's stressful but rewarding. Glory to Arstotzka."
76561197980805481,Recommended,239030,10487174,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,MaXXGamer,The game is simple but while the story develops it becomes more complex. I never thought playing a border controller can be this awesome. It is a fantastic game
,Recommended,239030,10489615,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Defiant,this game is fantastiki spelled that wrong
,Recommended,239030,10494965,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Wubalubadubdub,Glory to arstotzka 10/10
,Recommended,239030,10430706,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Strodemeister,"Glory to Arstotzka! This game is hands down brilliant! Must have, please!"
,Recommended,239030,3107192,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,chylex,"Extremely unnerving, entertaining and has a very dark feel to it. You may find out some things about your personality."
,Recommended,239030,10923352,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Textron,"What an incredible game!  This game really makes your think.  Sometimes you have to make a descicion as to whether or not you should let someone through even if they dont have the right papers.  My favorite part of this game is being involved in a rebelion against arstotska.  The story was perfectly crafted and will change the way you think after you play it.  Last of all, jorgi made the game 10 times better!  This is a must have in your steam library"
76561197996075446,Recommended,239030,10923907,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,WittyRejoinder,"All the joy of quick memorization and reivew of multiple sources, with all the glamor and glitz of Soviet Block Era styling.  Why am I completely addicted to it?"
,Recommended,239030,10924123,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MysidianRydia,Glory to Arstotzka! The greatest country!
76561198042075327,Recommended,239030,10924557,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Connor the Stark Adventure Wolf,"A deceptively fun game, despite its unusual and simple game play mechanic"
,Recommended,239030,10925252,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zaurett,Gives me a new found appreciation for the UK Border Agency 10/10
,Recommended,239030,10926352,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,EliLightX,"I enjoyed this game for a first playthrough, but I find it hard to come back and try for all of the endings. It is a fun game, nonetheless."
76561198060027225,Recommended,239030,10927133,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,rawrpi,Didn't know paperwork can be this fun.
76561198051873973,Recommended,239030,10927432,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ciccoslovakia,"Tests your ability to pay attention.  It constantly changes things up so you don't get bored, but at the same time you would like for it slow down a bit.  Still great game."
76561198056771545,Recommended,239030,10927753,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pat The Baker,"Ok lets be real here. This game has spoken to me. The struggle is real in this game. Im apart of this game man. My god damn family gets sick and hungry and cold, and i dont have enough money to support them. You know why? i work at a border checkpoint. This job involves throwing nigs in jail son and checkin them nakie bodies n all that jazz. I LET MY UNCLE AND MOTHER IN LAW DIE MAN F**K EM. then the illumati comes along bribing you and ♥♥♥♥. after going through all the jiggaboos i gotta say this game.... is all about them papers. 100/1000"
76561198071592308,Recommended,239030,10928224,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MundaneMan,I got arrested for owing the country 5 dollars. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10929476,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Historious,"This game could be qualified to be displayed in the ""Video games are art"" arguement. Its simplistic graphics help the feeling of the game tremendously. It seems simple, and what it comes down to is green stamp, or red stamp, but it gives morally complex situations for you to ponder about. One time, not spoiling anything, it made my heart beat so fast, I felt like it would jump out of my chest.The game can be frustrating at times, with sometimes vague mechanics, that aren't explained well, but once you get past these, by mere practice, the game will be far more fun for you.I highly recomend this game to anyone who wants to experience one of the most intruiging premises ever.8.95/10(I'm a hard rater.)"
,Recommended,239030,10876572,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Stanley Ste@mer Carpet Memer,10/10 would buy
76561198048260324,Recommended,239030,10877049,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,doph88,Great game. Unusual premise that seems boring/banal becomes totally absorbing.
76561198022300342,Recommended,239030,8285095,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,NelsonJamdela,"For a ""paperwork simulator,"" ""Papers, Please"" is one of those rare games that redfines what a video game is -- and what it can be. It has rightly received heaps of mainstream praise for its unique portrayal of a bleak dystopian border checkpoint rife with moral dilemmas and political undertones (Do you help the woman without proper credentials pass through the gate to join her husband and get your pay docked? Or do you turn a blind eye so you can spend your earnings on your son's birthday present? Do you join the revolution, or stuff your coffers as an emotionless bureaucrat?), and for its game design, which manages to tell a compelling story from the vantage point of a clerk's desk -- a feat in itself (game designers take note: THIS is how you can tell a rich story strictly through gameplay).The graphics are an 8-bit marvel and the sound design is better than you'd expect, but it's the personality of ""Papers, Please"" that really shines, infusing mundane busy-work with life-or-death drama that is both humorous and tragic. I simply can't recommend this enough. One of the best games of 2013, hands-down."
76561198078171311,Recommended,239030,8285137,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,kimikaze47,"Papers, Please proves that the beautiful graphics with anti-aliasing and♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't really matter as long as the gameplay is excellent, its fun, its addictive. You work as an inspector that approves paperwork given by entrants, if the paperwork is good, up-to-date, no disparencies, you give it a green stamp, otherwise, its red. This game taught me to be thorough in almost everything more than anything does.This game simple, entrant come in, gives paperwork, you approve/dissaprove, and then you give it back to the entrant, as the game progresses, the number of paperwork increase, you have to compare and detect disparencies in order to avoid illegal entrants. But as you do your job, there are some choices you have to make and the choices you make, will lead you to one of 20 endings.Its been a while since I found a simple but addictive game, and this game is simply one of the best game I played in 2013, its worth the money and I would give it a 5/5You should try it"
76561198007268305,Recommended,239030,8285442,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sable Gryphon,"Papers, Please has no right to be as good as it is. I would never have believed that a game about checking paperwork for errors would be playable, much less brilliant. But the setup, the right level of pressure, the theme, and the bleak distopian humor don't just aid the game, they propel it into seriously great territory. If you are at all intrigued by the game, you owe it to yourself to pick it up."
76561197993775163,Recommended,239030,8285490,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Belbecat,Absolutely fantastic game with a whopping 20 endings! Definately worth it if you're more than just the average shooter nut.
,Recommended,239030,8285504,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,conhecimento nota 9,batata
,Recommended,239030,8285686,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Xythan,Entertainment levels within regulated allowance. Game passes all checkpoint requirements. Recommendation papers filed and accepted. Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198026362590,Recommended,239030,8285719,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,mercade20,"Highly, highly recommended.  Really neat social commentary game."
,Recommended,239030,8285891,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,liam,"You really, REALLY should play this game. We need more unique games like this."
,Recommended,239030,8286197,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Terra,A woman came to booth. Her husband had been in front of her. He had joked around. Asked me to be nice to her. His papers were in order. Hers were not. I asked why. She pleaded for mercy. Would be killed in her old country. Tears were in her eyes. Appeal to emotion. I once again asked why. She looked at me confused. I asked why she was wasting my time. Sent her back to Antegria. She cursed my name. Called next person.His papers were in order. Family ate well that night. Such is life in Arstotzka for Inspector.
,Recommended,239030,8286828,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,kmorgue499,"Papers, Pleaseis a fast-paced game that will put your brain to work. You become your own worst nightmare as you are immediately informed of your failures. What starts out as a simple click of a button soon becomes in-depth research as you fight against the clock to make enough money to keep your family alive.Nobody wins in this dark, contemplative game where your only enemy is yourself,and the dirty Kolechian terrorists.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,3017068,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Nicole,"Great game, before you know it you have spent hours playing border officer and seeing how many endings you can accomplish!!  Want to be a good guy.. go for it!!! wanna be that officious pain the♥♥♥♥♥passport officer the last time you travelled? You can be that to!!  and Before you know it... its 6am and time to get to your actual work!"
76561197998915965,Recommended,239030,8287068,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Scrouternox,"Come come, all welcome to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,8287335,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Barrier,This game is a good simulator of a border checkpoint worker. It is no fun to work at a border checkpoint. Is hard work.
76561197989756705,Recommended,239030,8214388,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Falken|M,Check documents have never been more interesting!
76561198035784422,Recommended,239030,8214600,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,moronmagnet,Lots of fun if you are a detail-oriented person.
,Recommended,239030,8215070,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ash Dorian,"Lots of bureaucratic fun, 'Papers, Please' is an enjoyable game with satisfying puzzle elements and the occasional emotional blackmail :p"
,Recommended,239030,8215104,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mystogan,BEST GAME EVAR
,Recommended,239030,8215266,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HouseFinch,This is my favourite game of 2013. No fancy graphics needed. Gameplay is brilliant.
,Recommended,239030,8215441,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Seeping Sphincter,"I'm ogrely fond of this game, laddeh."
76561198048904448,Recommended,239030,8216395,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bras,"I don't usually play indie games, but this game had such a powerful word of mouth I decided to buy it.  I do not regret this decision.  If you're the type of gamer that doesn't mind memorizing procedures and game-specific info, enjoy solving puzzles and doing micromanagement, and want moral choices from a game, then look no further.  I just cannot get bored of playing this game."
76561197998519242,Recommended,239030,10755903,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,wabmcfarlane,Loved this game. While the gameplay isnt traditional the moral choices and story are great!
76561197990826129,Recommended,239030,10756176,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kungfu_fighter34,Gripping checkpoint action
,Recommended,239030,10756282,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheDaftOne,"Interesting and depressing at the same time, definately worth a few play sessions."
76561198044297145,Recommended,239030,10756549,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ferdinand II,The game is great!
,Recommended,239030,10758330,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NocturnalKnight,"Very addictive, highly recommended."
76561198027696439,Recommended,239030,10745693,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,conorp854,"Excellent game, simple mechanics but quickly becomes complicated."
76561198044514604,Recommended,239030,10747290,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TeamSESH,papers please is a game that is one of the most perfect games i have ever played. you play as a person in the 1980s who is trying to keep his family alive and well. you work at a border checkpoint i think.
76561198073274843,Recommended,239030,10747471,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Adventure Raptor,"This game is such a unique experience. Never would I think that this game would be as immersive, interesting and well-thought out as it was. A struggle to support your family, government corruption and an organization that you can choose to help, or carry on with your government job. Tough choices, interesting characters and 20 endings helps push this game's value further. It was surprisingly fun to look over people's passports, entry permits, vaccination documents and work passes to find any discrepancies. I was annoyed at a couple things, however. Why do you recieve citations immediately? It can seem really pointless if the invisible super inspector finds that one error you overlooked, making you wonder why you are there in the first place. It would have been better if it had shown you at the end of the day, perhaps with their name on the citation. Without a doubt my favourite character from all of this is Jorji Costava. This genuinly nice, pleasant guy constantly slips up in one way or another, but will return your friendship. He is a delightfully refreshing character, and he is more than just comic relief. Overall, this experience earns an 8/10."
76561198078824514,Recommended,239030,10747582,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Villain of Brandon,"Such a simple mechanic, very addicting. also continue play from any past day and fork your progress."
76561198082874815,Recommended,239030,10748011,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,QC.Retarded Llama,It's a simple idea. it is easy at first and gets increasingly more difficult. super fun and has a lot of different endings. it is fun even after you beat it. you can play again and make totally different choices that can change the game. simple.. but absolutely amazing!
76561197993729758,Recommended,239030,10748017,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,gimpsLTD,A real gem of a game. Simple concept yet will surprise you.
76561197985135934,Recommended,239030,10748534,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cynwyn,More challenging than I'd expected. And a great story as well. Worth spending time on.
,Recommended,239030,10749053,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Darcook,"Papers Please set in glorious communist state where everyone happy.You take role of happy passport control agent.  Ensure that everyone coming to glorious country is equal sunny desposition. Check newspaper, stamp stamps, take nudes, stop evil foreigner from entering state. They steal.9/10Havent finished it cause I'm a perfectionist, but definitaly worth picking up if you enjoy stamping passports and being a beaurocrat."
76561197964120751,Recommended,239030,10750766,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hyperlynx,"Very, very good. Highly recommended. Extremely clever and surprisingly addictive."
,Recommended,239030,10724518,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Adnarm,Letting your wife and kids die of starvation and cold because you simply can't be bothered to work hard...Could be improved with red alert 3 soundtrack62131
,Recommended,239030,10750864,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Whaleton,"""Cause no trouble.""A typical month through the viewpoint of a border agent in Artstotzka. At least, that's on the outside. In fact, this is one of the most interesting months that could happen for your border agent. The plot is wonderfully constructed, with multiple branches and backstories to keep things interesting.  Most of the people you file passports for are dull and boring, but there are a few who make it all worth it. The gameplay is surprisingly fun, as I played it as more of a puzzle game, trying to find the one missing piece in that person's data.Overall, I would give this a 4 out of 5, and strongly reccommend you give it a try."
76561198049744110,Recommended,239030,10750465,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bencif,"You buy it, I give you bribe.**There is no bribe"
,Recommended,239030,10752067,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jezjez,Interesting!
,Recommended,239030,241292,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,"Flesh, The","Papers Please at first seems like one of those web browser games with the simple concept of just getting the highest score you can. It quickly  turns into one filled with side stories,  and an overall (non linear) arching plot where you decide the fates and futures of yourself, your family and the many different people you meet at your checkpoint. This is also one of the more challenging games out there as you eventually have to balance multiple different types of documents and search them for even more discrepencies with even more availiable tools. (There is an easy mode for those wary of the games initial difficulty level.) That being said, the main draw of this game is how unique it really is and how good the stories in such a simple game can be. I rate it so far the third best game of 2013 behind the likes of The Last of Us and Bioshock: Infinite. Quite good company to be around."
,Recommended,239030,10164710,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,iGleeson,Don't touch the powder. Just don't.
76561198055675669,Recommended,239030,10801253,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,yuffielm,"Simple yet deep, entertaining yet disturbing, probably the most compelling game about paperwork on the market."
76561198044295763,Recommended,239030,10801392,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ignite,Suprisingly Good game
76561198026888954,Recommended,239030,10802889,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cmd_Azareth,The game is simply to play but hard to master. At its core it combines a funny setting with an interesting plot.
,Recommended,239030,10803401,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,metcalfe,"This is an cold-war era, eastern european style, paperwork simulator.but it's actualy loads better that this description makes it sound."
,Recommended,239030,10803715,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,S Q U A T L I F E,"At first you think a game about being a visa inspector sounds boring, right? Naw, this has a great story with multiple endings. The gameplay is actually fun and after a while it does become a little more difficult but nothing crazy."
76561198039661499,Recommended,239030,10803971,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sinyk7,"This is a very unique game in my collection. I knew what I was getting in to when I bought it, but actually playing it, it's like a big brain teaser. You have to really be on your game if you want to get better at it. So many things to remember to check on each person as the days go by. I remember getting 3 citations in a row and was genuinely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the game, and subsequent inspector who came to see me."
76561198087619356,Recommended,239030,10805203,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Usulman,"Very addictive.  Everytime you accept someone through the checkpoint, you cringe and wait for the citation you might get.  Hard life, hard choices, and moral quandries,  Good for the money."
,Recommended,239030,10805946,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Xero404,job simulator with spies.
76561198117928724,Recommended,239030,10821226,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dianamarieturner,This is a fun and entertaining game.
76561198108761658,Recommended,239030,9639838,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,CamilaVG,Great Game. Brilliantly made love it.
76561198043796242,Recommended,239030,10822625,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mdxcloud,A very fun game to kill time and I feel very powerful when I get to deny or detain someone.
,Recommended,239030,10822681,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"No, it's Becky",You'll go crazy before you finish this game.  I love it!
,Recommended,239030,10822780,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,talktochuck,Stamping Simulator 2014
,Recommended,239030,10824208,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SneakyBeaver,"My son, wife, and the inlaws cause i denied people i didn't like.10/10 would play."
76561198068456647,Recommended,239030,10825420,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,paulhan4senate,"I dont understand why this game is so fun, but it is! I think its because I read everything with a thick Russian accent"
,Recommended,239030,10825532,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LeanBeef,"Very fun, very great game. It's very addictive and i had a great time playing it"
,Recommended,239030,11087849,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dylan,"It is very satisfying to stamp things, and the game makes you feel something as well. I was skeptical at first, but am very glad I bought it."
76561198053840025,Recommended,239030,11088485,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,UoG || CobaltBartimaeus,An engaging and morally challenging paperwork simulator.
76561197987629537,Recommended,239030,11089508,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Xyranoth,"Puzzle*Bug FreeOverall 4 out of 5Complexity 4Graphics 2Immersive 3Inovative 5Game Pace 5This is an excelent game, really original and fast.The graphics are almost back to Atari, but they consistent and do the job.It's dificult for me to recommend this game because I do not like fast pace games like Super Meat Boy, but I have to acknowledge when they are good.The idea is pretty simple, you are the person who stample the passports to people crossing the border into your country. There are a set of rules, papers and criterias a candidate have to meet, but you only find if he's fit by a quick inspection.The hard part is that your salary is payed based on right calls you do.There's a limited time each day the borders are opened, so if you do not make your quota you star not being able to pay your bills.I recommend this to anyone who's curious and open to new ideas in the matter of games.Even if you play just a couple of hours, it's still a great experience... like paying the tickets for a good movie in the theaters."
76561198025229918,Recommended,239030,11090217,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Volvox,"You would think a coldwar eastern bloc paperwork simulator with 8-bit graphics is a terrible idea, but it is actually quite engaging.  You have to constantly adapt to new rules in order to do well, and balance this with a number of subplots and moral choices."
76561198022420699,Recommended,239030,11091748,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,kingillings,"Quite an interesting game.On the core of it, it seems like a pretty basic, simple question but, on the whole, it gets pretty complex. From all of the items that you have to check out as you progress through the game to making moral choices that could penalize you, it always keeps you conflicted with yourself in deciding what to do next.This game, although it can get repetitive over time, has a very interesting little story to accompany you throughout the days of the game. Plus, with 20 different endings, it gives you a reason to play through it another time.I give it a 7.5 of 10. Good job Lucas Pope! Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,239030,11101665,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,InstantClassic17,Great game!
,Recommended,239030,11103288,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ben Mitchell,I've never had more fun denying someone of a better future
,Recommended,239030,11103883,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ranth,"Very entertaining. Though it looks rough around the edges, it gives you some laughs as well as great gameplay. Get it on sale it is a steal. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11104577,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Wernull,Can't... Stop... Stamping!
76561198054879310,Recommended,239030,11106306,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Vanaema,Best game ever
76561198022192627,Recommended,239030,10638120,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MicroMerc55,Addictive and fun
76561198040422407,Recommended,239030,10638214,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Naughty_Ninja,Fun and addicting but also a bit challenging. Love it!
76561198059414028,Recommended,239030,10638335,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DaWabbit91,"This game should be pretty well known by now so i wont even write a review , just buy it"
,Recommended,239030,10638388,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PHD In Dick Sucking,Literally the best job ever
,Recommended,239030,10638594,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,☭Lustmord★,"Papers please gives you the chills. It makes you wonder and think about yourself. How you can enjoy scanning people, not letting them into the closed country youre protecting as a customs-officer. On the other hand you have to work against the clock to prevent your family from starving and dying. The pressure keeps buildung up, you will make mistakes. I promisse.After all. The Game will leave you behind wondering: How easy it is to change somebody like you into a person who follows orders without asking or questioning the orders.Great Game. Great Fun - but it shouldnt be fun."
,Recommended,239030,8062251,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Frank 悪いジョークの王,"Very enjoyable game, although the repitition can get a bit boring after a while. Game has nice, uh, ""Storyline"" i suppose. Some of the citations are very quirky, but overall this game could be my 2013 PC just for how good the game actually is, for 100MB and $9.99, you can't go wrong for hours of fun! (Watch gameplay before you buy, this game is not for everyone)"
76561198100205101,Recommended,239030,10639566,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bloodofthevoid,"This game is addictive, plain and simple. I bought it today and then promptly lost myself in it for 4 hours. I'd still be playing if I hadn't accidentally poisoned myself. I realize that this game doesn't seem to be all that exciting, and for those who only play FPS or high octane games, it might not be your cup of tea. I liked watching how the decisions you make during your workday effect what happens politically, and in turn what changes for you day to day. I'm looking forward to my next play-through. If you like games that seem simple on the surface, but have a complexity that unfurls the longer you play, you could do far worse than Papers, Please."
76561198108637626,Recommended,239030,10640054,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,im a kar,its fun
76561197972372942,Recommended,239030,10640254,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Norman Fetus,"This game is the most interesting thing to happen to story-based games since Bioshock 1. It is bleak, depressing, and monotonus, but that is the point. It also is dryly funny, and takes a simple morality system and makes it complex and unnerving.PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,239030,10640499,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,V3nom,"Extremely simple concept, yet very intriguing, has that 'just one more turn' feel perfected."
,Recommended,239030,9928410,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,hydewarsfree69.tv,Can choose some ♥♥♥♥♥♥s fate10/10
76561198024067676,Recommended,239030,9930239,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,samuelandjw,"Fun, intense, dark and thought-provoking. Suitable for 2-person play."
,Recommended,239030,9932033,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,boi,"Day 1 accidentally let in Kolechian.Day 2 Terrorist attack.Day 3 Arrested, Family presumed dead.10/10 Would play again"
76561198079544085,Recommended,239030,9759351,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,RebornPixel,good but screen is to small and hard to read sometimes
76561198014394438,Recommended,239030,9764914,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,DancingBurrito,"This game was surprisingly, really good! There are several endings so you never know what is going to happen and it's got a very gripping, empathetic storyline. Worth a few quid"
,Recommended,239030,9766174,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Trill Clinton,I like this game but its a small game and its sorta pointless but it can be fun! 4-5!
76561198067584597,Recommended,239030,9766976,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,hulligan02,Suprisingly addicting. Show me those papers! Glory to Arstotzka!
76561197981929135,Recommended,239030,9820879,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,"One of my absolute favorite games of 2013. A really intriguing story of choice, loyalty, the greater good, and people lying about their height trying to get into a Soviet Bloc."
,Recommended,239030,9821792,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Kyrano,"At its core, Papers, Please is an ""attention to detail"" game with a riveting story, alluding to political turmoil in the 1980s in Eastern Europe and Russia."
,Recommended,239030,9822304,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,guy_takashi,"In spite of being not much more than a few clicks and a keystroke or two, the gameplay has weight. The story presentation fits well."
,Recommended,239030,9825826,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Motion_MkX | Smile! ッ,"Brilliant fun to play with friends or on your own. As the game processes your concentration levels will rise and rise increasing the pressure put on the player. A brilliant indie game, however, I would question the replability of this game. Yet there are little side quests that you can try and fulfil next time around."
,Recommended,239030,9777291,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,cavehunter90,"Great Game, if you put the hours in you will uncover an amazing story.7.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,9777705,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,simon_marklar,"its way more fun than it sounds.and i'm sure i've played more than 1.9 hours. The day i got it i played from 8pm till midnight.if you like games that make you think, try this one. its different and endearing."
,Recommended,239030,9779213,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,NunchuckFusion,"So checking paperwork at a border check point doesn't sound like fun, but it is. This game is one of the most unique and fun games I've played in a long time. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,9779340,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Kogara,"Papers, Please is not a game that can be put into any pre-existing catagory, but that is by no means a bad thing. The reason it is so good is because it has never been done before, unlike a lot of the games out there that just reboot the same idea again and again. I don't need to tell you why it's good because everyone else has already told you that it's awesome."
,Recommended,239030,9782604,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Mr.PugLeaderMan,"Play it, it's amazing"
,Recommended,239030,7333709,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Dr_Led,"Great game when you want to play a single player game andit's a fun, challenging, in depth game. You are constantly getting warnings about letting people through the border and then there are reasons that people need to go through and it's just so great and so much fun. I sincerely recommend this game."
,Recommended,239030,9798059,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,MPsapper,"Great game to pass the time, absorbing gameplay makes you give a damn about the story."
,Recommended,239030,9801147,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Comrade Jeb ☭,"Now, this game is simplicity in itself. I mean, how hard is it to stamp a few passports and watch a few Kolechian terrorists blow themselves up?Very hard.This game is, quite possibly, one of the most difficult and amusing, interesting, and unique games I've ever seen. 10/10. You have to watch out for everything you can think of, and it expands your level of seriousness when looking at a situation, as one person could end up being the reason your family freezes and your son dies due to lack of medication. If you're a fan of games that make you think, but throw in a bit of humor and make the story interesting  with a few plot twists, then Papers, Please is the game you need to get.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198058822164,Recommended,239030,10106765,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Have A Seat Over There,this game is good
,Recommended,239030,8075164,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,draxiom,What a great value; $10 for a game whose beauty lies in between the lines. It gleefully embraces the mundane and makes it fun and addictive. Best indie I've played this year.
,Recommended,239030,8078050,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,beccaRAR,An addicting game that makes you feel like you have the fate of the world in your hands!
,Recommended,239030,8078320,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Adam,"A really great game. The gameplay is used to really great effect here, with moral choices occuring as a natural, organic element of the design, rather than isolated, black and white choices you might find in, say, Mass Effect. Does a really great job of maintaining the stressful, high-pressure feeling one would have in that situation. The art style is effective and it is well polished, with plenty of charm and character, and the right length to feel substantial, but not padded or dragged out.Overall, a really polished, well thought-out and refined game, with great moral choice mechanics. Highly recommended."
76561198057161480,Recommended,239030,8080830,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Cephalon_Glacier,"Papers , Please greatest game in all ze world! 6/5 preapproved! (now enough kidding , i know its cliche , but gameplay often times outdoes graphics , i was skeptical when first buying this game , but the quaint little artistic dystopian document thriller rilly brings the charm , I wholeheartedly reccomend it. I also reccomend mackscorner's channel on youtube , he did a great playthrough on it , and is where i got the impetus to make the purchase."
,Recommended,239030,8082493,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Swordrue,"Papers, Please is a true rarity in the current indie game scene.  The gameplay mechanics do not look like they should be as addicting as they truly are.  This game, solely through its gameplay, forces you to make difficult moral decisions that have the ability to lead you to corrupt yourself.This is a brilliant game from all aspects and is certainly not only one of the best games of 2013, but potentially one of the best games of the indie movement."
,Recommended,239030,8083481,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,"Doogie Howser, M.D.","Fun Game that progressively gets more difficult, but once you get a hang of what you are looking for... the game becomes a little flat.  Still worth picking it up if it is on sale."
76561198034924308,Recommended,239030,4276539,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Coelacan,"Do you enjoy dystopian document thrillers? Of course not… It's tough to explain why poring through documents in a Soviet-esque customs booth circa '82 is fun, but it IS.  5/5"
,Recommended,239030,4135916,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,scriptguru,"One of the most unusual games ever. Masterpiece in ""1984"" style."
76561198021908742,Recommended,239030,8062445,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mesafina,This game is too cool for school
,Recommended,239030,3509718,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Stealthephant,"This game has easily come out of nowhere on my behalf, the entirity of my reasoning behind buying it, was a Zero Punctuation episode. Needless to say, if Yahtzee says something is 'not crap' then, seeing as he is a Banana, it must be true.Papers, Please is one of the most addictive games i've come across for some time, it manages to throw out complex moral choices, and has twenty possible endings depending on your actions. Will you be corrupt, or law abiding? Will you help lost lovers reunite, or tell one of them to go have a chat to the men with guns.There are moments where you yourself HAVE to use a gun, and in every scenario it comes almost entirely out of nowhere, and your failure to react will either cause the death of someone you speak to, or yourself.I've no doubt i'll be playing this to uncover each possible ending, likely getting myself killed a few times to do it, but hey, that's the price of progress!I can heartily recommend this to just about anyone I meet, so long as you've an eye for detail. This is happily one of my best experiences with Indie games, it manages to get a moral point across, without going into 'artsy' territory, which I find is just code for boring and pretentious.Two thumbs way up, four stars, a nine out of ten! Easily a must play. So go buy it Comrade."
,Recommended,239030,7921698,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,CuriousMints,"Papers, Please is an interesting look into border control. It puts you in the shoes of a guy who was essentially drafted into being one, and you get faced with all kinds of interesting propositions and ideas. You can choose to be loyal to your government, aid the terrorists, accept bribes, and more. There's quite a few different endings to the game, and you'll definitely feel inclined to play through at least a few of them. The art, while not fantastic in and of itself, sets a very nice mood and tone to the game, and you will stop noticing it after just a couple minutes of gameplay. It's definitely a game worth taking a look at."
,Recommended,239030,8143737,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,skug commune,"ITS GREAT~~~love,kevin"
,Recommended,239030,8146712,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Silly Boi,"GOTY 2013, Hands DownPapers Please is advertised as an Adventure title but I feel that it leans more towards Border Patrol Simulator. Although I imagine that it would have been easier to market the game as an Adventure title, but I digress.The premise is simple enough, you are a border patrol officer working in a fictional Dystopian country whose main driving point is to simply get enough money to keep your family alive. Very straightforward, but the game shines by doing something that is rarely seen in video games; tackling ethical issues such as whether or not to let a woman in to reunite with a long lost relative or letting a man take revenge on the man who killed his child. Money issues are a part of the gameplay too, if you don't have enough money then you won't be able to pay for food or warmth possibly resulting in a family members death. Far more successful than something such as Bioshock Infinite I would say, being the complexity in that game just involved shooting everyone but the fate of people in this game are literally in your hands and can be turned away at the press of a stamp.As the game goes on, laws become more strict and more paperwork is introduced making the game a chore as it goes on, but yet the game still manages to immerse you in the universe created and never seems to become dulldue to memorable moments where you have to defuse a bomb, or the memorable characters such as the comical drug dealer who attempts to enter the country with a crayon passport.The art design makes the game instantly recognisable as opposed to 'SUPAH HYPA REALISM 3D OMG' instead choosing personalised sprite work. The game ultimately has a true identity of it's own.If you let someone in or deny someone you weren't supposed to then the game will issue you with a penalty warning but you don't lose money until the third strike, this is a great mechanic because not only does it allow you to see where you went wrong with that person but it also prompts you to take bribes and you can get rewarded for bending the rules for your favour.Overall Papers Please is not only the best game of 2013 but also easily one of my favourite games of all time.FINAL VERDICT: MUST PLAY! GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!"
76561198094309892,Recommended,239030,10848026,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Decöy,"Good stuff, I like that it is a bit different from the norm and even though i would never want this job, it's fun to play here."
76561198042212241,Recommended,239030,10848038,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Porridge,This game is unique to say the least. I've had many hard discisions in game like killing for a secret orgnization and whether I really want to see the results of the scanner (results may vary). In all I enjoyed it putting in a bit here and there. I also found the soundtrack oddly addictive with its predictable and unchanging tune.
,Recommended,239030,10849194,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,antijazz,"If you like repetitive, soul sucking, paper pushing, then this is the game for you! 'Papers, Please' is an exercise in futility and misery- a surprisingly enjoyable one at that. At first glance, this game seems simple but it's charming graphic styling and soundtrack will quickly draw you in, whilst the growing challenge of keeping out those undesirables from your glorious nation will keep you playing for hours."
76561198057186557,Recommended,239030,10850088,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Olaf The Lame,"A man came up to my glorious counter, and he set upon me his passport. I scrutinized every bit of information on it as to make sure a terrorist/counterfeiter/jaywalker wouldn't enter into Glorious Arstotzka. I noticed the man's gender claimed to be female on his passport. Upon asking the 'man' in question as to what his true gender is, 'he' told me that it was as the passport said. Needless to say, my glorious booth sprung into action, and I proceeded to scan the 'man' for a view of 'his' ""hardware"".Upon seeing she wasn't packing a python guarding two eggs, I proceeded to aggressively stamp her passport with the denial stamp. I didn't even use the reason stamp.Anti-LGBT/10"
,Recommended,239030,10850256,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,theromulans,"I had heard quite a bit before picking up this game, but I still wasn't sure what to expect. Again, as with FTL, the only way is to try it out for yourself. Papers, Please surprised me with how addictive the gameplay was - which exists mainly of checking documents to spot any errors or omissions - but it was truly the few (major) choices you get that shape the timeline that were interesting to me. I experienced most endings before getting 100% achievements, certainly all the more notable ones.As an achievement enthusiast I wouldn't have minded a few achievements tied to the ""Endless Mode"" that unlocks after you finish the story game.Recommended for something a little different. It certainly will resonate every time I walk through a customs :p"
76561198014557251,Recommended,239030,10851892,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Faffing About,If only bureaucracy was this engaging in real life.
76561197961436634,Recommended,239030,10852306,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Joshy One Arm,"Some people like first-person shooters, some like fantasy role playing games, personally I have long waited to find a game for my own personal liking. Papers, Please! is a cold-war bureaucracy simulator. Have you ever wanted to work all day ensuring that arbitrary and unexplained rules are enforced? Well you get that AND you have to jugle your funds between heat, food and medicine to keep your family alive and well, its basically the best two games possible ALL IN ONE. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,10852370,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,joyc,This game can drive you crazy and make you laugh at the same time. 10점 만점에 10점
,Recommended,239030,6828785,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,GreatMightyPoo,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!
,Recommended,239030,10852476,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nova,"This game feels almost like a job, having to be very particular and careful about every little detail or you will get fined. I can't say I've ever played a game like this one though, and that is enough to change my mind. It is incredibly addicting searching through each immigrants papers for flaws for some odd reason. I waited a long time to buy this game even though I had heard a lot of great reviews about it. I do not think I would pay the original 14.99 this game asks, but during a sale, wow, the low price definetely matched the game and I could not say it is not worth purchasing."
76561198047771714,Recommended,239030,5311917,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,hatenagen,Very unique and strangely addictive
76561198042996357,Recommended,239030,10854769,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Therrian_hWo,Pretty much the most depressing game ever made...but that isn't a bad thing.
,Recommended,239030,10855491,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,24,Arthouse without being gay and stupid.  8/10.
,Recommended,239030,10855945,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Doctor Hamilton II,"This game reminds of days as checkpoint agent in Brlin, 1979. We deny most everybody. Never forget mother who applied for entry, but has inconsistant information. She taken away and her child, who was with her sent away to starve on streets on Berlin. Good game though!"
76561198052243711,Recommended,239030,10856512,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Falcon24,Good game. Quite fun to try to get each of the 20 endings.
76561197986334927,Recommended,239030,10856866,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vash the Stampede,"Really well thought out game, and very interesting. It's a unique view from a persective you would never think about as a game character. And you get the sense that you see things no one else does; and that you have power to influence the whole turn of events, even early on when you are just beggining. This game is awesome, I can see that this would not appeal to everybody, but if you have an eye for detail, and like to see a story play out, this game is for you."
,Recommended,239030,10859304,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,willfavre4,Killed my whole family to let one crazy person into a totalitarian state.Glory to Arstotzka10/10
,Recommended,239030,10859531,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NRMA Insurance,This game is actually pretty fun and tells its story quite creatively.
76561198087332707,Recommended,239030,10859983,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,chrisre435,This game is fantastic in how it keeps you immersed into the game with it's great design and art direction. It is a very tense puzzle game/ communism border patrol simulator.
76561197970246522,Recommended,239030,385994,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,vipergtsr01,"Very unique fantastic indie game that draws you in and plays with your emotions while you make tough decisions on peoples, your family and your own fate. Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,239030,9871433,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,MLG Pro,"At first glance, this game may seem excessively simple and thus, boring. The core of the game is just about a man working border control, checking passports. However, the game developers have managed to capture the troubles of war and the boundless amounts of moral choices war brings with it, neatly wrapping it in a unique game concept. This game is more than just a border control simulator, it is a beautiful shining gem in the sea of indie games.I really enjoyed the game, and tested a few of the multiple endings this game has to offer. Glory to the New Arstotzka!"
76561198036586280,Recommended,239030,9874413,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Cimpix,"This game is much more than checking papers at a checkpoint. It's looking at a country struggling to accept foreigners and a man trying to escape this country. Has everything I look in a game, so try it out!P.S.: GLORY TO ARSTOZTKA!"
76561197993473943,Recommended,239030,1463793,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,broozar,"Interesting little game, but does not live up to its massive media hype. More social commentary than a ""fun"" game. Definitely not for everyone."
,Recommended,239030,10044023,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mastro2k,"I stayed away from this game for a long time because I thought it kind of looked silly but something about it made me add it to my wishlist. Now that I've played, it's really fun and stimulating. It's intriguing and elements of moral delima. Feed your family at the cost of your job or do your job right at the cost of your family etc..  It developers into a good story line if you follow along."
,Recommended,239030,8198451,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jordan,"This is a very fun game - challenging and it has a good feel. I wish it had more replay value, but I got a good week out of it, trying to get all the endings."
76561198048952288,Recommended,239030,8199053,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,craig.alun.richards,Charlie Brooker says yes.
,Recommended,239030,8200406,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,napking,Arstotzka still best country for sure!
,Recommended,239030,8201282,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Xmahle,Where did the inspiration for this game comr from..?
,Recommended,239030,8202331,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Murenol,"Very strange game, quite monotonous, but you always come back for more."
76561198027428054,Recommended,239030,8202935,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Xensas,Insanely addictive and the characters you come across are hilarious. Highly recommend this game to anyone who wants something casual to play.
,Recommended,239030,8204110,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Awillban,"This game is outstanding, imagine if oregon trail had you trapped in one spot, and that spot was a 1984-esque country.  The buffalo are your citizens, you're really only tasked with one goal in mind and keeping the welfare of your family in check while you question morality and fulfill tasks you aren't quite sure have any real meaning but you know are significant.This game is strange and unique, but in a good way.   The humor is rather dark, somewhat dry, but the experience is amazing.  Great music and a very unique idea for a game make this something every gamer should play/try.  There's even some replay value to it as well.  This game is also rather challenging with the only difficulty curve being your aptitude and ability to handle paperwork with consistency."
,Recommended,239030,8205714,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Blargg,This game just drips oppression and basically creeps me out every minute I'm playing. I've only put in a little more than an hour and have easily gotten my money's worth already. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,239030,8512801,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bear,It's a very simple yet complex game.  A lot of fun.  Highly recommend it!  Hail Arstotzka!
76561198062841585,Recommended,239030,8513118,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Khondar,"Paperwork Simulator 1988 would be a great name for this game.But due the huge amount of different facts,stamps,documents and events, I could play it for days.Nice eastern Europe flair btw. :)"
,Recommended,239030,8513282,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,colinzealuk,Never again will mundane office work be so engaging.
,Recommended,239030,6649735,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Blighty Mug,"I lost track of time, the best indie game I've ever played."
,Recommended,239030,3011049,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Gia/Fin,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198015088050,Recommended,239030,8464603,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,thedrew999,"Deceptively Fun!  Very addicting.  To my surprise, it has an engaging story."
,Recommended,239030,8519381,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cogbro,Absolute fun. From what seems on the surface to be a paperwork simulator with horrid graphics comes a game with a deeper story than I expected. I find myself returning to it again and again. Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,8360635,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Geomike,"Clever, thematic and flavorful.  You really are working on the clock, so you have to balance between rushing through passports in order to make more money, and studying them carefully in order to avoid infraction fines.  Then after work, you have to choose between paying for the medicine your mother-in-law needs or the heat for your class-8 apartment. Excellent game with greater immersion than most non-pixelated titles."
76561198043351594,Recommended,239030,9558784,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Mattiay,"Though I have only spent a few hours playing this game I have thoroughly enjoyed every moment and I want to play more. I am incredibley impressed with all aspects of the game. The developers and artists have considered a theme/style and have delivered a quality experience which is consistent and precise in its visual communication. From the pixel art style, the music, the sounds of the game and involvement of the player in story mode has delivered a new gaming experience, I haven't had before. It is games like this that open up new possibilities of what is considered a game. I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for something different."
76561197962732776,Recommended,239030,10099120,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Bloom,"It starts as a linear ""stamping simulator"" but, actually the game diversifies a lot from that starting point. You can simply play the game mechanically, doing your job, or you can try to approach it from other angles. I mean, the core mechanics it´s always the demanding  validation of documents with different rules being thrown at you. But at certain point the money you do is not enough to support your family. Your son will get sick, your wife cold and you have to decide how you're going to manage your money and most importantly, you will be tempted to get corrupted.And it´s in that point that the game gets more interesting. It´s impossible not to get corrupted, but how will you manage your corruption? Will you be content with the petty government corruption? Will you go for high level corruption earning more money but risking more? Will you get involved with drugs?And there´s also the more ""emotional"" side. Will you risk a share of your salary by wrongly stopping someone from entering the country because you know he is a human slaver? Will you allow the illegal wife of a legal immigrant to enter the country knowing that your denial will sentence her to death? Will you get involved in a conspiracy to overthrown your oppressive government, and if so, how much will you get involved? Will you kill for it? What comes firts, liberty or family?All this, and not knowing the ramifications of your actions, because sometimes an innocent thing can end up being not so harmless, gives this game a depth like very few games I´ve played.  It´s not a ""boring job simulator"", but it does a superb job of putting you on the skin of someone with a boring job and showing that what defines one person is much more than the most immediate layer of his existence. But above all, it an amazing sociological tool to understand how easy it is for a system to get systemically corrupted, and most importantly, why this happens."
,Recommended,239030,10100580,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,brezerk,"Awesome old-school game. Great idea, realistic atmosphere of communist state of Arstotzka, non linear game play. I even can't believe that all this could be fit in a primitive graphic. Glory to Arstotzka!!1111"
,Recommended,239030,9140197,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lord Runefaust,"Awesome x 1,000,000!"
,Recommended,239030,9141784,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheSpookyAlexC,Play as a heartless border control inspector and deny citizens entry to the wonderful country of Arstotska. Or just sit there and listen to the main menu theme for hours. Glory to Arstotska!
76561198025593434,Recommended,239030,9141797,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Roy,"A lot of games give you the opportunity to make choices, but this game does so differently.  In nearly every game, you are given the option ""Press [Key] to choose [Choice A] or Press [Key] to choose [Choice B].""  In Papers, Please, you actually, trulymakeeach choice.  This game occupies the 4 slot on my list of Top 5 Favorite Games of All-Time.  I recommend the hell out of it."
,Recommended,239030,9144252,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,LeonSarambi,"This game will make you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but in a moving way. You play as a border inspector in a war torn land, and its up to you if the citizens waiting for hours in line are allowed into the country, or have their time wasted or even be detained. Seems straight forward at first, but you also have to deal with your family, who you are trying to keep alive. Youre constantly torn between being a good person and allowing people to enter against the law, or following the rules and let your own family stay alive. Its a really emotional rollercoaster and one that I dont think those who enjoy a thoughtful and art game pass you by."
76561198124318308,Recommended,239030,9144397,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ollie,"This game was so boring, it was fun. I don't think I have ever had such entertainment with documents. If your looking for a game to test your observatory skills, patience, accuracy, perfectionism and mental state: Then, buy this game. 9.5/10."
76561198089513466,Recommended,239030,8404369,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FleetFox,"Papers, Please is an amazing game given the fact that you are doing similar tasks everyday. The style is simple but it still feels real enough that you feel emotion toward some of the people passing through. There are so many different endings and most of the time you do not realize untill after the ending that one certain event caused your demise. That or you ran out of money, your family died, or a terrorist killed you after you failed to shoot him.The deeper parts of the game are the moral choices you have to make throughout your time at work. Do you join the order? Do you stay loyal to your country? Do you take money that appears to save your dying family or burn it knowing the sender is unknown? Do you cure your sick wife or give the family heat? Or do you skrew everyone and upgrade your booth instead. One slip up, one missed weight or invalid seal, can be the difference between a suicide bomber getting into the country and you saving yourself and the guards.This game is very entertaining and quite dark which makes it hard to stop playing because you want to know what comes next. I highly recommend Papers, Please."
76561197969430330,Recommended,239030,8995838,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,stuka,"In the sense that you become immersed in a role, this is one of the most powerful role-playing games I've played. Its atmosphere and the subtletly of its design elevate it above a great many of the offerings out there made with thousands of times the budget. It is also, often, moving, funny and dramatic. A real piece of genius in game design."
76561198003875832,Recommended,239030,7436989,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Sir Waffles',Who wouldn't want to check passports and papers on their free time?
,Recommended,239030,8941970,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,HonorableBard,One of the best Games of the Year.
,Recommended,239030,1051653,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Vaughner,"It would appear to be a simple and boring game, but wow is it not!  Truly a unique masterpiece of a game, and something all should play.  $10 is well worth the time you will spend pondering the fate of those you let in, and those you don't.""Glory to Arstotzka!"""
76561198032267380,Recommended,239030,8969351,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ichinin,Bureocrazy made fun.
76561197969882528,Recommended,239030,371806,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,49thSutek,"This game is surprisingly intense and challenging.  It may sound about as fun as licking stamps, but it is much more than that."
76561198048736247,Recommended,239030,5373633,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Soft & Lilly,"Papers, Please oh wait no papers the GTFO. Good game I Recommened it"
,Recommended,239030,9148247,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Monte Cristo,Very interesting experience. It's good.
,Recommended,239030,9148586,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,reset_by_peer,Highly recommended.Read my review here.
,Recommended,239030,9148803,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Faggot Salad,"I like Papers, Please just because I like dystopia and the idea continually fascinates me. It's heavily influenced from 1984, one of my favourite novels (as for easter egg, look at the back of the rule/guidebook). I like the feeling of monotony in this game as it felt like I'm under a totalitarian government and I like the atmosphere as it perfectly depicts what it feels like to be an immigration officer. Also, I like how you can choose to be cold-hearted or be a little generous and each have its own consequences."
,Recommended,239030,10734193,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gump,good game 10/10
76561198004356649,Recommended,239030,10734246,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,protect the medic,"When I first heard about this game I thought is was some pretentious social commentary game, and to some extent it is. But it is really so much more than that. The gameplay is very addictive, and the various sub-plots, choices, and characters kept me interested despite the relatively small size of the game. The 20 different endings and endless mode give it lots of replayablility, and for a one song soundtrack... it sure gets in your head."
,Recommended,239030,10734613,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,House Lannister,"Interesting gameplay, cool style, slightly cumbersome controls. I'm enjoying it so far though."
76561198044474165,Recommended,239030,10734751,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Clizby,"Like when i saw this game i was all like "" Damn this game is like damn.""Then i proceded to kill myself and by this game right after. Mah boi bought this game for me and it's fo reals fun and I'd recommend this game for people that want to live in a country like Russia or want to control the boarder. Mostly though I'd recommend this game for mounties that want to catch the Mexicans jumping the boarders."
76561198137861994,Recommended,239030,10735294,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,thestorysofar,Bought this during the summer sale.  For some reason I thought it would be interesting.  What I didn't expect (at all) was how addictive this game is.  Glad I took the chance and bought it.
76561197968724282,Recommended,239030,10735590,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Studebacher Hoch,Bought this on a whim.. worth every penny. Very interesting.
76561198038570424,Recommended,239030,10735701,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mcsteig,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard!
76561198082849859,Recommended,239030,10735729,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,joelspellz,addictive
,Recommended,239030,10735730,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DustnF,"Reminds me of an old Apple II game, so simple yet so fun!"
,Recommended,239030,10736479,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,XxLatinBadBoy223xX,This game got too real too fast.
,Recommended,239030,10736772,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,nwb0720,"Excellent little game, at first you may ask, ""How is this fun or appealing"" ? I know I was asking that myself but after you really get into it you're almost drawn into the life of this border agent and can't stop playing it."
76561198098097167,Recommended,239030,10736842,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Monocyte,Funky Russian bass line and peoples in lines. 10/10
76561197973513483,Recommended,239030,10736974,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dsmark,fun game that you can get lost in.
76561198079626755,Recommended,239030,10737342,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ghostj,"Absolutely brilliant and hopelessly addictive. I spent weeks at work talking about my family and their unfortunate deaths only to confuse everyone utterly and get quite the reputation...Honestly, everyone should play this game (especially ""non-gamers""), it's a wonderful example of just how far excellent story telling and challenging game play can go."
76561198128402673,Recommended,239030,10737759,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Trento27,This game is absolutely wonderful!!!! I would reccomend it any day! 5 stars
76561198010455693,Recommended,239030,10737772,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,biggin78c78,Love this game. easy game play and just fun to tell people that they can't come into your counrty.
,Recommended,239030,10738090,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JayVan,"This game was a lot of fun. The first few levels ease you in quite gradually, but before long you'll be keeping track of many things at once, and processing documents really proficiently. I love games like this where your skills affect your results, not your characters."
,Recommended,239030,10738193,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alpha & Omega,"This is why I love Indie games, a really clever game idea and a lot of fun all packed in 41 MB.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10738586,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,StarToss,Awesome Game for 3 bucks!
,Recommended,239030,10738639,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Billytheferret,You thought the DMV was bad... seriously it is a interesting game I would recommend the game but would not recommend to try and play the whole game in one sitting
,Recommended,239030,8100034,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,LotS956,"So... you're working as a border control agent? All you do is check their documents to make sure they're legit? Oh, and if they're not you can deny or detain them? How exciting! That sounds like work, not a game.I know it does, but it freaking works! Such a boring and pedestrian sounding concept that shouldn't be fun, but it is. For the most part, each day adds new ""things"" you need to be on the look out for. As you get further into the game, entrants take longer to process just from the sheer number of documentation you need to check. But you better check it fast cause you're on the clock and your family needs to eat.Your morals will be tested and you will get stressed out. And you will make mistakes. And they will be your fault. But you will still have a blast playing the game. Do yourself a favor and get this game."
76561198005891624,Recommended,239030,8101631,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Slick Delicious,♥♥♥♥ing brilliant game.
76561198096429959,Recommended,239030,7247832,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,TerseHopefulDjinn,"Very fun and funny game. Has the right amount of humor, strategy, and action, with multiple endings! I definitley reccomend this game to everyone!"
,Recommended,239030,8110714,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,sunglasses24,"My definitive Game of the Year for 2013. Everything about this game is so great. While it may look dull and repetitive on the front, there are many different kinds of stories going along, with you as the person who says what happens. With many options and 20 different endings, this is a must-buy."
76561197984319102,Recommended,239030,8116696,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,macli,"It is absolutely unbelivable, that such a simple game can be such deep and surprising.The basic idea is you beeing immigration inspector. Boring and too easy? After first day at work, I came back home with about 30 Arzotzkan dollars earned - not enough to pay rent, heat and food for my family of 5. Every day you work harder and harder, but the procedure changes so often, making it almost impossible to earn enough money. And here the bribes come from smugglers and immoral guards. Ill and poor people want to enter your country for treatment or work every day. Not mentioning the Ressistance...One simply cannot understand how BIG is this game, before playing it."
,Recommended,239030,8164343,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cinderella,I approve entry to this game!
,Recommended,239030,8164798,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,☭ Cheesemongerer ☭,Absolutely Super. Get it.
,Recommended,239030,267127,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Kou,Very yes
,Recommended,239030,8165352,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,grimmeld,"Damn fun game, go get it already!"
,Recommended,239030,8165722,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kunta Kinte,FRICKING AWESOME!
76561198111273439,Recommended,239030,8165755,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GenyaAvacado,Don't Hesitate on picking up this title. If you love Wario Ware or any puzzle mini-games this title is for you.
76561198003841365,Recommended,239030,8165978,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,i.worm.tekila,Totally awesome!
76561197972802781,Recommended,239030,8166837,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Erik Navkire,"I found this game very awesome, loved the gameplay, the style of the game and above all the story. It might not be for everyone though, a large part of the game is checking people's passports while on a time limit, which requires quite a bit of your concentration. But if you can deal with that, you should get it. 20 different endings, lots of moral choices, it's worth the very low price!"
,Recommended,239030,8167372,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Xenolithus,"Best immigration bureau simulation, ever. Don't let its 8-bit graphic fools you. This game have solid (and OCD) gameplay and intense story-telling. 5$ well spent."
76561197973931575,Recommended,239030,8167788,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Clown Factory,Great game! Gameplay trumps graphics every time.
,Recommended,239030,8167991,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Stuartblarg,Why am i still playing this game?
,Recommended,239030,8184048,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FeralPup,"For a very simple game, it's very catchy and really fun to play!:D"
,Recommended,239030,8184242,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Chimmy 2Bags,"Buy this game! I know it doesn't sound like it should be fun and engrossing, but it is! Buy this game to support developers like this to continue to think outside of the box, buy this game because it IS fun, buy this game because it is cheap (especially on steam sales). Just buy this game!"
,Recommended,239030,8185026,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,riq,"It's really hard to convey with words what makes this game interesting. On the surface, this game feels exactly as if you were doing real life work:- You get a job.- You are assigned your tasks.- They feel like a chore.- You screw up- You get reprimanded- Your responsibilities grow, while your salary stays the sameHowever, throw in the realities of having a 6 member family to provide for, and it starts getting complicated. Fail to bring home enough money and some family members may have to starve, or freeze. If one of them is sick, you may have to choose between medicine, food, or heating. Will you take bribes then to offset these costs? Will you cooperate with terrorists to get a pay cut? Will you try to get through that gate as many people as you can, since you get paid by the person?At first it's really easy to make these desicions since you have no sense of what's really going on. After the first few hours go by, and you're grinding along day after day, you start to feel more like playing the character. You start to feel compassion for some of the pixelated people that desperately beg for entry. You start to make judgement calls based on how your family is doing. The game begins to develop into an extremely interesting experience where you're constantly being morally tested.The game has about 20 or 30-something outcomes (can't remember off the top of my head). So far I've managed to see about 9 of them. Every time I finish I'm finding new paths and possibilities to explore in order to see where the story goes. This is one of the 10 best experiences I've had with video games this year, and I wholeheartedly recommend you give this one a chance."
76561198027748988,Recommended,239030,8185086,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Honk Honk,10/10 Would bang.
76561198006499453,Recommended,239030,9726800,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Bjorn_Fellhand,"Ver Simple, Yet..... very engaging. great art style with an easy to learn system. If only paperwork was this fun in real life!"
,Recommended,239030,9727093,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Exodus,Awsome little game
76561198090070306,Recommended,239030,9729272,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,a rando©³,Papers please is a realy fun game with a very intrecate story line and 20 endings!
,Recommended,239030,9729821,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Valorr,"Papers, Please is another wonderful game where the graphics dont matter. The beauty of this game is in the story and the choices you make throughout the story. This is not just a game about who you let into Arstotzka and who you dont, there is a wonderful story woven through it. Every ""mistake"" that occurs, whether it be on purpose or not,  results in a deduction of your pay for that given day. Will you let in Jorji because he is the funniest character in the game, even though hes on the wanted criminals list? Or will you detain him to keep your family alive? That is up to you, and believe it or not, it changes the outcome of the story completely! The music in this game is also fantastic, and very catchy too. In the end, this game is a good amount of fun, and I highly reccommend it to all players looking to have a great time. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,9737223,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,[BRO] o19,A simple concept with amazing depth.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,239030,9739844,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Elffyx,Glory to Arstotzka
76561197970669497,Recommended,239030,9741514,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,njam07,"SImply brilliant. I'm glad I gave this game a shot as its turned out to be one of my faves. Its atmospheric, simple yet challenging and extremely addicitive."
,Recommended,239030,1316890,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Ad Avis,"Fantastic indie game. Starts off with a few basic game mechanics and adds layer upon layer ontop. Do I let this poor person through the checkpoint knowing I'm going to get penalise? Or do I do the right thing by my family, deny this person and use the extra money to pay for heating?Oh the decisions....decisions...."
76561197985694076,Recommended,239030,9442113,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Jipho The Juppis,"Comrade,Don't let the seemingly dull gameplay in videos fool you, this is a really fun game that gives some very though decisions and moral questions. Definetly one of the best games of 2013, especially for such a cheap prize.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198046390471,Recommended,239030,9442967,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,The Iron Sheik,Amazing game!!! Thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this game! Worth picking up regardless of what kind of games you are into. This game can be enjoyed by everyone!!
76561198053470771,Recommended,239030,9443214,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Bodell,"This game is enjoyable and very intense, it doesn't seem so at first, but with more and more rules and regulations being put into place every day and a family that's dying of starvation, you need to find the fastest way to judge people and allow them into your borders or tell them where to shove their fake passport. This game is fun but can seem overwhelming almost at times - it is very difficult but once you get used to a system, you can work very quickly.For my gameplay of Papers, Please, visit the link below!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmI2x3d3CJHPNmMC1kkCkiByFSallOSKE"
76561197998825270,Recommended,239030,8836337,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"This may have been the most unique game I played this year. In Papers, Please, you play a immigration clerk screening immigrants for potential entry into the fictitious country of Arstotzka. Immigrants give you their paperwork and it’s up to you to process and find any discrepancies in their papers.At the end of the day you’ll have to choose how to spend your very small paycheck - on feeding your family, paying the heat bill, or providing your children their medicine. And you probably won’t have enough money for all of it. You’ll want to process as many immigrants as you can as quickly as possible, because you’re paid by how many you process per day. But you don’t want to go too fast or you may miss a discrepancy in their paperwork and have to pay a fine. It’s kind of a nerve wracking and depressing game to play. But I don’t mean that as a negative criticism of the game, it was clearly designed to invoke those kinds of emotions. You really get the feeling of what it’s like to be a desk clerk doing a menial but stressful job and getting paid next to nothing for it.It’s an interesting and unique indie game. It’s not my favorite, but it’s certainly different, which is always good.For more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
76561198017958276,Recommended,239030,9434542,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Vahl,Worth every minute. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,239030,9590756,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Gnysearat,"This game is fun, but challenging. I find myself commiserating with DMV workers now."
,Recommended,239030,9576999,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,sorrygrey,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,9579907,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,The Outta Ten,Easily the best document authentication simulator ever made.
,Recommended,239030,9579933,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,jakalope242,"What part of ""dystopian document thriller"" doesn't sound amazing? Definitely not a game for de-stressing though, what with the rather unforgiving learning curve."
,Recommended,239030,7384759,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,SnailSnoot,this game just..... wow it has stuff like terrorists and i think that it is kind of fun bieng a mindless toll booth operator sincerily amente
,Recommended,239030,9414360,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,joffocakes,I'm depressed.[10]
,Recommended,239030,9415274,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,FragPuss2409,"This game looks so totally mind numbingly boring and sounds that way too.... and then you play itIt really is a nicely made game that requires a large amount of skill considering what it does, it's essentially a work sim, if your job happens to be Russian border/immigration control!There is a lot of nice subtle dark humour in this game aswell."
,Recommended,239030,9620720,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Brunswick,"At first glance, the game looks like Tedious Desk Job Simulator 9000. But when delved deeper into the story of an Arstotzkan Immigration Inspector, you find that the job is not so easy as it looks. New days mean new laws, and potentially new terrorist attacks. Between keeping your job, getting arrested, getting killed, fleeing the country, or becoming an anti-government freedom fighter, Papers, Please really hit the nail on the head for a very gripping story with constantly changing and challenging gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,9621420,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,dads never home,"People who look like figures from a wax museum ask to come inside your sh*t country, you can deny them based off race.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,7388391,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Mitchler,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,9622702,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,pr1meyyy,"Papers, Please is a beautifully sculpted game that apeals to all genres. Well seeming boring and unappealing in the beginning, Papers, Please has an interesing storyline and gameplay that has a massive replay value. I would reccomend this game especially for times when you are offline, in which the game can run seamelessly with no Internet connection."
76561198097165482,Recommended,239030,9623308,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,That's A Thing,Great Game! Buy it!
,Recommended,239030,9623566,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,mkovarik,"In Papers, Please you man the checkpoint that adjoins Kolechia and (presumably communist) Astotzka. You are responsible for autorizing entry for valid migrants and diplomats and denying entry to terrorists, forgers and criminals. Your work requires competency in multitasking and in attentativeness.The most interesting part of your job as a burocrat, however, are the moral choices you make. Do you heat your home or feed your family? Do you support revolutionaries? Do you accept bribes? Will you bend the rules for desperate refugees? Will you confiscate papers of innocent people to save your family?The game works well with Linux."
,Recommended,239030,9623572,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Don Volta,"This game is everything. I've never thought that woudl have feelings for some pixeled people trying to cross the border. Really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. You think you're a badass that will deny all the passports? Try and play it and you will end in tears when you read the newspaper next day , the girl you didnt let pass got killed in her country. Boom! Your heart is now broken."
,Recommended,239030,9624088,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Captain Bones,"Papers, Please looks like the most boring game. You accept or deny peoples passports. Well, lemme stop you right there. As you progress, many choices come to you. Many weird things happen at the checkpoint, but I won't say for reasons of spoilers. Overall, Papers, Please is one of my absolute favorite games. 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,9624222,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Genter,"While a game focusing on the life of a immigration officer may not sound very interesting at first, I can tell you for a fact that this very untrue. Never before have I had such feels from such a simple game. This game is by far one of the best games I've played and I highly recomend it. A game this simple shouldn't be so great,"
,Recommended,239030,9624241,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,cooldudes202,"Fantasticly deep game that is fun and interesting. Featured in a familiar dystopian country you play as a border inspector discovering smugglers, spies, terrorists and short story arcs which you determine the outcome. Narratively rich and featuring tons of replayability that is a great for time vs cost. Try it out today!"
76561198056243779,Recommended,239030,9624434,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,damn.,"Your just a simple boarder crossing guard. You do your job everyday, and come home with little to no pay. But there's twist within the game. There are terrorist, wanted criminals, people with fake passports, and more on. Your decisions change your ending. Being honest is good, but don't be to honest, it can get you in trouble. After living this bad life and job, it's your turn to be the civilian crossing the border."
76561198094471858,Recommended,239030,9600849,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,OHMH,This game is truly amazing
,Recommended,239030,9600994,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Gorbo,I absolutly love this game i only bought it because i need a game that would run on my laptop but im so glad I did buy it :)
,Recommended,239030,9601019,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,HeavyEyes,"Winner of the Innovation Award, Best Downloadable Game and Honorable Mention for GOTY at the 2014 Game Developers Choice Awards.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198067638300,Recommended,239030,9601143,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,The Illustrious Dr. Jim,"This game does not sacrifice either graphics or gameplay. You are fully immersed in the people you meet, no matter how brief a time. The feelings invoked when playing this game are entirely unexpected, but fully deserved.Glory to Arstotzka.Слава Арстотзка."
76561197990056345,Recommended,239030,9601559,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,caplucky94,"Offer me an hourly salary to sit and check information and data against other info and I would say that would be boring as hell.  But make a low graphics game about it and sign me up for hours of play time.  Amazing how mad I get when I miss a date or wrong issuing city and let a person through my gate.  Then how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I get cause my kids or wife is sick again and how much extra money they cost me.  Don't they realize how stressful my job is and how if I try and do it faster I make mistakes and get fined.  Oh and the rents been raised, sweet!This is not a game but a second job, it will draw you in and make you want to do the best job you can so as not to anger the mighty leaders.  Just when you get the hang of the new memo and procedures they want done, a new set of them comes out never letting you settle into a routine.  I can not remember a game that is not a game but is a game that can trick you into playing it for hours.I can't compare this to anything else but it is fun and worth the money, how someone came up with this as a game idea and what twisted upbringing led him to it I do not know but I enjoy it so far and am happy I bought it."
76561198106695889,Recommended,239030,9601637,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,KeyboardChap,"Interesting concept, fun game!"
,Recommended,239030,9602394,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,TheWitch,"It takes the things that should be the most 'un-fun' in not only gaming, but in life, and turns them into a very fun, very addicting game with a fun plot. Easily one of the best games I've played and unforgettable. While it goes to reason that the only character that wasn't made to seem anonymous (well, one of the only) is the most memorable, they were one of the favorites of my gaming collection and I looked forward to seeing him reappear each time. 10/10, try this game, there is no real genre for this other then a Must-play!"
76561198105034993,Recommended,239030,9602571,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,HERESY,"this was really fun, imersive and altogether epic. while a bit hard, you will have an ""explosion"" of a time. (get it? that level where at the end someone throws a grenade?)"
,Recommended,239030,9602906,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Trundle,this game's pretty good i guess i mean its no bad rats but it gets the job done
76561197989247340,Recommended,239030,8977452,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Szpillmann,tiene pinta de aduana sovietica de mentiritas AhAHAH
76561198035477583,Recommended,239030,8978230,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Gaming Grandma,"I highly recommend this game (as to be expected). I have never played a game like Papers, Please. It's premises seems so bizar that you might be turned off on first glance. However, it's story and tone were what pushed me through each day. I had to know what happened - not only to the main character and his family but the country and other reacurring characters as well."
,Recommended,239030,8979331,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,robberman,It's Paperwork Simulator 2013 mixed with Oregon Trail.Yet somehow it's one of the best games I've ever played.Legit.
76561198025242984,Recommended,239030,8979770,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,VelociraptQr,"When I explain this game to friends they laugh at me and say that it sounds boring.THEY COULD NOT BE MORE WRONG.Papers, Please is a brutal fight to keep your family alive working your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job and is just so addictive.CAN NOT STOP PLAYING"
,Recommended,239030,8982190,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Triumph627,"There is something oddly satisfying about stamping passports in this game. I like that it is so different from anything else, and really stands apart from the growing crowd of indie games. The pace of introducing new mechanics is excellent and keeps the gameplay fresh. The pressure to not make any mistakes while trying to serve as many people as possible is enough of a challenge to keep the game interesting, despite multiple playthroughs. While not for everyone, the praise this game has received is well earned, and I think it is a game that everyone needs to try out."
,Recommended,239030,8982456,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Lizbt,"Pretty much like my job, except I don't get paid and there's less anxiety-ridden decisions."
,Recommended,239030,9090034,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,RadicalLindsay,"If you haven't heard by now via Teh Internetz, this is an unexpectedly increible game. It tests your memory and concentration as you try to earn as much dough in a day as you can. You struggle as a husband and parent, juggling food and heating for your family. You question your sense of morality when certain situations arrive. Oh, how such wee pixels can mess with your mind and heartstrings. With 20 different endings, it has tremenous reply value as you re-play and ask yourself, ""Hmm, what will happen when I do THIS?"" Also, the main theme is totally ♥♥♥♥♥in'. I could listen to it all day. Thank you, Lucas Pope, for making such an beautiful masterpeice of an indie game. GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA."
76561198030971296,Recommended,239030,9092537,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,talia343,"I enjoyed the game.  I have not encountered a game quite like it, and it was intriguing.  I suggest it to people who want a break from the more typical gaming."
,Recommended,239030,9092796,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,FishWithNipplesBrother,"This game is fun, and has sucked up hours of my time. While the game has sort of a repetative style to it, there are things that make the variety of the game worth playing."
76561198047608290,Recommended,239030,9093776,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,I'm Treating myself,9/11 I have never felt more in control of people's lives. Amazing Game
76561197966704492,Recommended,239030,9094483,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,West72,Addictive and brings out you evil side :)
76561198044987249,Recommended,239030,9095324,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mobius42,"While not fun in the traditional sense, Papers Please is fun all the same. The obsessiveness to get the fewest mistakes possible overtakes you, and drives you back to the game over and over again, all the while asking: Will I survive?"
,Recommended,239030,9095407,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Phoenix Trite,"9,001/10 GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198037646881,Recommended,239030,9095721,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Bloody Blue Knight,A russian inspector at a border station in a made-up communist country screwing with immigrants. What could be more entertaining than that?
76561197972378637,Recommended,239030,9095997,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Leon Trotsky,"One of the most brilliant, innovative, and entertaining games I have ever played. For such a simple interface and a seemingly boring concept, I loved every bit of it. I even bragged to my friends about how good I was at checking documents. I wish there was more to it!"
,Recommended,239030,9096212,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Relianize,"Papers, Please is a great game you can spend hours on it without getting tired of it. May not be for everyone however most will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,239030,9096348,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Murder Charles,"This game takes paperwork and then makes you do it. It shouldn't be fun at all but the crazy characters you meet and the insane underlying plot keeps you engaged, and getting citations is a punch to the face every time. I highly reccomend this to take time off of doing paperwork to do more paperwork. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,9096466,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Banjo Kaboom,Surprisingly addicting. Who knew stamping passports could be so fun. You find yourself really nit-picking the details and paying attention to things. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes problem-solving games.
76561198047816734,Recommended,239030,9065447,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ReverseNachos15,"When debating whether I was going to buy this game or not, the only thought that crossed my mind was ""How is this a game?"" Now that I own it however, the only thing on my mind is ""How is this such a good game?"" It is surprisingly skill based, and depending on how quick, alert, and accurate you are will decide whether Little Timmy will be able to get medicine for that limb that fell off yesterday. A simple concept that simply shouldn't be as good as it is.I was fortunate enough to steal it during a sell, but it is definitely worth its normal $10.00 price tag. If you are on the fence about whether to spring on this or not, allow me to push you over that fence. I won't even ask for your papers. Please."
,Recommended,239030,9066022,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,4EverAlone2.0 :'D,This is actual fun game I watched The Yogscast (Lewis & Simon) Play it a while back while I was waiting for the full release of the game. Even though I lost track of time I bought the full release of the game and I am still pleased with the out come of what this game has to offer. It shows the difficulties and the stratgies in working at a Passport Booth. It's actually kind of funny being able to decline or accept players when ever you feel like it but always watch out for penalties as you might just get thrown in jail for not paying your debt on time! I recommend buying this if you're a fan of Classic Games or you jus want to see what it's like in a Passport Booth.
76561198110394606,Recommended,239030,7386540,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,MacyTrooper,Am really enjoying this game; it really puts you in the position of a paper pusher and makes you think. Love the old-school pixel art and heavy music too.
,Recommended,239030,9266066,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Slatervixen,"This game is too fun. After awhile you get pretty deep into the game play and forget for a minute where you are. It's simple, but rich. I recomment it."
76561198030764826,Recommended,239030,9277313,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,steve buscemi,It was fun for the half an hour I've played it so far.  Time management puzzle game that takes a bit of getting used to but seems like it could be very fun and challenging.
,Recommended,239030,8135148,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,CENCOR,"Strangely appealing, Papers, Please brings out the fun in the mundane task of inspecting folks before allowing them into the country. A definite must play for those who like a little indie on the side."
,Recommended,239030,9279127,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TrickyWiki,"Just... wow! One of the best games I played in 2013 and stumbled accross it by accident. Obviously I must have been living under a stone or something because with a simple google search this game was very much talked about by gamers and reviewers alike.Anyway, the game is relativly simple in scope, but still managed to do more with 50mb of disc space than most games I've played in 2013 that can be 10+gb. They music, look and atmosphere is great, and the choices you have to make really makes the player think and reflect.With around 20 ending and the fun achievements along the way where is the potential for many hours of gaming here for the meger price of 9 (!) euroes. Considering the price I really must say that this is the safest recommend and must buy for anyone out there I've ever given."
76561198041275277,Recommended,239030,9280655,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,AlexPBJ,This game is incrediblesuch is life in glorious artstotzka
,Recommended,239030,9282292,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,strizzuth,"I don't know how to explain this game because it's hard to explain without making it sound boring.  The basic mechanics of this game are best summed up as ""passport stamping simulator"", but that description falls flat of the REAL heart of the game.  I'll cut to the chase.  This is a game about political intrigue and personal dilemmas.  A young woman comes up to you and gives you an invalid passport.  Naturally, your job requires you to deny her entry but she is begging you to let her through so she can see her ailing father.  Every action has consequence, and the REAL heart of the game has more to do with getting you to think critically about rules in context.  The setting is also very well established.  While the poor English might come off as a tad xenophobic, the grim mood, use of dull colors and lack of music during play segments really sets an amazingly oppressive tone.  Not to mention the way your government, who you work for, is constantly suspicious of you.  This game can be a bit of a one trick pony, but it does it SO VERY WELL that I kept playing and loved every minute."
76561198031520073,Recommended,239030,4063792,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Benji,"Fun game, definetly worth it."
76561197970764767,Recommended,239030,8499664,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jfduval,"very fun for a while but get repetitive fast.the level of difficulty is a little bit to harsh for my taste, i never finished it for that reason.made me think of pheonix wright attorney without the polished anime style.for the low price, i highly recommend it."
76561198098096931,Recommended,239030,9393250,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Cheesy,"Papers, Please should not be fun, but somehow it is very fun. At first site it might seem like checking papers for descrepices is boring, but somehow Papers, Please makes it fun. It provides an exciting story and good gameplay. It is one of the best games i have ever played. This games is simply fanstatic. 9.5"
,Recommended,239030,9393778,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Rinaberd,Glory to Arktzoska.
,Recommended,239030,9400254,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,alexandru.bordei,"This is a very, very interesting game. You have to make real life and often conflicting decisions which lead to completely different results. I think it's the only game I've ever finished and kept playing to see the alternate story lines. I greatly recommend it."
76561198047136355,Recommended,239030,9400488,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Panger,"It's an amazing game. But there is an error that when you have zoomed a document, you click the next page, it usually deflate back on your desk. i also hope Steam can add Trading card to this game. And wish the pubblisher add more DLCs on this game!"
,Recommended,239030,9509874,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Gerod,some details are very interesting.
76561198014834871,Recommended,239030,9512061,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,GLO,Glory to ARSTOTZKA!!!
76561198042226769,Recommended,239030,9512619,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Limoncello,one of the best games i did gone and playeda story that genuinely feels like you are in control and a whole lot else
,Recommended,239030,11241770,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ethan,"Very addicting, and very fun. It may not look like it would be, but it is amazing and is a game everyone should get. I just wish there was a mobile version for tablets. I can just imagine dragging documents across the screen and stamping passports with a touch screen."
76561197979609889,Recommended,239030,11242072,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,bmath,"Not _fun_, per se, but an art piece. This is like that movie that you really like about that dystopian fantasy state behind the iron curtain that makes you unsettled.This isn't for entertainment, this is a video game experience like nothing else."
76561198068243639,Recommended,239030,11254268,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,PatrickTahGreat,Amazing game! Love it alot. There are 20 diferent endings so it will take a while to beat. There are some points that arent very clear on what your to do but you tend to figure it out as you go along.
76561198030763207,Recommended,239030,11225681,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,wayway2tall2000,Greatest game I've ever played. Please port to mobile.
76561197987011822,Recommended,239030,11226420,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Zapp Brannigan,I think *this* game deserves the coveted 'Top Bureaucratic Simulator' award; I don't care what people say about 'Desk Clerk 2: Mail Room Boogaloo'
76561198019144593,Recommended,239030,11226563,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,oatmealbatman,Surprisingly real in its handling of issues that many around the world experience on a regular basis. This game made me think about the world. I would highly recommend that people support this game and its creator. Thank you!
,Recommended,239030,11360194,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Caustic Pixels,"My first impression was rather good -- a feat in and of itself since I tend to hate everything the first time I try it.  While learning the ropes of how to do my labor-lottery won job and having to feed me and my family *and* keep us warm for ridiculous amounts of credits each DAY, I felt a healthy and enjoyable amount of existential dread.After the initial shock wore off I was able to analyze just how the economy is in this Arstotzka place -- it's just about as expensive as 2014 USA; this game managed to be a sneaky commentary, and actually fun to play while it was doing it.If nothing else, this is a great time-sink that can keep you busy for hours, upon hours, upon..... etc."
,Recommended,239030,11361365,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,T.w² | Variant-,"Papers Please may seem like a boring game but once you get in you'll have hours of fun. Don't mess up though because you'll be penialized and maybe arrested. This game is really good, you should play it."
76561198047942184,Recommended,239030,11366088,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Axel Nova,"This game is absolutely astonishing. Eventhough it seems dull at first. You'll start playing and just never let go. Amazing story, engaging gameplay, highly atmospheric artstyle. Amazing."
76561198117163388,Recommended,239030,11367173,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,UberMario-3252,"While reviewing a man's passport, I noticed that his gender was female. I figured that this was a discrepency, so i told him to face the scanner. Unfortunatley, the ugly truth was revealed that he, was in fact a she, or more of a man's head with a woman's body. I'm not bashing anyone who's transgendered or with mannish features, just seeing the picture suprised me. I later stared at the picture for the rest of the day.10/10"
76561197991563214,Recommended,239030,11369322,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,zBaer,If you love micro-managing think like papers then this is a game for you. I thought this was going to be a silly time waster but i was proved wrong. There are 20 endings to keep you engauged in the game for awhile. Its funny and sad at the same time. And the theme song is perfect.9/10 easy
,Recommended,239030,11340771,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kros,"Joguinho diferente, mas bem legal. A jogabilidade não é lá essas coisas, mesmo para um point-and-click, mas as escolhas que você tem que fazer e como elas afetam a história é interessante."
76561198095923226,Recommended,239030,11341668,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,austinaryder,even though its just looking at passports its still very fun and sometimes funny
,Recommended,239030,11346686,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,BleakMoose,it is a silly funny game and i like it
,Recommended,239030,11269026,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Pick Yer Poison,"Papers, please"
,Recommended,239030,11271533,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SHIFT-E,Too ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to explain just play it! :D
76561197962219058,Recommended,239030,11834853,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Matthew,Most fun I've ever had doing paperwork.
,Recommended,239030,11835992,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Julesrou,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA !!
76561197974708447,Recommended,239030,11839216,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jady,"When I first saw this, I thought ""wow this sounds bad"", but it was fairly cheap and I was fairly bored, and I'd heard good things. So I tried it.I was amazed how engaging the overall game is. The story is quite interesting and compelling, the choices are difficult, the gameplay is difficult (in a really good way), and it is something so unique. It would be very hard to replicate, because it's quite a delicate balance."
76561198040602927,Recommended,239030,4671703,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,GorillaBikerMan,Very fun game that simulates the thrill of paper work.
76561198096528910,Recommended,239030,10174573,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,De Regter (NL),Administration at it's finest.
,Recommended,239030,10163150,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Devonicus,"Fun and simple game.  Very interesting to rate an improvement on your own observation skills as you go through this game.  I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for something simple and fun.  It easy subverts most peoples superficial demands, even though it lacks graphics to brag about."
,Recommended,239030,9898204,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Memester's Union Chapter #420,Cobrastan will always be a real country in my heart.
,Recommended,239030,9902050,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,voker57,"Process of checking the documents is surprisingly interesting, and the atmosphere of totalitarian bureaucracy is just awesome.And the rewarding sound of alarms going off when you send some cheating scumbag to detention, mmm..."
,Recommended,239030,9902109,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,dat boi,"A very morbid game, playing this game will make you really question what you are doing. Its not rewarding, gameplay is very frustrating......and yet the story is captivating enough to want to comeback to it.Game so unique its more of an experience."
,Recommended,239030,9902851,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Saint Rubenio,"To be honest, that game impressed me, I met it for first in a gameplay. Then i downloaded the demo, played it, and then forgot about it soon. But then, a year later in 2014, i saw it in steam, reminded about it and... decided to buy it.How to review this game? is not easy. Seems boring, but is not. It has its sad moments, its tense moments, its funny moments... all through a simple way: the dialogs of the inmigrants and his papers. Criminals, smugglers, terrorists, that funny old man... all of them can bring you a challenge.In the gameplay side, the game is pretty nice. Personaly i find it actually funny. ME, i don't know YOU. I use to spend many time in endless :)Do i recommend that game? yes. Should you spend your money on it? yes.and for last... glory to arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,9912100,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,BigFieldy,"Simply put, this game is challenging, interesting and addictive."
76561198022306281,Recommended,239030,9913069,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Comrade Squidward,"It's a bureaucrat simulator. You work at the border of some dirty pinko nation, you can do your work right and let only the people who brought the proper paperwork in (and have people try to bribe or get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you for actually doing your job), or you can be more flexible with the regulations and reunite lost lovers etc.Gameplay is repetitive, environment is bleak, people are asses to you, it's the closest we'll probably ever get to a game that puts you in the shoes of someone who works at the DMV. The way it makes you kinda makes you feel like a robot just punching passports in is actually pretty cool."
,Recommended,239030,9904145,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,drierplease,"I didn't know how a game that seems as simple as Papers, Please could affect me in the way that it did. The game forces you to care about the people trying to cross your border, balancing your willingness to help others with your need to survive and provide for your family. If you describe this game to somebody it might be hard to make it sound fun, and I don't know if it is what I would call fun, but it is a completely absorbing experience. Set aside some alone time and play this game."
,Recommended,239030,9905873,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Morty,"Very simple and yet very deep. Although it may not like it at first sight, it is an amazing game."
,Recommended,239030,9907809,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Onion,"Great, immersive, tense game. I really got into the setting of the game and for its simplicity that's impressive. An intersting take on a game, definately worth checking out."
76561198092085732,Recommended,239030,9913983,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Pope Julius IV,The best game ive ever played!
76561197994321880,Recommended,239030,1532782,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Sparafucil,"A deceptively complex, utterly absorbing game about paperwork. I recommend everyone who values well-crafted, innovative indie games buy this now. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,10278017,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Shell Universe,The most fun I've ever had hating my job. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,9381065,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,kkontagion,"Love this game! The art style doesn't look appealing at first, but once you start the game you realize just how perfectly it matches the game and its entire context. Excellent replayability for both story and endless modes. Story mode provides many alternate endings based on choices you make (or don't), and the things the immigrants say to you can be pretty amusing. In endless mode, the many different ways to play offer the player the perfect way to kill time. The music, even if it's only at the title screen, and the sound effects capture the atmosphere of the game perfectly and makes for an immersive, addictive experience irregardless of how the game is set in just one little area in a 2D world."
,Recommended,239030,8999319,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Tilted,Fun ! :)
,Recommended,239030,9001395,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Butt Aldrin,I can't post the full written review here so you can watch the video version of it here:http://youtu.be/Tmmmg0TCWyoCliffnotes version:i like it a lot
,Recommended,239030,9001432,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Dirt Nap Deliverer Dengar,"This is one of the best indie games I have ever played. The atmosphere of working as a border patrol immigration worker, accepting and denying passports, and having to check every part of the papers they give you to see if they are correct and up to date can be quite fun. It can also become tense at times, like having to make sure you don't do anything wrong to get the best pay, so you can feed your family, keep them warm, ect... The way this game is executed is just simply perfect. This game was ten dollars well spent.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198074028658,Recommended,239030,9002323,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Buddybenj,Very fun game. It may look boring at first but it is an awesome game. The bad graphics and grey terrain contributes to the overal atmosphere of the story. I like it.
,Recommended,239030,9004385,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,xpazeman,Just marvellous. Never being an inmigration officer has been so engaging.
,Recommended,239030,9006943,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,api birtay,This game is perfectly demonstrating what would happen if there would still be some kind of a communistic Russia divided into different countries.
76561198053753505,Recommended,239030,9009007,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Black Death,Best game gotta to spend hours on it.
,Recommended,239030,9015924,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,FallenTree,Best game I played in a while
76561198047550516,Recommended,239030,9022531,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,LucianoMadam,"A lot of games are about being a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, often taking the role as a faceless, personality-devoid drone, in a dark and dreary world. It is a reason to tire of modern gaming. Papers, Please is about being a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, taking the role as a faceless, personality-devoid drone, in a dark and dreary world. It is a reason to cherish modern gaming.Placed in the role as an immigration control inspector, your job is to apply or decline entry to the fictitious nation of Arstotzka. Carefully checking through each persons documents for inconsistencies gradually becomes a more difficult task as the required paperwork piles up. It's a unique game where the core gameplay experience is essentially administration work and that makes it even more bizarre that it is enjoyable. It helps to have a clever story that builds up around the role you play. You feel as though have the scope to change things in slight ways, but at the same time, each tiny infraction is severely punished. Not only is Arstotzka oppressive to newcomers, residents like yourself must pay high living costs on a very low wage linked to work accuracy. Helping a poorly woman with an invalid entry permit so she can see her son may be the reason your son gets sick. Conversely, taking bribes or being a fascist prick might be the only way your little boy gets to eat tonight! Despite the game world being nothing but the daily newspaper and the cramped work space of your little office, everything you do feels so real and, consequently, important.Spread over a maximum of 31 days, the main campaign can end in twenty different ways (most of them bad and occuring much earlier) depending on the choices you make and the efficiency with which you do your job. And it's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it. Glory to the Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,9189169,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Rumblephant,"Enjoy looking at a table top of puzzle pieces trying to find the one specific piece? If you answered ""yes"" then Papers, Please is probably a game for you. Every day is a race against time while you're searching through various documents trying to find the right formula of information held in your brain's RAM.One thing that really shown through in this game is the difficult decisions you had to make while being the arbiter with the stamp. Some were really tough, causing you to balance your family's health against another citation from HQ. Others were flat attempts that tried to hide the repetition of the game's mechanics.This game boasts a mildly longer play time than the mechanics keep fresh however. I think you can get a solid play-through in around 4-5 hours. With several endings to the game you are bound to come back with stamp in hand for a few more plays. Worth the $10 bucks, not much more."
76561198040859288,Recommended,239030,9189703,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SoulfullGinger,Great game! Very replayable with multiple endings possible depending on in-game choices.
,Recommended,239030,1502138,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Alhazred,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,239030,7992254,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Usten Macduff,"Its a passport checkpoint simulator set in a fake communist country in the 80's. It shouldn't be fun, but it is. Its insanely addictive."
,Recommended,239030,11254551,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,deku,Its a good game. What else is there to say
76561198065715827,Recommended,239030,11882293,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Time Lord,"really good Cold War game. You're a customs official and stamp papers, but then get into a socialist group planning to bring down the Communist country :D because everyone is poor. Reminds me a lot of the Soviet Union."
,Recommended,239030,11882422,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Captain DOTS,"Do you consider yourself a gamer? If so, buy this game and experience what its like to screw people over so you can feed your family."
76561198028380810,Recommended,239030,12007379,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Kannoli,Got sent to prison for not having my award on my desk. 10/10 would get sent to prison again.
76561198151936210,Recommended,239030,12010101,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ItalianJob101,"It's difficult to describe this game and get across the reason why it is such a great experience. To put it literally, you are an inspector at a checkpoint which has recently been opened, one which makes entry into the country possible. People wishing to enter the country come to you with papers - at first just a passport, but then they need more and more to enter - and it is your job to check through them for mistakes or 'discrepancies'. If a discrepancy is found, you use your 'decline' stamp on their passport. If not, you can use your 'accept' stamp to let them into the country.This is basically the game. However, the developer has done an amazing job of showing the people coming into the country - people with lives, worries, and reasons needing to get in. You could deny the woman who really wants to see her son, or the wife of a man who you just let through - but when they turn away, and walk off you will feel it. You also have to keep your family alive, however. At the end of each day you can choose whether to buy food and heating, both, or neither - if you're out of money for, say, allowing people to enter because you felt sorry for them.This is a truly fascinating game, one which I would definately recommend to anyone - you probably won't quite understand what it is until you've tried it."
76561198063165564,Recommended,239030,12013067,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mr.Cat,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!!!
,Recommended,239030,11855542,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Pen,"Who knew that work could be interesting, and that over 50% of all the people entering a country are totally sketchy? Great game, somehow."
76561198110855074,Recommended,239030,11855700,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,cup_o_noodles,It's realy addictive and fun.
76561198079877997,Recommended,239030,11858792,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Mutt Cutts,The concept of border control as a game sounds ridiculous but it works so well. Great game with a great development in difficulty to keep you from getting bored. Little stories added by civilians and family life keep you entertained throughout. A simple but very enjoyable game.
76561198002322404,Recommended,239030,11876755,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,claretabroad,A wonderful game that makes you question your morality in a variety of ways.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,239030,11827633,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,whitneyarner,"This game gets a little too real when the compelling, addictive nature of it has you playing it for hours straight and starting to make slip-ups, just like you might after day after day of working in a grim regime. Thought-provoking and enjoyable, in a dark, strange way."
76561198091152119,Recommended,239030,11829386,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,!King_Parrot!,"I love it, theres nothing i like more than a game with multiple endings. Around 10min in i was in debt and my family had been sent back to there village. So much to check for and so many papers to look through, i highly recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,239030,11830883,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,r3coveRy,"I bought this game few weeks ago when it is on sale. I found out this game is quite interesting after I watched the trailler. After 15 hours of playing and I have unlocked all the achievements, to be honest, this game is a must-have-game for everyone. Papers, Please gameplay and its concept are original. I recommended to others to buy and play this game. I will guaranteed that you will not disappoint.Glory to Arstotzka!10/10"
,Recommended,239030,11848751,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,jhicks1,this is a great game
76561198115228366,Recommended,239030,11853018,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,[GFL] The Unkindled One,"I cannot tell you the number of times I've been given weird looks while playing this.That's simply because it's not a game that's designed with everyone's interest.But, on another note, let's actually talk about the game.Papers, Please is a game about a border station admittance worker in a Eastern German-esque country known as Arstotzka. You are responsible for allowing or denying entrance into your country. Now, as a citizen in a communist state, you are subject to being fired and imprisoned at any time. With that in mind, you have to make decisions wisely. Full of heart-churning decisions that test every part of your mind, as to what is good and what is wrong.Gameplay.8/10 at best. While slow at times, there are moments where a person will get your humor side flowing out of your mouth. Others are causing you emotional pain cuz their passports expired and their spouse made it through but they legally can't.AI8/10. Somewhat predictable, except for the occasional terrorist attack.Story9/10. Amazing. Intrique, excitement, and also action, you'll love it.Overall score: 25/30, or 5/6 for those scoring at home. Buy it, it's worth the $10"
,Recommended,239030,11853527,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,ATwiz,Attention to detail and the ability to follow orders. If you are lacking these things play this game. It should kick you into shape. Enjoyable game. But kinda hard to play too long after you beat it
,Recommended,239030,12098734,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,bloos_magoos,You get to see boobys. 10/10.
,Recommended,239030,12103123,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,slymanbri,"Quite the game.I don't know exactly what makes this game awesome.Maybe it is the pixilation goodness..Maybe it is the multiple storylines..Maybe it is the quest for perfection..Whatever it is, if you don't have this game, you are missing out."
,Recommended,239030,11950903,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,robin7crows,"To paraphrase Orwell, fascism is an inspector stamping on passport photos forever. A brutally tense, lo-fi portrayal of paper pushing in a totalitarian bureaucracy that also works as an intricate game of pattern matching and ""spot the difference"" (the designer shows a possibly admirable amount of sadism in how he continually cranks up the difficulty level).  Further spiked with narrative incidence and moral choices it's also a deceptively complex game, much more interesting then it's presentation initially led me to believe. Recommended if you're looking for something different and challenging."
76561198030286945,Recommended,239030,11953526,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Raydox,gud
,Recommended,239030,10996338,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,HappyDaysinHell,"I was curious after hearing about this game as to how being a passport officer could be 'fun'. It is though, impossible to explain to other people, yes but really involving with a lot of heart and humour scattered throughout. Buy it, buy it now!"
,Recommended,239030,10858675,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NewJanson,My entire family is dead.... Great game...
,Recommended,239030,11117615,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Chucamuca,"Easily addicting, a brilliant game filled with humour, fictional history, drama and characters!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,11117748,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Matute Remus,"Papers, Pleaseis a fun piece of art. It is a game, but really, it's all about the experience of drudgery and suffering in a soviet-ish state. You stamp passports all day.Visually beautiful and retro, and the game masterfully conveys exactly what it wants you to feel.Worth a few enjoyable hours of simulated suffering."
,Recommended,239030,11119428,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,o xavier lá da turma da mônica,"Simples e dificil no começo, mas com um pouco de prática se torna um jogo imersivo e gostoso de jogar."
76561198118886958,Recommended,239030,10952003,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jrod95,SOOOOO ADDICTING!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198035338590,Recommended,239030,10952208,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sawwave,"went 5 buck in debt one night, got sent to debtors prison and had my family deported.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,239030,10952509,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GrrrArgh,"This doesn't seem like it would be fun just going by the concept, but jeez, I can't stop playing it. It's deceptively complicated, and it even has a story going on if you pay attention. I love it!"
76561198082823279,Recommended,239030,10953434,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Notorious,"Small simple game, fantastic story and challenging playthrough.  Multiple endings make this games replayability addicting."
,Recommended,239030,10953460,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,APersuasiveTurnip,Nothing more satisfying than denying foreigners into your motherland!
,Recommended,239030,10954284,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,nickthestick454,"Simplistic yet complicated.  The theme of the game is captured perfectly, while also evolving with each day you progress in the game.  Great replay value, definitely would recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,11123341,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Logan,"One word that sums this game up - ""interesting"", but a little bland.It's almost a world similar to George Orwell's ""1984"".To sum it all up, you're a character working at the border patrol for a dystopian and authoritative country. Each day, you decide who goes through, mostly based upon if they have the right documents or not. Making a wrong decision can be horrific, resulting in a terrorist attack (probably an inside job); as time progresses, the requirements for entering the country skyrocket. Sometimes letting people through is a question of morale - perhaps they forgot one document and their visa expires the next day... do you risk your job performance for another man's happiness?One thing that is unique with Papers, Please is the various endings your game can have.For being what it is, this game is alright. I would recommend it, but I wouldn't recommend it over a lot of games. It's a little quirky, quite dark, and you might be wandering what the hell you are doing on it... but at least you're entertained."
,Recommended,239030,11125004,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mezzamine,Glory to Arstotzka. Arstotzka best country. You buy this game. You uphold honour of Arstotzka.please help usYou come visit. I show you good time.
76561198019290331,Recommended,239030,11125780,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,½Man½Penis,Nothing like a simulator for Russia in the 80's
,Recommended,239030,11126640,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DeadMeat,"Fun little game, that can be way more addicting then you might first think. The game starts out easy enough but quickly becomes a struggle to perform your best at work, while juggling difficult choices. Worth the money, or a nice pickup when discounted."
76561198045621740,Recommended,239030,9671036,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,M. Night Shyamalan,This game is pretty good. All you do is stamp papers but if you are bored this is the perfect game to make you happy and un-bored :)
,Recommended,239030,9744871,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Jrodddr,Play this damn game. Be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Embrace the evil.
,Recommended,239030,9726150,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Vlad The Terrible ☭,"an amazing, simple idea. it's awkward how indie games have a bad name, and this has competed well for ""game of the year"""
,Recommended,239030,9636091,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Skittlebrau46,"I just had to turn down an entry visa for a wife, right after approving her husband, knowing that she would be killed if she went back home. But if I let her through, I would get docked 5 credits, and I couldn't get the medicine my son needs.And that is only one story of my time so far as an Arstotzkan immigration inspector. All glory to Arstotzka!NEXT!!!!"
76561197972474195,Recommended,239030,9637017,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Captain Saunders,"Huge RECOMMENDATION. This game looks like an absolutely snoozer from the pics and video, but you are in for a BIG BIG BIG surprise if you get it. I got it on sale for $5 and I couldn't have been happier. Get it now"
76561198020217602,Recommended,239030,9445726,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,jroyald,"One of the most stressful games I have ever played. If you have high blood pressure, are prone to panic attacks, or suffer from a heart conditions... This game is NOT for you. If you however, want to feel the crushing pressure of checking papers at a war torn border, then look no further."
76561198083107562,Recommended,239030,9637704,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,The Dirty Canuck,"When I first set eyes on this game, it looked quite odd and I never thought I would be enjoying it as much as I do now. But after owning it for a solid 3 weeks, it astounds me that Lucas Pope was able to throw this game together. I marveled at the simplicity, yet addictiveness of it. Papers Please is truly a great game which brings much fun."
76561198026911189,Recommended,239030,9641771,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,zehreken,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,239030,9557023,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,rodvil,"A game has to be good if it makes you think on larger questions, right?Do your job or do the right thing?"
76561198090847774,Recommended,239030,9618176,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,JonjoShelvey,Very exciting!
,Recommended,239030,9619714,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mustang McCloud,border crossing guard game. you ruin people's day. would play again!
76561198093907470,Recommended,239030,9837043,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Ryziel,"I'm so glad I live in a time when papers, please can exist. It is a game at the forefront of proving that video games are a unique narrative medium, an art that, when crafted by skilled hands like this games developer, can be intensly deep, thought provoking and memorable. The narrative is crafted so expertly into the simple, yet challenging gameplay, that if someone ever asks how a game should tell a story while still letting the player have input, papers please is the perfect example.You will not play any other game like papers please. If your a gamer who likes to find as many unique experiences in a game as you can, you can't miss this one."
,Recommended,239030,9838790,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Suicide Machine,YOU PLAY A BORDER COSTUMS AGENT AND YOU HAVE TO HANDLE WITH STRANGE SANARIOS SUCH AS: YOU DEAL WITH A SENILE OLD MAN AND A MAN WITH A BOMB STRAPED TO HIS STOMACH AND EVEN A PIMP SNEEKING HIS GIRLS INTO A DIFERENT COUNTRY AND THERE IS A MAN RUNNING FROM THE POLICE TO HIDE FROM A MURDER. THAT IS HOW GOOD THE GAE IS AND ITS GREAT
76561198042956737,Recommended,239030,9838863,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,atramentousFirmament,"Sometimes it's not about what a game IS, it's about what a game DOES.  This game IS a paperwork sim.  But what it DOES is tell a story of political intregue through the eyes of a border crossing guard.  That seems like an odd choice, at first, but as a border crossing guard, one sees a large range of different people from different backgrounds trying to get in.  Very very very well made, and surprisingly immersive."
,Recommended,239030,9839401,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Trav Mumbles,"It just like living in Soviet Union, only fewer bread line."
76561198055346573,Recommended,239030,9840279,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,KillerMuppet,"Papers Please is an excellent example of an amazing Indie game that could be considered Best game of 2013 with contenders like Bioshock Infinite, Last of Us, GTA 5. and in my opinion i believe papers please is better than all those shooters.Papers Please in the end is an amazing experience for everyone, either making you look like a good guy to all civilions or or and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to everyone you come across. You see people come and go and make some new friends, and new enemies.Papers Please is an excellent PC which could be considered Game of the Year for people who play it. I would rate it 10/10 2nd best game of 2013 in my opinion."
76561198076342644,Recommended,239030,9563820,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,u106367,"This game is REALLY great.Here you have two different games inside one. First, is an addictive visual-agility game, trying to compare documents and iddentify criminals the quicker as you can. But there's another game inside the game; there's also an strategy gameplay: will you let pass the agents against the government, even with wrong documents? Will you accept money from ""strange"" sources to feed your family?It is a really strange game, but it's great."
,Recommended,239030,9565700,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Blue_Tiez55,"Papers, Please as much as everyone may think isnt very fun, it is. Every thing from the cartoon like look to it, to the music and sounds of the people. It even has a story behind everything and the story is very nice! I would recommend this to any one looking to play a layed back game and just need to pass some time!"
76561198089940283,Recommended,239030,9565815,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,dalgallacher,"I hesitated to buy this highly recommended game for over a week.  While it is tedious and repetitive by nature, its also incredibly satisfying and taxing.  The game itself has a steep learning curve, day 1 being a breeze but by day 4 its already about remembering to check details that are obvious and in my first few play throughs I failed miserably by day 5, if that.  But you learn from your errors and starting again stronger keeps me coming back.I'd rate this the best indie game I've ever played.  If it was an App on my phone I'd be sacked from work due to the addiction factor, but being on my PC at home just means I spend the day with a Red-army-esque theme tune playing through my head till I can satisfy it after work to do my *real* job on boarder control.If you are hesitant to purchase this game or not, dive in and get to work!  You won't regret it"
,Recommended,239030,9567909,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Goolius Boozler,"An incredibly poignant, stressful and horrifying peice of beautiful art."
,Recommended,239030,7907101,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Forbes,"Papers, Please offers a unique experience playing the role of an immigration inspecter in a totalitarian state.  I never would have imagined before playing that I would get that one more turn feeling that I get from Civ games.  It requires extreme attention to detail in  which you inspect documents, compare people to their documents, and deal with every changing rules that are dictated by events that happen in the game.  I truly felt sympathy for border control inspectors after playing and will likely be a little less impatient on my next international trip."
76561198128663908,Recommended,239030,9603075,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SomeSimpleGuy,"What brilliance to turn someones drolling monotony into a humorous and entertaining fun challenge! Oh these migrants remind me of the honest denizens of L.A Noire. Such attempts to fool your discrepant eye are humorously insulting. With 20 different endings of the game, it challenges you to replay the sheer repetitiveness of someones hellish job in the suggestively Eastern Europe 80's. For such a bargainous price on your steam play, this game is gladly recommended in my honest opinion. Hiyaka!"
,Recommended,239030,9604334,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ornate Chaos,"This game is ridiculously tedious with very little explanation of what you're actually supposed to be looking for... so essentially, a good simulation of what a government job is like. Every tiny detail can trip you up, so if you have a touch of OCD to you, this may be something you'll enjoy. For me, it gives me flashbacks to carding people for alcohol, but at least in this game they don't stick around and complain at you when you deny them. Story mode can be unforgiving of mistakes if you want to look over a few discrepancies for the sake of morality, so you may want to re-play levels to get a better understanding of the details before you move on."
,Recommended,239030,9605668,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Uhh can i get a big mac?,Got shot by my boss for putting up a crayon drawing in my office. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,9606247,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Cockney Weasel,"a very good game. despite the boring sounding nature of the game it is genuinely very exciting. shame its quite short though. a graphically simple game, but definitely worth playing."
76561198017509197,Recommended,239030,9607071,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Combustible lemons,"Great game. On first sight it looked like a simple and fun game, but it is more than that. You have to make difficult choices. You even have to decide who lives and who dies. This game really makes you think."
,Recommended,239030,9607330,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,For,An engaging moral and philosophical journey makes this GOTY 2013.
76561197992890019,Recommended,239030,1408194,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Mustadio,"If art can be judged by how much it makes us feel, this game belongs in a museum."
,Recommended,239030,9607532,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,INeverSaidBatman,"Absolutely loved it! It's very easy to understand how it works and the pace of difficulty is good enough for you to get into it. However, it IS difficult to master. You really, really need to have a good eye because later on there will be so much documents and rules to take care of. It can get pretty dark as well. Not only do you need to do your job well (I know, I'm shocked too) but you also have to take care of your family. Guess what? I wasn't good enough on my first playthrough and all of my family died because I couldn't afford to pay the bills as well as the medicine and food for them.It also deals with terrorists attacks as well as other government issues that will test your morality. And yet, it's a lot of fun and addictive. The screenshots may intimidate you but trust me, you will get the flow of the game rather easy. You just need to have great, and I mean GREAT attention to details in order to stop bad people from going through.The price could be discussed but on the other hand it does offer a lot of depth and strategy. If you're reticent about it, grab it on sale like I did. It's worth it. Trust me, I'm an actor."
76561198043281789,Recommended,239030,9607999,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,PenPenZC,"In short, highly recommend to buy it and play it for the experience.Personal opinion below --Art style:Love the 8-bits retro style.Sound & Music:Consider it average, but does hit the right notes.Gameplay:Very interesting, the sole reason why to pick up this title.This game empathize heavily on the philosophy aspect, while copes really well with the game mechanics. This is what made this game so intriguing.Replayability:Diminishing really quickly after a few play-through; however, will always re-surface for replay."
76561197996331443,Recommended,239030,9608081,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,johnny,"Very ""stressful"" and unique game!!Buy it!!"
,Recommended,239030,9608641,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Bleach,"Brilliant Game, worth every penny. The Gameplay is well designed and it feels finished. the dialogue is superb and over-all this is a great game"
76561198097595813,Recommended,239030,9609042,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,MeLLo,Really enjoyed this game. Keeps you thinking. Only cons is that its too short and prob not worth the price. Get it on sale. Enjoyable. Will recommend.
76561198108515363,Recommended,239030,9609222,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Animetra,"Yes i do recommend this game because it is a very nice simulation game and it teachs a lot about Russia and the graphics are quite good, personally i love the game because I just love it idk why."
,Recommended,239030,9596531,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Warmarine,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
76561197993244955,Recommended,239030,1435882,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Monk,"Who would have thought checking passports would be so enthralling. Definately worth the full price, in my opinion."
,Recommended,239030,9598055,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,MechaTurtles,The graphics are tremendous in 8 bit and the story is too! The gameplay is absolutely fantastic and will absorb you. 5/5 One of the best indie titles I know.
,Recommended,239030,9598145,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,legitimatealex,Creepily addictive. The whole game is like one giant 'In Soviet Russia' joke. Strangely compelling.
,Recommended,239030,9598482,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tesseract,It made me enjoy paperwork..PAPER WORK!
76561198069309348,Recommended,239030,9598720,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Galo13,"I had my doubts when first buing the game, i mean what's so interesting about filing papers? how is beauracracy fun at all? But soon after playing i had all m doubts erased, the truely original story made m want to keep playing just to keep my family alive. I have since played the game through many times and truely loved every single scenario I've come across"
,Recommended,239030,8472171,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Herr Kaese,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
76561198039192883,Recommended,239030,8472418,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,George W Bush II,"When I first saw the description of this game, it didn't sound very exciting at all, but upon watching a few seconds of gameplay on the internet before purchasing, I knew the impression I had of it was completely wrong. This game is, if not the greatest, then one of the greatest game releases of 2013. You play as an immigration inspector for the fictional communist nation of Arstotzka, in a situation that somewhat resembles the Berlin Wall, with the fictional city of Grestin divided into Eastern and Western halves. The game really brings your morals into play. Should you let the woman with insufficient paperwork whose husband just entered into Arstotzka, or will that citation for letting her in cause you to not be able to feed your family? Should you help the rebellion with the risk of being caught, or remain loyal to your country? Overall, I give this game a 5/5, and would definitely recommend it."
76561197970509330,Recommended,239030,419020,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Blurfester,"I found this game to be quite fun and different. You have won a job lottery in a communist country. You are taken on as a border passport inspector. You must carefully screen people to admit them to your wonderful country, while keeping a roof over your head and keeping your family healthy and fed. Problems with passports being out of order and terrorism abound. Kind of like the movie The Lives of Others but with passports and border guards. An enjoyable little time waster."
76561198049081921,Recommended,239030,8473796,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MrPikPiks,This game is simply fantastic! Although it may seem boring at first. The story really draws you in and it makes for a great experience! :D
,Recommended,239030,8473958,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AlexPeterson09,I liked it but could tell it was going to get really stressful so I stopped playing :(
,Recommended,239030,8474129,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,mc schreibs,"Indie GOTY, in my opinion. One of the best games I have ever played. Simply chilling."
,Recommended,239030,7430427,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,...,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,8475814,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kaze,How in the hell does something that would seem infinitely boring in real life be so god damn addictive in a video game? It's like a bad drug addiction. You may feel♥♥♥♥♥♥afterwards but you want more all the time. Highly Recommended.
,Recommended,239030,8492980,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Big Pete,"The narrative and characters in this game, revealed through the daily struggles of a bureaucrat at a border checkpoint, are more interesting than most RPGs I've played in the past decade."
,Recommended,239030,8493786,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,necr0,"amazingly fun game, great concept"
,Recommended,239030,8494572,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Elliott,"Gave my commanding officer some incrimenting documents to take down a secret organisation and he arrested me, 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,8495283,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ZeroMP_,Miserable and tedious. 10/10
76561198028425548,Recommended,239030,8495665,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,crab ass,Super fun.
76561198041355675,Recommended,239030,8495702,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,spiveystrange,When I saw this game in the CG magazine Aug-Sept 2013 issue I thought that it sounded like an interesting concept. It is not my usual fare when it comes to games but it allows you to make so many choices without having to worry about being put into the category of good or bad. I have not even fully explored all of the possible endings to the story but already I have had to make decisions about who to let through and which bribes to take just so that my family can survive another day. I never knew that working at a border could be so interesting and yet challenging. Another plus is that it works on my finicky laptop.
,Recommended,239030,8495934,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,vizethann_,"Frustraiting, great story, challenging.Get this game."
76561198069396414,Recommended,239030,8496095,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,blackcat_detective,"A real life simulator that is rich in social commentary. The mundane task of stamping papers is something that most people wouldn't think of as fun, but through the constant introduction of balancing new mechanics with the previously introduced mechanics on a day-to-day basis is one that is highly addictive and sure to please gamers who enjoy attention to detail and problem solving."
,Recommended,239030,8496230,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,IAMA3DCAT,Who doesn't want to be an immigration official in a rural european country in the early 80s'?
,Recommended,239030,8484232,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FlexibleRodent,"This game is amazing. You are essentially the border customs and you turn people away or let them into your country. How could you not like this game? Later in the game you even get involved with a cult following, and if you hand the evidence of the cult to the investigators... They arrest you, take all of your money, and kill your family.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,8485174,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Aberrsary,"Quite simply, this game is one of the most impressive feats of storytelling I've ever seen. It does an amazing job of showing how even the most mundane and powerless positions in life can carry quite a pit of power, and provide an interesting filter of the great and complex world we live in. This view of the world is not a nice one, it's not a happy one, it's one where the honest man just barely manages to get by; it does however, make you think.The game itself is fairly straightforword, with a very steady learning curve and a surprising amount of variation. The game does a great job of using the tools it has available to give you new information and present new situations. At its core, this game should not be as entertaining as it is, but here we are~"
,Recommended,239030,7392907,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Fyren,"One of the best examples of great design and story telling through mechanics I have ever seen. Truly a top notch game, and I would consider it my personal Game of The Year for 2013."
,Recommended,239030,8487107,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Double - U,One of the most immersing games i have ever played.
,Recommended,239030,8487746,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Tokashe,Interesting and unusual
,Recommended,239030,8488754,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CharlesStover.com,"I picked it up for $5. It's not my type of game, but I'd say it's worth that. It is well put together. It's unique. It's hard as balls, at least for me as a beginner, but it tells you why you've screwed up so that you can prevent making the same mistake in the future. It plays towards your emotions -- humor, sadness, anger. The characters only interact with a few sentences, but they genuinely get across how they feel.If you can enjoy the trailers or gameplay footage, I'd say to pick it up. You can put many hours into it, I'm sure. It's not at the top of my gameplay list, but I definitely intend on going back to it to waste a lot of time."
,Recommended,239030,8488828,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Neon Sheep,"Thrilling and filled with suspense. Yet, horrifying and containing a stark reality carried by its low-fi aesthetic. Highly Recommended, but not for long play-sessions."
,Recommended,239030,8489106,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,lieumorrison,"I am thoroughly enjoying this game. The retro design, simplicity in interface yet complexity in fast memory game play, brings me back to my childhood playing on a friend's Comador 64. And perhaps even more compeling than all the time I played the Carmen Sandiego in the school library. (Though this would have been too grim to be acceptable as Edutainment.) And its only only 40Mb! Send this back in a time machine and Dukope would have been a maven in early PC gaming history. :D"
76561198018051860,Recommended,239030,8489140,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,A$AP An Honest Fella!,Checking passport simulator? More like good times and social-historical commentary am I right?
,Recommended,239030,8489879,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Admiral,"This game left me feeling like a scumbag, for doing my job."
76561198011661436,Recommended,239030,8478677,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[BEUN]ixion,"Amazing game, really gives a lot of fun for a low price."
,Recommended,239030,1989100,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,1978 Honda Civic,So good play it if you enjoy video games!
,Recommended,239030,8480743,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sl_eep/a*wake,This is how you make games Square-Enix.
76561197976381764,Recommended,239030,8481928,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Boess,Surprisingly fun to stamp documents with depressing Russian music on the background.
76561198093739448,Recommended,239030,8482269,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,thepowerofpixels,"This game is great so far. It can be pretty hard and confusing at times, but overall its a great game.The worst thing about this game, was when i launched it, put my headphones on, and the tones of pompous, loud millitary music, blasted into my hungover head. Overall a great game.All power to arzotska"
76561198042183203,Recommended,239030,8482982,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Atkobeau,Red tape and guilt trips - what more do you need in a game
,Recommended,239030,7396235,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,ChineseCowBaby,"Great game for sitting down and doing something in your spare time. No big storyline or strategy, just play at your own pace. I like it."
76561197966004547,Recommended,239030,8484596,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,POTUS,Never had so much fun doing administrative work.
76561198004325444,Recommended,239030,8805565,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Vega850,"It may be a bit simple and repetitive, but at the same time very addicting, who would of thought that being a border inspecter would be so fun."
,Recommended,239030,8808660,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Dr Fletchers,All Glory To Papers Please!!! Seriously this game is addictive as Meth.
,Recommended,239030,8167371,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,maxduck,"Papers, Please is a very fun game for in between. Even if it gets repetitive at times, the characters and the plot keepyou going. I really liked the different endings. I highly suggest Papers, Please to everyone."
,Recommended,239030,8813028,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Pouya,"This game is absolutely amazing, I can honestly say that its the BEST game i've played in a very long time. Since I purchased this game I havent switched on my PS4 once! This is what a game should be like, its not all about good graphics, its about how much fun the game is, and Papers Please DOES NOT dissapoint, in ANY way. Highly recommended to everyone."
,Recommended,239030,8813558,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Ⓑⓛⓐⓣⓐⓝⓣ Ⓗⓞⓜⓞⓢⓔⓧⓤⓐⓛ,"Check the videos on youtube- it's prettymuch just like that... which is to say completely unlike anything else. Review papers, quickly, to changing specifications, keep sad little family alive in dystopian country. Surprisingly charming."
,Recommended,239030,11397547,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Festival,I put this on my resume when I became a Customs Agent.Got the job10/10
,Recommended,239030,11399016,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,LogiBear,"If you are looking for a very fun game with an intersting concept, then you will find it in Papers, Please. (it's only $10 and worth it.)"
,Recommended,239030,11528385,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Altos Resolve,"What an incredibly unique way to create a story! As I play through, I discover different sub-plots leading to different outcomes in the game. The actual gameplay tests me in ways other games haven't in the past and I am very appreciative of this developer's effort to create a unique feel. While some may consider the game to be an endless mass of ""paperwork"" that's normally associated with getting your passports checked, if you take a little time and become immersed in this retro-feel game, it becomes much more and much deeper. I'm looking forward to sinking hours into this game!"
76561198059764700,Recommended,239030,11519136,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TheSpaceCheese,"play for Jorji Costava, he is best. Arstotzka so great, passport not required. Right?"
,Recommended,239030,11536874,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Savage,The power...oh the sweet power.
,Recommended,239030,11539470,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Shed,This game has no business being as addictively fun as it is.
,Recommended,239030,11539487,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Elly Honda (JP),"Papers, Please!Making you second-guess yourself since 0.1 seconds after installation."
76561198046325982,Recommended,239030,11541924,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,NeverForgetti,Great game! I highly recommend it!
76561198050666382,Recommended,239030,11514594,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dark K***ht,Art.
,Recommended,239030,9190565,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,White Knight,"its a great game, but you should make it so mods can be installed off the steam workshop"
76561198118982885,Recommended,239030,11524227,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,LouLouLouLouLou,"Great game and worthy of support! Not much replay value, but great for a few hours."
,Recommended,239030,11426185,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ONE__Soldier,"Buy this game. :)This game is really fun and entertaining. I have started a hilarious Lets Play series on it, check it out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oyM0Z1SxK4"
76561198094246903,Recommended,239030,11426560,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,enok713,It in is basic form its essentially a memory game. Fun little take on it but can get boring quick.
,Recommended,239030,11428349,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Darth,"Checking passports sounds like a boring concept, but the game is quite fun.  It ramps up the difficulty slowly, giving you time to get used to things, then introduces tough choices and interesting plot."
,Recommended,239030,11428551,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,mad0gre,"I never thought that a game that consisted entirely in a very bureaucatic task could be so engaging and fun.The oldschool pixelated graphics are very suitable to translate the bleakness of your work. As a government drone in a border checkpoint, overworked and underpaid, you will quickly find out that this game tells a story that goes well beyond simply allowing or denying people in the country.Glory to Arstotzka!9/10"
76561198108009023,Recommended,239030,11433291,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Lancer,"One of the most brutal games I've ever played, but well worth it. It's fun, brutal, and crazy. It also has an amazing artstyle reminscent of the early days of gaming. Simply put, one of the best games I've ever played. I would reccomend it to anyone in the mood for some good old checkpoint fun"
,Recommended,239030,11436103,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,jerry gourd,"Papers Please is a Paperwork-them-up.You are in a border control checkpoint. You check paperwork to see if the person can come through. after you do it, the person goes on to the second invisible checkpoint that makes sure you got it right or not.Mhm."
76561198012537820,Recommended,239030,11439920,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Big B0ss,"this game is harsh, but in a good way"
76561198040010285,Recommended,239030,11442248,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Bartcore,"lot's of fun, idk why :P"
,Recommended,239030,11444732,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Morinoko,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198125373367,Recommended,239030,11294705,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,awesomemaster125,I highly recomend this game due to the unique story in which you get to choose your own ending based on your actions in the game and its easy gameplay that gradually gets harder on each day.
,Recommended,239030,11294772,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Marcelucifer,"At the start people think this is not as good as the reviews say.But....BUY THIS GAME BECAUSE IT'S AWESOME.        9,5/10"
,Recommended,239030,11001350,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CrackMom14,"This game is a diffrent, exciting and a overall fun gaming expierence. If you are a person who likes replaying a game a lot, this a game for you. Their are very tough decisions you have to make and if done correctly or inncorrectly you can get a bad ending and fix it by going back to the previous day or the day you messed up, which is awesome. The gameplay adapts the events in the world with diffrent rules of entry or diffrent documents the foriengers or citzens need to have in order to get into the country. Also the endless mode adds a lot more too the game, with three diffrent game modes."
,Recommended,239030,11785774,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,OPGrizzly,I'm glad I played this... but now I'm depressed.
76561198093599394,Recommended,239030,11786764,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,The Trumpian,"A quaint and compelling tale which highlights the issues seen in modern immigration from the perspective of an often overlooked induvidual in an often overlooked position. Unique look, with enough going on to feel a fair challenge and not bore."
,Recommended,239030,11789645,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Player404,The most fun I've ever had validating people's paperwork.
76561198142964717,Recommended,239030,11789813,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,myfordmyway,"Cool game, i like how you can go back to any day and change your actions. Its very repetittive but dosent ever seem to get old.  I like the game and find it to be a refreshing throw back to nintendo graphics."
76561198028707582,Recommended,239030,11604302,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,AverageMastermind,"This game is not fun. It is a grueling, despair-inducing process. Day after day doing the same thing, interspersed with prayer that everything turns out alright. That being said, it is amazing. You just have to play it."
,Recommended,239030,11604691,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,meowpaw,"Hahaha that was funny.So many checking needed from time to time... But I am kinda bad at playing it though.Overall it is worth every penny.I find the concept kinda similar with a Gamejolt game named ""limps repair station"". Not sure if anyone play that before, but you can try on it before buying this. If you like that, I am assure that you will like this more. And here's more funny people and story."
,Recommended,239030,11604862,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BURGH BURHS,Who knew it would be fun to do paperwork?
76561197968883065,Recommended,239030,11604966,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SFMgrudge,Highly addictive. Seems so easy but the pressure to go fast means you will make mistakes. You will hate illegals for wasting your time while your family is dying waitng for you to bring home your meager wage.
76561198043766247,Recommended,239030,11605209,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,bigshowsteveo98,"worth every penny, Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,11605247,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,flyingpigs2_,"I incredbily enjoyed this game, probably one of the best 2d games I have ever gotten the privilage to play. The theme was original, the pixel art put into it was beautifully done, and best of all: the storyline. The storyline itself was in fact a branch game (A game based on your actions) so you as the player had partially gotten to sculpt the majority of the game. The game took place in a foreign country boarder checkpoint and you as the man who was chosen from a random draw to check passport information. After you would complete said storyline you would unlock ""endless mode"" which would enable you to play for as long as you desired. The game itself was challenging and required quite a bit of patience, however still was easy enough to be able finish. I strongly encourage playing it no matter what type of gamer you are."
,Recommended,239030,11605325,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zesty,You have been selected for a random strip search!
76561198057280287,Recommended,239030,11605574,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The3rdImpact,"It's 5 dollars,I can buy a mountain dew, and a Watchamacallit, with that money.I would trade those in a heartbeat for this game.A story where your choices matter, a game where you own skill affects the outcome, and gameplay that increases in difficulty, but never becomes frustrating, a replayable game with over 40 endings.10/10 Would play again"
,Recommended,239030,11605762,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,あたしキャッシ,"This game should be purchased by everyone if it's ever on sale. I'd argue for full price, paying full price is well worth it, but a lot of people might take a quick look and give it a pass. Those people, even people uninterested, should purchase this game simply to support indie devs who are trying something different and being successful. This is one of those games.Never have I thought that a rather simple looking passport checking game could turn out to have such a complex mood and story told simply through the world and minor interactions with npcs. AAA games tell less of a story with so much more, and no game I have played recently has managed to create such emotions with so little.For this reason alone this game should be purchased and played. The decisions you make will shape your game and the life of your family in the game. Will you give yourself to the glory that is Arstotzka?"
76561198037350960,Recommended,239030,11606167,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,lanham_e,Good game that is not about the gameplay or graphics but the haunting world of working for an oppressive government. A true experience in a dark and depressing world.
,Recommended,239030,11606273,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,(WCC) The Cynical Dutchmen,Papers please is a very uniqe game. It's totally up to you and you are the one who is in charge. Your choices make the game and i played it for a long time and i still enjoy it.
76561197965091222,Recommended,239030,201998,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,PawnSacrifice,This game is epic in its bleakness. Definite buy.
76561198027220146,Recommended,239030,11606873,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,badaze40,"9/10I love this game so much!The graphics are of lower quality but are made up in such wonderful story telling through the various characters and interactions you have with the main protoganoist. As Newton's Second Law states, every action has an equal and opposite reaction, and it is true of every decision you make in the game. Each decision is extremely valuable and there areso many different endings for you to strive for, it is almost endless hours of game play."
76561197992733562,Recommended,239030,8568749,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Raziel,"This is a shockingly good game. Shocking because in something so simple, you get great pathos and good comedy, and great mechanics. More than that, you get an uncanny sense of immersion into this poor guy's life, and a glimpse into all these other  lives. Weirdly lifelike lives. Unsettlingly meaningful, meaningless little lives. Bits of this game will likely haunt your dreams for a while.And then you find out that just one guy made this. I recently played Ryse Son of Rome, which was gloriously beautiful and all, but it was as shallow as a puddle in the Sahara compared to this, and that was a couple of hundred people working for years.There's some real talent at play here. You'll kick yourself eventually, if you don't at least taste test this game."
,Recommended,239030,8556563,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,På Folkemunne,Discover how corruptible you are!
76561197984644084,Recommended,239030,8559274,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sehkola,Beyond addictive. Fantastic little distraction.For Arstotzka!!
,Recommended,239030,8559716,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,vonsock,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,7916634,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Night_the_Spycrab,"I really liked this game. I give this game a 9 out of 10. I give Papers, Please this rating because it was very good but they shouldn't have the easy option. It should be a game where there is no difficulty, you just play."
76561198023628368,Recommended,239030,8561727,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Earth McFlat,"Nice way to play on the concept of choice. Fun, challenging and unique. I highly recommend it, even though it is a bit short."
76561198044133258,Recommended,239030,8548671,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Tanith,"I love this game.  Not only does it have some interesting mechanics, but you also have to decide on where your loyalties will lie and how moral you are going to be.  I look forward to future playthroughs, and seeing all the endings."
,Recommended,239030,8549982,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,xXGrampsXx420,Hail Arstotzka/10
76561198019285719,Recommended,239030,8454231,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rach Homie Quan,"Truly unique among games - Papers, Please appeals to your powers of perception, as well as personal ethics. I can scarcely mention anything that hasn't already been said in every other review. This game is about choices, the choice to protect yourself, your fellow man, your family. Are you a good worker, a good citizen, or a good person? Is the distinction relevant?This game is detail oriented, and the faster you learn the rules at the beginning of each work day, the faster you can decide what's more important- to do your job well and protect yourself (and by proxy, your family), or to help those who pass through your check point.My guess is, if you enjoy the gameplay enough, you'll want to play through a few different times and your ethics will become more malleable over time. It's thought provoking stuff, which is a hallmark of good art.Careful, this game is a time vortex."
76561197971185229,Recommended,239030,8456598,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Martiebum,Brilliant idea.
,Recommended,239030,8456667,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,spectf,"I was surprised by this game. I didn't think I would like it, but several reviews got me to try it. It's such a unique and interesting game with a style that's never been used before,  and a pretty good story. I found myslef invested in my character and caring about the decisions I was making. Not many games can make that happen. The replayability is built right into the game play too, which is a plus. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,239030,8457664,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Endoworks,This is a nice pleasent game that makes everyone happier... not. Ok that was lame but seriously this game is sad but super enjoyable. Not very complicated but a truely unique experience worth trying! Pick up on on a steam sale for extra added value.
,Recommended,239030,8457724,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RoxasVSAqua,"Great indie game, Fantasticly written with illustrative dialogue. Every choice you make matters.I would save some time to play it and it WILL get harder - day by day.. I would absolutely reccommend this to anyone who would like a game of higher standards and of deceptiveness - yes, you will need to think hard and mistakes are easy to make..However, this is a smart and fun game, you will need a bit of openmindness to fully appreciate the game and the style and the way it's done might not appeal to everyone"
76561198018977935,Recommended,239030,8458536,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fudzy,This is an enjoyable little game about controlling a communist border.  I learned about this game through TotalBiscuit on the YouTubes and fell in love immediately.  You need to pay attention to the details (it's easy to miss something) to keep your family from dying Oregon Trail style.
,Recommended,239030,8460070,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,blokia,"Awesome addictive, depressing game."
,Recommended,239030,7386268,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Smock,"Good things come in small packages. Papers please is simply amazing. On the one hand it's a pretty simple concept, but before you know it you've been playing 4 hours :) Heartily recommend this little package :)"
,Recommended,239030,8461059,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rescuetoaster,Loved this game! It only takes an hour or so to turn you from a squishy liberal in to a cold hearted bureaucrat. It looks amazing and the story keeps you engaged. Its the ultimate spot the difference game. Glory to Arstotzka!
76561197974645301,Recommended,239030,8505872,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pat-o,This game was created by the Illuminati. AVOID.
,Recommended,239030,8506885,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Berseker,"This game is a very powerful peace of art, on top of being a nice playful experience.Making one take awful choices without even questionning them, is a striking way to make us realize how evil can come out of ""normal"" people."
76561197984129086,Recommended,239030,8508941,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Incognito2me,"A great game, but for the love of god do NOT play it on a trackpad, your finger will be worn to a bloody stump. Oh you don't have your entry pass mr traveller? Let me drag across the screen to ask for it. Then you move your finger ready to deny entry as you have done so many times before. But wait, he had it all along! What a sly dog, he just forgot to show it to you. Hmm, seems in order, let me painstakingly drag my finger around to check his region is valid and document seals are authentic. Seems good, lets prime the approved stamp Wait a moment. This passport says he's a she! Lucky for me my fingers needed a workout, lets drag my finger up to the scan button. Ah well it seems he lied after all, his passport is a forgery! To the prisons with you while I cry at the endless line that has formed behind you."
76561198069746964,Recommended,239030,8587849,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pseudowoodo,"I love this game, its such a nice break from all the other somewhat ""cookie cutter games"" I've played. The art style and overall story are just incredible."
,Recommended,239030,8590486,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Liam_mtg,"This game is totally hard core.you work as a russian immigration officer at a border checkpoint.you have a wife and kids to support and pay your bills for your crappy apartmentyou get paid piece work for the amount of imigrants you process at the check point. you work a normal 8 hour day.you have to work fast to get as many people done as you can in a day to support your family.you have to be on the ball and analyse every detail on the documents handed to you by the immigrants.if you miss any vital discrepencies you get penalised and could possibly lose your job.sometimes you have to make a judgement call on whether to let someone though or stick to the rules in your book.sometimes you could be letting through a known criminal or terrorist and if you had picked up their name in the weeks paper you might not of had that incident where your work day was cut short by a bombing attack on the security guards and now you cant afford to by medicine for your sick son and he died the next day.or.. you could have the genes of a cop in you and quickly process the days immigrants  and deny those who dont stack up in a flash, earn a good days wage and start to lift your family out of poverty"
,Recommended,239030,8671415,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,fromtheinside15,"This game is a unique, one of a kind puzzle type game. You are a border guard for the communist contry of Arstotska. The game starts off with the most basic of patterns and gets more and more complex as you go. Also, I really enjoyed the old school feel to the game. Great indy game!"
,Recommended,239030,7713090,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Snack Vampire,"It's unique, interesting, and worth a look. There's nothing quite like it out there."
76561197962993132,Recommended,239030,8673388,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,M3RCI,A brilliantly simple game that challenges one to act as gate keeper to a totalitarian government. *****
,Recommended,239030,8674230,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,theTrav,"indie, dark, thought provoking, and an opportunity to be analy retentive about documents.Not a game I want to play many times (although there are multiple endings), but definitely a game I recommend playing at least once"
,Recommended,239030,8674382,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MooMooMang,Awesome
,Recommended,239030,8677204,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,The Phantom Painis,"Think back to your childhood, to the fables and fairy tales your parents or grandparents used to tell you, the ones that gripped and fascinated you.Now imagine that, years or even decades later, you come across a movie or a video game that takes you back to those stories. The world seems to be exactly as you had imagined those fairytale lands to be. For those moments, you are once again a child listening to your mother regale you with those tales that painted vivid pictures in your mind.""Papers, Please"" is that kind of game, except that instead of fairy tales, it's my mother's accounts of life under the Communist regime."
,Recommended,239030,8270111,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,vegard,"Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be one of those border checkpoint drones? Do you want to be just like them and have the ultimate power; the power to stamp or not to stamp? Of course you do.And now you finally can, thanks to indie developerLucas Popeand his gamePapers, Please.The game puts you in the shoes of a nameless citizen of Arstotzka, a fictitious, dystopian Eastern European cold war country. The October labor lottery is complete, your name was pulled and you're now a border inspector at the Grestin border checkpoint. It's your job to make sure that only people who are allowed access to the glorious nation of Arstotzka actually cross the border.Being a border inspector requires a lot of attention to detail, and the rulebook provided by the Ministry of Admission grows quite thick as the game progresses. Thankfully, Papers, Please does a good job of easing you into the rulebook. It starts out easy, with a simple passport and entry ticket check, but after a few days of in-game time your desk will be cluttered with documents on each arrival: Passport, identity supplement, entry permit, work permit, diplomatic papers, vaccination papers - you name it. And you have to pay attention to everything, miss a vaccination card discrepancy and the game might be over.But there's more to Papers, Please than just looking at papers in your border booth. Being a border inspector, you have the power over life and death. Should the Grestin citizen who will be killed if he returns to his home country be allowed access to Arstotzka even though he doesn't have the necessary papers? Or should the poor woman in front of you be allowed to reunite with her husband even though her entry ticket has expired? It's up to you to decide this, but keep in mind that the government is seeing everything you do. Break the rules, and you will receive a warning. Break too many rules, and you're the one who have to flee for your life. There's an intriguing story going on in the game, but I won't spoil anything for you.As for replayability, Papers, Please does not score too well. Yes, you could sit down and play to complete the game it in all the 20 possible ways you can, or you can play it in endless mode. But, not surprisingly, looking at papers eventuallydoesget a bit tedious. At $9.99, thought, the game still offers good value for your money. Personally, I clocked more than 8 hours of game play - over several sessions, I should add - before I'd had enough, and I might return to the Grestin border checkpoint should I feel the need to look vigorously at identity papers and work permits again.Papers, Please is a truly original idea that's brilliantly executed. And with the massive abundance of indie games these days - I doubt no one really knows the number of zombie games on Steam Greenlight, Kickstarter and indiegogo - Papers, Please is something truly unique. The game has created a lot of buzz in 2013, and Wired went as far as to crown it theirgame of the year. I'm not sure if I'd go as far as to call i game of the year, but Lucas Pope has created a great game and it will be interesting to see if he is able to follow up on the success of Papers, Please.Glory to Arstotzka.This review is also available onhttp://www.vegard.net/."
,Recommended,239030,8679316,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Odesseiron,Makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ so you don't turn into a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Perfect.
,Recommended,239030,6723713,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,MrBagel,An interesting and quirky puzzle game that tests your right judgement and attention to detail. Great!
,Recommended,239030,8952893,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,PDPhillips,There's something strangely addictive about stamping passports. I have never played a game like this before but I highly recommend it. If you feel like this seems like a very boring idea for a game - give it a chance. One of the most unique and enjoyable experiences I've had in a long time - in any medium.
,Recommended,239030,8957865,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Billy McChucks,"Addicting, Engaging, Nail-Biting, and just plain fun. It's cheap, and fun. Get it!!!!"
,Recommended,239030,8958245,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,A Republican,Glory to Arzotzka
,Recommended,239030,8851116,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Toasters,"Fun game, highly recommend buying this game"
,Recommended,239030,8851883,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Crooked Nixon,"Built around what is effectively a nice, satisfying ""spot-the-difference"" mini-game, this game shines in it's characters. In the bleak, gray, oppressive state the game takes place in, it's your family and the friends and allies that get you through your day, and the game makes you care about these characters, but with a very minimalist approach to doing so."
,Recommended,239030,8855260,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Scrub Miggle™,"Strangely, this is the most serious game I've played.No, you are not some big-time war hero.No, you do not mow down millitary and civilians alike.No, you do not do any sort of millitary feat whatsoever.I guess you could say it's DEAD SERIOUS as you have to get as many people who have the right documents through to get max pay so you can provide food and heating for your family who can die. The joke I made earlier was really clever foreshadowing.So, why would your family need heating? Well... you aren't in america, you're in fact in Soviet Russia! (Otherwise known as Arstotzka) You're in the west side of the USSR, and it's november in the WW2 era. So what should you do?BUY THE GAME"
,Recommended,239030,8855892,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nik,"Truly one of the most orginal and thought-provoking games of the year! After a few hours of playing, you'll be transformed into a corrupt and heartless beaurocrat, which leads one to wonder about how such political and social systems transform the people inside of them. ""Papers, Please!"" is charming, satirical, and above all fun. Recommend playing with a friend for maximum efficiency and enjoyment."
76561198115550467,Recommended,239030,8855932,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,HeavyGunner2506,"Lots of Fun, Unique Game. Worth the Price Tag."
,Recommended,239030,8864333,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,abnrib,Surprisingly absorbing. Intriguing story arcs and challenging decision-making make this game highly entertaining.
,Recommended,239030,8339331,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bert0,Absolutely phenomenal. This game actually makes you think and trying to get all the endings is endless fun.
,Recommended,239030,8339360,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Naicisum,"Intresting llittle game, simplistic game, but does an excelent job of making you pay attention to details."
76561198023023895,Recommended,239030,8339439,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,GaMBiT,"Who knew how much tense checking passports can be?The moral dilemas in this game are phenomenal. You constantly weigh how good you want to inspect the current passenger's certifications against how many passports will you check before the time runs out (because each checked passport gives you money, and your son is sick and needs medicine, and the rent just went up, and your wife is almost dead starving..).Plus, even though quite minimalistic, the art direction in this game is spot on to convey the grimm reality of a 1980 european state of decay. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,239030,8339778,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,thrilllvr,"Papers Please is the best game I have ever played. Many choose your own story games just tell you what your choices are, however Papers Please manages to let you choose your own adventure, without you even knowing that you could. You make a choice everytime you accept or deny any person. But there are moments where someone wants you to do something that opposes what you're suppose to do, and you are left with a choice: accept the person and face the penalty, or deny that person and face the consequences.This game is amazingly bland! Many people are critisizing it because of how repetitive and bland this is... that's the point. This game makes you feel bored with the tasks you are doing, but you are still having fun and enjoying the game. Each person that passes through your booth has a different story, most of the time you don't hear that story, but when you do, you feel for the character and you want to accept them, but they don't have the right paperwork... and that is where the choices come in.Papers Please is a great game that everyone should at least try.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,8341117,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jake Shapiro,My 2013 game of the year by far.
,Recommended,239030,8341868,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ShmebulockVR,FOR ARSTOTZKA!!
76561197999726596,Recommended,239030,8312842,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Captain Gayhab,"From the slow-burning way the gameplay is structured to the drab colors of the artwork, every piece of this game works to firmly plant you in the aesthetic of the dystopian world of Arstotzka. It is rare to find a game that can elicit so many emotions."
,Recommended,239030,8343312,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,IwoJim,Is to the Cold War era Soviet Bloc what Oregon Trail was for the Manifest Destiny expansion.
76561198072094961,Recommended,239030,8338534,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DeadLee,Thought the reviews were trolling to just get me to waste money to buy this game. But after playing a couple hours it gets really in-depth with the decisions you have to make on whether or not to let someone through. Tons of satire with memorial characters makes this game really funny at times. If this game was on flash sale will definitely make some more copies so my friends can play too.
76561198075106705,Recommended,239030,8687409,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Keroro,"Papers, Please. An inetersting concept. You play the role of a man working an immigrant checkpoint. It's your duty to allow people who have all correct documentations through said checkpoint. It's alos your duty to deny those with contradictions in said documents. Or those missing documents. Or those with contraband and weapons. It's also your duty to stare at pictures of naked people who look like men, who turn out to be women to check their passport's aunthenticity. It's hard running a check point station."
,Recommended,239030,8687831,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dr_Flapjacks,"It sounds boring, but i promise it's super fun and super challenging."
,Recommended,239030,5317876,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Sinister Minister,its a great game but it gets really hard
76561197994887206,Recommended,239030,8688605,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SatisfyingSigh,"Oh man, it's wierd that I like this game so much. It takes some real talent to make a game about one of the most boring jobs ever into a fun and compelling game.  It's also very stressful at times due to the intensity of whatever situation you may be in or are forced into. The story and multiple endings are fantastic, and the characters are interesting and complex. Very well made game and I recommend it to anyone who likes story based games."
,Recommended,239030,8689107,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,superheroWADE,"GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!Papers, Please is the quite an enthralling and unique experience. I honestly cannot compare this game to any other as it stands on its own as being a political puzzle game that turns the mundane into something fun. This game has a certain sense of humor about it while also being dark and sad. The story is shaped by the choices you make and how well you play the game.In terms of the gameplay I wil admit that the game does not hold your hand at all. I had to find out some things on my own or rather stumble upon them. It will do you good to watch some lets play videos before starting to get a feel for what it is you have to do. The game can be hard and frustrating at times but you will get the hang of it. If you're into dark humor, thinking on your feet, making choices, finding clues, and well politics in general then Papers, Please is the game for you.P.S The music and graphics are great as well!"
76561198024076725,Recommended,239030,3518008,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,m_elders,"The gameplay of Papers, Please is fun by itself: frantically checking the validity of documents and stamping Accepted or Denied.  But all the while there are moral choices to think about.  ""If I detain this person, they will suffer, but the guard will make money so he can feed his kids, and he will give me money in return so I can buy medicine.  Hmm.... How guilty do they seem?"""
,Recommended,239030,8690314,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Willy A. Jeep,"Papers, Please.A small game set in the fictional Eastern Bloc country of Arstotzka at the end of 1982. You play as ""The Inspector,"" an immigration officer charged with running the East Grestin Border Checkpoint on the Arstotzkan border with Kolechia, a neighboring nation that was recently at war with Arstotzka. You must check immigrants' papers for discrepencies like incorrect seals, missing papers, wrong issuing cities, and even one case of a hand-made passport. The setting is dreary, the mood bleak and monotonous, and the gameplay a whole heck of a lot of fun.Papers, Please is not an average game, as evidenced by the rave reviews found across the gaming media. It's not a shooter, like Halo or Counter Strike. It's not an RPG, like Skyrim or Fallout. It's really not a normal simulation, as it has hardly any comparable mechanics to most sims.Then again, it has elements of all of these. There are scenes of gun and explosive violence, the strain of having to keep your family alive and safe, moral dilemmas when an immigrant is missing papers but gives a touching story, and - of course - the constant clicking and scanning of documents while doing your duty as Arstotzkan Immigration officer.Personally, I would recommend this game more than once if I could here. Papers, Please isn't for everyone, especially those who rather action-packed games with little thought. However, considering how story has developed in video games over the past forty years, I think these people are growing thinner in numbers.But, yes. I recommend Papers, Please. In all of it's insane, heart-thumping, emotion wrenching glory. And if you can't afford the full game, Lucas Pope has the original beta available fromdukope.com.Glory To Arstotzka!"
76561198121679723,Recommended,239030,8691175,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,m_k_aljabri,it's really good game
,Recommended,239030,8693427,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,GRIMDARK,"Strangely captivating, very good game."
,Recommended,239030,7299622,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,MiniK,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,8841738,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tylle,"When you just look at the gameplay it looks really boring, but trust me it was one of the most immersive game I played in 2013"
,Recommended,239030,1266389,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,MajorKoenig,glory to arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,5532610,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,T.w² | Dkmstr ^TangoServers.net,"Very Fun, and takes quite a bit of skill to pick out the cheats :) Definitely a game to buy :D"
76561198018773362,Recommended,239030,11986845,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,mr_blonde,"If you have OCD and like matching random strings of letters and numbers, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,239030,7094938,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,トランズ げんじ,I bought it on the word of a friend and it's turned out to be fantastic. Managed to make a really dark matter  lighter and really engaging. Best part is it never really gets preachy.
76561198123297981,Recommended,239030,11957302,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,TheAussieBlue,"""First, you say 'where are your papers?' If it goes further than that, it's too late to be saying anything at all...""Welcome to Paper's Please, a game about being a low level beaurucrat whose job is to make sure that people who enter your country have legitimate papers, are not criminals, and are not smuggling contraband.Working at your post pays poorly, and you are overworked by an uncaring, faceless government, but you need the money. Your family is at home, and you provide for all of them. If you don't make enough money, they will starve, grow sick, or simply be forced to scavenge for whatever they can because you have been taken to prison because of your debts.Of course, if that's not enough, there are terrorists who want to tear down your government, and they think that you might be perfect for a new position that just opened up...Papers Please takes the form of a simple eight bit game where the screen is split into three parts. The top part shows you your workplace, and everything that's going on around you, from the massive line trying to get in, to the armed, poorly trained guards there to keep order and shoot anyone who breaks rules. The left side shows the person trying to get in, and a small desk where all documents are placed, and the right side is your workspace, where you drag documents to and check them against a list of rules that is prone to politics, random changes  to fit world events, and other problems.Not only, however, must you keep these rules in mind, but corruption is the game of the day, and between trying to make more money in not entirely honest ways, to having to bow down to a corrupt superior, life is hard. And your job keeps getting harder.You only have twelve minutes per level to process as many applicants as possible, and they have a lot of paper work for you. You only get paid for who gets in, however, so be careful not to send too many away. Of course, you can choose to activate an easy mode that sees you get 20 dollars a day regardless of performance, but that's not enough to cover everything.Ultimately, this is a surpisingly tense game that is more about atmospshere than action, a game that asks hard things of you, and makes you question the rules. How far will you go to feed your family, and how much will you do to help others in a world where there are penalties for doing so?That's up to you, I suppose."
76561197981482840,Recommended,239030,901263,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Karmi,Who knew sorting documents could be so fun!!
76561198104690159,Recommended,239030,11913045,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,CandelaZ,Woman weighs more than what's stated on her ID Card.Me: So when are you expecting?Woman: I'm not.10/10
76561198020895889,Recommended,239030,11954693,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,neckofleather,"Ever wanted to be a Customs Agent?  Ever wanted to live in Soviet Russia in the early 80's?  Then this simple, smart, and intuitive game is for you.  The designers did an excellent job for an indy game on this one.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,239030,30485914,Posted: 12 March,all,Stig,Probably influence the electionExcellent story.8.1/10
,Recommended,239030,12081555,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ﮎilvia Ҳ,"Remember that rude a*s at immigration when you just landed after a 13 hour flight? Yes? Well, now you can be the same rude a*s."
76561198046610644,Recommended,239030,12084560,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Tendopolis,I can Finally live my dream of being a paper pusher in a low income sweat shop. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,12085769,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,/Peterbix\ >:D!,Arstotzka welcomes you!
,Recommended,239030,12086027,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,White Kobra,"Amazing in-depth game, but extremely depressing! (In a good way.)"
,Recommended,239030,5066517,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,hi11i3r,"Originally thought it seemed like a bit of a giggle, 4 hours later I was grinning from ear to ear because my neice went missing because I didn't earn enough. Next time I'll deny my mother-in-law her medicine. A truly deep political satire.Just one more turn...."
76561197973432491,Recommended,239030,12067008,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Serpico_One,"94/100. When ""simple"" means great.Pro:- Addictive gameplay.- Learning curve not straight as it may appear at a first look.- Great atmosphere sustained only by short dialogues and a few lines of text.- Always running out of time (or this is a cons?).Cons:- I've already played it.Recommended to everyone who are not scared from (a great) C64 graphic style and looks for something different from the average AAA title."
,Recommended,239030,12068441,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ExO,"GLORY TO ASTROVSKA!But seriously, I got this game because a friend was playing it. I started playing it and the low quality of it got to me, but I stuck it out then I ended up getting really into it. I ended up finally finding out that there are multiple endings which was cool.Lets delve into this a little more.I started playing it, and all I was worried about was feeding my family and keeping them warm. Then some анти правительство группа started talking to me; and I ended up helping им из. The paid me well, I got citations for doing неправильное вещь but still, for the good of ezio я сделал это. After a while, the game got to меня. And now I cant stop speaking России. Its terrible because все, что я хочу сделать, это получить работу в охране границы сейчас . Но это хорошо в пути , потому что я теперь могу говорить свободно России .Слава родине!"
,Recommended,239030,10618424,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,xXxXx 360 w o k e b o y e xXxXx,"The overall gameplay is good, but it can get slow and boring. There are plenty of challenges to overcome even though it is a simple game. There is a learning curve, but I would recommend this game for everyone to try out.Glory to Arstotska."
,Recommended,239030,12092636,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,perautomatik,"Simply amazing! Very clever game design, simple yet complex with a story that changes depending on your choices. A MUST PLAY for all gamers out there!"
,Recommended,239030,9620481,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,cr8ivecodesmith,"Papers, Please is for the detail oriented. Gameplay is superb and engaging. Graphics is simple yet very effective as it plays very well with the gameplay. Definitely worth the price tag even without the discount. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,239030,9627308,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Someguy12121,A very unique game that shows the difficulty of border check points. The art style of the game is perfect. It really lends itself to the cold war era.
,Recommended,239030,9629364,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Grundledorf,This game is much more addicting then it looks. It is an interesting game that makes working at a border checkpoint fun.
,Recommended,239030,9598059,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,mylo9000,At first this didn't seem like it would be much fun. I must say I'm pleasantly surprised. Its simple yet can be a challange. really makes you think at times. Especially when something goes wrong but the paperwork was in order. Great casual game. Worth picking up when on sale.
76561197968401340,Recommended,239030,9630981,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Icepick Trotksy [666],i encourage all aspiring TSA agents to play through this. invaluable training material.
,Recommended,239030,9631404,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,funkisockmunki,AWESOME.
76561198073844467,Recommended,239030,9367631,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,jello_pudding,10/10this shouldent be this fun in real life
76561198125020643,Recommended,239030,9377577,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Gamer_445,The game is good I can tell you that much it may not look great but trust me its great experince and a challenging game. Recommend it. 8/10
,Recommended,239030,9378867,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Buce,glory 2 ikea20/10
76561197968029414,Recommended,239030,9379779,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,pcsinclair72,"I quite enjoyed this games, especially the retro feel. It captures the feel of the games I use to play as a kid. However, the biggest problem with this game was the mushy thing on the keyboard and mouse. I didn't have the brain capcity or patience to keep up and kept getting kicked out of my home... :)"
,Recommended,239030,10082306,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Murble,"Very intricate memory game. Allows you to test your memory, while also pressuring you to process as many people as possible to make as much money as possible to support your family. Loved this game for the time I played it."
,Recommended,239030,10084145,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Miguel Rossington,Best dystopian border guard sim I've ever played. Stamping documents has never been so fun. Glory to Arstotzka.
76561198067155590,Recommended,239030,9965839,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,JokerJon00,"A very enjoyable, indie game like no other. Entertaining, challenging and it has a lot of replay value for it has 20 different endings.9/10"
76561197977961145,Recommended,239030,21368202,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,I Got The Meat Sweats,"I started playing Papers Please for the third time and I am still impressed about how well it is put together.  The graphics are only on par with NES but they take advantage of the lack of polish to make a very bleak and oppressve world.On one hand the game feels like working a day job (complete with an unhappy boss if you screw something up), but I like this becuase it forces you to pay more attention to what you are doing.  You have to read and understand everything going on in the world or you might slip up, and the more mistakes you have against you the less money you make.That's another thing - you really get the feeling that you are struggling to make ends meet, and you feel it at the end of every day.  It motivates you to want to do better so you can keep food on the table and heat your home.  I'm sure it sounds like a cliche to everyone who had working parents, but the game really drives home how important it is and how difficult it can be to live day to day.The story is very compelling too.  The interesting events are notable but at the same time understated compared to most games.  Everything just feels like another day even though every one of your actions have definite consequences.Excellent game, I'm sure I will be playing this for years to come."
,Recommended,239030,21280315,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Photon Nugget {SFM},Say cheese 5 timesClap your hands 3 timesDon't talk until you post this on another game.You will sneeze
76561198032713926,Recommended,239030,21328365,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jasonsoleil,"I started off not knowing what to doI moved much too slow and made a great many mistakesI could not afford heating for my house or food for my familyMy family all became very illOne by one they diedEventualy it was just me and my wifeA strange man gave me two pieces of paperHe told me to let his agent throughI found the papers had a code in themI found his agent and let him through without inspectionTwo days later, the man gives me a big checkI move to a nicer apartmentMy wife and I are warm and healthyThe ministry of income takes all our savingsThey are suspicious of where the check came fromFive days later my wife and I are detainedWe will stay in prison until the check is investigatedNo one will ever investigate the checkMy wife dies in prisonI die alone in a small windowles cellGlory to Arstotzka10/10, would die depressingly again"
,Recommended,239030,21383199,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Red,"Papers, Please everybodyPros:- Game has a quick, simple style. I use that loosely.- Challenges your reasoning and ability to apply knowledge with inspection.- Represents the 80's in a dystopian fashion. Controversial, and pleasing.- Character that make me assume their Russian and literally use my psuedo Russian accent to mock them. I laughed more than I probably should've.- A lot of the characters in the game make you really decide whether to do your job or say ♥♥♥♥all and let them through, like a spineless rabbit.- Quick, simple, and fun.- Terrorist attacks.Cons:- You can ♥♥♥♥ up if you're not careful.- Your family depends on you. Don't be a stingy ♥♥♥♥wad.- Anonymous wanted to take down Artstotzka- Have fun making people die by your hand, either directly or indirectly.Verdict: A great game, and that's simply put."
,Recommended,239030,21421287,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Xaerin,Somehow more than the monotony of a government job. Potentially harrowing experience. Well worth living through at least once!
,Recommended,239030,21410618,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mckinley D. CIV-93,"Get $5 fine for letting jorji in, forget to look at weight and get put in jail.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,7332375,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,ATF_Aoshi Stark //,"~~ This boy's born to be a bureaucrat, born to be all obsesive and snotty! He made is friends and relations file long applications to get into his fifth birthday party! ~~"
,Recommended,239030,8901638,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"I didn't know what to expect when I started Papers, Please.  It's a game that's hard to describe without making it sound boring.  However, they managed to make something quite interested and enjoyable out of such a simple concept.Playtime: 4.5 hrs8/10"
,Recommended,239030,8902265,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Extremely Agile Glass of Water,"Strange idea. Great execution. I was also very, VERY confused at the thought of the game, but after I played it, all I can say is GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA! (pronounced Ars-tot-zka.... I think)"
,Recommended,239030,6254226,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Cool_Roxas,"Addictive! Papers, please offers a very different kind of game, unlike any I've ever played before. I've been hooked since beta. You want to know what kind of person you really are? Then play this game."
76561198025280504,Recommended,239030,8884632,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Jeremy,"This is an awesome game. It takes remedial rediculous tasks given to you in a desperate job and situation and makes the entire thing very fun, tense, politically charged, shocking, and surprising. Definitely find time to check this out."
76561198074866190,Recommended,239030,8884688,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tall Morty,Voted by many publications as GOTY 2013 for many good reasons.Replay value high.Storyline is solid and has an Endless Mode to boot.
,Recommended,239030,8885669,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,rotten4potatoes,"It's very intersting game, attention to detail is mandatory in order to get a good paycheck for your family. Kind of reminds me of ""The Oregen Trail"" minus the Oragen... or the trail... or the dysentary all you have left is the ""The"". but your family does get sick from time to time so by medicine."
,Recommended,239030,8887769,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dwarf,Was highly enjoyable and probably my favorite Indie Game of 2013. It's a very simplistic game that is able to convey so much with very little mechanics and choice involved.
,Recommended,239030,8889953,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Spenz Lengz,"I don't know how this game works, it has me happily completing tedious tasks that no one would enjoy in real life... It's brilliant."
76561198027171160,Recommended,239030,8891141,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,TheMashaPit,"terrorists attacks, estranged lovers and shady passports. What more could you want?"
76561198088643638,Recommended,239030,8814396,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Triple,"I consider this game to be really fun and interesting at times. You play as a person who got a passport checking job from the Country's ""October Labor Lottery,"" and your job is to check immigrant passports on their way into your country of Arstortzka. It is a fun game with fun puzzle solving parts."
,Recommended,239030,8815744,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Korean Hipster Chick Magnet,The first thing i must say is that this i an amazing game.  But... there will be times when you are scanning a girl and it ends up being a guy...  this can get quite distubing at times. so if you are a 13 or younger you will probubly get a boner.  If you are a imature little prick you should not play this game.
,Recommended,239030,8944795,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Trader Man Civilian,"This game is good times all around fun! If your looking for somthing new, look no further. Buy, install, and have fun! -Glory to Arstotska."
76561198021358923,Recommended,239030,9068540,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Great Cabbage Thief,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,9069361,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pratusion,"At first glance I couldn't see how people would play a game this often or for as long as they do.  I found out quickly that it is addictive.  I eventually turned the game off at 2:30am, well worth the buy you do get addicted quickly trying to save your family, upgrade your things and keep out the terrorists!"
76561198041094626,Recommended,239030,9069885,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,wanderingforever,ALL GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198041695724,Recommended,239030,9070384,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DeepThought,"much like ftl you can pick this up play a round win or lose put it down and come back for a fresh fun experience the next time. what youve always wanted those ""what doesnt belong"" in a highlights magazine to be."
76561198007568564,Recommended,239030,9071270,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,roofTip,Papers were never this fun!
,Recommended,239030,7226926,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Cpt.Akuma of 501st legion,awesome game with a lot of endings
76561198056145089,Recommended,239030,9107275,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,cheshire_mouse,"I couldn;t imagine, that someone would create one of  the most interesting and exciting games out of one the most boring jobs. It's brilliant!"
,Recommended,239030,9109320,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,LordAtheo,"Has the best graphics i have ever seen, its like im there!"
76561198004890668,Recommended,239030,2268989,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Jorji Costava,JORJJI
76561198014900142,Recommended,239030,9109974,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,techman,"At first it seems like a paperwork simulator with retro art style, but once you get the hang of basic bureaucracy and manage to somehow earn  enough money to live past the first couple weeks, the game changes totally. The paperwork you need to do among other tasks increases exponentially, while you get bombarded with terrorist, conspiracies, corruption, terrible human faiths, blatant trolling and good old soviet rifle barrel in your mouth. You'll begin to live as a part of a political satire about cold war era east block. The player is driven to a paranoid husk of a person trying balance between his family's survival and turning into cold heartless machine.This is not a game about paperwork, it's a sosiological experiment about how much can a person take before caving in under the pressure from the system."
76561197995493738,Recommended,239030,9110745,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DeDaas,"You have to check the travel papers for everyone wanting to pass the border.. what fun could that be?? Well , try it.. you're not in it for the graphics, but you might find this game worthwhile.. Not worth more than a couple of euros maybe but trying to get as many travelers through before the end of the day can (in a certain mood) be satisfying and even addictive.So yes, I would recommend although the price is a big factor here.PS. A big thing to take from several experiences on the internet: 'try the judge the experience on story, rather than just the game machanics'. Personally that would never work for me, but I guess the story is a big thing here when the rest of the game is so simple.. here's my pro-tip: try to look at it like sollitaire or minesweeper on steroids, and you actually have a pretty powerful game here."
,Recommended,239030,7452001,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Tyuki,"This game will surprise and intrigue you in many different ways. There isn't really a game like this one. If you are into turn-based (in this case, day-based) RPG strategy then you should definitely look into Papers, Please. The actual gameplay consists of nothing more but scrutinizing and clicking, but against time and moral constraints you are pressured as a player to make hard choices whether to follow the rules or allow life-altering exceptions, and live the consequences.Far from mind-numbing, Papers, Please requires sharp attention to detail, good memory and organized, quick-thinking. If you are naturally detail-oriented, a bit of a perfectionist, then you'd really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,239030,9111752,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Abolla,"It's crazy to think I've played this so much compared to other games in a similar category, it's just absolutely captivating. This game is almost pure genius, and has even spread into my daily life. My job as a vegetable salesman has improved having played this game. When people sign up for the vegetable boxes to be delivered my paper handling skills have improved immensely. I am thorough, concise, to the point, and I get all of the information necessary, whilst before I was self conscious, unsure, scatterbrained, and a deliquent when getting the forms signed. I also enjoy it more, as I'm much better than I was.This game will also question the integrity of your morals by introducing you to situations you probably have never had to endure before. Your true character is tested as you have to weigh up the consequences of your actions with either your family or the people you encounter. Truly brilliant.I must admit though that this game does not beckon a replay, even though I have tried. Playing it once through is certainly enough, but it would have been good to have more to look forward to with this game than just the one storyline - even though there are about 20 endings, I am not too bothered about finding out what they are all like."
76561198003793020,Recommended,239030,9111800,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Crimson,"I honstly can't tell you why I loved this game so much. I'm genuinely confused at why it's so amazing, but it is."
76561198020161844,Recommended,239030,9122402,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,G2-9T,"An intresting game, turns a normally boring job into a fast-paced race to get as many people in as possible, as well as dealing with the occasional terrorist attack."
76561198047845298,Recommended,239030,9122602,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dingus,A great game to play if you are just really bored.
,Recommended,239030,9122914,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,▲Zebra J▲,AWSOME
76561198046884531,Recommended,239030,9124120,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SinOfPhish,"Hey, haters gonna hate...but this game is a must play! Get it, play it, detain people, pop fence jumpers in the head, feed your family (if ya care that much), and experience a superly duperly immersive game!!!"
76561198043901521,Recommended,239030,9124831,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Keyser Soze,"Its hard to explain why Papers, Please is so addicting. Its a fairly simple concept. You work at a border checkpoint, and each day. person after person, you ask each one for their passports/ID/Visa, make sure the information is correct on the documents, and then either accept or deny them entry into the country. There is just something about this game that is just so addicting and keep you coming back for more. It has a great price also. Recommend."
,Recommended,239030,13170751,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,𝕾𝖆𝖙𝖆𝖓,"This game is... distressing. You never do well enough and your family not getting sick, being hunry or dying actually is an achievement. As a piece of art, it works. I do like it, but I don't enjoy playing it. I suppose they achieved exactly what they wanted."
,Recommended,239030,13023763,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sour Cream,"Scanned a man claiming he was a female, he was. Replay value=7/10"
76561198073101970,Recommended,239030,13024053,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kingcrazyt,This game does a great job of making you feel like your in the worst job ever. I was working over the summer when I started playing this and I every time I played  my job seemed ten times better in comparison. It gave such a strong feeling of dread that I don't get in other games I play and I loved it. The only thing that I believe could be added is the ability to see you're family at the end of each day; this would've to me add more the overall feeling of despair that the game gives.
,Recommended,239030,13172898,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dumac,"This game had me completely engrossed for a couple of days. An interesting and unique experience for a fair price, I'd recommend Papers, Please to anybody interested in trying something new."
76561198097571823,Recommended,239030,13173669,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Luc,"In Communist Arstotzka, game play you!"
,Recommended,239030,13174135,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,EduKobaiashi,"Jogo Muito Bom, Você Simplemente Resolve Se a Pessoa Entra ou Não no País e se Fizer Coisa Errada Vix..."
76561197972301209,Recommended,239030,13174539,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Xrpto,"I really loved this game, it's funny how gripping doing clerical work can become with the proper context."
,Recommended,239030,13174817,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kafka,"A grim tale of a border checkpoint officer that has to do what he needs to survive. Your family, morally grey choices, and your gut impacts the choices you can make in this game. A masterpiece that deserves a place in every Steam user's library."
,Recommended,239030,10737761,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gellygames,"I was really surprised by this game, it is really, really fun and enjoyable.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198034117551,Recommended,239030,13175097,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Alpheus,"The graphics is initially off-putting, but when you actually play the game the graphics is really not relevant to the overall game experience.The game is interesting in the decisions you have to make, for every decision comes consequences.Definitely worth a play!"
,Recommended,239030,13175283,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Billy Mays,Jorji If I see you in my immigration check-point one more gorram time....
,Recommended,239030,13175296,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Absolutego,Strangely fun and addictive.Highly recommend.
76561197970656751,Recommended,239030,13175663,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Le_kAmiKaZe,"Cool little game. Despite what would seem like a recipe for disaster in terms of game (terrible graphics, repetitive custom job), you really get hooked into it fast and the atmsophere really makes you feel like youre a new custom agent in the eastern block during the cold war. I wouldnt recommend to pay full price (10-11$), but if you can get this for 5$ or less its a no brainer and you wont be dispointed!"
,Recommended,239030,13175761,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Draeth,"I had no idea what to expect when I bought this (got it on sale for unde $3).... Wow this game is hard. First time around, I got arrested for going into debt. Next time around, I got the hang of things and managed my money better, got decently far then got arrested again for ""conspiring with a group causing trouble"", even though I handed over documents that were given to me from said group and burned their bribe.....10/10. Best $3 spent."
,Recommended,239030,13176177,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fish,"You've never played anything like this, but you need to. Now."
,Recommended,239030,13177030,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Gameboydude,Da.10/10
76561198082075951,Recommended,239030,13177289,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dimmu Herra,"Excellent, award-winning game. I can't believe I'm reading 1984 right now and still handed over documents to the Ministry of Information...dumb."
,Recommended,239030,13091058,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MystyFaust,"The government has informed me that I love this game. I comply. Glory to this game, and glory to Arzstoshka."
,Recommended,239030,13092438,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MNGwinn,"Absolutely amazing. A solid game mechanically, with some really thought provoking narrative. Buy it. Play it."
76561198041239133,Recommended,239030,13131842,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,chino2468,"Utterly amazing game - simple graphics, simple concept, and really engaging!"
,Recommended,239030,8792736,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Florida Man,"Please believe the hype. First time in a long time I've looked up from a game to realize I've been playing for 3 hours straight. Replay value does fall off after the first playthrough as you start cherrypicking to get achievements, but the first time through is amazing if you can be disciplined and not read any guides or spoilers."
,Recommended,239030,8866671,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Zedness,"Every dysopian lovers dream, the chance to effect the world through being an immigration officer to a powerful country that took annexed another country. Additionally, you are a poor fellow, the government has shined on you... Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561197978024377,Recommended,239030,8868362,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,shaseki,WARNING!!! Very addictive game ... and I hate doing paperwork!!!
,Recommended,239030,8869346,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Fred Furner,you pay money to work how stupid is that
76561197970538341,Recommended,239030,8917294,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Cholera,"Who would have thought that ""Dystopian Document Thriller"" could be an absolutley apt description for a game that is this fun.  Papers, Please is an example of perfect execution of a video game idea.  Bravo."
,Recommended,239030,8918260,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Destructerator,"Yep, I'm hooked."
,Recommended,239030,8918623,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,The Darkest of Lords,"Simply a must-play. Addicting gameplay, hilarious well-written dialog, and a game that sticks with you philosophically. Great all around."
,Recommended,239030,8727242,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ThatWog,"Fantasic game it defenitely captures the real world seriousness of a job that if you make a mistake you may it is a big deal it has so many amazing features look out for the small stuff, my game of the year and i am a prodominately playstation 3 and 4 gamer. It did go unoticed because it was a different type of game and it is a PC game but  for only 10 bucks if you haven't picked it up already you should."
,Recommended,239030,8923564,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Jack ass Jimmy,"Really adictive and time wasting, however it's a great game."
76561198007901692,Recommended,239030,9032617,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Liamarii,It's really fun and I only just finished the main story at 17.3 hours.
76561198035285540,Recommended,239030,9036919,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BLANK,
76561198061645628,Recommended,239030,9025825,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Choach,realy funnn
,Recommended,239030,3273340,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Monotonous Lark,One of the most entertaining indie games out there! You should really check this one out!
76561198027686695,Recommended,239030,8909464,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Samperior,"In soviet Arstotzka, the game plays you!Explaining the premise of this game really doesn't make you want to buy it: Who would really think that playing a game where you work at a Soviet nation's border station would be challenging, addictive as well as humorous and immersive? Add the fact that this game has the graphics of an early 90's game and it's surprising that anyone has even bought this game. It really is something I've never seen before, even the genre is somewhat hard to describe: It's a ""real time puzzle"" game combined with roleplaying elements.The core gameplay consists of checking people's passports and ID's and other various documents before you make the decision of giving entry or turning people away. It is really challenging and fun. And by challenging I mean ""makes you want to rip your hair out if you haven't lost it from the stress already"", at least with the ""no loading allowed"" playstyle that I employ.You have to process people as fast as you can, but making mistakes will also cost you, so you have to balance the speed and the precision. After every day of work, you get to spend your earned money by feeding your family, paying the rent and heating bill, and if things are going well, you can buy upgrades for your toll booth. But there's never enough money for everything after the beginning, unless you're some kind of border guard savant.It starts off easy: Check if the customer has a passport, if it has expired, if it has been granted in an authorized town and if the person is identifiable from the picture. Foreigners you must turn back. Next day, foreigners are allowed. The next day foreigners and natives both have to have a different kind of extra document to pass and you have to cross-check the information with the passport as well as if the information checks out on it's own.  Before you know it, your desk is cluttered with all sorts of papers and you have to remember three faces of criminals that you can't let pass and a couple of names who you have to pass, while shooting people who try to do terrorist bombings at the border.You find yourself screaming at the screen: ""What?! No way was that entry pass a forgery, you've got to be kidding me! Where the hell is that document? Who was I supposed to let pass and why?!"" Things will get desperate soon enough, and maybe you'll let a missing document slide if the customer has some ""incentive"" to let him/her pass. Oh, stop being so high and mighty, my son was very sick and I needed the money!The roleplaying is intriguing as well. There are some really desperate people at the border trying to get you to bend the rules and you will be faced with the decision of either doing your job, or the right thing. Dereliction of your duties will first result in notices from your supervisors and then you will get fined, but you find yourself thinking: ""She'll get murdered if I decline her Visa, and it's only a 5$ fine if I don't, so maybe I'll do it just this once."" You can also team up with different political factions, which have real consequences. There are 20 different endings so the choices matter.Papers, Please is proof that an excellent game doesn't need a marketable premise or top-notch graphics. On the contrary, it might allow the freedom of focusing on the gameplay aspects that truly make a game great. I know I haven't played this much yet, so this praise is to be taken with a grain of salt, but this might be one of the best games of 2013."
76561198050541924,Recommended,239030,5483425,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Spooky Womble,"Great little game. There's really nothing to it, it's hardly even a game in the traditional sense. All you do is check people's credentials as they try to enter the country. But as simple as it is, it's actually genius and really fun.You need to earn money to feed your family, but your efficiency determines your pay so you have to be quick while avoiding mistakes. You have to turn away mothers trying to see their children because there's a typo on their permit, and deal with numerous ethical dilemmas where determining the right course of action is impossible, especially when you simultaneously have a position of immense power, and yet no power at all. All you're trying to do is feed your own family and everything else is secondary. Love it."
76561198071883418,Recommended,239030,8958853,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Safire224,"Papers, Please is super addicting and definitely worth the buy if you like a challenge with details. It has so many endings that its worth replaying certain days to see just how your life turns out in the end of shuffling through papers and trickery. I really enjoyed the game, and still do on those days when there's nothing around to entertain you."
,Recommended,239030,8960363,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,SAMSY DXIII,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xKTeJAZ3fY
,Recommended,239030,8753236,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,BeeBee,great game!
,Recommended,239030,7974357,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Lone Wolf,"A very intriguing and distinct polit-thriller set in an east european-like country in the 1980s. Main location is the border of Arstotzka, where the player takes the position as the border inspector. While the gameplay may look dull and simplystic since you do mostly paper work for 90% of the game, it becomes more challenging as you progress further. You have to watch out and point out every discrepancy in the documents of the immigrants, which becomes much harder since there always come more documents.The Border is also the main focus point of the plot. Basically it all depends on you how the story will progress. Will you support the secret society who wants to bring change to the country or will you simply keep on doing your job and ignore them? Will you let the old woman who urgently need medical treatment pass or shoo her away because she hasn't brought the right documents? All of this and more depends solely on your actions.There are a total of 20 endings and you'll have to replay the game a few times to see them all.I'd really enjoyed Papers, Please and must say, it is one of these unique experiences that one must play by him/herself to appreciate."
,Recommended,239030,8756144,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mr_Bucket_207,"One of the simplest, most mundane gameplay mechanics imaginable yet a deeply mood-altering experience. You're just a little cog in a soul-crushing draconian machine. Oh, and by the way: Your family's cold and hungry--so keep it moving, scumbag.Hopefully once I'm through these therapy sessions I'll figure out if I liked this game or not."
76561198041768959,Recommended,239030,8759888,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Koisooo,"This game is... a masterpiece.This game is one of the best ones I`ve ever played.This game really puts you to think, even in real life.Buy this game.Play this game.Love this game.Recommend this game.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8760081,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,youwiniquit,it's russian oregon trail
,Recommended,239030,8777568,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Fifty Shades of Chumlee,the year is 1982one manone missionnothing can or will stop himhis namejorgi(out now on steam)
76561198120965560,Recommended,239030,8778307,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Hero,8.5/10.  Strangley addicting.
,Recommended,239030,2846808,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Fathuran,"Papers, Please is a masterful piece. You play as the lone border inspector at the only crossing of a secluded eastern european nation only just beginning to open to foreigners. It is amazingly deep and each day has something new, introducing game mechanics in the form of more stringent immigration policies, work permits, frauds, and even weaponry. I was hooked onto this game, and I love the dystopian setting. Even though the graphics are barely there in an aesthetic that harkens back to early PC gaming. it serves just enough to have purpose and I think it works perfectly.There is also a surprising amount of choice to the game. From determining the fate of those seeking to gain entry without the proper papers to things much deeper, and perhaps more sinister. I've found myself playing a cold man following protocol, until certain events eventually led me to sacrifice nearly everything for the wellbeing of my nation. And guess what, that's maybe one out of 20 or so endings. One playthrough will probably get you a few hours, but in my opinion, the story mode is worth replaying for everything you might have missed, not to mention an 'endless mode'.Additionally, it's not all easy. You must also use your meager income to pay rent and care for your family, which makes the idea of bribes and other incentives all the more appealing.I heartily recommend this game, even if for the fact that it serves as a very good narrative of what the United States and other nations have done with their travel policies."
,Recommended,239030,8137533,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Malipayong Gulang,"This is a great game, it will have some similarities to historical backgrounds and such."
76561198031609660,Recommended,239030,8698141,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,CrazyFeederHD,I got this game with alot of bad reviews from my friend but i still bought it and man were my friends wrong this game is awesome tones of fun.
,Recommended,239030,8698198,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lilithnerevar,"This game is unique, surprisingly exciting, lovable, thought-provoking 10/10 for me. A gem in the indie-pool. And the music is just...awesome."
,Recommended,239030,8698875,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,JazzyDoes,This is game is so simplistic in a sense but so complex simultaneously. I love it to death. Who knew processing passports could make 3 hours fly by?
,Recommended,239030,8700358,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,A creeping feeling of dread,"Yes, Please"
,Recommended,239030,8701957,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Not Louis CK,"This game blew me away more than any big-budget or mass-crowdfunded title did.  It grabs you by the balls and tells you to tell orphans they won't get to see mommy and daddy because their passport had a slight typo, or choose to let them through in exchange for your sick son's medicine.Dear god...this game.  The master of ethical choice."
,Recommended,239030,8702419,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,MadMikeLove,I beat it. Goddammit i beat it 3 times. Play this game. It's an indie masterpiece.
,Recommended,239030,8762332,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DanHooligan,Best game about border checks ever.
76561198077437073,Recommended,239030,6855498,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Sarah,I love this game it makes me use my brain too much though lol I have my desk set up all figured out now though when I play this lol to make it easier for me to check passports :)
,Recommended,239030,8767994,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,PixelBurster,My Review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQU9ox2KNeE
,Recommended,239030,747917,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,BlueAndEvil,"Serving glorious Arstotzka in service at checkpoint is asset to proud nation. Become checkpoint inspector now, and deny all applicants.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,10193885,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,El Ligre Chino,Glorious Supreme Leader Liger gives this masterpiece a soviet/10
,Recommended,239030,10193981,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,is game
76561198132225420,Recommended,239030,10208770,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,gabooshify,"Paper's Please is an unbelievably fun game, because every passport is different and there's something new every day! While it is usually pretty dark, it has great humor."
76561198154494435,Recommended,239030,15773424,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,vixni♥,Yes
,Recommended,239030,21007811,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Spanish Tunnel King,This is the most fun I've had not having fun with a game yet. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,18620189,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Sashlik King,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,239030,20981697,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheRoninator,"One the most addictive games I have played, would recommend!Some stories that people come through with and you have to deny them because they don't have valid documents is hard breakingP.S GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,20998256,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,BoOo its a ghost,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,20998682,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Chase,Great story and very fun to play!
,Recommended,239030,21000582,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,faeriebell,Excellent and challenging game. Pay attention to details or die in jail after going into debt. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,20981415,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Calonyr11,"YES! This game is excellent! Graphics are superb for pixel graphics, the music and sound are excellent, story is straightforward, but engaging. The gameplay is so addicting and at timescan be quite challenging. I love seemingly simple games that are full of nuance, challenge, and have great replay value! I loved this game so much that i got it of iOS as well ;)"
,Recommended,239030,20986938,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nikaslovakia,"Do you have a lack of control over your life? Do you have difficulty with confrontation? Do you want to serve your glorious country of Arstotska? If you answered you to 0 or all of these questions this game is right for you. Be the decider of fate as you man a border station and choose whether or not to allow helpless people to enter your country! Break up families, ruin lives, end lives, have people arrested, allow people into your country because you thought they were funny! You dont need to pay for heat tonight, your family can freeze! Maybe you're here becasue you like stamps. If so then boy are you in for a treat because that is one of the only actions you can do in the entire game! All this and more in Papers Please."
,Recommended,239030,30534008,Posted: 15 March,all,EmeraldRacer,This game is amazing and I wish the developer Lucas Pope would make a sequel but he won't and he publicly said that.You have tonot let THE ORDER OF THE EZIC STAR prosper if you would like to keep your job (and get ending twenty)I Have watched most of this game from JackSepticEye and it is a game i reccomend!
,Recommended,239030,20987687,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cmdr_Victoria,"PROS: Engaging story, great sense of humor, multiple outcomesCONS: Doing well at the game without ""cheating"" requires an exceptional combination of efficiency and attention to detailI heard about this game some time ago back when it first came out, but I didn't give it a serious shot until I saw the first few days played by a popular Irish Youtuber. Playing it myself it really was unexpectedly fun! There's much more of a story than you'd expect -- there's even a bit of RP involved, as you get to decide what kind of inspector you'll be -- and I even found myself replaying one day over and over and over and over (etc...) until I finally got the result I wanted (TRUE LOVE CONQUERS ALL!!).SadlyIronically, my IRL job means that I'm actually quite good at the game as well: after my first playthrough I had a citation/error rate of about 11%. My IRL government contracting job asks for not much more than that, only 5% error.If you're considering the game, I'd certainly give it a gry. And if you're not willing to commit whatever the base price is at the time that you're reading this, then just wait for a sale. But IMO, it's worth it!GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
76561198209020140,Recommended,239030,20974991,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,i.will.be.a.captains.woman,"Amazing game. I only wish that the audio worked :)4.9/5, would dedicate far more time of my life to anytime."
76561198057107354,Recommended,239030,20974421,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,factoryman942,Obristan above all
,Recommended,239030,20974642,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SnowyPuzzle,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,21164077,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Admison,"Awesome game, I love everything about it and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys games with multiple endings and that make you pay attention to detail."
,Recommended,239030,21164318,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ditto,"if arstotzka has a lottery for a job, screw it.BUT GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA♥♥♥♥ OFF...overall i think the game is good, 10/10 would communist again"
,Recommended,239030,21169301,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Uncle Optima,"Here, take these credits, and pretend that I gave a review."
76561198165498242,Recommended,239030,21165578,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DatLitIndianBOI,great game
,Recommended,239030,6949020,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Hermes \m/,"Requires focus and not being distracted... But once you get the flow, this game as easy as pie. I liek pie."
76561198061920520,Recommended,239030,21149706,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fuffy,:)
,Recommended,239030,13583629,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Fusha | Shizzle_Nizzle,"Thanks to Arstotzkan government, I able to get job as inspector at border. Is very boring job but is very interesting at times. I see guy, he try to get in with Cobrastan passport. But thing is, there is no such things as Cobrastan! We laugh and then I detain for forgery. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,13588508,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Draquesha,"Great country, family lives here good.Glory to Arstotzka!9/10"
76561198076834998,Recommended,239030,13589851,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,fatkontrolla,Worth playing
76561198077529212,Recommended,239030,13554809,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Scaredog20,"This game was outstanding. The premise is a morality system done right. This game asks for morality that is more than the binary chose between a holy saint or evil demon. This game asks for people to make decisions on whether to help others, even if it may come at the risk of yourself and your family. The protagonist is a border inspector that must manage the inflow of foreign people and maintain that their papers are in order and to keep his nation safe from criminals and terrorists.  The story also involves the inspector's decision on whether to aid or fight the revolutionary army or make a break for it and escape the country."
76561197981030264,Recommended,239030,13554854,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mama,Crazy addictive. Did not expect that !
,Recommended,239030,13557032,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BluFalcon,ma'am the codes on these documents do not matchplease sir let me through I need to get to my childrenGAURDS!no please dont arrest me I just want to see my family please!next!Sir your pasport is expiredPlease if u turn me away ill be killed in my country you must let me through *slips me 10$ through window**put 10$ in pocket* *grab red stamp* [DENIED]YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!next!
,Recommended,239030,13560955,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Djask,"Absolutely amazing, and there is, interestingly enough, a very good storyline. I played this a while ago last year, but I just replayed it and it was still as good as I remembered."
76561198068660229,Recommended,239030,13561017,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,jbls0127,This is a fun game. You should get it.
,Recommended,239030,13561389,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chritical_EP,"A poem I got from a man wanting to get in but had invalid paperwork:""You are hot like fire,You object of desire,You (again) wrap my heart in wire,Approve my visa.""10/10 would Arstotzka again"
,Recommended,239030,13577130,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Greg TvH,"Papers, Please is an acheivement in art. It transcends everything a video game is thought to be, and creates an experience one would never expect out of this medium, but can only be done through it. It is the only game I believe that literally everyone should play."
,Recommended,239030,13577443,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[Impact Blue] Hero_,"I just played like 30 minutes of the game. I felt very questioning, about what I was doing. It was a hard game, music just appears to be one soundtrack. I like the art style and how they did the waiters."
76561198031709967,Recommended,239030,13577527,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Relentless,"Papers, Please is a game that anyone can jump into and have hours of fun with. The game slowly becomes more and more difficult and begins to feel incrediably rewarding as you progress. It's is awsome feeling of power knowing what determines if someone gets into the country or not is determined by the Green or Red stamp you slam on their passport. The simplistic graphics really add to the overall feel to the game.I'm encouraging to know that some games are still being made for solid indepth gameplay and entertainment, and not the pointless flashy bells and whistles.Glory To Arstotzka!"
76561198117901395,Recommended,239030,13578031,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,shark finn,">Loads up game>Meets Jorji>Denies, then accepts, then accepts Jorji again>Gets 5 Citations in one day>Make no profit due to 55 dollars worth of fines>Win the game after 2 (long) tries13/10 would worship Arstotzka again"
,Recommended,239030,13537038,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,arstrig,"Here's a novel idea - A TUTORIAL.  Really don't appreciate having to resort to a Game FAQ's in order to get through the first 15 minutes of this game.  When a person doesn't have a passport you have to click on ""highlight discrepancy"" then open the rule book and highlight ""no passport"" and then click on the area where people present their documents.Wow super user friendy, 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,13580657,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Talking Companion Cube,"At first glance, the game is based around an utterly absurd concept: be that guy that checks papers at the border and deny entry to those without the proper papers.Play it a bit, and you'll notice that It's one of those rare games that makes you think about and/or appreciate something more in real life. I have a lot more respect for paper pushers after just a little time in this game. The way the world is presented (through a rather narrow lens) is also quite provocative.Worth picking up while on sale."
,Recommended,239030,13580883,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rain Drop Drop Top,There's nothing better than being able to play the life of an immigrations officer. To accept/reject visitors to your country without even looking at documents 11.5/10
,Recommended,239030,7431771,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,iestynne,"I never met an immigration officer who looked like they were having this much fun! Clever, darkly humorous and addictive as hell, this is one game concept that nobody saw coming. It's sheer genius - and I look forward to this formula being applied to such raucously fun activities as toenail clipping, hinge-oiling and lightbulb inventory-taking."
76561198210106164,Recommended,239030,14472630,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PrincessUmiNeko,Seems like a simple concept but the pressure is piled on quickly!Absolutely LOVE this game...would recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,239030,14470422,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[Emily] \[T]/,"I finally completed the game in 4 hours and got the good ending (with a little help from the ability to restart that day)absolutely brilliant game and I would say it's my favourite game on steam right now and i would definitely advise you to buy it for yourself, your friends. 10/10(spoiler alert)the guy i denied entry to for pretty much the whole game helped me escape with a passport he bought from some dodgy guy, damn, i'm a bad friend"
,Recommended,239030,14501969,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,curveekitty,"This game is actually the reason I got Steam in the first place. It is absolutely addicting. I've never had an issue with bugs of any sort. The storyline is great. And you can choose everything: who you let in or not, who you make exceptions for. You can even decorate your post with rewards from the government and items from your family. I LOVE this game. The fact that there are multiple endings to the game is great so it is hardly ever the same game twice. Definitely worth the money."
76561197980829596,Recommended,239030,8793599,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Daedalus,"This game is rediculously hillarious!  You would think a game where you are a border guard would be boring.  Not at all.  Very well written game, very clever.  I love the fact that it is old school graphics and sounds as it really puts you mind set that it is the 80's."
,Recommended,239030,823560,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,UncleDrax,If ever you wanted a game that reeked of the term 'Soviet'.. .this is it.You should buy this.. but go get a fifth of vodka to warm your soul first.
,Recommended,239030,7528792,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Anderson,"Will fool you every time, uncanny, one of the simplest yet most emersive games you'll play."
76561198019465136,Recommended,239030,8800462,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Enya,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,8825573,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,You know you always wanted to be an Arstotskan passport stamper
,Recommended,239030,8828640,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,roothyman2,"This is by far the greatest Steam game of 2013 it aces every subject in my review.Story: 10/10, the whole story of this game is fantastic it is one of the greatest stories in Indie Video Gaming which is a scary thought, it had over 15 different endings and each ending you will learn something new. +The story never goes off track.Gameplay: 10/10, the gameplay is what shines in this game. The gameplay was make it or break it for the developer and he stunned me by deliviring what (IMO) 2nd greatest gameplay of 2013 (1. GTA V)Presentation/Graphics: 9/10, the game is meant to be dark and it does that perfectly, however what I didn't enjoy as I found a bit of bugs but that doesn't take away anything from this wonderful gameplay experienceReplay Value: 9.5/10: As I said there are over 15 different endings which adds alot of replay value, there is also an endless mode which requires a code which you can only get if you get the right and happy ending, also there are alot of moral choices and each one could change the entire game for youPrice: 10/10 definatly worth $9.99Overall: RUSH OUT AND BUY THIS GAME NOW  48.5/50"
76561198021486861,Recommended,239030,9113998,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Nekcutta,"amazing game, just plain fun. i never thought doing paperwork could be interesting but here it is...beware of jorji!!"
,Recommended,239030,9114831,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,McNugget Buddies,0/10 needs more shrek
76561198055333653,Recommended,239030,9115078,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Delta5012,"While certainly not for everyone, there is a weird addictiveness and gravity that is conveyed quite well in ""Papers, Please"" that is well worth your time."
76561197963556775,Recommended,239030,9115937,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Emma-esa,In all it's simplicity it's awesome and fun. The story has it's grimm moments too.
76561198014958136,Recommended,239030,9117786,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,alexania,Surprisingly enjoyable and replayable.
76561198048732585,Recommended,239030,5373408,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Warlorf,"A simple yet incredible game. I would not believe that the life of an border inspector could become so much fun. The simple graphics and the music helps the atmosphere of the fictional Soviet country, coupled with multiple endings and various  ways to play can take hours of your life playing. I recommend! Remember, deny the foreign scum and GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!"
,Recommended,239030,9121133,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,.TDW Dank,"Look at this game. I mean seriously, look up the trailer or soem screenshots. Does it look like a great game? Not really. Is it a great game? Definitely.Even though the 8-bit throwback style graphics are becoming overused nowadays, Papers, Please has a good reason for using them, and pulls it off well. The gameplay is literally the same as being a border guard. So, if this was labeled ""Border Simulator 1982"" it would get a 6 or 7 out of 10. But it's not. The game is constructed in such a way that you want the very damn best for your little border guard and his family. You want to overthrow the corrupt government and you want to do the best damn job at removing Kolechians from the premises you possibly can.How they did it, I don't know for sure. But this simple game of legal documents has more charm and personality than all of Activision's 2013 releases combined. You need to play this.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,9049972,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Slim,"Best Indie Game I've ever played, Strategic, makes you think, and has some comedic value to it as well. A bit of replay value, worth more than 10$ IMO"
,Recommended,239030,8945471,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,queenofcookies1980,"Quite fun, for a while.Pro's: highly addictive, must be good for training your brain. Enjoyable and easy to learn/use interface (no complicated, high speed button pushing).Cons: the low ress, pixelated game becomes annoying after a while. If you don't play for a bit, you might as well start over because you prolly won't remember enough of the rules/regulations to keep going. <- yep, I'm there.I had fun with it, might start it up again in the future. But gets a bit boring/repetative after a while. If it's going cheap, it's quite worth picking up :)7/10"
,Recommended,239030,19817839,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Peacock_man,Very creative idea! Many endings and hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,239030,19911945,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dumb Whore,Filthy Jihadist Kolechian Pigs.
76561198240563526,Recommended,239030,19915411,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,quillbearer,Haven't had a more sincere friend than Jorji in a long time.10/10 would help him smuggle drugs across the border again
76561198004230891,Recommended,239030,19914989,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Smug Pug,"*Friendly old man shows up - have to deny him due to no passport*""Aw gee willickers hopefully the guy can get a passport and get into the country!""*Friendly old man shows up again - have to deny him due to his passport being fake*""Poor guy, maybe next time I can finally let him in..""*Friendly old man shows up again - denied due to no entry ticket*""Terrorist attacks, family cold and hungry, immigrants DEY TEEK UR JERBS, you don't want in here pal.""*Friendly old man shows up yet again - denied because entry tickets are no longer valid*""I hate Artsotzka.""The premise of the game seems unfun and simple, check papers and approve or deny them.. But the game cleverly throws more at you each day with events going on that really add to the atmosphere. The game grittily makes you choose between family and doing the right thing, you'll choose family, and feel like trash. 10/10 would dystopian again."
,Recommended,239030,19898182,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Coops 👽,Good game
76561198013806823,Recommended,239030,19898198,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Prestige,One of the most unique experiences I ever had. 10/10 BUY THIS GAME. Esepcially if you find yourself to be analytical
76561198120577878,Recommended,239030,19927416,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dipp,*Beats ending twentyGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA MODE INGAGEDRETURN TO WORK AUGUST 1STMORE PAPERSMORE GLORYMORE HERO OF ARSTOTZKA
76561198180190231,Recommended,239030,19925810,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,caiohideo,"Awesome game, this game made me swear at npcs being to lazy tocome when I call them...Also, life is too hard... Probably I will rage quit ..."
76561198088075864,Recommended,239030,19904909,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,3k is still 2k shit,"Maybe the game will appear simple and boring, but it' isn'tWith a better plot than the 90% of the actual games, i reccommend this as one of the most beautiful game of his typeEnjoyed it at 100% with all achievements done.Literally a masterpiece ( more than 10 endings )For Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,19871920,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,p0poV,My family keeps dying.
,Recommended,239030,30662397,Posted: 21 March,all,Really Humble Guy,"If you're looking for a short game with a unique presence and concept, buy papers please."
,Recommended,239030,19934783,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[FCDI] Beast,Cool story. The artstyle serves the game well.It has a very good atmosphere.
76561198063545962,Recommended,239030,30662427,Posted: 21 March,all,biffchicken,"Very simple, very fun, very addictive game. Loved the Story Mode of the game, very well done.Glory to Arstotska"
76561198027443875,Recommended,239030,19920934,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lu,Popular for a reason. It's a great game.◉ Best Game of 2013 → The New Yorker◉ Best Game of 2013 → Wired Magazine◉ Top Indie Game 2013 → Forbes Magazine◉ Grand Prize Winner → IGF 2013◉ Best Strategy & Simulation → BAFTA 2013◉ Best Game of 2013 → Ars Technica◉ Best PC Game of 2013 → Destructoid◉ Best Game of 2013 → PC World◉ GameCity Prize Winner → GameCity 2014◉ Cultural Innovation Award → SXSW 2013◉ Excellence in Design Winner → IGF 2013◉ Excellence in Narrative Winner → IGF 2013◉ Best PC Game → LARA Game Awards 2014◉ Best Story of 2013 → Destructoid◉ Best Game of 2013 → Patrick Klepek... and more
,Recommended,239030,19917049,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Hippykinss,"Amazing game, very psychological"
76561198030920805,Recommended,239030,19920216,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,gws5597,"Fun game, but easy for people like me who can read quickly."
,Recommended,239030,19920310,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Katastrophy ~ Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ,"I'm telling you, I don't understand where those bizarre irregularities in my accounts are from!"
76561198253182341,Recommended,239030,19907851,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,seriacuckoo,An amazung game with a good story line.
76561198011858234,Recommended,239030,19922601,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,mjb supreme,Original gameplay and good atmosphere.Best border control simulator by far!!!!
,Recommended,239030,19989512,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Paint.net,i couldnt press on the rules when someone someone didnt bring the entry ticket
,Recommended,239030,19982821,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Andy,It's challenging yet entertaining. It's a strategic little experience that I'd recommend almost anyone to try.
,Recommended,239030,19964882,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MLGesus,"Papers, Please is an award-winning puzzle game created by indie developer Lucas Pope in 2013. The game takes place in a fictional communist state of Arstotzka in late 1982. You will play as an unnamed border inspector who regulates the border checkpoint in a town called Grestin. What you will do throughout the game is to regulate who can admit and who can't by approving or denying their visas or even detaining them. The goal is to keep you and your family alive.To approve a visa, you must make sure that there are no discrepancies in the entrants' documents, discrepancies like: expired documents, different ID numbers, and etc. The rules will change from time to time as the game progresses, for example: no entry from certain country, entrants must use certain documents, and etc. There are 31 days or levels in the game, and would take about 4 hours to complete the story mode. There are 13 Steam Achievements for the game, it should take you to finish the story mode at least twice to get them all. There are nudity in the game, so if you don't like it, you can always disable it in the options. Also, fun fact: the names of the entrants are submitted online from people all over the world.PROSPapers, Please is a very unique and original game. There is no other game like this elsewhere. The game's size is pretty small with just under 50MB and you won't need a high-end computer to run it. Some people might not like the pixel graphics, but I personally love it and I think it really suits with the game. The story is very dark and grim as decisions really matters in this game. There are only a few soundtracks in this game, but the main theme is annoyingly catchy and memorable however. There are many endings in this game, 20 to be exact. There is also an endless mode, adding to the replayability. The Steam Cloud is really useful as you don't have to worry about losing your progress. The Steam Stats and Leaderboards are a very nice touch to the game. There are also Steam Trading cards for this game.CONSPapers, Please is a game that could take a while to get into because it's not the most fun game at start. The gameplay can actually get repetitive from time to time. Some people might not like the graphics. The concept of the game could turn some people off.SUMMARYPapers, Please is an amazing game and deserved all of the awards it is given. However, I don't think everyone would enjoy the game. But I personally enjoy it very much and I really recommend this game."
,Recommended,239030,19958107,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fuzes,Indie games can be good!!!!Awesome story with heart breaking decisionGood gameplayGraphics are not great but it adds the overal feeling of the gameMakes you think9/10 - Amazing
76561198041399191,Recommended,239030,19956569,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,I Kinda Fail,"The beautiful, beautiful feeling of watching Jorji get his documents in proper order. 10/10 would deny crayon passports again."
,Recommended,239030,19986623,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hefty Hint,Beautiful game the stargtey is time puzzling and mine break101-LOLIMNOOBREVIEWS
76561198031389152,Recommended,239030,19986763,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Witchfinder-General,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,19990905,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chevre,Definitely recommended. Bought this game as a gift for my boyfriend and I saw that he was having fun. I watched him play for a couple of hours and decided to buy and play the game too. LOL
,Recommended,239030,19876155,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Friccboi,"great gameplay with satisfying rewards, a good sense of learning progression and a nice amount of autonomy. Gr8 M8 I R8 8/8"
76561198153384051,Recommended,239030,19858346,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GlassShatter,"I'm gonna say it, the game is short, it loses its thrill when you beat the campaign, but what a wonderful campaign it is. I've probably enjoyed this game more than most games I've sunk 20+ hours into and would love it if there was some sort of sequel. This game is definitely worth ten bucks."
76561198048558463,Recommended,239030,19854045,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,px,5/7 would play again on cell phone/tablet
76561197970201465,Recommended,239030,19881776,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JeffM1983,Great game! A unique experience with a vintage feel. Great job!
76561198119482026,Recommended,239030,19881942,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fishy,Well... starting offf this is a great game with a great story line. hours of fun :)my experiece-*gets job**accepts artogerthhr what ever it is**slaps natives in the face**second day**deinighing more people**gets fine for denighing people with right imformation*shi....*thrid day*wierd guy gives me a gift*takes gift**4 days later**in jail because that guy was not trusted*crap
,Recommended,239030,19886123,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Pigeonman_666,"GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!n rlly, buy this gameu can steal ppls watches, kwikskope dem, detain dem. U can watch ur mother in law die of sickness, u can take big bribes, u can burn money, u can help a secret order rise to power, u can poison peeps, u can defuse bomb, u can get executed, u can do forced laber, u can buy crayons, u can do ""random searches,"" very wow gaem"
,Recommended,239030,19998406,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DoubleD,"After accepting her husband, the wife comes with no valid identity slip and I deny her and let her die back in her home country while her Husband still lives.8/10"
,Recommended,239030,20019163,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pika CHEW,"I'm not used to writing reviews, but this game deserves one. I got it cheap, it was on sale for like, 5$. I love it, i've only played about 2 hours, but it's fun. i'm not very good at it and it can get frustraiting, but it takes practice. you should play career for the first 3 days, then play endless (look up the code online) it helps me practice, i do endurance. basically, you look at a persons passport and there papers, make sure they're the right gender, the passports not expired,  and that they're papers match up with everything. i always forget to look at the date, or match their faces, haha. but its a really good game and i recomend it."
,Recommended,239030,20017586,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CaptainnJack,Fun game to play very addictive ive only just brought it and im hooked Recommend getting the game
,Recommended,239030,20016071,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BlahBlahOli,"Taking bribes never felt so right.Arstozka is love, Arstozka is life."
,Recommended,239030,20020217,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bugzz,"My son and uncle dyed, and then I was arrested for delinquency. Apparently I got ending 1 of 20.10/10 would get ending 1/20 again."
,Recommended,239030,20038001,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Arstotzkan,COBRASTAN IS REAL COUNTRY!
,Recommended,239030,20036355,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LylliE,Really fun game.  Gets progressively more difficult. I enjoyed the fact that you can go back to a certain day to alter your choices; which may (and probably will) lead to a different ending
,Recommended,239030,19024746,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Diggity Dog,I was told I was a facist for playing this game.10/10 would be facist again.
,Recommended,239030,18980874,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ilvatu,"You play the gatekeeper to a dystopian country on the brink of civil war. Balance supporting a cause with feeding your family. A fun game with more than meets the eye at first, and multiple endings to keep you playing for more."
,Recommended,239030,18980907,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,That_One_JoeyClaire,When you think of this game you think awwww plz it looks so ez *buys it* havent played it in months im still trying to get over how hard the puzzels are10/10 would totally play again *wink-wink*
,Recommended,239030,19008720,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sensual Lettuce,"One of the most atmospheric and inventive indepdenent games I've played, Papers Please makes you think deeply. In terms of the gameplay, the difficulty ramps up but it doesn't deliver many gameplay hurdles that you are used to. As the title suggests, you are literally comparing documents and doing reasonably mind-numbingly repetitive tasks. But it's the growing sense of dread which creeps in that gives this game such explosive emotional resonance. Papers, Please really awakened me to the potential for independent games to make a political statement - this game has a lot to say about Communism, authoritarianism and obedience in particular."
76561198147696588,Recommended,239030,19006208,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,TINYOWNSYOU,"I go to job, do paperwork.I come home, play a game about doing paperwork.10/10 would do paperwork again."
,Recommended,239030,17853110,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Stray Cat,"Splendid.We played this in university for the Storytelling class.I sweat a LOT.If this wasn't in 8-bit graphics I think I would've never had the guts to finish the game. This is the physical proof that an amazing piece of videogame art does not need to come wrapped in Triple A graphics, posters on the subway and ads on Facebook. Papers, Please beats Call of Duty fair and square.Glory to Arstotzka! (The soundtrack to this game has been my mobile ringtone for over a year now)"
76561198082968643,Recommended,239030,10892925,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,orion belt,"What can i say? Oh... I know! Enticing story, simple but still interresting graphics, and unforgiving.[I/]"
,Recommended,239030,17853411,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kauezinho 1vs9,funny game
,Recommended,239030,17851449,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Go Duck Yourself,Not bad... I actually enjoyed it more than I thought I would
,Recommended,239030,17833725,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Roñañ,8/10
76561198034629887,Recommended,239030,17849114,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,demonflowers,"Play this game. Seriously, stop reading reviews and play this game right now. This is a game where you process paperwork.  That is all you do. And yet, it is the most engaging and tense game I have played in ages. Seriously, I was more on edge playing this game than any shooter or horror game. This game also has moral choices, not the pathetic ones most games have, real ones which made me think and actually made me feel bad. There is this constant sense of despair and oppression permeating the entire experience. So good."
,Recommended,239030,17784823,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,jippy@aol.com,"This game will test you on minor details that can slip past you easily, but once you get everything 90% down, you'll be able to do rather well."
,Recommended,239030,10813673,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Howl J. Pendragon,"I played this game during the beta and was thrilled to find that the full release would be coming to Steam. They have done a great job expanding upon the premise.WhilePapershas you in the role of a border control inspector doing his daily grind, the game finds many ways to make the job tenser than you might think. Each time you verify someone's identity in accordance with the game rules, you'll always be left wondering if maybe, just MAYBE, you screwed something up. New gameplay rules come up every now and again, keeping the rhythm fresh and keeping the tension high. There is also a surprising amount of choices to be made every now and again that will demand your own moral judgement. These bouts of moral choices aren't so much black and white as they are grey and grey, letting some of the game's unsettling political and ethical undertones sink in. The well-being of your family and paying off your bills is a looming concern, giving you much incentive to perform at your best.Papers also has a lot of character.You'll see very many faces from a fictional, yet realized world. Despite the lack of voice acting, the dialogue is well-written and gives off the pseudo Russian/eastern European accent that characterizes the setting. There are funny bouts of humor amid the rather grim 1980s atmosphere and the game does a good job letting you know that you're part of a very rough region.The only things I really have a problem with would be some of the controls and feel of the game. It works out 90% of the time, but sometimes the UI gets cluttered with too many different documents to sort through. During your first run, getting the hang of identifying discrepancies might also be confusing. The subject matter may put off some people since it deals with border control, terrorism, and TSA-levels of invasions of privacy in a pretty unapologetic fashion.Its unwillingness to tone down its, well, tone is one of the game's strengths, though. It's well worth your time if you want to exercise your obervation skills."
76561198066771940,Recommended,239030,10634710,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pummelweed1352,"I admit, I was very hesitant to buy this because it seemed like a waste of time and money; it looked like there wasn't much to do. Boy was I wrong. This is a very fun and addicting game; I highly recommend to anyone and everyone."
76561198001527457,Recommended,239030,17815521,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/makarimorph,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JmZsaXyl_oDid a lets play on this game and i have to think i went in thinking id not like it but it was oddly gripping and compelling i highly reccomend playing it for the sake of the game style if anything!
,Recommended,239030,16616751,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BadgerWaffles,"A simingly simple game with a lot of depth to it. There are a lot of choices and options you can take to help but they can also come back to bite you in the butt. The game itself is only ever really doing the papers and then minor management of family and yet I never minded this at all. Each day brought something new and you never knew what was coming next. Papers, Please is a great title."
76561198099810515,Recommended,239030,7265960,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Neal?,"Actually a pretty fun game. Its like a communist spot the differences that will leave you feeling like the worst border employee ever, in the best way possible :)"
76561198097109341,Recommended,239030,17844890,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gfthomas,"Of course this game is fun, but if this was your real job it would grow tire-some.  They should make more games like this, the moral choices tells you alot about yourself.  So simple yet highly addictive."
,Recommended,239030,9137644,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jebbery,fantastic
,Recommended,239030,17903757,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,elijoeh,"If you can make such a compelling story out of stamping yes or no, you deserve all the money you can.Twice as good as any Triple A title, you'll be cursing Arstotzka in no time"
,Recommended,239030,16578272,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Teledhil,Awesome!
,Recommended,239030,16578749,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Irrelevant,An amazing game that needs a good eye to see small details and the gameplay is great!
76561198086852570,Recommended,239030,16321008,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TOMahawk,"This game is literally so enjoyable that they somehow made a ""Cluttered desk management"" simulator fun."
76561198174039167,Recommended,239030,16322518,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,djsteve41,"Wow, what a concept.Love it, my favorite part is the old guy with the passport that looks like a kid drew it.More challenging than I thought it would be, it is deceptively hard to play and make the money you need without the penalties for missing something.BTW I get a cruel satisfaction from sending someone off to be detained (insert evil laugh)"
76561198101827464,Recommended,239030,16323371,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zeroleafclover,Great the man made a game about checking peoples papers and made it fun its simply amazing watch the gameplay first though not everyone will like this sort of thing
,Recommended,239030,16323931,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kirklander,"Papers, Please is weirdly in depth and at times intense for just being a border inspector. You're main goal is to keep your job and provide enough money to keep your family alive. Lots of times they bring curveballs and decisions at you. These are where it gets somewhat intense, whether its dealing with terrorist or keeping familes united. A great game in my book."
,Recommended,239030,13964276,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,JamesParty,"Papers, Please! You gained one ounce.*arrested for contraband"
,Recommended,239030,7400705,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,The Prussian,A somewhat simple game that gets increasingly hard as you go along. It has a very cynical viewpoint and makes you question everything you do. Do you take a bribe to buy medicine for your sick son or does he does he die for the State? This game shows you that life isn't always fair.
,Recommended,239030,16371344,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheGubbinsTrench,"This game is totally addictive and apt for the bureaucratically-minded. Gotta love that red tape! (Get it? 'Cause the game is set in a communist-gone-wild dystopia...).My one issue with this game is the idea of judging someone's gender via their outward appearance and then requiring strip searches (again, to determine gender). It's a bit... ooky, but other than that it is a fun, stylized game that can provide plenty of entertainment."
76561198051507449,Recommended,239030,16373763,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SiegeOfHerons,"The fact that this game is merely about checking people's paperwork to see if everything checks out doesn't diminish the fact that this game is full of hard choices with hard consequences, engaging plot, and grippingly bleak atmosphere. Playing this game you also find yourself smiling when you see a friendly face and dreading that upcoming review.Excellent game."
,Recommended,239030,16442988,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Bolivλr,"I saw the reviews but i was a little bit skeptical, so i decided to try before buy. I played for some minutes and soon i was convinced to buy and did it. This is a great little game. It´s simplistic and looks like a PC game from the 90´s, but this game has something special.  It´s a dark atmosphere with a lit bit touch of humour who contrast with the sadness and a satirical view of the human nature and the wounds of the society.The game itself is fun, each day you came to work,. check the border control rules, interview candidates one by one, interrogate, check all documents, , then you decide their future. Those are hard times, the payout is very small, you need to take care of family so you have to be a good servant, but sometimes you face moral dillemas that will make you think long.I loved this great casual game, a pleasing surprise."
,Recommended,239030,16446665,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Khobobo,"My son died within 5 days, RIP now ik my lesson.."
76561198036334172,Recommended,239030,16448306,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CatKickzor,That awkward moment when someone looks extremely feminine but after the body scan you find out they are in fact a man.
76561198075114315,Recommended,239030,16334608,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Voidfish,100000/10Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,16335959,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,felipefrog,How can such a simple game be this tense???
,Recommended,239030,16336360,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,charzar81,This game is a diamond in the rough. Never thought it would be THIS much fun working as a government worker in Eastern Europe setting. The many choices and endings keep you coming back for more.
,Recommended,239030,16337053,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sputaocchi,"Epic. May seem simple and repetitive, but it gets really thrilling and addictive. And it's cheap AF. 8/10 would play again."
,Recommended,239030,16338709,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Grymm,"Jorji Castova is the most amazing person in the game ""Arstoska so great passport not required"" ""Its a pre-approved passport"""
76561198120298805,Recommended,239030,16339968,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,gtr01,This game is amazing10/10Glory to Arstotzska
,Recommended,239030,7396605,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Neogodfather,"Who knew a realistic bureaucracy simulator could be so fun. In “Papers, Please” you play an immigration officer in a fake communist country in 1982. You stamp passports, ask for documents, and check every detail from the dates on forms, to the height and weight of the person. The game gets progressively harder adding more details to cross-reference. The person might look a bit different from their passport photo so you fingerprint them and compare it to their record, or if the person’s stated gender doesn't match their appearance you take a scan of them and check their junk. But the best part of the game is the hard moral choices you have to make along the way. You have a family and have to pay for things like rent, heat, food, and medicine. You earn money for each passport you approve or deny but get fined if you make more than 2 mistakes per day. If you suck you might have to take kickbacks form the guards, or even take bribes from terrorist, just to feed your family. If you’re good you can afford to give your kid a gift for Christmas or even move into a better apartment. This game is truly brilliant. It takes what sounds like the worst premise for a game and turns it into one of the most well-executed and bizarrely addictive games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,239030,26422,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Rich,"Dark, funny, unsettling and utterly brilliant..."
76561198040123524,Recommended,239030,16651207,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lady Valkyrie,"Strangely absorbing and nail-biting if you're not turned off by the older-looking graphics and gameplay that relies a lot on observation. A real gem that isn't your stereotypical 'game' and definitely worth a look at if you're looking for a shorter, but exceedingly worthwhile, gaming experience."
76561197972461461,Recommended,239030,16653270,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The goggles do nothing!,"GLORY TO [can't remember how to spell the fictional country]!!!!Papers, Please is a unique enough experience to easily recommend. That said, I don't think there is a ton of replay value beyond standard achievement hunting and the gameplay did wear out it's welcome after about 8-10 hours. Don't hesitate if it's on sale, even if it's not something you'll play for days on end... it is a very memorable experience while it lasts. HAIL JORJI!"
76561198074249382,Recommended,239030,16656905,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheV2ng,highest price per mb but totally worth it..
,Recommended,239030,16657476,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tiny Gaming Bear,This as of late has been one of my favorite games. It's set in this dystopian future where you're assigned as an border agent and you have to make sure people's passports are legal for them to enter. There are people that will try to bribe you to get in and people who are terrorists. As the game progresses tensions on the border get worse and worse and there is actually a really interesting story line that develops. Meanwhile you have to earn small amounts of money to try and keep your family from staving and freezing to death. Really interesting game and surprisingly addictive.
,Recommended,239030,16662091,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PoliceWolf,"Absolutely fantastic game! However, it's not for everyone. The mechanics are simple and the rules are straightforward. The challenge comes in when you miss little things like the person’s height or one letter in the passport. You also need to make enough money for your family but you need to be careful not to get deductions. If you like paying attention to detail this game is perfect for you! I recommend this game and I rate it 4.5 out of 5."
,Recommended,239030,14988502,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,buter-brod,"I like pixel art, but Papers, Please is ugly♥♥♥♥♥♥But still the game is much more rich that can be seen on 1st glance."
,Recommended,239030,30522742,Posted: 15 March,all,BackerLaVacker,"Great game with lots of replayablity (granted you didn't get ending 20, otherwise, there's no real replayability other than going for achievements).The choices you make really do make you think you are serving a point in the plot rather than just being a playable puppet that exists within the game."
76561198185849028,Recommended,239030,17922137,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,BenBattleSmith,This game is addicting thats that I got FREAKIN ROCKET LEAUGUE THE SAME DAY and i spent double the hours in this than that there are also over 20 endings and getting them are totaly different some you just find on your own such as telling the inspector that this cult has been trying to get you to do favors which ends in you getting interigated or just helping out the cult or escaping by yourself with a fake passport or accepting a 100 dollar check from that cult or so much more each ending requires something so different it makes it unique every time its wonderful. 8/9/10
76561198091605536,Recommended,239030,16571281,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ankoninjasaur,Depressing yet surprisingly addictive.
76561198097930091,Recommended,239030,16573766,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Koi,"Papers, Please is a fantastic game. you will come across some weird and wonderful characters and you sort through their legal documents. It may sound boring but I can assure you it is not. I highly recomend Papers, Please."
,Recommended,239030,16576457,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,.:JdabaD101:.,Let Jorji through or I will never be your friend again.
,Recommended,239030,16550971,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,richard0805,"Papers Please is an interesting concept pulled off in a unique style. Each day truly becomes harder, both to do ypur job right and to be a good person.  This game gives a whole new feeling to tedious paperwork and it certainly makes a change of pace from all the hardcore military shooters out there. Don't think, just get this game. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198079957507,Recommended,239030,16551672,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Seannery,"Great game, one of the more fun games I have played recently. The simple art style works great and adds to the dark feeling of the game. While the gameplay is pretty simple, it stays interesting by constantly changing and adding rules.Even though the title screen theme is pretty cool, the game lacks music during the levels. I also found it hard to play for hours on end, it's more of a play for 40 minutes and then do something else kind of game.Still; 9.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,16554332,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NVIDIA GTX,"This game is one of the best indie games I have stumbled across in a while, and be prepared to become part of the Arstozkan cult"
,Recommended,239030,29550485,Posted: 28 January,all,Moggz,"Really interesting game tackling an unusual subject for a comupter game. Very well executed concept and interesting story with good moral dilemas thrown in.It saves every day so it's easy to skip back a day and re-run to unlock different endings without having to do a full playthrough again.Great game for a one man effort, really shows that the devloper has experience of the subject matter. Border security seems quite topical at the moment too, I would highly recoommend it as an insight into the corruption, moral and administrational challenges of border security.Essentially this is a data cross-referencing game... weirdly it's quite gripping and thought provoking!"
76561198016108218,Recommended,239030,29549870,Posted: 28 January,all,Natas,I love!!!! papers please
76561198273951860,Recommended,239030,29547461,Posted: 28 January,all,Spawn Protection Sentry,EXTREMELY FUN!!! Just don't upgrade your house.
76561198097606272,Recommended,239030,29471621,Posted: 24 January,all,bachwiz18,"If the gameplay sounds boring and repetitive to you, it may not be the game for you. But it also isn't as boring as you might think! The mundane base gameplay is peppered with plenty of intrigue and mystery from the main storyline, which is subtly woven in throughout your day-to-day routine. You will have to make difficult choices without knowing their true consequences later on. There is a surprising amount of replay value thanks to the variety of endings you can achieve. Then for sickos like me who actually ENJOY the grind of the gameplay mechanics there is an ""infinite"" mode so you can process immigrants to your commie heart's content.Glory to Arstozka!"
,Recommended,239030,8598224,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Milchschnitte28g,"Papers, Please has no right to be as fun as it is. Papers, Please has no right to be as poignant as it is. Papers, Please has no right to be possibly the best PC game of 2013 I've played. Papers, Please is all of these things.The gameplay of Papers, Please is more or less a tedium simulator. It's Paperwork: The Game. And yet, you know that you need to process as many of these poor people as you can so that your family won't starve. You know that the old lady who you just denied will probably never see her son again; you know the young man you just let through has less than glorious ambitions in your city. Will you support the rebels? Will you let the young lady through, even though her passport is clearly fake, because her fiance was just before her and bribed you to do so? The choice in this game is staggering, and the simplicity of the game itself allows for complete assimilation of your mind into the mind of your character. You feel bad when your child gets sick, but you know that food is sometimes more important than heat.Papers, Please is a work of video game brilliance"
,Recommended,239030,29538310,Posted: 28 January,all,Deadhardy,I adore this game.  Who knew playing an Eastern Bloc immigration inspector could be so fun?  Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198247643484,Recommended,239030,29449866,Posted: 23 January,all,TroyMez123,This game is so dam cool how you get rules rules and more rules every now and then and if u dont follow them you will get a citation... i think this game is very reccomanded
76561198048527305,Recommended,239030,29524320,Posted: 27 January,all,Tr00he,"Papers, Please is a unique game in which you control travellers and their passports. This might sound boring, but it is not - as you are an inspector of a regime. So you choose who you let in or not, who you tell the authorities about... and if you collaborate with resistance, while at the same time you need to pay your bills, your family suffers from hunger and disease. No mistake you do will remain unnoticed, but you start asking yourself, if you are serving the right people...Papers, Please is one of many impressive indie games who succeed in transmitting a message and making the player reflect about politics, society and justice. I enjoyed it very much and hope to see more games like that in the future, as they are not just interesting and original, but also highly educative.In comparison with movies, games offer the possibility to really see the world through the eyes of someone in another role - a soldier, a politician, but maybe also a victim of suppression, as thank God many people don't know war and suppression anymore, it is important to have kind of access to those topics not just by reading books or watching movies, but also putting oneself, in a kind of simulation, in that situation. Only simulating the situation of another person you can really understand the possibilities and limitations you have, and that helps to understand other people.Papers, Please does a very good job at this and I highly recommend it. Similarly to ""This war of mine"" the game delivers a strong social and political message and makes you reflect about the world you live in. It is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,239030,29528811,Posted: 27 January,all,[MKZ]-Slice,"This is a really fun game that is surprisingly difficult if you aren't paying attention. I actually believe this is a great mental training game. You need to be observant, and quick, and perfect."
,Recommended,239030,4337631,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,InhaleMusic,Spurprisingly fun and super reccomended for the drunk community of the world. Become a new man today.
,Recommended,239030,939665,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,.walruseater,"Thisi s a really great game. On the surface it looks pretty straight forward, but it gets more and more complicated - but not so complicated that it stops being fun. You are basically a border worker who checks documents on people immigrating over. Your job is to make sure they don't have false information, fake documents, bombs, etc... all while saving money to keep your family alive and comfortable. I learn something new with each passing day (each day is a 'level') and if you mess up you can go back to a previous day and start over. For example, I accepted a bribe on day 11 for $1000. A few days later I moved into a nicer apartment. My neighbors reported my 'new wealth' to the athorities and they took my bribe money and are investigating the situation. I haven't found out what is going to happen yet, but if i lose my job i'm going to revert back to the day before I took the bribe money and be sure not to take it again :) Anyway, great game and definitely something to take about with other people who have played."
,Recommended,239030,17182829,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Mr. Hilter,Everyone looks disgusting.
76561198056693112,Recommended,239030,17186596,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pentagrille,"Lenin Cat approves. Seems dumb, is actually completely epic. Must buy."
,Recommended,239030,6011016,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,BARD IS TOO THICC,Really really good and only like £6.99 :)
,Recommended,239030,17028053,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,BCStorm,strangely addictive...
,Recommended,239030,17038483,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Cave Johnson,I love this! It lets me visualize how greate the US/Mexico border would be with Donald Trump as president!
76561198024345386,Recommended,239030,17203576,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Cоюз,Try to escape mundane life by playing video games. Start living mundane life in video game.
76561197971933671,Recommended,239030,17205930,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,jofer,"quite atmospheric and engaging,  worrth replaying to see multiple endings"
76561197967219542,Recommended,239030,270073,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,maverickwoe,"Papers please starts with a very simple gameplay : Control the immigrant papers following the rules of your ministry.Check thoroughly that all indications match the rules and accept or deny entry.But the story around your booth gets really interesting.People try to pass through get shot, you may help people with specific stories by letting them enter or killing murderers or spies. You can help your country or let the resistant settle in your autocracy.Meanwhile, you have to pay your rent, medicines and heat for your family.A small game but with really interesting atmosphere where you get hooked to find the discrepancies to earn your wage.Do buy !"
,Recommended,239030,17216665,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fiend,john cena
,Recommended,239030,10910393,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PennStatePhil,combines the intense pressure of working under a harsh dictatorship with the fast-paced world of processing paperwork!
76561198039283207,Recommended,239030,7652087,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Rivendell,"Has to be one of the best 10 dollars I spent. This simple seeming game on the outside has hours of fun on the inside. Who knew customs could be so fun?! With many different endings as well as an infinite mode, this game will keep you entertained so well that time will just fly by. Little visits by a few recurring potential citizens are always fun. Highly recommend this game if you're looking for some cheap time to kill on steam."
,Recommended,239030,10910890,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chebyshevrolet,"I don't know why this game is fun, but it is."
76561198121062833,Recommended,239030,10911667,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Twollamas,"I have played for only an hour and already think this is one of the most imaginative, interesting and unique game i have ever played. It is a very good game with a player determined endings (as there are 20 of them). They all are good endings. The actual gameplay does NOT get boring at all as whenever you complete a day more stuff is added to the next. For instance Day 1 you only are aloud to let in people from the country you are based in and then in Day 2 you can let in foriegners which make its it even more challenging. You need to make enough money to pay your family or they will (suprise suprise) DIE! I rank this game 10/10"
76561198025314933,Recommended,239030,10912465,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,VenomBananas,Glory To Arstotzka.
76561198052969087,Recommended,239030,10913928,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deez,"i keep coming back to this game because it manages to capture that Where-in-the-World-is-Carmen-Sandiego childhood nostalgia long lost over the years. i am also very OCD and work as a data analyst, so that might have something to do with it. details, details, details... wheeeeee!"
76561198002839672,Recommended,239030,10914276,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ColonelShrapnel,"Papers, Please is a minimalistic statement on the nature of humanity. Will you sacrifice the welfare of others for your personal wellbeing? To say any more would be to spoil it: this game is the definition of a 'must buy.'"
76561198003040003,Recommended,239030,10914346,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,"Casanova--Make Love, Not War","great game, very fun for some reason. not sure why."
,Recommended,239030,10914852,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lamar1226,Glory to Arstotzka!!! get game NOW!!! is good game!!P.S. Jorji Costava i <3 you
76561198058514505,Recommended,239030,10916027,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Killreaperz,"Brilliant game, fun, and tense all at once, making you choose between what you tihnk is right and wrong..."
76561198044096844,Recommended,239030,10916436,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pengulolchan,"I have no idea why this game is so fun, you're literally doing paperwork. It's so engaging tho! I wanna know what happens with the terrorists and spy guys...Idk, it's a cool game with a cool concept. Give it a try!"
76561198054029365,Recommended,239030,10937050,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ronil_narayan,I feel like I work in customs after playing this game.....addictive for some reason....
76561198093434792,Recommended,239030,10937242,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,punky brewster,"no, no no no i just cant. just buy the damn game alright. you gotta feel these feels i feel man. this game took me on an emitional trip and its about passport checks. this is some magical stuff man. this game = wow. i give it a 12/3 and some donuts."
,Recommended,239030,10937691,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,aigi.nia,"Don't let the graphics fool you (well, it's an Indie-game, so that's pretty much a given)! This game is awesome in it's own right. You feel immeresed in the given universe immediatley after you start your first day in a border checkpoint. Your job get's harder from day to day (yes, that is possible in a checkpoint), whereas you still have to get enough money to care for your family but accepting and declining the ""right"" persons in the always same time. I cursed a lot, when I wrongly accepted a citizen and got a penalty.... but that's life. I enjoy this game, really much!"
76561198168338046,Recommended,239030,13539669,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nocturnus Red,"I've only played for roughly 40 minutes as I write this, but I can safely say that this is one of the most immersive and depressing gaming experiences I have ever had.You rapidly find yourself pouring over documents and the rulebook, trying to find the lie.  Even when there isn't one.I thought I could get away with not feeding and heating my family for one night.  My son became sick.  Now, the rent rises.  I never imagined that a game so simple in it's appearance and premise could provide this kind of emotional depth."
,Recommended,239030,13298971,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Tapewormlatvia,"A very interesting, challenging, and certainly a unique game. Just get it - you won't be disappointed - trust me!"
,Recommended,239030,13299084,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DEERF,"This ""Games For Change"" Award winning game didn't earn it's honor by luck or by chance.Papers, Please is a relatively basic game set in an 8-bit style, point-and-click game. Working as a border checkpoint guard, you examine the ID and multiple pieces of paperwork that seperates the person standing before you from entry into the Glorious Mother Country. An 8-bit game has never made my anxiety drive nearly as much as this game does. For each person processed means more money earned, more money means a better chance at living in your cold and dank apartment. Terrorists, conspirators, and your higher-ups all bring about challenges and interesting decisions to make regarding your life and whether or not you spend the next day behind bars.This game is addictive and brings a surprising punch to it's rather simple gameplay with an intricate means of participation and rules to follow. It also sports a darker style of humor with the people you process in a contrasting dark setting.9/10"
76561198142182461,Recommended,239030,13443500,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,RIP SLAYER,"great game.  graphics suck  but fun  wish it wouldnt force you to certain decisions  but it is a marvelous concept.  id like to see a current TSA/immigration to US version  with hi res  graphics.  ebola, jihadis, mexicans, cubans, returning visitors  intrusive searches, metal detectors, shoes, xray."
76561198106833854,Recommended,239030,13570606,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Thermidor,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,13563786,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Damon,"Papers, please.Congratulations.The October Labor Lottery is complete.  Your name was pulled.~~~~~~~~~~~~If you feel the need to simulate work or pretend to be what a TSA is suppose to be then this is the game for you.As every day passes you will become mired in more and more red tape giving stipulations and rules for granting access to the glorious Arstotzka.  Just as you feel you adapted to them all, they will change it again and fine you for almost every misstep.All the while you will have immigrants pleading for entry, promising sex, muscles, drugs, and giving bribes.  They will be tugging at your heartstrings for sympathy, 'just this once'.  But...You have your own family to feed and keep warm.  Is it worth the cost?  Are you willing to risk it?Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198077578497,Recommended,239030,13573927,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,auldae,Best job ever.
,Recommended,239030,13590602,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Stephen Paddock,Arstotzka is glorious nation. Kolechia is stupid country. This game captures what it is like to combat the stupid countries.10/10-Would bang-Liek if u cri evrytimGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,13591874,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Knauts,"I was hesitant playing Papers, Please because of the graphics, but I finally played and it's quite interesting. I believe it's a better game not knowing much about it in advance."
,Recommended,239030,13593290,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,evamaria81,"This really should not be so addictive - all you do is drag and drop and click, over and over. Yet once I start up this game, it's sure to be several hours until I manage to tear myself away."
,Recommended,239030,13593467,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Xelecium,"For the detail-oriented, this game is amazing. Don't forget to check if their weight and gender are correct!"
76561197969448553,Recommended,239030,13597168,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tom Sawyer,"Very fun, a great simple game with addicting elements.  It's never going to pull me away from AAA titles but I play the heck out of it on planes and in hotel rooms on my laptop."
,Recommended,239030,18021057,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ValiantDominator,Great game. It tests your natural knowledge and morality.
,Recommended,239030,17932011,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Afternoon Tea,"This game is quite a piece of art! The graphical direction set the tone perfectly, and the messages the developer was trying to get out are clearly there. At first I didn't think I would get into a game that had some kind of political aspect to it, I'm not a real big Social Studies person myself. However, after seeing gameplay, and actually playing this myself, I can asure you that anyone can pick this up and learn easily. If I was given the choice of putting down a 1-5 star rating, I would say this gets a 3.8 on the scale. Although limited, the background, variety of characters, intuitive gameplay and wonderful style add for quite the recipe to turn any topic into something fun!I recommend this game for anyone curious about this whole ""document thriller"" genre or for those just curious enough to pick up and play it!I will be looking forward to Lucas Pope's future works!"
,Recommended,239030,17973475,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,garbage,1234okok
76561198075226604,Recommended,239030,17953100,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,dudehiman,Is yummy to play:  1 Paper/ 1 Paper. Would paper again
,Recommended,239030,17979235,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Capt. Luft,"Goal of the game: Don't let robot Gandhi in your country. But, do let Jorji in, he has earned it. ""Needs more guns and less diplomacy"" - IGN"
76561198199885002,Recommended,239030,18071428,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,sooosa1995,This is my best game of all time!!! Trust me all THIS IS SOOOO MUCH FUN!!! Check a video for in in youtube or whatever to know what is this and then ( buy it ) easy!
,Recommended,239030,18056168,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Howl,My job (at time of writing this) requires me to ID people regularly and I honestly have to say this game is a very accurate representation of ID'ing people. Only it misses the times where they'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and throw packs of chewing gum and other sundries at you just because you dared to obey the law.
76561198039200507,Recommended,239030,18074616,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MaccBackPacker,Yeah so I rejected every F*cker......This is how to control the Muslims.
,Recommended,239030,18073290,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,spook zone,communism simulator 1982
76561198042225361,Recommended,239030,18067670,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,McLoven64,Hungary Simulator
76561198162540041,Recommended,239030,16869145,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SilverOmega01,-Turned away woman coming to see her son-kicked out a desperate man's wife-arrested hundreds of smugglers and forgers- GLORY TO ARTOZKA!10/10 horrible person simulator
,Recommended,239030,17423081,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Scrapper,Try to make it in the big time world of a communist border state with the help of your best friend George Costanza.
,Recommended,239030,17428586,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,elmokiller143,Top down and you gotta be careful with this game or your familys dead or your fired or died or something
,Recommended,239030,17433587,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,eliminator of synagogues,"fun, has a very cool feel to it."
76561198094651333,Recommended,239030,17434349,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,OldeEngland1066,"Hmm, I like this game. Very much. And I recommend it!!! Especially if you are into Communist Eastern European countries and secret police and such. It's very much a puzzle game, and there is a good story mixed in, with quite a few potential endings. I think most of them are premature endings, I have yet to actually beat the game, haha. GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
76561198146551747,Recommended,239030,16852774,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,CAPITALISM,"You may not want to play this, but it is your duty to Arastozka.It is soul chrushing, thought provoking, and not traditionally ""fun"", and this is one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,239030,16855601,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ham,Yes
76561198041316735,Recommended,239030,4739709,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Danny,"I'll admitt I wasnt sure what I was thinking when I bought this game. In fact, I remember being pretty certain I was wasting my money, and judging from the trailer I was about to waste some good money on a glorified Spot The Difference game.Thankfully I was both undeterred and wrong. This game is seriously addictive, with a constantly changing set of rules, reoccuring characters, intense story and high pressure moments that you can only hope to keep up with, rather than prepare for.I find myself more and more these days being sucked into indie games rather than AAA titles, and it's because of games like Papers, Please that this is happening. I'm spending a fraction of my money on a more in-depth story and experience whilst getting something much more replayable. As a result I'm getting much more use of games like this per pound/dollar/euro spent.If you're getting to this stage in your gaming life too, then Papers, Please is perfect for you. Get through the first few beginner days and experience the pressure of all the checks you need to do all whilst attempting to maintain a quota of customers in a day so you can feed your family. And remember: trust no-one!"
,Recommended,239030,11645948,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,🍀Almost Kinda Lucky🍀,"Negative reviews in a nutshell:""I love the game""""It's sooo amazing""""Great game, I just don't think anyone else will like it""I recommend this game because even the negative reviews are mostly positive10/10 Negative Reviewers"
76561198112887211,Recommended,239030,16449543,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cynicaljester,"This game is amazing, an awesome addition to any steam libary out there."
,Recommended,239030,16450293,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Soggy Doggy Wet Pet,It's gud.
76561198056183746,Recommended,239030,16451592,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,madasahatter65,"I just spent 6 hours denying fake people into a fake country so I could feed my fake family whose existence I can only prove because my fake son's drawing is the only decoration in my booth, and I do not regret one minute of it.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,16452837,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fasshouse,I've always wondered what it's like being a virtual♥♥♥♥♥♥as well.20/10
,Recommended,239030,16458065,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Synphix,Never thought doing your job would be so fun.
,Recommended,239030,16459786,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Uh-Oh,"+Interesting, but not really a game in the classical meaning.+Very different.-Not so much a game as it is a psychological experiment.I enjoyed it, but it's not for everyone.I'd give it a 75%"
,Recommended,239030,16460684,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Necrotoxin,"So I decided to take the plunge and go for a job as an immigration officer. At the interview they asked if I had any previous experience with this kind of work, I said well...I've played Papers, Please. Apparently I start tomorrow! This game got me a job - 10/10."
,Recommended,239030,18046324,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Policeman Fuck,Glory to Cobrastan
,Recommended,239030,18040215,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,baudtack,"It sounds terrible, but is actually fantastic."
76561198011604143,Recommended,239030,18047814,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,ScoutMaggs,"Fantastic game, hands down. Lovely art style, great gameplay and thats not even mentioning the moral questions. Do you take a fine to let this mother re-unite with her son? Will you take the money someone left at your door?"
,Recommended,239030,18052497,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,sorryjzargo,This is a unique experience.  I'd suggest playing it multiple times to see all the different ways the details react to what you do.Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,18051088,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Tiny,Amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game like game of the year♥♥♥♥♥♥man this was the 1 game i ever got thats why im in love with this game.
,Recommended,239030,17421824,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Frost,"Make livings of thrilling life of glorious Checkpoint Charlie and of keeping filthy Kolechian dogs out of glorious Arstotska. Yuo of makings Best Grestin a better place, comrade. Glory to Arstotska. Arstotska best."
76561198105383288,Recommended,239030,16911894,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mojo,"Game was fun for a little while, decided to play it for a couple hours."
,Recommended,239030,16311907,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Carahyba ☭,"This game is EXCELENT! Awesome, smart, addicting, funny and has a lot of possible endings! Genial. One of the best indie game I ever played.Graphics - 10/10Sounds - 10/10Music - 10/10Entertaining - 10/10Challenging - 10/10Story - 10/10"
76561198039659064,Recommended,239030,16922619,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Winter_Madness,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,16923482,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,kerebro,"Great indie game, fun and challenging mechanics, nice story.Later levels really make you feel the pressure: make a mistake and you get a warning ticket, get too many tickets and your family will starve or freeze to death. That's cold, man.Also, can't get the theme out of my head. Eternal glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,16884944,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Behemoth.,"It's a great game when you play it the 1st or 2nd time, you can stay playing it for hours, and it's very funny in some points.Anyways it's not random at all, just the gender or the people's portrait, so it's kinda repetitive."
76561198063665904,Recommended,239030,16886215,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Scruffy The Janitor,love how you can decide your own fate you dont have to do the right thing
,Recommended,239030,16890017,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LatinoHeat3454,This game tests your memory...see if you have a good memory or not :D
76561197970318942,Recommended,239030,16890421,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,B8TER-FISTERNATOR,Proves that racial profiling can be fun!
76561198139152051,Recommended,239030,17160989,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,mike.gregory2004,>buys game>1 month later>friend says he wants game>me: shut up and take my money
76561198156433393,Recommended,239030,17473393,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,grunting noise,"It was really fun trying to get all the achievements and all the endings, even though it might seem repetitive - after a while you really get into the rhythm of scanning and stamping and trying to get more done in a shorter amount of time. Was super fun! As someone who isn't really good at games like shooters, MMOs etc this was a really different concept and the mechanics of the game were so special that it can (probably) be picked up and enjoyed by anyone, even if they aren't 'gamers'. Recommended!! :D"
,Recommended,239030,17395922,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Szpw,"This is a unique concept and it's done very well.  You play a border guard of the country Arstotzka, tasked with scanning the documents of various entrants to the country and finding forgeries, criminals and more.  It's very enjoyable, and has a unique dystopian style that I quite enjoy.  It also has an endless mode, so it's replayable even after the story.  I'd recommend this game, especially for the low price.  Glory to Arsotzka."
,Recommended,239030,17696345,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Farradane,"Brilliant, witty, fiendishly addictive. Indie gaming at its best!"
,Recommended,239030,17698964,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,CJJ002,"Delightfully dismal, it's like I'm actually board with the job! (In a good way!)"
,Recommended,239030,17682547,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Mr Spoon,"A morally grey dystopian document-them-up set in a strict communist state. Very engaging, exciting and extremely addictive. Amazing.10 credits/10."
76561198162901034,Recommended,239030,17659142,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,taylorstrain,"Don't be put off by the games idea. While it may not have action or explosions, this is a wonderful game, plain and simple. It starts off simple, but gets suprisingly difficult as it goes, making you wonder things like ""Did I just let in a terrorist?"" and ""Why did he try and make a passport with crayons?"", all the while somehow engrossing you in the politics of this fictional country. This was a wonderful find, and I'd recommend it to anyone who can think slightly outside the box."
,Recommended,239030,17661180,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jason,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick
,Recommended,239030,17665280,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,MLG Turtle (SFM Posters),"When My Brother Told Me To Get This I Was Like ""Heck No"" Then He Convinced Me And Then I Was Like ""Heck Yes!"""
,Recommended,239030,17738817,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,River,"An elegant, fascinating game. Definitely worth spending some time on."
,Recommended,239030,8285764,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,DEXATRONN THE BURNINATOR,One of those games that is unexpectedly stressful and heartbreaking in a very strange way. Not a game you can play for hours on end but if you do it will start to get... intense. Gives me a new appreciation for why customs officers aren't very nice. XD
,Recommended,239030,18448315,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PKOPQ,9/10 — Conceptual gold.
,Recommended,239030,18401201,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,JohnnyTsunami,This game makes me want to kill myself.
76561197960404111,Recommended,239030,20702,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,[CI]Ghost,"This is an oddly engaging game, especially if you're a little OCD and or detail oriented. Recommended!"
,Recommended,239030,18251620,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Drunk Hobo,I made sure no one got in my country...... it cost my family but no one got in.
76561198170173463,Recommended,239030,18235128,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sibrake,Simple Border patrol simulator with Guns...I LOVE IT 10/10
,Recommended,239030,18166887,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,AstuteSilent,"This is a suprisingly addictive game. At first glance, you may see linear gameplay. But it is far from linear. Every day, this game provides you with a challenge and keeps you on your toes with the storyline. It will keep you actively playing due to needing money for your family. Every night, it could get worse. Or every night it could get better, it depends on how fast and well you work. I also want to talk about this game's many hidden gems. It reminds you that although you have a strict job, you are still human. Sacrificing for others just because you felt bad for them. Or maybe, you just wanted the token. Ending this off on a good note, I'd like to mention one more thing. Jorji. Jorji was easily my favorite character in the game. He'd brighten up the day every time he came and gave me a good laugh. Overall, this game may seem simple on the outside. But when you get to playing it, it's a very dynamic and enjoyable game. I highly recommend Papers, Please."
,Recommended,239030,18166647,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jaimie2i,"Great game with simple but compelling mechanics, more depth of story as you start to get into the game, and troubling moral choices that should be less fun to make.Example: man and his wife were political refugees of some kind, fleeing their home country.  I got tasked with examining their papers.  The man's papers were in order, and as he was leaving he told me his wife was behind him in line, and to be nice to her.  His wife shows up, but doesn't have the proper documentation.  I denied her entry because if I let her in, I'd get a citation and not get paid (my own family was starving).  ""Why?"" she pleaded.  ""You've doomed me.""10/10 would doom her again."
76561198319890750,Recommended,239030,26204753,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Louis-Nicolas Davout,Hot
76561197999045600,Recommended,239030,18247069,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,totalgarbage,"What a delightful treat of a game for only ten dollars, though I'm not sure if the term 'delightful' fits well with the game's dreary Cold War environment.You play a border inspector for Arstotzka and you have to determine whether or not an individual should pass the checkpoint.  The game challenges your ability to recognize pattern discrepancies and memorize information, so if you enjoy that sort of thing you should definitely give it a try.  I would say that it isn't the most difficult game I have ever played, but you can unlock Endless Mode after you complete the story for a greater challenge.There are many, many possible endings to the game, and its well-designed save system encourages you to explore all of them.  Most are pretty bleak, which is to be expected considering how crappy your job is, but you can get a few hopeful ones.It's an Indie game with retro graphics, but I liked the gloomy art style.  It looks like Lucas Pope is the sole creator, too, which is very impressive considering how well everything runs.  I think I ran only into one bug (I couldn't pick up a document and had to restart) so that's pretty good.I enjoy dark humor, too, and this game has loads of it.  Those of you who enjoy ""gallows humor"" will probably love this game.  It's certainly one of my favorite Indie titles."
,Recommended,239030,18249137,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Rainsing,I don't like pixel art. And I'm utterly uncomfortable with the pressure the ticking clock gives me. But I recommend it for being innovatively different from any other games I've played.
,Recommended,239030,18238621,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Milhouz,Papers please is an awesome quick pick up and play game. It is menial but challenging. I would rate the game a 7/10 as it can get pretty repetitive especially after you have been playing a while.
,Recommended,239030,18254827,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jrgtwo,Very Entertaining. Not sure why but working a mundane job for days while my family slowly dies off was very peaceful.
,Recommended,239030,18021577,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Raptor,A fun game with a story you will twist.8.1/10
,Recommended,239030,18033771,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,「ORENJI☆KUN」,Best immigration simulator especially if you live in Europe
,Recommended,239030,17797221,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Professor Swag PhD,One of the hadest games I have ever played. Try to get a perfect record.
,Recommended,239030,890163,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Bravado,This game is all that's good about indies.
,Recommended,239030,17540458,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Thot Slayer,"""Maybe things get too sexy in here."" - Jorji Costava, 19829 out of 11"
76561198113579934,Recommended,239030,17541648,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Daddy Walrus,Hate youre job well this game will make you like it
76561198162805759,Recommended,239030,18125356,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,catthe5,It a great game its fun and hard trying to do it Ilove that there a posableity of 20 endings but I really wish for more time in the day so you can get more people and lower the rent.
76561198057464120,Recommended,239030,18125513,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TheLeadHound,This game is exactly what I expected which is great because I expected something great. It's a marvolous example of engagement that does not rely on simple mided fun. Play this if you are looking for a different type of point and click game.
,Recommended,239030,18137730,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DownTownClown,Depressed life simulator.
76561198040557245,Recommended,239030,18143748,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MTC36,"Me: ""I'm afraid this document has expired.""Migrant: ""Check again.""Me: ""Just a moment.""*detains*8.7/10"
,Recommended,239030,18153587,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Aqua Bunny,"This game is super simple and fun, for a reading simulator.  10/10 would recommend"
76561198132234575,Recommended,239030,18093043,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Jumala ukkonen aka saatana,"harder than i thought, i like it"
76561198157329578,Recommended,239030,18104339,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SquirrelMan7,"Ok. This game is very populer and i love indie games so i had to give a shot. Now it is a good game with a story and that sinc u have a family u need money wich makes brides and other things come to play for a actual reason. Story is alright. The graphics, well u saw the pics so i dont care about the grapchis when it comes to indie games. Dont be a graphics dude and buy games for its grapics cus honestly the best games that i have played just happen to have poor grapics and there indies. Now the gameplay is exaclty what it says. You get papers u look for unmatched data, if u find somthing wrong u have to interagte them and if it wrong u can detain or deny there passport or they may offer u a bribe. Now the game is fun in the beggining but after awhile it gets boring. Yes there are chages to the rules and events but your still stamping papers. Yes thats main object of the game but it does get boring. Its literally like the job. Its fun for some people who dont like all the action and fake stuff. This is more calm and mature. My problem is the game is 10.00 They have to make money but it just doesnt seem worth that. If your going to BUY this game i RECOMEND waiting for a SALE."
,Recommended,239030,10664970,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Smartguy725,Passport required to play.
76561198072139436,Recommended,239030,20839711,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,tungsten159,"I love the way the game works, the small but amazing story. Above all the themes, i learned them all on piano. :glory::glory::glory::glory::glory:"
,Recommended,239030,20837560,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,dovahkiinkulaas,Simply addicting
76561198272855295,Recommended,239030,20828619,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,daryl.ashe1990,"great game to play, actually got the game after watching youtuber jacksepticeye playing this!!! :Dhighly reccomend this game to others, great fun to play if you have nothing to do definately get this game!!!"
,Recommended,239030,20838627,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,The Prussian Pigeon,GLORY TO ARSTOZKA
76561198234802616,Recommended,239030,20860691,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,HighlanderStars,"*Really Hot Woman comes in and give me passport**Passport says woman is man**Search button appears*Me: What does this button do?*Picture says woman is man*Me: Oh, I'm gay now. Huh."
,Recommended,239030,20826611,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,heliuz,This game is really fun and difficult! 9/10Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198229577596,Recommended,239030,20826735,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Xantall,A fun time killer that makes you pay attention to detail. The side story is interesting but slightly expected but with multiple endings differently worth a replay.
76561198260938644,Recommended,239030,20826004,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Frodo,"Excellent game! You really need to keep your eyes peeled, your family healthy and your country proud. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198100736332,Recommended,239030,20833895,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,✠ Blitz Todkrieg ✠,Pretty fun game WARNING: if you do not like slow games DONT GET THIS ut any way it is really fun favorite charecter photato man
76561197968946738,Recommended,239030,20834156,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Suma_ket,"Fun little game, that will eat time like skittles !!A lot to do, a lot to master, cheap, fun : GREEN LIGHT"
76561198101071927,Recommended,239030,20830299,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,monobrony,The beauty is in its simplicity.
,Recommended,239030,20827711,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,crikal,This game is a lot of fun with 20 possible endings. It is a quick download and a great way to just relax with a game.
76561198164514286,Recommended,239030,20731118,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Putin,one of the best indie games out there.9/10
76561198131372399,Recommended,239030,20733781,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,josephtoner2000,"I never thought a game would turn me into Donald Trump, join a secret organization and then leave my family behind as a wanted criminal. Well done Papers Please.10/10"
76561198150469791,Recommended,239030,20736171,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,cookafrag,"I was pretty skeptical actually about how fun this game was going to be, but I proved myself wrong. This is a fantastic game, and despite its mundane look and feel, it will definitely hook you for hours."
76561198259573492,Recommended,239030,20719678,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bossumness,I absolutly LOVE this game
,Recommended,239030,20719892,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Vancoor,"A wonderful game! It has its own little funny kinks.When you first start out, your going to let a LOT of the wrong people in, and your family will most likely die... But as you play more and more, you will learn what you need to look for and will get better at looking for those things. So you may have to go through the story a few times. Also, a heads up, if someone seems like they have a special story, don't be afraid to consider looking the other way.This game is amazing and is totally worth at least a try. 10/10, I see nothing wrong with this game."
,Recommended,239030,20668845,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Loudross,A darkly addictive game that really makes you feel like a terrible person in the greatest way possible.
,Recommended,239030,20682163,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ludwik the Crit Magnet,"- Let [name]'s girlfriend into the country even when papers weren't in order on first run; didn't save [name] in time next day. Continues game with a heavy heart of remorse.- Does the same thing on second run, but managed to save [name]; finds out he'll no longer be stationed at the checkpoint and it's the last I'll see him. Cries for the rest of the game.It's easy for me to get sucked into the gameplay, as you're trying to process as many people and as perfectly possible so you can earn enough to support your family. You'll find your morals being questioned many times throughout the game - a couple wants to escape the horror of their home country together but one of them doesn't have the proper documents?What do you do?Deny her and be a dutiful officer of Arstozka in exchange for pathetic wages, but at the expense of a human life and the couple's happiness?Let her in at your expense of getting a citation, which could possibly lead to your having debts to your country and causing the downhill slide of your family?Highly recommended. After all, nothing feels better than yelling ""DETAAAAAAINED!"" when papers aren't in order."
,Recommended,239030,30570145,Posted: 17 March,all,XNyst,Best  Game for year.
76561198026196208,Recommended,239030,18750840,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Vanderlay,great
76561198272103913,Recommended,239030,30584696,Posted: 17 March,all,Zarabash,It is good
,Recommended,239030,18734375,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,✪ Paczkowsky <333,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥! :D
,Recommended,239030,18737757,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gattsu,"Peppers? I don't have any peppers, Barry."
76561198084924469,Recommended,239030,18781778,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Good Bye,Just an all around amazing game
76561198041469488,Recommended,239030,18809204,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sanctified,"This is a super addictive game where your attention to detail and a mind set of 'Not my problem' will either get you far... or get you arrested. I've ""unlocked"" 3 different endings after stamping I don't know how many different passports and harping at my monitor about these people wandering in my booth without proper papers, mislabeled dates, and other things ""they don't know anything about"".The best part? Detaining everyone I could. And the bittersweet hilarity of watching my family die because my job doesn't pay enough to feed them, keep them warm, and provide meds.Also, screw Kolechia.It's a great game, but only if you like ""puzzle-esque"" games that you can involve yourself in. Put yourself in the character and enjoy the challenge. I love it."
,Recommended,239030,16871372,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,aviationcomputer,Great game and Great story. Easy and fun to play. Would recommend
76561198001981956,Recommended,239030,12274678,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Musashidan,"GLORY TO ARISTOKA FELLOW ARISTOKANS!  Check papers for much money, and many terrorist threats!"
76561198003574243,Recommended,239030,12286137,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,大牛,"A game no one thought they wanted, but everyone should try. A great experience."
76561198047447877,Recommended,239030,10633530,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ButteryCocoa,"This game is interesting and novel. Its fun for a few hours, but for 10$ I can't really recommend it. Part of my frustration is the lack of new content. The game feels like it was never fleshed out or finished."
,Recommended,239030,12289710,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Finlandês Voador,"The great Arstotzka welcomes everyone, but dirty Kolechian scum is denied, glory to Arstotzka, make no trouble."
76561197989921770,Recommended,239030,12420214,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Phoenix,yes there were papers
,Recommended,239030,12421348,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,dirty mongoloid,"""Ok, I come back tomorrow""10/10"
76561198049989110,Recommended,239030,12422953,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wisardi,Excelent way to pass your time:)
,Recommended,239030,9539339,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kachecito,"This game is as simple as its title. You are some guy in a border checkpoint who must check people's papers before letting them through.Does it sound entertaining?Not at allIs it?More than you could ever imagine.The game is great and yet so simple. The story is gripping, and much more absorbing that you could ever give a game like this credit for. The gameplay is entertaining and challenging. Simply put, it is a piece of art."
,Recommended,239030,7302070,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,XavierArmstrong,This game is very addicting and surprisingly good. You shall be amazed at how looking over documents is extreamly entertaining.
,Recommended,239030,12429294,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ben Dover,okay THIS GAME is the holy grail of drama even if you love shooters this game is still for you the drama is you must approve and deni visas at the border of the comunist country aratstozka while also having to raise enough money to feed and warm your family and get medicine if they are ill while also getting caught in the middle of conspirices or choosing to let in the terrorist who keeps paying you 1000 dollars each day or burn that money and deny him putting your familys lifes in dangerbut keeping your job intact there are 20 endings to the game and ive only gotten 3 one i end up in prision two i end up in prision three i dont disarm a bomb correctly and i die so yeah lots of random and  karmatic choices so over all GET.....THIS.......GAME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,12431250,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,whoppy machine broke,"I honestly have no idea how it does it, but this game is probably one of the best I've ever played. Incredibly simple, so small that it downloaded on dial-up internet in three minutes, and absolutely brilliant. Despite the fact that your working a deadpan, repetitive job, in a world where everything seems to be ruled by a communist government, with a colour palette that's as bland as the inside of a public school. Yet despite how awfully dreadful the game seems as a concept, it's incredibly engaging. With multiple story paths, excellent game mechanics, a visual setting and soundtrack that creates the perfect atmosphere, ""Papers, Please"" has the highest replay value of anything I've ever gotten my hands on and will forever remain in my list of favourite games."
,Recommended,239030,12432250,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,mantou boy,the only game that grants you the authority to uncensored body scannings10/10
76561198036749201,Recommended,239030,13872593,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mr Plainview,"Papers please son!  There I was  almost at the end of my shift when some hobo shows up with a piece of cardboard with his name written on it in marker.  OH NO YOU DIDN""T FOOL!!  This ain't no passport!  Sent that riff raff back to the streets whence he came.Some lady shows up with improper papers and talking about she can't go back or they'll kill her, blah, blah, blah.  PAPERS PLEASE LADY!!  I ain't got time for those excuses.  They dock my pay if I let you in without proper papers.  I got to buy meds for my family and food as well.  I can't afford that if they dock my pay.  Lady you got to go!  Papers please!Then some daft Spring-Heel Jack wannabe tries to jump over the border fence and make a run for it.  OH HELL NO, YOU DOPEY JIVE MUTHERF$&@ER, YOU AIN""T GETTING INTO GLORIOUS ARSTOTZKA THAT WAY!!!!  So I took out my government issue rifle and shot that fool.  Then some gold chain wearing pimp came along and gave that fool the proper  pity they deserved.Ah well just another busy day in the life of an immigration officer working for the glory of Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,13874888,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,katslof,"This game may be depressing at times, yet I still come back to it. The graphics are very simple but it doesn't take away from its ""charm."" The game asks multiple tasks from you, getting progressively more difficult as your go through your days. The aspect I enjoy most is the end where you get paid little and thus have to determine what is more valuable to you: staying healthy, having food, or having shelter."
76561198032401973,Recommended,239030,13861909,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Violinemia,"Don't feel much like playing a videogame but rather a documentary. Quite intense at times, with the moral dilemma you have to continuously choose.Recommend for those who want a new experience of playing a documentary game."
76561197971773275,Recommended,239030,13685095,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,marco,"Smart, funny and addictive.Long live Arstotzka !"
,Recommended,239030,13864671,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,WhatF*ckRP,"The game is 2D and your controls and the things you can do are quite limited: check passenger's papers (passports) and decide whether or not they should be allowed in.However there are twists and stories here, and the actions you take towards different people(especially those from a group that's trying to overthrow the government)can change the length of the gameplay and the endings (there are 20 different endings).Recommended for short-term fun and exploration. Buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,239030,13865735,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Meomancer,"Glory to Arstotzka~~Love this game, need my concentration for doing inspection, because i don't want to lose a ot of money and need class-3 apartement to live with my family....I don't want to be bribed, but i have to do it for survival.....me : ""where is your entry permits""man : ""oh, here. I forgot""giving me entry permits. i check the name, date issue, place issue, identity supplement, reason and time in arstotzka.me : ""it's fine. your data are all valid and correct. you are permitted to pass""""cause no trouble, and glory to arstotzka""when the man has passed....ckckckckck....""invalid gender issue"""
76561197971748711,Recommended,239030,13896023,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Guepardian,"I was intrigued by the game's premise and decided to give it a try. Simple graphics but fairly intuitive interface and a short curve for learning and figuring out small tricks to make your life easier.As with all bureucracy, you are dealing with targets of how many people you process in a day, which impacts your salary and your ability to take care of your family. Almost every day, the ministries involved will give out new guidelines and moving around existing ones to make your life a bit more...interesting. And if you mess up, you get a citation. Get too many, and its a game over.After a few tryout sessions, I decided to give the game a proper go. As I progressed through the days, stressing over making sure I made no mistakes and remembering the new guidelines while making sure I reached my targets for each day, I came to a crushing realisation: I was playing a game that is effectively identical to my day job, one I hated so much.Sullen with the sudden revelation, I turned the game off and never played again, feeling my soul die just a little more.Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,239030,13897927,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TheSportsNerd14,Overall fun game
,Recommended,239030,13902762,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Janson,"This game, with such a simple idea and concept includes details that I never thought I would see in a game like this. It combines realistic scenarios of a dystopian universe, emotional and tedious series of events and ultimately, sacrifices that you will regret but cherish at the same time. I never thought I would ever get my hands on such an incredible but mostly extremely fascinating game.GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA"
76561198029236755,Recommended,239030,13854803,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DragonIroh,"Have you ever wondered what it must feel like to have people curse you out, attempt to coerce you, bribe you and threaten you, then go home to your shoddy apartment only to find that you didn't make enough money to feed your family, or buy the medicine your child so desperately needs?WELL THEN YOU'RE IN LUCK!!!!This game is a true exploration of what a video game can achieve. Video games aren't all about fantasy, war, dragons, magic and monsters. Papers, Please proves that this medium is limitless. In Papers, Please, you are put in the shoes of a border control agent in the fictional soviet country of Arstotzka, where you are charged with either allowing or denying access of your great country to foreigners and citizens alike, based on an ever-shifting policy handed down to you each morning. You must check backgrounds, passoports, work visas, and make sure everything matches up. But be quick, because you only have so many hours a day and you get paid per customer, and if you try to rush it, you might mess up and cause the poor woman who came through before to be murdered by the man you should have just denied access...You get the point. This game is an amazing study of the human condition and a harrowing insight to one poor man's life in Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,13858906,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,RatCatcher,"Gem. Addictive. I knew few things about the game before I bought it but my first impression was like: damn, did I pay for THIS? And then I started to realize how deep and twisted it is. Looks like made in 80's. And that even makes immersion better. There are 20 endings so the game might be played over and over again. Totally recommend."
76561198107910927,Recommended,239030,13903145,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kim Jong Gibby,"The title itself is just so polite, 9/2 Putins"
,Recommended,239030,13881972,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ArcticDuck,"Good game and really unique concept. I am sure many people will get hours of entertainment from it, but I did find my self not really compelled to keep playing but thats just me."
,Recommended,239030,13923503,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,-cyNix-,"I really don't know if I should recommend this game.It is a perfect representation of how the immigrations of any country feels like; dry and boring. Yet, this game poses to you moral issues that test your moral values, and at the same time your integrity. It makes you reflect that you actually have the power to define their destiny. What happens to their lives as they leave your little workspace is ultimately determined by your decision.Do you deny entry to a person whose relative you just approved because of a one-month expired passport? Do you help a refugee who is to be excuted in their home country, but has no valid visa? Do you detain a person who claims they changed their name but is not reflected in your country's records? How about that repeat offender who keeps coming to you with drugs on him? Do you let him go after the third time, or detain him?I swear I didn't blink for 20 minutes straight at one point, making sure details were correct before giving my verdict. If you like games that challenge you to stay focused/awake and check for discrepancies, this game is perfect for you. Forget 'spot-the-difference' picture games, this will make you feel more accomplished than ever.Overall, 6.5/10. Get it on a sale."
,Recommended,239030,13926020,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,EpicCreeperSlayer,HmM
76561198047510746,Recommended,239030,13930724,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,John Doe,Perfect.
,Recommended,239030,13932194,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Bowling Ball,Awesome game. 9/10
,Recommended,239030,13339456,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,robertthescott,"It's funny--in the age of ultra-realistic graphics and sprawling even-the-kitchen-seek AAA titles, the games I remember most are often the games where I can do the least.Here, you see people at a checkpoint, then try to keep your family fed and warm at home. People might invite you to post-workplace events ranging from the sordid to the friendly, but you don't go there. They might claim to have interesting lives, but you don't know for sure if you're lying. All you know is the documents they have, the stories they tell, and the regulations that dominate everyone's lives.Strangely enough, I found myself loving this game's side characters, precisely because I had to imagine their lives, and also because their lives are so obviously more interesting than the task of comparing yet another passport number to yet another government-issued ID.This isn't the most fun of gameplay (though, despite its similarities to a rather sub-par desk job, the gameplay is strangely hypnotic and relaxing.) But it's a fascinating narrative exercise, and experiment in empathy.I got to the end of the game once after a few hours of gameplay, and I may not re-play it. But I also can't imagine forgetting it. This is an interesting little restrained story of the game."
76561198071494720,Recommended,239030,13374830,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Elexanikth,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198125855889,Recommended,239030,13375324,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,狼,Great fun but im mostly being a jerk to people and just always decline them and lose alot of money
,Recommended,239030,15457349,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,FluttershyRocks,"The balance between friends, family, and people in stress all combined in a game.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,15680494,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Abusive Terry,Hardest job I've ever had
,Recommended,239030,15770546,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Night Owl,Glory to Arstotzka
76561197960810145,Recommended,239030,16803526,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HachiRokuMack,good
76561198162699453,Recommended,239030,16740375,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Saiga Man,"Papers, Please is a simply amazing game, that really gives you a feel of the emotional toll of working at a horrible place like that. It's very intense, grim and realistic, and criminally underrated. This is one of the most amazing games I have ever played, probably my third favourite game of all time (the top 2 being Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and The Walking Dead)."
,Recommended,239030,16490635,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Digital,"Yes, it's a game about being a guy checking papers at a border crossing.Yes, I know that sounds stupid.But somehow it's a damn fun game."
,Recommended,239030,16418899,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,mapfap,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,16753228,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,StaticHunter,"For me, buying this game was based on having watched someone else play it, and I thought I could do better. So I bought it, and discovered that this game took something that is probably mind numbing and made it something fun. What you do is look through the documents presented by every immigrant. If everything is in order, you can pass them through the checkpoint. If something is wrong, they either go back to where they came from, or find how comfortable a jail cell is.In my opinion, endless mode is where you really want to play the game if you like it. 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,16755650,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,cleoholic,"I first played this when it was still beta.My brother told me that it was boring and it made him sleepy (we really did fell asleep)Personally, I enjoyed the game and couldnt wait for the alpha.I was kinda disappointed, because of expectations not happening. I wouldnt say it was not great because it is.Overall, I recommend this to gamers who likes to play casual yet strategic games.If you're like my brother who likes action games then maybe you'd really find this boring like him.It is really addictive even if its sometimes repetitve.And when time you thought it was repetitive, its not. IT'll give you another challenge.Price:I think you should wait if its on sale, even at least -30%"
,Recommended,239030,7382928,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,bos potrock,A fun and saddening game of choices and border patrol in this Eastern European Document Thriller by Lucas Pope.
,Recommended,239030,16619775,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jetmann,"Didn't have anime girls, but it was dank, nonetheless."
,Recommended,239030,16623175,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jeichi,Another good game however I can get boring doing the same thing over and over... However if you can imagine yourself working for the UK controling immigration or somthing then this is the game for you.
76561197972888061,Recommended,239030,16684647,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Talos,I personally absolutely love this game.  The only nightmare is if you play it too much before you go to bed... you may be stuck in a reoccuring dream of stamping passports.  It's also educational for how some other parts of the world REALLY are.
76561198045988146,Recommended,239030,16689810,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Owlhyzo,"Great game! Fun for the player that loves to find out what it is like to be a guy in a booth letting people pass or bugger off to the place they came from, fun game that is 2D and made of pixels, favorite games are pixel games. Only a few bucks you should buy it!"
,Recommended,239030,21312756,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,_Yunλrukmi™,A great game! A game that shows how hard inspectors at airports work and the stress of making sure no terrorists pass the border!
76561198061792252,Recommended,239030,16901544,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Darkhal,"First day, Artotzka decided that i'll be working on the border, i hope it's not the beggining of a very cruel life out there.Third day, I can't let every people that ask me nicely if they can pass, pass, or i won't gain money, worse, i will lose some, and i am already in debt.End of the fifth day, i didn't had enough to feed everybody, i decided to let my uncle and my aunt die in order to save my kid and my women.Tenth day, i don't feel good about helping thoses guys, but i'm craving for money.Fourteenth day, an inspector came, i hope he won't understand who i've been with.20th day, my wife died today. I must save my kid, even if it is the last thing i do.Twentyseventh day, i don't have a passport anymore, what will i do ? Who will help ? I didn't helped people out there, nobody will come for me. it's all over.30th day, glory to Artotzka.End of entries since this day."
,Recommended,239030,21288684,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Skeleninja,This is a great game! I liked the 3 endings I was able to get so far. This game can get sad when you have to deny people to avoid getting a citation. Especally at the end when you---- I won't spoil it just play the game for youself and see.
,Recommended,239030,21279567,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,egg,"Best game,get it 100% worth the money i would even pay more."
76561197991306990,Recommended,239030,21285379,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,samsonite789,"This game is deceptively fun.  You'd think that playing a border inspection agent would be boring, but the game manages to take what's boring about that role and turn it into a riveting, immersive drama that puts you in a veritable pressure cooker as you are faced with difficult choice after difficult choice.  The gameplay is fun, the music is great, the story is emergent and deftly told, and the general concept of the game is just wonderful.I'd recommend this game to anyone.  Get it!"
,Recommended,239030,21283484,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SoraDominique,I do not remember how I saw this game on Youtube.Not kidding I buy it after seeing a video.Then I'm an addict to this game.I don't really like the graphics but at the same time I love it.10/10 would completly recommend that game.
,Recommended,239030,21286895,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MasterOfBlades[T3S],ITS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD YOU JUST GOTA GET IT FOR THE MONEY YOU GET LOOODDS OF FUN FUN FUN
76561198132812456,Recommended,239030,21263363,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captanegan,A goddamn classic!
,Recommended,239030,21265673,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CroutonOfDEATH,
,Recommended,239030,21216931,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ched One,"Game is great, i got ending 4 out of 20 which made the game end on day 15, but can run upto 31 days. It's very fun to play and is good to make your own decisions."
76561198156697535,Recommended,239030,21217843,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Adam23,Great game to play! So easy to get into and play for hours.
,Recommended,239030,21252953,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,davidmoralesmojica,"A very original game where you are in charge of the frontier of a soviet country, controlling papers of immigrants.There is a story that you follow while playing.The game is simple, although the mechanics get complex when advancing in the story."
,Recommended,239030,17462593,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,fartaspa,"oh my god....This is the game of life like the poor Inspector, who after winning a lottery, his life is in ruins.10/10 recommended"
,Recommended,239030,21246744,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,panic,w
,Recommended,239030,21244064,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ZKtheMAN,"A great game with great story that delivers its point well.Papers, Please is a game where you play the role of a border checkpoint inspector in a Communist dictatorship. It's your job to inspect everybody's paperwork, making sure there are no discrepancies, while dealing with managing family finances and supporting your family of five, dealing with terrorist attacks, a shadowy organization that plans to overthrow the government, and constantly,CONSTANTLYchanging rules. The game ramps up the paperwork as it goes on, and it gets increasingly difficult to deal with it all, but the skilled will be rewarded with more money to help you live. Additionally, the game puts several different choices to you, all revolving around loyalty to your country, loyalty to yourself, loyalty to said shadowy organization, or loyalty to what's right, and it's up to you to choose what you think is right.At the end of the day, it's a 9/10 from me."
76561198007883003,Recommended,239030,21242679,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tjopper,"A little gem of a game. Low replayability, but 10 to 20 hours of fun. There's a lot more to it than stamping passports. Get this game."
76561198066881017,Recommended,239030,21240586,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AnimalLecter,simple but great game. a good challenge
,Recommended,239030,21230525,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Vezi,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198258266658,Recommended,239030,23856836,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MR.KISSE,i think this games is really good game this has good sounds and jacksepticeye loves this game
76561198071370130,Recommended,239030,12443204,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,go84,excellent
,Recommended,239030,12451227,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,☥ Exodia ☥,You win the worlds worst lottery and have to stamp papers 10/10 Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,10932332,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Soul Sojourner,"Think that this game looks aged and dumb? That the graphics blow and the actual gameplay looks more like work than play?Forget everything you think you know.Add it to your cart, purchase, install, and play. Right now. Forget that you ever thought anything other admiration for this game.Kick the spouse and/or any mates out of the room, shoo away your kids, and silence your pets. Once you're playing this you're not going to be able to pay any attention to any of them anyway. Besides, you're concentrating.You're in control of the border to Arstotzka. Your job is to process as many people in a day as possible, check their papers, and make sure that everything is in order and up to code. If all looks good, then they're allowed in. If not, you have the right to yell aloud ""DENIED!"" Then you get to press a big red stamp on their passport and essentially tell them to♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Unless, of course, they're a criminal or trying to conceal some sort of contraband. Even better! ""DETAIN!"" The more people you process, the more money you make. Your family is relying on you for income, and it's up to you to provide for them, or not? Tell them to fend for themselves, shut their heat off, and leave them cold and hungry. If you're good enough, you can even upgrade your dwelling to a much higher class. Maybe one more fitting of an upstanding citizen such as yourself.Arstotzka depends on you to keep the riff-raff out. Better get to it.Bonus: This game fights Alzheimer's disease. (not proven) ;P"
76561198095034211,Recommended,239030,11764864,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Conman655,"An excellent game set in a distopian society. It manages to be humerous, challenging and engaging through out with a story line that has numerous choices that will effect when and how your story ends. Great game."
,Recommended,239030,11766017,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mornisil,"A very interesting, but good portrayal of how communism worked in 80's Europe."
,Recommended,239030,11752981,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Daimos_,"This game is a must-play. You can pick it up at any price, I almost feel bad for buying it in a sale.'Papers, please' has a phenomenal atmosphere, a gripping, branching story that let's you get a feeling for being a small cog in a hellish machinery. The gameplay is well executed from simple to demandingly complex and introduces new elements continously right up to the last minute.It's awesome."
,Recommended,239030,11758091,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Kim Jong-Ben,"Fun game, lets me live the dream of being imigration inforcment in a distopian state. Strangely addictive."
,Recommended,239030,5713827,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,pizzalogic,Me papers
,Recommended,239030,11760211,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,fixedgerald,"Great game, verry fun and original."
76561197995572451,Recommended,239030,11762096,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Super Nova,A great gaming experience. It has an amazing story and is nailbitingly stressful when it needs to be!
,Recommended,239030,11693466,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,shutupfox,"The best part about this game is the leveling system. It will be copied by all studios going forward. If you thought the prequel was great, you'll love this one too!"
76561198031904828,Recommended,239030,11694324,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Glastium,Must-buy game of the year.
,Recommended,239030,11695331,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Wilhelmus van Potato,You win labour lottery to get 1/8 decent job. You work for Arstotzka. Do not betray. Glory to Arstozka.
76561198139036850,Recommended,239030,11667493,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Owlyy,"Surprisingly addictive, better get it while it's on sale!"
76561198063072662,Recommended,239030,11667624,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,LuciusTheBat,"What is there to say about Papers, Please that already hasn't been seen. After a long hiatus due to computer issues and interest waning because I got discouraged due to how poor I did at it the first time. But coming back to the game since February I have to say that I would recommend this game to anyone I know. With the pixelart style visuals it allows for genuine character interactment and moments that challenge you to be a good person or to take care of your family where most games that have moral choices fall flat Papers, Please is a shining example of a game that makes moral choices actually work.This game has my 100 percent recommendation."
,Recommended,239030,11668260,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,shlizark,"I have not played much, but i love this game so far! The feel of the game (heavy soundtrack, depressing color scheme) gives the player a feeling of despair."
,Recommended,239030,11671075,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,mattb5g,"This game is hard to classify. It's got elements of a puzzle game, a management simulator, and a mystery game all set against the backdrop of daily life in a cold war-era checkpoint. A lot of fun to play - easy to learn but still offers a good challenge and has excellent replay value."
,Recommended,239030,11072376,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,RoleplayeR,"This game is ridiculous, yet very unique and entertaining.Glory to the New Arstotzka! :D"
,Recommended,239030,11687578,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,rich,"This game is just a bit odd- odd in the fact that it should be really boring but it isn't. It grips you with the struggles of a fictional country and fictional people. An awesome game, great value. Would recommend it completely.Astotzka welcomes you, but entry is not guaranteed."
76561198097510320,Recommended,239030,11674674,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Maximus,"This game uses its mechanics to progress the story in a genius way that you choose to to make an illegal decision, an amazingly crafted game even though the main thing you do is green stamp or red stamp."
76561198027757327,Recommended,239030,11675415,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,rjelliott1977,Is good! Glory to Aratoszka!
,Recommended,239030,11678669,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Lucifer_22,"Everything about this game is awesome; the music, the graphics, the gameplay, the conversations and the moral tests. As an immigration officer, you will decide whether to grant access to someone trying to escape their country to avoid death or follow the rules and give the red mark. Highly recommend this game to everyone, especially indie gamers."
,Recommended,239030,11741653,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Di,"For a game that has very simple mechanisms, Papers, Please has a very engaging storyline and offers just enough pressure in levels to keep you on your toes. Love it. I've completed two endings so far, but will be back to try for a third!"
,Recommended,239030,11742032,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,workonthestreet,"Excellent, very tongue-in-cheek Cold War era game."
76561198041010607,Recommended,239030,7386290,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,alex,Un excellent jeu indépendant qui pourrait être sponsorisé par le front national.
76561198043780017,Recommended,239030,11719484,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kraines NMSD,"If you want a unique experience, this is definitely the game for you. Though there is not as much quick event actoin going on, you, being the border control agent deciding who is and isn't allowed into your country, faced with the moral choices of doing your job properly so you can pay the bills to keep your family alive versus allowing battered women with bad paperwork escape their pimps or saving political prisoners escaping an enemy nation, aren't exactly calm. You have to do everything perfectly or your superiors will simply fine you or, worse yet, fire you for incompetence, leaving you and your family to starve. Still, if you tick off the wrong people, they may not have any gripes with simply blowing up the border in search of better lives, regardless of your possible death. This game creates such a specially stressful environment when you play it that there isn't quite anything else like it, and nothing else that is as satisfying. It's not totally possible to convey the correct level of worry you get from playing this game, and, as such, I definitely recommend it to anyone interested in experiencing a game that isn't like anything else out there."
,Recommended,239030,11609261,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kyle,this is an amazing game :D
,Recommended,239030,11733245,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Dnaecrifmn,"8/10 really interesting game where it may not feel like it right then but just about every decision matters, some peopel might not like the gameplay mechanics with the constant checking but I thought they were cool.  It may not feel like a very involving game but the realizations of what the consequences might be for every deinal, approval, or detainment draw you in."
,Recommended,239030,11733502,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,flucatuorto,"Never would have expected a game about paper pushing and fact checking to have pulled me in like Papers, Please did. Vry creative and unique gameplay that kept me hooked for hours. Definite replay value."
76561198136181632,Recommended,239030,11734393,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,manharpymarpy,"love this game! My roommate asked if you were just a bordersman, but it feels like a lot more than that. There's goverment conspiracies, romance, disease, and terrorists! These things and a bunch more make up your job, and how you decide what to do with it- are you going to stand up to your corrupt government, or be corrupted by it in order to protect your family? Each day involves a hard decision, as well as the learning curve as the papers get more complex that just a passport, if the border crossers even have those.I haven't beaten it yet, but I love it so far and I think about how well I need to do next time, every time i'm not playing it. love this game"
76561198049963716,Recommended,239030,11491067,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Jammey,i feel like im a nazi finding out who's a jew and who's german11/10
,Recommended,239030,3907118,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Tian,"Great game! If someone needs code for endless mode, here it is: 62131"
76561198079593816,Recommended,239030,11495976,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,MasterShen,"This game is excellent.It has a great plot, the gameplay is simple yet sometimes rageworthy, the decisions you make are vital and it is all round a masterpiece.10/10"
76561198046450971,Recommended,239030,11496745,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,rapagehoez,"This game is fun if you consider clerical duties fun.  Attention to detail is massively important.  KGB keeps killing everyone in my family.  Well, not everyone.  My wife died because my heater went out and she got sick and I couldn't afford a repairman or medicine because I'm terrible at my job of being a border guard.  I dunno.  It's not NOT fun.  But it's not super fun?"
76561198118726918,Recommended,239030,11497642,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,It's allright
,Recommended,239030,11709931,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Jetfrog28,"This game deals with morals, interpretation speed and accuracy, and quick decision making. It creates an incredible distopian experience, clearly using lots of research to come up with the fictional names, places, and objects. You are a checkpoint officer deciding who gets to go through into Arstotzoka, your communist nation. You must follow the rules set by your superiors regarding who to let through, or you will get a pay reduction. If you don't make enough to support your family, they die. End of story.  I thought it was boring at first, but kept playing for some reason I can't explain. Now I'm hooked. You can choose a lot of things throughout the game, such as joining The Order of Ezic to bring a new uprising against Arstotzoka, accepting bribes, or saving lives of those without proper documents. It is a very well executed game, with no bugs that I've found.That being said, it's a game about checking documents. You do very little else. Later on, there are a few more things, but it is still primarily about reading and comparing. If you would rather spend your money on an action game, do. If you don't think you' like this game, you probably won't. It requires patience, meticulous reading, and a rather large time investment.I would recommend this game, but use your own discretion aswell. It's targetted at a very specific audience, and you may find it monotonous and boring. I however, really enjoyed this game. It isn't all about reflexes and lucky headshots. It requires skill, and it isn't aimed at a very large audience. It is flawlessly executed, with what I think is an excellent art scheme, if it is a bit simple. 8/10."
,Recommended,239030,2545455,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Talvy,"It isn't just a game about stamping papers. It's a game that puts you in situations where you need to decide between what is right, what is loyal, what is risky and what is worth it.Will you let his poor wife pass without a permit? Will you pass this suspicious message forward? Will you let this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ through anyways?Could this get me in trouble? Could that cause a terrorist strike? Is it worth the warning I get?As the borders' rules become tighter and tighter, you have more work and mistakes happen if you don't pay attention.The game has a story, and it's ending depends on the choices you make, so think carefully.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,15554221,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,L $ D,"Amazing game,really good story,really nice gameplay,20 endings....great!"
,Recommended,239030,15554872,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Saul Goodman,Nice Game
,Recommended,239030,15541132,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Badgerspin,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,15599874,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lassy Kongo,
,Recommended,239030,15603785,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ByzGirl,"Thought I would dislike it, initially played on boyf's account.  Then bought it for my own account because it's an abolutely amazing enjoyable addictive timesink with a simple but effective story and weirdly fun gameplay.  Proved to me I should give a game a chance first, not take it at face value."
,Recommended,239030,185266,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Patricius,"You like look at passport, yes? Is more than this. This game is of genius, comrade.  Is good story, and heartwarming tale of Arstotzka. You like this game, yes? You buy. If you no buy, Kolechian scum will steal wife. You are hard-working Arstozkan hero of proletariat. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,15605185,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,clericballstrom,"Hilarious , cold war intrigue. What's not to love?"
76561198038326530,Recommended,239030,15607891,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Balrog,GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!
,Recommended,239030,15611183,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Confused Jackal,yes
,Recommended,239030,15588002,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ColorlessPen,Definitely one of my favorites. This game has a certain charm despite the actual seriousness that's going on. There were more than one occasions were I felt like so bad and  then there were moments I couldn't stop laughing.It was a great experience.
,Recommended,239030,15588925,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Dedeen Your Mate,One Of The Greats
,Recommended,239030,15756540,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,playerone,This is what indys are all about.
,Recommended,239030,15743486,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Baridi Wolf (Konrad),"If Your looking for a game to challenge your decisions, or looking for a game for fun look no futher then 'Papers, Please'I Litterally played this game for 7 hours straight when i first go it and I intened on doing that more often...Overwelmingly possitive reviews.... did I say this game was Amazing yet. No?Its Amazing!"
76561198038815960,Recommended,239030,15744403,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Krawiec,Wow!
,Recommended,239030,15747456,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Deimos,In this game you can send people to the Gulag.
,Recommended,239030,15748945,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,rmscoresby,"I'll admit, when I first saw this game, I was only mildly interested in it, just from what the trailer showed. Then it was on sale one day, so I decided what the heck, I'll try it.It's a hit. It may not seem like much, but sometimes its hard to stop. ""Just one more day, or maybe naw..."" I thought there wasn't a story mode but that's all there is at first. The policies and documents get compounded further and further as relations between the fictional country of Arstotzka and the other nations of the Seven Member Forum slowly deteriorate. The game is relatively open-ended. There are TWENTY possible endings (most of which involve the player getting arrested, but hey, do your job and you've got nothing to fear). There is a degree of suspense too.Sometimes my siblings watch me play it. And when I told them it was available on the iPad as well, my brother wasted no time buying it for himself. Everyone loves playing it.Great for all types of players.Story mode of 31 playable days, 20 possible endings, achievements and an unlockable ENDLESS mode. I highly recommend this game"
76561198090382657,Recommended,239030,15282180,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Boskov01,"This is one game that most probably overlook. I first learned about this game from watching the ""WTF is..."" video for the beta of this game by TotalBiscuit. I gave the beta a try and at first I was like ""well this is tedious"" but then when I finished the beta for the first time, I looked at the clock and was surprised by how much time had passed since I started playing it. This was back in 2013 mind you! Now I have it for my PC and my iPad. I skipped the story when I learned that the code to unlock Endless mode was the same across all copies of the game and just looked up the code. It's a great time killer and before you realize it, you'll have all of the Issuing Cities memorized.I started deriving sadistic pleasure from detaining or denying people coming in with work passes. Why? Because glorious Arstotzka has no need for foreigners. Arstotzka has ablebodied workforce of its own. Arstotzka has labor lottery to solve labor shortages. Visit, pass through, immigrate, or seek asylum with Arstotzka. No need for filthy foreigners, especially from Kolechia. But Ministry of Labor says we need foreign labor. Why they impliment work pass system. Will still deny at every possibility.I will say this though. Between the original PC version and the version on tablets, the tablet version is easier to play. Story is exactly the same and the endless mode code is the same as the PC version too. Don't get me wrong, this is a great game and severely underrated.So if you're new to Paper's Please,""Cause no trouble.""Or if you're a veteran inspector like me...""Glory to Arstotzka!"""
76561198050132319,Recommended,239030,15207308,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Crazy Duck 444,I purchased this game after seeing the Yogscast play it. I was unsure that it might become repetitive but I have discovered that the game plays quite the opposite and that I still enjoy searching through the papers of immigants trying to enter Artstozka and trying to deny them entry. There are many great features to this game such as the survival aspect of having to care for your family while dealing with the pressures of border control. In papers please you deal with lots of people from good humoured drug dealer to moody diplomats. I recommend this game to all and most importantlyGLORY TO ARTSTOZKA!
,Recommended,239030,15208921,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Razonix,"That's the kind of game where the graphics aren't that much of a problem, since the entertainment speaks much higher than them. The soundtrack and sound effects are also quite limited but I tell you something: They're really catchy. You can surely get involved with the story of the main character and even share his concerns and moral dilemmas throughout the way. It's actually a shame that this game is so short, because when you manage to finish it for the first time, that's pretty much it (even though there're some other endings available). Overall, that game is quite innovative and fun and there should have more like this. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198062487925,Recommended,239030,11599099,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,princessdb,"Loved this game in beta, the complete game is even better. Glad to see Jorji again, hail Cobrastan! Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11601848,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,"Corsair, Class B","With its simplistic pixel art and its straightforward objective, Papers, Please manages to engage players in a way that only it can provide. As the immigration inspector of the great nation Arstotzka, you hold the power to approve or deny people passing through your country's checkpoint. While that may sound simple enough, the job gets more and more complicated as the days pass by, with you having to deal with forged documents, suspected criminals, desperate fugitives, a secret society, and Jorji Costava.It becomes heavier by the day, and you can feel the risk grow higher when your family is in need of food, shelter and healthcare. Do you compromise a job to save some pour soul, or do you deny them to continue providing for your family? Exactly. There's no other game quite like Papers, Please, and it is well worth your time and investment."
,Recommended,239030,11596134,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,slothmountain,Engrossing but morally challenging. Fascinating story that I found myself still thinking about days after playing.
,Recommended,239030,11462312,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Kangpark,"DENY,DENY DENY ALL OF YOU  DENIED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (but srsly is good game)"
,Recommended,239030,604429,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Namisar,"Lemonande Stand meets the Cold War. Papers, Please puts you as an immigration inspector for a fictional Eastern European country. The game is surprisingly deep and challenging for something that at face value looks kinda boring. The game is constantly forcing you to make a choice between helping yourself or helping others. It also doesn't take itself too seriously, there are frequent chuckles in between the dytopian glum. Art and Music really fit the atmosphere. I will be playing this one for awhile.WARNING: Part of this game is memorizing things, the information is always availible to you to check, but since you are paid by how many people go through your line, you are motivated to go as fast as possible. Memorizing the names of proper issuing cities makes you that much faster."
76561197965837119,Recommended,239030,11465393,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Anomalousresult,"I've had more fun reviewing and stamping documents in this game than shooting aliens, exploring worlds, or casting spells in dozens of more action-packed, expensive titles.It's a master class in satisfying, tense gameplay: every second of poring over documents costs time, every mistake takes food out of your family's mouth, and every time you spot a discrepancy and slam down that red stamp, it's immensely satisfying.My wife and I played it together: she kept a cheatsheet with the cities, districts, and seals on it.  I checked weight, height, pictures, and made sure their passport numbers matched up.It was glorious.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198079524229,Recommended,239030,11465995,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Chief Justice John Roberts,"This game has great depth and is amazingly fun. It forces you to choose between corrupt bribes to save your family, or doing a favor for the illuminati (or some reformist group) that might cost you your job. Very in depth and fun."
,Recommended,239030,13658621,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fill Kessal,"I wouldn't expect to have fun sitting at home on Friday night making sure that some guy's vaccine records match his passport, but here we are."
,Recommended,239030,13663383,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sebek,"Awesome indie game. One of a kind, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,13666932,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ШІЅР,You will soon be scared of the typing sound when they send you penalty tickets.One of the best mind game ever.
76561198111665245,Recommended,239030,13667642,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SmokusPocus,"It's a dark, gloomy, even somewhat boring game about running a border immigration booth and feeding your impoverished family in a communist nation.And I could not recommend it more."
,Recommended,239030,13669262,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,OatMeteor,If you guys think this game is all about passport checking... you're all wrong.you need to manage your money to save your familyyou need to act in order to cooperate or not with some assassinyou need to be quick to shoot those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that cross the borderyou need to be perfect in order to save a soldier that you've knownit's must more complicated and more fun than you have thoughtbuy it already
,Recommended,239030,13167483,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Anosmiac,"A brilliant game that uses unconventional gameplay mechanics to create an amazing, compelling story. I picked this up from a humble bundle sale and didn't expect to like it much. After all, looking through passports isn't fun, right? Wrong. Papers, Please manages to make a relatively simple and mundane concept into a thrilling, panicked race to do your job as well as possible in order to keep your family fed and warm. All the while, you find yourself in the middle of a fascinating story that is told in a refreshingly unique way.It's hard to capture why this game is so good in a short steam review, but that's just a testament to how deep and rich this game is despite its appearance."
,Recommended,239030,13168720,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Faulky10,This game is fun! Get it while on sale! Pretty hilarious for a simple game about immigration!
,Recommended,239030,13169238,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Valle79,"This game is awesome. You're working the border of a fictional totalitarian country, checking papers of people trying to cross into the country. And that's it. Sounds boring and stupid? Yes. But it isn't! It's awesome! I can't quite explain why, it just is. Buy it, NOW! (Especially since it's 70% off right now)"
,Recommended,239030,13169656,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rowan,"This is a very charming indie gem, it managers to make something very mundane; checking passports, into a captivating and at times nerve racking experience. It has a lot of replayabillity and will keep you playing to find out what happens not only to your in game family but also some of the in game characters that are full of personallity."
76561198013568264,Recommended,239030,13169965,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Optical Insanity,"Play It, Please"
76561198084117594,Recommended,239030,13170110,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sweetpea Ness,"I had no clue what to expect when I picked this game up on the Autumn Sale.After only a single hour, it has proven to be the most emotionally gripping game that I have ever played. The plethora of different authentication factors can make your mind hurt at times, but daily reminders of your family's ailments and newspaper headlines detailing the crimes committed by people you let in force you to stay sharp.Hands-down the best indie game I have ever played."
76561198110746063,Recommended,239030,13174647,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,killerh1943,WONDERFULLjust can't wait to get to other days! :D It's kind of sad though how i helped some people and din't get anything oh well gotta earn money Honestly!
76561197991657927,Recommended,239030,7383009,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,MrMuse,"The most original game idea ever. But I can't help feeling a great opportunity for something better has been thrown at a low budget game with terrible graphics. Still, it's an interesting game 70%"
,Recommended,239030,7419290,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,konsnos,Unique game that sharpens observation skills. Very interesting to those that like this kind of games with a nice story mix in it. You get the feeling that you are in a real Border Checkpoint.
,Recommended,239030,7990237,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,[TJ] babydriz,"Crazy communist border control game. Yet, somehow it's strangely addicting playing as an immigration officer - taking bribes, inspecting forged documents and surviving terrorist attacks. Not sure if it's a good design, or I'm losing my standards. But definitely worth a try if it's on sale."
,Recommended,239030,7714323,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Martian Battleplan,"Simple yet deep, it will challenge you as a brain game while testing your moral compass. With a couple dozen possible endings and an infinity mode there's some replayability here."
76561198103903687,Recommended,239030,7991344,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,wattsje8,"So simple but so damn engaging. A great game that you can just pick up and play, yet challenging enough to keep you playing."
,Recommended,239030,7993984,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,randomlumberjak,"great game, needs a bit more variety"
,Recommended,239030,7995305,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Shalashaska,"Papers, Please is an interesting type of a game. You cannot really define it by genre. Is it an adventure game in a Dystopian country? Is it a point and click game? A little bit of both.In this game you play as an Inspector who won the October Labour Lottery and he got a job at the Grestin Border. The game at first seemed a little bit boring, but then it suddenly becomes very exciting. You feel a bit of success and punishment, especially the punishment is extremely ''scary'' as simple as a typewriter noise.The game has 20 possible endings and it gets more difficult at the end with even more paperwork.But, I do recommend this game even though this is a little short, but it is extremely original and satisfying."
,Recommended,239030,7226164,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,EnclaveSoldier,Amazing Story and great puzzle game
,Recommended,239030,8031833,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SnarkLizzard,"A good, unique indie game.  The old school graphics lend to its charm. Repetitive, but srangely addicting. Picking through all the data at increasing difficulty is a challange. I've been playing it for 2 days and will probably give it only one more day before I get bored with it, but it was worth the $10. I don't think I would pay much more though."
,Recommended,239030,8035639,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Joshua277456,Love this game! It can get really intense and has a lovely back story to it. Would reccomend the game to friends! 5/5
,Recommended,239030,7462277,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Justo,"Papers, Please is  not what it seems. You may see just a simple game where you accept and deny passports. If so, think again. This game has one of the best branching storylines I have ever experienced, and I highly suggest it for anyone who A. Likes a good story or B. Likes to think.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,8037349,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Zel Valentine,"This game is extremely original and awesome, as I expected when I bought it.It's so simple and yet so challenging!Some reviews say the game might feel repetitive, but on the contrary, I find it actually so fascinating it's hard to pull the plug once you've started, at least till one of the many many endings!I must also say that as a 20th century History geek, the setting of this dystopia really pleases me.I just wished I sucked less at being a spy... Ah well!"
,Recommended,239030,8037716,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Keilah,"The description of this game is a bit misleading-- in a good way. It's way more awesome than it sounds.I spent hours trying to navigate through scenarios where one wrong decision or a slow reaction would affect the people I'd met.I've played through tons of different ways to see how people react in different scenarios.I'm the most loyal dude there is! I've also been a corrupt SOB.I was nearly moved to tears. I've yelled at the screen, ""NO STOP DON'T."" I've been insulted and super angry. I've laughed my rumpus off. All from a game about a job where you look at papers and stamp ""Approve"" or ""Deny."" It mimics life in that the job is way more complex than it looks on the surface.If you want it, get it. If you're thinking about it, get it. If you don't want it, think about it again, then probably get it.A++ will search Jorji again."
76561198055774590,Recommended,239030,8041913,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Fuggena,For Arstotzkan!
,Recommended,239030,4695578,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Rising Gurky,Is excellent game. I reccomend for purchase immediately. I am in no way obligated for to say how good this game. I swear there is no secret police holding me gunpoint. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,7952184,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Morpfhine,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,5109074,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Raur,"Lots of detail, always changing the rules. I found it fun. Lots of different choices can be made that affect the way the game plays through."
,Recommended,239030,7953527,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,iNasser,It's very interesting game.
,Recommended,239030,7953644,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Mazgazine1,"This is a game for those seeking a new experience. It is part adventure puzzler part investigation. The website quotes are not kidding, this game will make you think, you have to manage the job, income for your family  and the safety of a country.This game is fantastic."
,Recommended,239030,7953781,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ゴゴDr. Loud Handsゴゴ,"I'm not going to beat around the bush- this game is perfect. It is without question the best indie game I have ever played. It is worth $10 and then some. If you have a chance to pick this gem up, do so without hesitation."
,Recommended,239030,7958494,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Obstinate,"This game is extremely good. Very challenging, very fun, and making a serious statement too. Awesome."
76561198006880663,Recommended,239030,7958525,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Marshall d'Avout,Superb!
,Recommended,239030,7958621,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,benjirino,"Simple, fun, and has a excellent learning curve. Don't let the price fool you, you could potentially lose hours to this game's ""one more turn"" feeling"
,Recommended,239030,7959282,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bhunji,You get to deny people for no reason. AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,239030,8148165,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[iFC] DIplaya,"This was a Fantastic game. I learned that there are also a lot of different endings, so you can play it again and again with a different ending each time."
,Recommended,239030,2525003,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,for(;;) {sanity--},Truly an accurate depiction of a immigration's officer.Glory to Arstotska.
,Recommended,239030,8151630,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Thorne Tanaka,A lof of fun ... forces you to make some tough decisions.  Well worth it
,Recommended,239030,8154616,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Munch,"A fantastically original game. Everything in this game comes together as a whole: the way it teaches the player, the theme and the gameplay itself. The interface is incredibly well thought out for something so original, and the people are full of character despite being relatively low fidelity.Amazing Game. Must have."
,Recommended,239030,2940553,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,JabberJon,"This game completely took me by surprise.  I read the premise and thought, ""Eh, I'll give it a shot.""  I did not expect the level of intricacy of the plot, nor did I expect the difficulty of checking passports.  I was also really impressed by the fact that there is 20 different endings, that's an impressive feat considering I initially didn't think there was much depth.  If you like games that make you think and want to support an indie dev, this is it. :)"
,Recommended,239030,8134082,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ei8htBall,Such a simple game and yet very addictive. Do your job or let people through. Help stop or cause crimes. Help reunite families or destroy them at the click of a button. I did not think I'd enjoy this game as much as I do now.
,Recommended,239030,8135005,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,10Snipershot,Great Game its alot of fun if you are into this type of gameplay. I would give it a 8/10.
,Recommended,239030,7367752,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,AbsurdHealer,Great game!!!Can be an emotional rollercoaster from time to time. :-D
,Recommended,239030,1579212,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Rocky.,The most intense stamping simulator I have ever played.
76561198006870266,Recommended,239030,8361079,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sabra,"Definately Indie/Logic game of the this year. Great story, satiric, addictive and fun. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198051080064,Recommended,239030,8361197,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TylerDurden1999,One of the best RPG I've ever played. Great cold war feel to it. As a history buff I approve!
,Recommended,239030,8345549,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Slaps-Hungry-Bears,"I have to give props where props are due... this game is quirky and weird. However, it's fun, interesting and the only TSA simulator on the market right now. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes indie games and interesting ideas."
,Recommended,239030,8346783,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Balsimar,"This is a Bureaucracy Sim, which can be fun if you're entertained by scanning documents and rulebooks for discrepencies. It's slightly deeper than that, but not by much.The conversations between you and the people coming to your booth are entertaining, as are the reactions when you decide to detain them. :)The biggest challenge, is trying to keep your family alive on such a small wage. Bribes? We has them... but be careful that your neighbors don't turn you in for doing well. :)"
76561198073557941,Recommended,239030,8349172,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,NylonCurtain,A fantastic way to test your morals as you decide whether you want to save money for your famliy or help out strangers in need at your job of a customs officer. I cannot find anything wrong with this game. It is incredible.
76561198004861802,Recommended,239030,8349926,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Melwen,Amazingly good fun. It gave me a real insight in to my own psyche as well as making me question my own morals. Fantastic work.
76561198031437927,Recommended,239030,8350404,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,madmogalaxy89,"Fantastic game! Very simple premise but as it goes on and you get more things to do, it becomes easier to overlook small things and tests your observation very well. The story is very intriguing and deep and i look forward to delving deeper into Arstotzka and finding out what's going on in the country! Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8350510,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ian,Absolument génial. Orwell + Pixel Art = Papers Please. 10/10.
,Recommended,239030,8350885,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pancake Pig,Real fun game if you like old school games. Re-Playable and very chill but still fast pace action.STAMP STAMP STAMP
76561198031994802,Recommended,239030,8350956,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DarkXuin,2013 Game of the year.
76561198042333109,Recommended,239030,8351671,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PandaHatBear,This is the most fun I have ever had doing paper work.
76561198062592170,Recommended,239030,8352026,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,stuxmusic,"This game has no right to be this good. Play it, for gods sake. Glory to Astotzka!"
76561198056161709,Recommended,239030,8353514,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LifeInvader101,Great game! Love the art style.
,Recommended,239030,8353560,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,bonecm,"A completely original idea that makes a boring job fun and educates on the issues surrounding border control. Way more interesting than it sounds, I promise."
76561198019757159,Recommended,239030,8354242,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The One Who Bronds,"NO game has ever made me stress and curse and gripe more than this one. It's just like working in goverment! Ten stars, as mandated by the Arstotzkan Department of Entertainment and Media"
76561198008369413,Recommended,239030,8354617,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pedxng,i love the game
76561197972452208,Recommended,239030,8355137,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,zen351,"Youre a Soviet styled Customs offical, confirming or denying border entrywhilst trying to earn enough miney to keep your family from starving/freezing to death.8 bit graphics at best.. Simple but amusing.. worth a bash. Something youd expect on theC64 back in the day."
,Recommended,239030,8355700,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pizzano,Do your job.  Don't help anyone but yourself.This game teaches you to be selfish as ♥♥♥♥.  10/10.  Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,8355898,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,WizardJeremy,This is a rather unique and addicting game. This indie is a classic as you play as a immagration officer. The game is people who want to travel to the fictional place of Arstotzka. you are the manger of who enters and who dosen't you will get people giving in honest passports and some times people giving dis-honest passports and try to cover it up with confusion or utterly bad lies.
,Recommended,239030,8357815,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,V-NocTs,"Do I recommend this? Yes. Yes, I do. Upon looking at the description of this game, I thought to myself, ""this seems like a boring game. I'm an immigration officer? What blasplemy of a game is this?"" Looking at the reviews and then watching the trailer, I became intruged. What can be so interesting simulating a day to day work process of stamping papers at an immigration checkpoint? Seeing it on sale, I had to give it a try. Boy was I am surprised. This indie game definietly packed thriller in a dystopian society where there are betrayals, terrorist attacks, taking up arms, and etc. Even though the concept is simple, hearing the typewriting sound of a citation printing up bugs me, which indicated I had made a mistake in my job. Perfecting your job as an immigration officer is no easy task. The game's 20 endings give it lots of twists and turns, where your actions will lead to another ending. I played this 2 full days straight, completing two good endings and 16 out of 20 possible endings. I figured I shall take a break from the game to recommend everyone that they should definietly give this game a try.P.S. The music and the subtle comical aspects of the game is great as well."
,Recommended,239030,8358376,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Johnny Ringo,This is not one of those games that you sit down and play for a half hour or so. This is a game that will suck you in for hours on end.
,Recommended,239030,8359588,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ref,"Glory to Arstotzka!Probably one of the best games I've played in a while.It's incredible how a game that has you performing menial tasks can be so immersive, poignant and interesting. 20 endings, and I've only done one. I look forward to replaying it for the other endings, there are some very unique paths you can take. Some of the personalities you come across in the game are hilarious.100% recommend."
,Recommended,239030,13527385,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SophLovesCake,"Superb game. You are the only inspector letting people through. There are a lot of people trying to get in legally or illegally to your country. There are some attacks to your post. The rebels are seeking your help. The government is suspicious of you. You decide whom to let in, what to do, and how to juggle those problems. You decide whether to help people, or detain them. You decide your fate, ...and many others'. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,13527407,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,KerbalAbuse,"Everyone needs to play this game. It is challenging without being soul-crushingly difficult, and will probably take even the smartest gamer several playthroughs to finish. That said, it isn't a very long game, but it is well worth the full $9.99 price. It really is more of a puzzle than anything, but coming from someone who isn't big on 'puzzle games', I enjoyed this a ton."
,Recommended,239030,13527583,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,T-Dawg,"While the concept doesn't sound too good on paper, this is a pretty good game about trying to get by as a peasant in an eastern european communist nation during the early 80's, working as a border checkpoint worker. The sub/second title to the game ""A Dystopian Document Thriller"" pretty much sums it all up."
,Recommended,239030,53253,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,AnEscapeGoat,"I came for the edge-of-your-seat document checking, and I got a story. WHAT GIVES?!"
76561197969186575,Recommended,239030,13527816,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AGENT POOLE,"omg brilliant narrative driven game, who would have thought a paperwork simulator was a good idea for a game"
,Recommended,239030,13527858,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bas gan Sagart,One of the most fun games I have ever played.
76561198015739837,Recommended,239030,13528660,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,hhc3028,Very good game.Casual-ish while keeping you focused.
,Recommended,239030,13528999,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,NinjaSkill13,"Awesome soundtrack, awesome style of graphics ,just might get old after winning the game, otherwise i recommend!"
,Recommended,239030,13529209,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hodor,"Arstotzka so great, passport not required!"
76561197995200798,Recommended,239030,13530242,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Virtu,"Great idea and gameplay, definately worth the few euros!"
76561197971391171,Recommended,239030,13531623,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sarc,"I really like the game. For €2,24 it's juste pure fun!You really have to check everything you can't just accept or denie the entrance to someone! Even if you think you checked everything you might miss something. It's in the smalles details!You will get tired and miss some things haha!Cheap, fun, good gameplay."
,Recommended,239030,13531685,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Server Lag,"Finally, something that makes paperwork fun. Would recommend. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,13532214,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,grayhouser,"Great game! It's not really a game, it's art, it has a message, it makes you think, It's an eastern bloc country, with a Berlin Wall style border."
76561198040878939,Recommended,239030,13793285,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thegreatshepherd,A very impressive and fun game.it achieves a lot without fancy graphics and even words.Really feels like working at a customs desk.10/10 glory to arstotska
,Recommended,239030,13796635,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cinnamon Bun,Incredibly simple yet incredibly compelling.
76561198169866779,Recommended,239030,13813317,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The Professor,this game is amazing. get it now. now. glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,13814518,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,johnzylstra,"Although the game puts you in a small room to do menial paperwork, the game has a peculiar charm.The conviction you feel to keep your family alive is very real. I'm really impressed with how enthralling the game can get even though the concept is so simple. Don't miss this one!"
,Recommended,239030,13814903,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mowzertron,Nice little game. Not sure I would have paid full price but on offer for £2.99 its a bargain.
76561198025408872,Recommended,239030,13750625,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MarkZerolifePodcast,Depressing. Unfun. The worst game to play after you finish work. 5 stars.
,Recommended,239030,13752154,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,kohsl,"In this game, you are an inspector working at the immigration office, controlling who comes in and who not. While Papers, Please has simple graphics and looks easy to play, it actually isn't. As an inspector, you need to follow strict regulations such as checking the person at the counter if he or she has all the right documents. And whether those documents could have been forged; information are correct etc. You flag them out if they are not who the documents specified, or they are suspected smugglers etc.In the story mode, the checks get harder by the days following the daily news that is happening, and there are cases whereby the immigrant has special reasons to want to get through, but does not have all the necessary documents; or a bribe to get entry when you need the money for your family etc. It all boils down to choices as an inspector, whether it is morally right to allow entry at the expense of breaking the rules, which would mean there will be penalty, or go strictly by the book in a heartless, unwavering fashion.Overall, the game is well-made and is fairly addictive, and there is an endless game mode which can be unlocked when you meet certain requirements in the story mode."
76561198057300526,Recommended,239030,13786413,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Flippppings_,"While this game is incredibly simple, the challenge it presents the user is surpisingly addictive. A definite buy if you're looking for something during the sales."
76561198015526195,Recommended,239030,13788563,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DanMeisterZ,Good game and really easy to begin and gets harder when you get further
,Recommended,239030,13832275,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,CSTenebrae,I have no idea how a game about letting people past a checkpoint could be so damned fun and addictive but well here it is
76561198076823675,Recommended,239030,13836568,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aryashi,"Intense, engaging, heartbreaking, and thoughtful, if you consider yourself interested in interactive narritive at all this is a must play."
,Recommended,239030,13839030,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mark5_9,All I will say is that this game is like nothing I have ever played before. Love it!
,Recommended,239030,13842703,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,zabaat,Simply amazing!
76561197995619912,Recommended,239030,13842974,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,notorious98,"If your idea of a good time is feeling like you must stamp passports all day long so you can make money to feed and clothe your family while maintaining rent and heat in your welfare apartment, this is the game for you.  It gives you dilemmas that offer different paths to different endings (20 in all).  I absolutely love it.  The graphics are poor, but who cares?  You're just stamping passports.  It's a lot of fun.Glory to Arstotzka.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,1464590,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,F L O W E R B O Y,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,13636173,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,microfloppy,"NOTE: For review with screenshots, please visithttp://microfloppy.net/2014/12/26/papers-please/Papers, Please is a game made by indie developer Lucas Pope. In this game you are an immigration officer and your job is to guard the border of the fictional country of Arstotzkan to make sure noone unauthorized are allowed to enter.The gameplay is easily summarized: You inspect passports and other documents to make sure they are correct and not forged. If you let through anyone incorrectly, you recieve a reprimand from the Ministry of Admission. Recieve too many and your paycheck starts suffering. Gameplay-wise, that is pretty much all you have to care about.However, beyond that layer of mindless data processing is a human aspect. What rules will you bend and for what reason: Will you let the crying old lady reunite with her son even though her documents are missing? Will you take bribes to keep your family fed and warm?The gameplay can get repetative. You check passports and wide range of different entry documents and keep track of the entry rules that changes from day to day. Is the birthdate correct on all documents? Is the name correct? Weight? Height? And so on and so on…Still, the game is varied enough to keep my interest for two consecutive playthroughs. This is mainly because of the interesting people you meet and the sub-plots that keeps unfolding. I would definitely recommend you try it if you haven’t already.8/10 entry tickets"
76561198116395383,Recommended,239030,13871543,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dr_Thunderclap,"Played for about two hours which flew by in the blink of an eye. Harder than it looks. Let in a terrorist and also my baby died whoops. Simple, difficult, great."
,Recommended,239030,15936372,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Slime,"Not only a great gameplay experience, but also a unique story that is discrete but sweet"
76561198057639245,Recommended,239030,15940633,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Umbrella,"Who knew border patrol could be fun? Well, I guess not necessarily fun, but it engages you in a way you wouldn't expect. Plus, it has a unique way of weaving a story, and several roles you can play in it. The choices you make impact the world in ways that might eventually come back to bite you, or might help you out in the end. On your first time playing, you have no idea if the choices you make are good ones. But you have to make them. And no matter what happens, you have to brush it off as best you can, because you're getting paid based on how many people you let in. And every ruble goes towards keeping you and your family afloat."
,Recommended,239030,11630923,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,core,"No-frills review and I give it 8/10.I like:- More story depth than I had imagined- Really good execution of theme and story- Pretty fun and I definitely enjoyed the gameI do not like:- Meant to be played over a relative short timespan due to story elements, since you will forget what to look for, if you do not play for a week- UI is sometimes a bit clunky- Little progression / few new elements introduced"
76561198025889728,Recommended,239030,11631090,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Scarey Nerd,"Absolutely fantastic game. I've only played 2 hours of it so far, but I already feel a real emotional connection to the character's family, and a deep concern for some of the people passing my checkpoint. The art style is fantastic, the atmosphere is very thematic and made even better by the excellent music. If I had one, minor gripe, it'd be that the rules get very complicated and layered as time goes on, but really that just feels better, it reinforces the dystopian, opressed feeling."
,Recommended,239030,11631186,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Mr Bobinsky,"i love being a tool of oppression and I know you would too, glory to ARSTOTZKA"
76561198067230938,Recommended,239030,11631245,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,The_JonSter,"A very fun, entertaining game. Many possible outcomes based on your own decisions makes it a decisive, thrilling game with rewards and consequences. Personally I would love a sequel to this game, but until then... Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11565341,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sean H. Campbell,"This game hit me like a ton of bricks to the heart.  It's one of the most riveting, addictive, and emotionally involving games I've ever played.  There are moments with these little animated sprites that will stay with you for a long time, moments you could easily miss because you're busying your manic eyes scouring paperwork for the smallest hint of dereliction and subterfuge, desperate to make enough money to keep your home -- and keep your family alive.  The morality play on display here is hard-hitting and unforgettable.  One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,239030,11567562,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,VulpusVulpus,"Refreshing is the best word to decribe Papers, Please.Very clever take on the gaming experience by making you question your choices with a twist of morality.The story is yours to make since choices are what this game is about.Fun and sometimes unerving, this game is a solid 8/10.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11568902,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,IceRicer,"Papers Please is a game in which you take the role of a new Border inspector for the ""glorious"" country of Arstotzka. The first thing I noticed about this game was the music. Masterfully composed, it conveyed the perfect feelings through out the game. Your first objective is to make enough money for food and heat for your family, though other things will come up quickly, emptying your pockets. Quickly you come into contact with the mysterious organization: The Order Of the EZIC star. I quickly fell in love with the organization attempting to save a failing dystopian civilization and decided to help them. You can choose not to as well. I recomend this ghame to anyone who find the premice and the gameplay interesting. My final score for this game is:8.75/10"
,Recommended,239030,11570793,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tasty,Team up with Jorji to become a drug smuggler and systematically ruin everyone's life with your stamp of justice.10/10 caused me to fall into deep depression afterward. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,11574888,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,DancingMaker,Simplest most stressful game I've ever played. Fully recommended!
,Recommended,239030,11578021,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Wirdjos,"I cannot imagine any better emulation of the day-to-day life of an immigration inspector on a recently war torn and still somewhat disputed border of a communist-styled country. There are an ever increasing number of forms, each with their own individual nuances, a few wild characters, and the constant threat of poverty or prison. But then, of course, most of the time is filled with repetitive mundane work. Still, I was surprised how fun this grind could be and I think that is in large part due to its oddly intimate nature. People passes by quickly, but in that short amount of time you learn so much about them. Their height, weight, where they've come from, what they plan on doing for the next few months or so, and possibly even how they react when things turn sour on them. That's an awful lot to learn about a person so suddenly. A character begins to form and you start to feel as if you know them quite well. The same could be said about the setting itself. Without much information or discussion about it, this area, vaguely resembling a former Soviet state, seems not only fully realized but legitimate as well. Though, lots of official looking documents do tend to have that effect."
,Recommended,239030,11583320,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Jonathan1412,"Papers, Please is grueling, grim, tedious, and a bad choice if you are looking for lighthearted entertainment. You play a customs agent, trying desperately to make ends meet while filing border corssing papers for a corrupt dictatorship. This game is easily the _opposite_ of what people would normally consider fun.And yet despite all that, or perhaps because of it, this game is amazing!!!This is an incredibly well-made game! The attention to detail is amazing! There are countless little human touches everywhere whch constantly break up the inhuman levels of paperwork. And even though all you can do is stamp documents, your choices have a real effect on the world around you. People's lives are changed by your stamp, even yours! There are literally dozens of endings that you can get depending on your stamping decisions. The social commentary is also fatnastic, and the moral dilemmas that the game puts you in -with just your stamp- are gut-wrenching! You will never agonize over a piece of paper like you will in Paper's Please, and you will never look at a DHS or customs agent the same way again!And that is the game's most amazing accomplishment. Without any traiditonal fun game mechanics Papers, Please manages to be engaging, agonizing, cathrtic, insighful, and a blast to play! You'll just have to pick up your stamp to find out what you've been missing!"
,Recommended,239030,11826453,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,guslingerr,Hilarious.
,Recommended,239030,11809980,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Skars,Good game but buy it when it's on sale.
,Recommended,239030,7872040,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,LeCroy,peculiar
76561198067888927,Recommended,239030,9616200,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Epic Lad,"The entire premise DOES seem boring. I'll admit it. Yet this game has a lot more to offer than stamping papers in a booth...oh wait no it doesnt...but its FUN! Aside from learning what its like to protect a border from criminals, this game has a secret or two up its sleeves involving a shady society of rebels. There is also fun funny foreign guy who keeps forging documents in crayons.In all seriousness, the game is a morality decision simulator. You will encounter all sorts of ""grey areas"" during your work. Will you split up a married couple with the wrong forms? Take a bribe to buy your kid medicine? Let a celebrity or politician through who sort of looks like a wanted criminal? YOU DECIDE!I truly recommend it at its discounted price. If I had paid over 10 bucks I would consider myself ripped off...but for 4.99 this game has entertained me for quite some time.WARNING!!!!  - This game is incredibly addictive and if you are like every gamer or person with a steam account, and you posess an obsession with video games, be prepared to spend hours at a time stamping papers in a virtual world while your family or significant other cooks dinner and gripes about your lack of interest."
,Recommended,239030,11814786,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,nepettable,"If someone figures out how a paper-pushing simulator is so much fun and entertaining, please message me. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,1279606,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,OmegaUltima,"It's addictive is ♥♥♥♥, it's thought provoking and has your actions change the course of the game.It's $9.95 and it's GOTY 2013. Why haven't you given this game a shot yet?"
,Recommended,239030,11818503,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,BoomBoo,.
,Recommended,239030,15905156,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Death-Knell,good but a little infuriating and repetitive sometimes
76561198010820818,Recommended,239030,15915860,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mastadans,The only flaw this game has: Storyline doesn't last forever.9/10
,Recommended,239030,15648508,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,zombieunicorn01,Strangely addicting
,Recommended,239030,15618248,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,jonah101smith,The sim of all sims. 1984 dystopian future is intact as you be a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying to protect Arstotzka from illegal immigrants.9/10
,Recommended,239030,15714064,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NesbittN550,Spend hours at a time checking documents and paperwork. Get paid nothing to do so. Have fun doing it.
76561198142130550,Recommended,239030,15714338,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,pootsfagＯＭＡＥＷＡＭＯＵＳＨＩＮＤＥＩＲＵ,"Fun, great replayability, great story, innovative. Worth buying it."
,Recommended,239030,15719541,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dad's Mad,You will learn to hate and resent the sound of paper printing.
76561198014193881,Recommended,239030,15881881,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Afla,Better than standing in line at the DMV.
,Recommended,239030,15873128,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,GoesWellWithNoodle,I may never finish off this game b/c I don't want to handle to responsibility of being able to shoot a guy bombing the border b4 he gibs the new border guard who's from my hometown.  A passport checking simulator invoked that fear into me... well done.
76561198027976165,Recommended,239030,15662958,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kookymonster,Very unique game with a great story and multiple endings.
76561198102787512,Recommended,239030,15664714,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Horse with No Name,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,7592390,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,buzza24,"Repeatitive game, but the characters you meet force to question your on morals and if a character to be granted access even if it against the rules. Interesting game."
76561198046808325,Recommended,239030,30505031,Posted: 14 March,all,Colonel Burton,"I'm a Gen-X-er, I grew up in the eighties with 16-colour video games. I didn't play Papers Please for very long when I played ith through, but I found I got my money's worth.The mechanics are very restricted and the job you have to do can get pretty stressful, but despite its simplistic nature, somehow the devs managed to get me to care about the plot and storyline and get my job done.I might actually play this one through a second or third time."
76561198073200123,Recommended,239030,14058560,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,social justice bard,I can finally fufill my dream of doing endless paperwork 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,239030,14058980,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Drift King,A spooky depiction of the world. 10/10. Like Skyrim with paper.
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060214,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561198146250120,Recommended,239030,14060215,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kms1016,"""Arstotzka so great, passport not required."" If only, Jorji, if only.The demo for this game was so good it made me get a steam account just so I could play the full version. I get twinkly-eyed when talking about this game, and I talk about it to anyone who will listen. Such an aware and astute political comment. The game some how manages in that little cube checkpoint to be all about human relationships, and how compassion and revolution relate, and a million other themes. Even if you don't play compassionately, I think it's still true that it's about compassion. So there's a lot of heavy material, a lot that I still think about after months. But also it's funny and light? I think it goes back to the charm of relationships and interactions. There are so many potential stories in this game, you see so many people come by the checkout, and you are also confronted with whole states, but somehow the story stays small and personal too, in a way that replicates real politics. I could go on. Just play the game, you'll think a lot about states and morals and rebellion and empathy and power in the process.That music too! wow!"
76561197996747344,Recommended,239030,13452519,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cooking with gas,I actually shed tears for this game but i wouldn't spoil here. Love does bloom on battlefield.
,Recommended,239030,13456666,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,England is my City,"""Let me just search you""...""OH S**T YOUR A WOMEN!"""
,Recommended,239030,13481142,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FEXIS,OMG it's awesome. Always something new pops up!
,Recommended,239030,13502338,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rednaz32,it haves real life kind of role playing you can help people or throw them in the guter
,Recommended,239030,13502341,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rednaz32,it haves real life kind of role playing you can help people or throw them in the guter
76561198034234664,Recommended,239030,10943181,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cas2u,Such a great game. Premise sounds boring but the attention that you have to pay makes you want to just keep on playing
,Recommended,239030,8511248,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,>dingeling<,"Really Awesome, could play it for Hours!"
76561198065929972,Recommended,239030,13451553,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheDarkWeapon,"Too deep, be ready to get it deep"
,Recommended,239030,13490087,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Orbulon,"Dark, dystopian and a definite purchase."
76561198077363572,Recommended,239030,13493477,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bill03,"I started playing this game for fun, but after failing my duties and major responsibilities as the gatekeeper for wartime political discourse and allowing most of my family to die from sickness due to my poor ability to support them, I quit in a fit of stress and depression.10/10 Best Game."
76561198057956700,Recommended,239030,13823131,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,400 Pounds of Swedish Fish,"When I first heard about this game, I thought that it was going to be the dumbest thing possible. Who wants to play as a border agent inspecting documents?A friend of mine was watching a playthrough and once I saw what the game was like, I bought it during a sale and gave it a go. Overall, it's been a very fun experience with memorable events and characters, and I often found myself torn between ethics and doing my job in game.9/10, overall good game."
,Recommended,239030,13828348,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Peauff E. Peausy,A thought provoking game where you stamp passports. You'll have to try it for yourself.
,Recommended,239030,13829378,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Shania Twain #1 Fan,"I haven't been riveted by a game in a while. Papers, Please perfectly appeals to my self-proclaimed great attention to detail. It's proven its case by showing that my attention to detail isn't that great after-all (well, when put to a timer). The aesthetic of the game harks back to what I imagine to be Cold War-era Eastern Europe, with tensions high between borders, controlling governments, and a lack of humanity to the common peon.Gameplay is fun, and endearing. The aesthetic is simple, but effective. Border control is somehow made to be amusing. The challenge of stamping passports is slowly increased as more conditions are dictated by the Ministry of Admission. A healthy dose of humour is inserted sporadically by the oddball characters that come your way. The drollness of it all is broken up by the occasional click-and-shoot, and the RPG-style strategising of managing your family's finances (ha!). The game's multiple endings and achievements ensures some replayability.In a gaming world dictated by first person shooters and multiplayer battle arenas, it's hard to say who Papers, Please might appeal to. There is a touch of simulation gaming about it, without it being realistic at all. Again, I found the game compelling, and was sucked in for a few hours on the first run. Definitely check it out, if you even suspect that it might be down your alley."
,Not Recommended,239030,13407419,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lusojef,Its annoying after some minutes.
,Recommended,239030,20280313,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Λρσllσ,beautiful game i love it!
,Recommended,239030,20280465,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wigglepie,Glory to ArstotzkaGets fined 5 credits for not using punctuation
76561198154757942,Recommended,239030,30672471,Posted: 22 March,all,The Grawreass Reeda,GLORY TO ARSTOTKA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,20279095,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MilkiRed,"Such a fun game to play whenever you are bored! Also playable offline, this game lets you experience the immigration process, which I never thought I had interest in. It is fun to play, and playing the game for all the endings are also exciting!"
76561198012936284,Recommended,239030,20279767,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,rubywhatashmoo,"Surprisingly fun & addictive game especially considering the source material - working as an immigration control officer in a soviet block country in the early 1980s - oh what laughs! The first play through is pretty hard - you need to be able to balance your budget and decide whether to feed or heat your family with the earnings from your government job, but on replay you can at least earn enough to reliably do this once you know what you're checking on all these documents! Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,7396344,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Jaslow75,"Try it, please"
76561198075010777,Recommended,239030,20269919,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,naverue,Incredibly accurate portrayal of life in communist countries during the era of terrorism. This is exactly what will happen to the US if Trump is elected president...
76561198148003936,Recommended,239030,20464087,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,crumplydonkey2,all i have to say to this game is duh duh duh duh duh duh
76561198205235979,Recommended,239030,20465228,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,PCSatan,Top quality enterainment with hours of joyful gameplay.
76561198117868884,Recommended,239030,20462438,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BrewMurphy,"This is an awesome game for having very simple mechanics or at least start simple.  The deeper you go the more rich the story and the harder it is not only to find issues but deciding to let someone go through anyways.  Also the sounds of this game will be stuck in you head for a long time.  Even after beating it, I want to play it again and i see the future me wanting to play if again.  This game is definitly worth buying."
,Recommended,239030,20463041,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ghost Ch1ps,The most devastating exploration of real life I've yet seen in video games.
76561197967347162,Recommended,239030,20467850,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bill Sansky,"More games like this one, Please"
76561198088734435,Recommended,239030,20518759,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Straight and Smart,Really fun and enjoyable. Was a bit hard at the start so maybe a small tutorial would be good. But really good game overall.
,Recommended,239030,20512713,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Fatt Boi,"Absolutely legendary, and for all the right reasons."
,Recommended,239030,20513045,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Budapest Frumblesnatch,"This is going to be a LOOOOOONG  review, so if you really want to know whether or not to buy it, keep reading.(TL;DR, it's similar to Ace Attorney, in the way you have to find problems with peoples info, so if you like that, then consider buying this game)The game takes place in a fictional place in a russia-type country, Arstotzka, during the early 80's. You play as a nameless, faceless character, who somehow finds himself in the role of country border patrol (insert Donald Trump joke here), but you have a load of different things happen to you that I won't spoil, and a load of different endings (I think about 20, but I'm not sure).Gameplay wise, I'm not sure what to say, I mean, I can describe it the best I can, but unless you've played it before, you would have no idea what I'm talking about, since it's actually pretty unique. You have to take peoples papers, documents, work passes, passports, entry permits, etc, and make sure that they're all valid and flawless. (Don't worry, the game is pretty easy early on, and has a great difficulty cuvre later on, once you've gotten the hang of things.) Up your sleeve you have a machine which weighs, records, and x-rays anyone standing on the plate, and can also magically scan documents, detecting discrepancies and contradictions,even if YOU don't detect thembut you have to check every word manually if you're thinking about the game playing itself. Basically, if you love Sherlock on BBC, or just love correcting things, this will be your forte.Sadly, the story is the only lacking part, with very little about what's happening in other in-game countries other than ""These wanted criminals come from here! Now anyone coming from there needs TWICE as many papers for you to go through!"" and almost absolutely nothing about Arstotzka. Also, this is a single-player game only, so unless a buddy's REALLY good at scoreboard 1-upping, you can't have a buddy go head to head, or help you with the game, unless they're right next to you.If you've read all of this, good for you! I'm guessing I've helped with some insight, and hopefully helped in you making a decision to buy it! But for me, I would give this game a...9/10! It's really good as a time waster, and if you've got money to spare, and the above sounds good, I would recommend buying it!"
76561197978006225,Recommended,239030,20513119,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Lassious,"This title has an original premise that draws you in. The sound and music is great, however i though the blocky graphics have little artistic quality and after just 5 hours of playing i got bored with the repetitive nature of the game. The first couple of hours is fun and quickly downhill from there. Purchase if looking for something fresh and cheap."
76561198032371917,Recommended,239030,20520278,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DRIVER,Good
,Recommended,239030,20516050,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Floyd,"Such a charming game, a must get."
76561197982131277,Recommended,239030,20516607,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Soviet☭Republic,game is ridiculously addicting and needs a sequel
76561198068122476,Recommended,239030,20519846,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,GoldenTooth,Come visit glorious Arstotzka! Transgender capital of the world!
76561198018612196,Recommended,239030,11059125,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Negan The Vegan,My entire family is dead. 10/10.
76561198025033492,Recommended,239030,11061532,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,CorollianAurora,Somebody needs to make a kinect mod for this where you can move the papers around Minority Report style.10/10 Would move papers around again.
,Recommended,239030,11061805,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jingface,"Clear out a weekend, or sign up for a graveyard shift where you will be able to dedicate 8+ straight hours to it. Each round (or day, in the game world) goes through so quickly, it's easy to trick yourself into thinking you can play just one more day and quit.LIZA MINELLI LIES. Just do yourself a favor and get it out of your system over a long weekend."
76561198032048895,Recommended,239030,11062276,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BSully,"All that needs to be said, Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561197966850147,Recommended,239030,11063245,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ruken3342,"Papers, Please might be one of the finest video games in recent memory.The storyline is tense, drudgerous and hilariously satirizes the bleak and fatalistic Eastern European communist mindset.  Brothel owners, killers, peasants and idiots come through your line, each with their own ridiculous story to tell, but all you want to do is do your work and go home and hopefully have enough money to keep the heat on."
,Recommended,239030,2013080,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Jento113,"Tough, frustrating, fantastic. The admins among you will shine."
,Recommended,239030,11157897,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,tengu8890,Climate and music are the best!One of not-so-many great games with good replayability value.After finishing this title you'll be suspicious at every airport.
,Recommended,239030,5221804,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,myctrlkeyisnotclicky,glory to Arstotzka!
76561198041042330,Recommended,239030,11195152,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,edvin.kokkin,"If you are bored with FPS games, this game is a good alternative.This game brings great joy/suffering."
,Recommended,239030,11198643,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Interesting, but not for me. I just couldn't emphasise with any of the characters and my only concern was getting it right by the book."
,Recommended,239030,11201818,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,gR,Makes me feel like I'm at work but with a slightly greater risk of getting murdered. A+
,Recommended,239030,11202600,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Lady Zombabe,"This is a great little 8 bit game. It's great for someone (like me!) who struggles with attention to detail, and wants to improve. So it's a bit game, a bit learning tool for me.The balance of ensuring you are letting the correct people in, keeping the terrorists out, and feeding your family. You have to make tough decisions between paying for heat or medicine or food. You can take bribes, assist liberals, and keep people out. However you will be fined if you make too many mistakes in one day.Run out of money? Can't pay the rent? It's debters prison for you and GAME OVER. I like this game a whole lot."
,Recommended,239030,4438283,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,OneNeptune,"The game seems INCREDIBLY realistic in simulating a border inspection job. Which is somewhat fun; then unforunate after 3 hours of playing. However, the story line is pretty fun and keeps you going!I would honestly recommend picking it up, I know I'll continue playing more and will likely end up putting 30 hours in. Not bad for $10."
,Recommended,239030,11208009,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Invisible Ink,"Never thought paperwork and stamping documents could be this fun. Love organising my desk for maximum efficiency of movement and getting the timing down to allow as many stamps as possible. Mini stories are great, from the corrupt guards and shady organisations, to the individuals who you deal with on a one-to-one basis. BUY THIS GAME!!"
76561198007307196,Recommended,239030,11208267,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Wexler/McGill,It's like you've actually stepped into a really depressing documentary
76561198087741432,Recommended,239030,7130451,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Cú Chulainn,.
,Recommended,239030,16350624,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GanksterGangster,"Bought during steam sales after going through some reviews, very different game compared to what i'm normally used to playing but it is very addictive"
,Recommended,239030,16353842,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RealMcKye,Art.
,Recommended,239030,16190683,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Praetor,"A mind Boggling puzzling in which you play as a simple immigrant guard, simply checking to see if these guys are valid for entry.A dude put c4 on my desk.and i had to disarm it.They could be terrorists,journalists, or even worse, JORJI.oh, jorji, the pervert terrorist drug dealing forger. boy do i want to shoot you. Jorji comes to the line all the time, first, he doesent have anything, then he forges the passport. then hes outdated. then hes valid for access. one week later, hes back, AND WITH DRUGS! this happens twice. im still on day 22, so thats all ive seen of jorji.And i hope its the last.Hard at first, Fun second. and please murder jorji at the end.Great gameplay,Flawless story."
76561198103650955,Recommended,239030,14501382,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,trading defuse kit skins,"This game is really fun.There's so many possibilities and outcomes. It might sound boring, but really is a challenge. It strains your brain and your eyes to try and look at every little thing on the passport, but going fast enough so you can pass more people by and get enough money for your family.It is a little frustrating if you get stuck because of something you did, and you have to restart at a certain point, but is still super fun.8/10"
,Recommended,239030,2650862,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Crelley,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA.
76561198032477895,Recommended,239030,16130823,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Trippy,"Initially looks like it was programmed in machine code from the 1980'sPassport booth is upgraded to 16 Bit programming.You probably wouldn't want such a job in real life, why suffer it in the game world?To keep your family alive of course!The game manages to turn a seemingly dull concept into an interesting and poignant one.The retro graphics somehow don't seem out of place and along with the music create a bleakness in keeping with a red army state behind the former iron curtain, and the game survives this as the focus is on the gameplay.Checking passports!  No fancy scenery needed.You feel pressurized to get people moving through the queue and stamped in.  You feel pressurized to avoid making mistakes.  You feel pressurized to keep your family alive and maybe get out of this craphole situation.  Damn... was that woman really a bloke?   Maybe no heating this week then :(Doesn't offer much in the way of replay value, but the time spent on it does immerse you.  You just need to get away to a better life."
,Recommended,239030,16216402,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wontimm,CALL 519-329-9199
,Recommended,239030,16218055,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,_cricks,"Great indie game. Haven't spent 100s of hours on it, but it is very well put together."
,Recommended,239030,16396023,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dork-King,"Only four days in and I wanna scream. I can't make enough money to pay rent, food, heat, AND medicine for my family, and every time i f*** up I lose more money.Oh yeah, and rent went up.9/10 this game makes you think, wanna cry, kill a fake country, and save your family. Will play again!"
76561198048395966,Recommended,239030,16398664,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,JamesC1768,"ProsA really cool, soviet style atmosphere held throughout the game, giving a real sense of the greyness and terror of communist life. Nice indie graphics that are definitely a credit to the game and make it better. Really intuitive gameplay with a tirade of people to assess whether they are good enough for arstotzka!ConsGlory to arstotzka, no problems here!VerdictBuy or feel wrath of Arstotzkan border guards."
76561198116004358,Recommended,239030,16399090,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,trent1inventor,"Nothing sounds like a worse idea for a game than Papers, Please. The sales pitch had to have gone something like this:Dev: Ok, I've got an excellent idea for a game here.CEO: Ok, shoot.Dev: The player lives in a dysytopian country...CEO: AND SHOOTS ZOMBIES!Dev: No.CEO: Oh, ok, continue.Dev: So he sits in an office...CEO: AND THEN GOES ON AN EPIC SHOOTING ADVENTURE!Dev: No.CEO: Oh, ok, continue.Dev: And stamps passports.CEO:...Dev: But!CEO: Good, I was about to fire you.Dev: He has a family that he gets money for rent, food, heat, and medicine...CEO: AND HIS SON IS ACTUALLY THE PROTAGONIST AND GOES ON AN EPIC SHOOTUMUP TO SAVE HIS DAD!Dev: No.CEO: Oh, ok, continue.Dev: And money is only given to the player when he...CEO: SHOOTS THE...!Dev: NO! LET ME FINISH!CEO:...Dev: (sigh) when he correctly assigns either a Aproved stamp or a Denied Stamp. The game gets progressivly harder.CEO:...Dev: But!CEO: Good, I was about to fire you.Dev: And he has to make moral choices... without a morality bar.CEO:... Briliant!It goes without saying that this is tied for my favorite game of all time"
76561198160785285,Recommended,239030,16402143,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Arby,"Throughout late 1982 I dutifully maintained the border checkpoint in Grestin, although I had worked with teh rebels I generally stayed on teh side of the law. Then Sergio the guard came. He was friendly and we worked together to take down any terrorists. One day Sergio told me that his long lost love was coming through the checkpoint. When she did she didn't have the right paperwork but I still let her in. I had already docked multiple citations that day and because of her my family didn't have heating or food. I was still happy though, I had reunited two lovers. Minutes before the day ended however, a co-ordinated group of terrorists attacked. I and Sergio took them all down but I shot the last one a second after he threw a grenade... that killed Sergio.Don't think I've ever become more distraught when some pixels died in my entire life. 10/10"
76561198077526163,Recommended,239030,16379389,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Phatballllz,This is a good game
76561198054914965,Recommended,239030,16390571,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Peter Griffin,COBRASTAN IS A REAL COUNTRY!!!
,Recommended,239030,16432683,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zerphane,"You should get this game, it's cheap, it's interesting, and it's a bold attempt at something new. You owe it to yourself to get away from the rehashed Sport games, RPG's and C.O.D clones and check out this refreshing game."
,Recommended,239030,16433322,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Asspull,"I'm just gonna say it takes guts to make a game about paper work and desk managment and expect it to sell. But its still a great game, and whats great is which side are you on? Are you loyal, or are you thinking thoughts of your own? Theres so much more to this game then paper work and im glad."
76561197972903639,Recommended,239030,16434409,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Stop_Dying_Jason_Seriously!,"If you don't have a passport, please get out!!Fun!  This game reflects on my actual living expenses too..which is poor lol"
76561198024624155,Recommended,239030,16434640,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Podunk Noname,Depressing and hopeless.
76561198055344859,Recommended,239030,16420251,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dragoneye,Stalin would be proud - Barack Obama
,Recommended,239030,16420516,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Grimnir,Glory To Arstotzka :3
,Recommended,239030,8257053,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DONIII,"I never thought being an immigration officer could be that fun. For its price, I recommend this."
,Recommended,239030,8236279,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Shup Nukka,This game is addicting! I need to play more soon.
,Recommended,239030,8236420,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dines,Awesome. Who could have thought that border agent could be so engaging...
,Recommended,239030,8237043,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,small spider,Is good
,Recommended,239030,8238958,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Icedawg,"The simplicity, plus the music, plus the overall feel of the game is amazing.  It's amazing how much stress you can get from keeping your fake family alive, knowing you cant screw up."
,Recommended,239030,8239410,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jemkhoo,"Papers, Please is a surprising gem of a game which will hook you in. It may look boring, but it is anything but."
,Recommended,239030,8239615,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Chester,Not too bad :)
,Recommended,239030,8242152,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PlayStationJohn,"A simple game that, despite it being all about checking paperwork, is really a lot of fun.  You get a strange sense of accomplishment anytime you detain a criminal or reject someone with incomplete paperwork.  It's a lot of fun, but beware!  If you have stuff to do, this game will take all of your time away! 4 1/2 out of 5!"
,Recommended,239030,8242165,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Alabama wind chime,So good
,Recommended,239030,8117775,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ghostmech007,This game is so simple in concept but is pulled off so well I can't say enough good things about it.  It's brilliant in it's design with the throwback 8-bit graphics along with the simple sound editing.  It's written like a mystery novel that you have to know what will happen in the end.  You are pulled into the game with the very first time you hear the pulsing sound of the main theme.It's addicting.Just buy it.
,Recommended,239030,8122327,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MarkBetaOne,"A strange little game, different but fun"
,Recommended,239030,8123424,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Jim Halpert,"Life as a boarder control officer isn't easy, and boy, does this game hit home.I'm not sure what I was expecting with Papers, Please, seeing as it was on sale when I got it and I knew little to nothing about it. I was pleasently surprised to find a charming, yet dark and depressing, game. The art style is unique and it fits perfectly with the sound effects and very little music the game has. The gameplay is easily graspable, fun, and challenging at times, even a bit saddening. It's a simple game about a heavy topic, and it tells a wonderful story which, depending on you, could end not so wonderfully, or just as much. With more than 20 endings, there's so much replayability, it's definitely worth a buy. You will not regret it.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198005153321,Recommended,239030,8124649,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sphinx2318,Very addicting and fun!
,Recommended,239030,8125129,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,owlwo,This is a game that everybody should play when it goes on sale. A great title to have.
,Recommended,239030,8180372,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Willard,"Really great game, but very subtle and difficult. Makes you pay attention to every little detail, and blends the monotonous work ""gameplay"" with the narravtive elements extremely well. Some interesting characters in the game. Never thought working the border would be this enjoyable. Also, provides endless replayability with an actual endless mode, plus 20 different endings for the story. The gameplay becomes kind of addicting and you want to play more, and also want to uncover what happens in the a story. One of the best indie games I've played this year, and one of the best games I've played this year period. 9/10"
76561198042023921,Recommended,239030,8180491,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Superwalk,"Papers Please, a very grim and sad game. Let me just tell you this right now: Buy it.Now that that's been said, allow me to explain a bit about the game itself without spoiling it.You're a border inspector for cold war, communist, Russia-esque country. There's not much gameplay in the game itself except for stamping passports, which you're probably thinking to yourself now ""Why should I buy a game about stmaping passports?"". Because, at the same time while you stamp passports, you're attempting to maintain your family, giving them food, paying heat, paying off rent. So, you essentially have your sob story. HOWEVER, while you're stamping passports you'll have people without some of their documents and they'll tell you their sob story. They'll either attempt to bribe you so they can go through or just hope that you'll be a saint. So you're juggling around whether you can't afford the tickets for your bills or maybe you'll help this guy. But it only gets worse. You have to do this difficult decisions under time. All the while terrorists are invading you borders, independence factions, smugglers, drug dealers, etc.There's a LOT more to this game, but unfortunately I don't want to spoil it. Anyway, good game is good, so good that it's on my top 10 list for 2013, so you should buy it."
,Recommended,239030,8180938,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Pectar,"This game has absolutely no right being as fun as it is. If you're a fan of strange games that are pushing the boundaries of what gaming actually is, then you need to pick up Paper Please and give it a go."
76561197991396430,Recommended,239030,8181059,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tumorseal,"All I want is bread for family, must keep line moving, but beatings and fines happen when mistakes are made.MOVE FASTER, DO NOT MESS UP!Play this game Comrade."
,Recommended,239030,8182173,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,redb1rd05,"Is great game almost as good as Arstotzka, glory to Arstotzka. 9.9/10"
,Recommended,239030,8182399,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tenshi,"I tranfer for job. They pay best wages. I stamp, they pay, yes?So much learn, yet simple. I must feed family. Sick Unkle and family. I work now, you play..."
76561198045345941,Recommended,239030,11093649,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Awkward Isek,"This game is pretty awesome and chill, slight times that the terrorists get past you, despite them having all requirements needed and having everything in order >_<. I really do recommend this, Its got really good graphics that compliment this type of game."
,Recommended,239030,11072535,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ned,i dont like kolechiansthey can go suck a ♥♥♥♥
76561197963882586,Recommended,239030,8177252,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Spyder,"This is how a political works in videogame form, through making the gameplay THE STORY. instead of doing what other ""political games"" (cough bioshock infinite) by adding superficial presentation and narrative over a blockbuster action game.though the critique of communism may be dated--the idea of bueracracy, time limits and the limitations of your personal and moral desires when faced with a state or corporate strictures is timeless."
,Recommended,239030,11077146,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mister Blasty,"When I first heard about this game, I thought there was no way that this game could possibly be interesting. But I was completely wrong. Never has a game about checking paperwork been so addicting. The gameplay slowly gets more complex over the days you play it and my obsession with making sure everything was correct kept me coming back until I reached a viable ending. The story being told through newspaper clippings at the beginning of the day gave a purpose to your job every morning. Being a person who naturally despises authoritarianism, I appreciate the 20 endings that developer Lucas Pope decided to put into the game and you could probably guess which way I leaned towards the end. Kudos! Play this game! Now!"
,Recommended,239030,11077607,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,IPunt,I love crushing the hopes of the innocent and destorying the lives of the undeserving.Also I decided to not give my family medicine and they all died.10/10
,Recommended,239030,10986137,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheDogeFatherツ,"It's definitely worth the 4.49€ i have paid for it. It's very simple, but very very enjoyable and good."
76561198114347373,Recommended,239030,10989643,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GustaMagik,"Gameplay - this game make you prevail in working for mother Russia or you will die. Love the gameplay, simple, frustrating and fun. Controls - no remarks on this. It just works. Graphics - I think that the bit graphic makes this game justice as modern graphics would leave you with the presumption that there would be more to the game than it it. Music - One of the things I like the most with this game. Got me hooked instantly, I'm all set to serve the motherland. Score of 9/10."
,Recommended,239030,11080368,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,nathpm,"Just started the endless mode, great game. Can't stop playing."
,Recommended,239030,11080431,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,CharlieLima79,"'Papers, Please' is a mesmerizing game that presents you with moral dilemmas that test your loyalty to your family and country, your commitment to your work, your ability to show or suppress compassion, and your desire to rise above your lot in life to make a difference. The game designer managed to accomplish all this in an elaborately crafted branching narrative, told through a simple, though somewhat repetitive, immigration investigation game. It's definitely a game that will appeal more to the cerebral gamers."
,Recommended,239030,11080438,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,PopTart,"You wouldn't think checking documents over and over again would be fun, but you'll be surprised. I was. The game is actually pretty deep and you'll learn a lot about history through its fiction. You can play it 10 minutes at a time no problem, and the game is very cheap ($2.50 at time of review)"
,Recommended,239030,11084081,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Nigel Regal,"This game is very odd. I would pick it up on sale only as it will be a hit or miss.You basically just look at papers and let people in or out of the country. The problem becomes if you make mistakes with people or do things wrong you lose money and you NEED money to feed, heat house, get medicine etc.You will be stuck choosing between feeding your hungry child or buying medicine for your wife. You will start to become more cold and calculating. The people coming through will give you really tough stories to not help them out but it's a matter of chooing their life or your families. I found this very well done as typically I won't put too much thought into things like that and most people will just want to help people out but when you have to sacrifice health of your family it becomes harder."
,Recommended,239030,11085423,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ghost pew,"Fantastic, different game. Requires a keen eye to do well. If you're looking for a change of pace this will do it!"
,Recommended,239030,10939527,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fidgitswift,"Papers, Please puts you in a setting, time, culture and gives you something that imerses people no matter where they are: a job.It never breaks character while you play, consistantly reminding you of your place and what your supposed to be doing--it's your job to be repetitive and to notice unwelcome changes.As a checkpoint officer, your tasked with checking the passports of people coming in to Atrokska. After awhile, your job gets difficult with the fluxuations of rules tailored to the changing laws of your country.Through it all, you must remain consistant, vigilant, and aware....unless you simply don't want to.Papers, Please offers you multiple oppertunities to stray from the mundane repetitive nature of your employment, but simple choices could lead to huge outcomes; bad and good.This title can offer you immersion without the player entirely realizing it, and indeed they do this very well. Before you know it, you step back from your PC wondering why you just spent three hours looking at passports.No, seriously.Passports.In a game.I suggest this title to anyone looking for a quirky but satisfying sim.Glory to Atroksa."
,Recommended,239030,10940006,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,I am the liquor,Addictive
76561198028665064,Recommended,239030,10942361,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Parkerz,This Game Is so worth it!
,Recommended,239030,11027543,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,gigert9,"I circled this title for quite a long time before finally giving in and purchasing it. I read reviews, watched a little gameplay, and tried to understand what the draw could be. The concept is seemingly very boring, putting you in the position of an average border patrol agent. However, various events quickly transpire and the game reveals its true soul. Within this quirky game lies conspiracies, bribes, politics, undercover agents, and much more. It becomes almost impossibly to not assume the life and world presented to you within this game. After playing a few runs, I've still only been able to come out with one of twenty possible endings. I'm still going back to find the rest and, though I have to replay some basic gameplay, I'm not overwhelmed or upset with the idea of redoing previous actions. Of course, if you'd rather not start from scratch, you may pick up any game from any point. It's really a very well constructed title, and definitely worth the pricetag (even at full price). Of all the games I purchased during the summer sale, this is my favorite. I could not reccommend this more. The writing, the gameplay, top to bottom it's great.Five Stars."
,Recommended,239030,11038721,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Matrioshka,glory to arstotzka
76561198035444153,Recommended,239030,11068602,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Monkeycooties,"One of the best games I played in the past year. The story is thought provoking and challenging. The multiple endings are interesting to ""unlock"" as a result of your actions in the game.  It is not throughly difficult, but it is interesting and a great game to pick up & play."
76561198131506046,Recommended,239030,11069446,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Enticingfear,Great game
,Recommended,239030,11070228,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ovidiua2003,"You won't believe this but it's a wonderful game. Love the retro feel and the dark, sad humour behind it. It would be an awesome game if you would have more situations to deal with, more... game. Maybe in Papers, Please 2 ? :)))"
76561198039007330,Recommended,239030,11086080,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,FlippyClooney,An interesting look into the morals of a person when put under the pressure of an oppressive and dictator-like government. Glory to Arstotzka. 9/10
,Recommended,239030,11239837,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,melted teeth,8-bit point-and-click puzzler. Has all the charm most games nowadays lacks.
76561198030128513,Recommended,239030,11238339,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,regalseagull,"Addictive and challenging, with a fittingly oppressive art style and soundtrack, gradual learning curve, and multiple endings."
,Recommended,239030,11180252,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,znd,One of the best games of the year. This game totally surprised me. Simply amazing.For Arstotzka!5/5
76561198154974759,Recommended,239030,15015366,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Anonymoose,"This game ♥♥♥♥s with your mind, in a good way..."
,Recommended,239030,4647439,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Trash Gordon,"Such an addictive game.What looks like a shallow puzzler quickly reveals itself to be a complex problem solver in a race against time.It's got its own style, and couple with it a branching story with up to 20 endings, Paper, Please offers hours of play for a cheap price."
76561198071559800,Recommended,239030,14513872,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lord_Pravus,"Strangely fascinating. The game is challenging enough just keeping up with all the laws and regulations involved in checking passports, but there is an underlying, subtle story that keeps you playing for hours."
,Recommended,239030,14265194,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Destaver,Very challenging and detail-oriented game 9/10
,Recommended,239030,14266623,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr.Legitt,Used to be able to sell nude photos11/10 Would Fap Again
76561198202350696,Recommended,239030,14551881,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,kailisgordon,even though its pixel graphics its amazing.just watch out for bomers
,Recommended,239030,11630689,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,LaptopDragon,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,14554201,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Toru,Amazing. Kneel and pay homage before your new king-game.
76561198028574008,Recommended,239030,14388186,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,3y3s0r3,"Never thought I could have so much fun doing the most mundane thing.  Having played thru the game a little bit now, I'm guininely interested in where the story goes."
76561198097745504,Recommended,239030,14391456,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,HPWebcamAble,Very fun. Style works great.
76561198148983134,Recommended,239030,14394490,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,pmc2112,mabey yes mabey noo
76561198007865616,Recommended,239030,14351404,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,T-dog1996,"Brilliant game. The gameplay and story are both deep and compelling. I mean, helping the resistance topple the brutal Arstotzkan dictatorship is all well and good, but you've had two citations already, and you can't afford to pay the fine. You want to abide by the rules as much as possible, but your boss is threatening to have you thrown in jail if you don't break them for a friend of his, and your son's birthday is coming up. The clock is ticking, and you need the extra five credits from another processing, but you don't have enough time to properly read an applicant's documents. Is it worth the risk? This game is very human, and you have to balance your morals with the need to survive. You will almost certainly do something that goes completely against your sense of morality if you play this game, and it gives you a real sense of how it must have been to be a cog in a brutal communist regime, wanting to help people but fearing for your own life and those of your family. The washed out, greying 90s graphics are very well used here, and give an extra sense of dystopian terror to the gameSolid 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,30500045,Posted: 13 March,all,LocoPlains13,"I'm not saying that this was one of the most inmersing games I've ever played, because nearly every game I have played is inmerse for me. But I consider a game good, when it makes you doubt if what you're doing is right, when the gamle makes you take a choice totally relying on your morals, that is when a game is inmerse for me. And not only that, the game does have graphics that make it look that was made back in the 90s, the graphics are just another one of the many features that, along with the soundtrack, makes the game unique, at least for me. The story is good, the characters in it is good, the humour is good. I'd completely recommend this game for anyone that enjoys being under pressure, people who have played it will understand."
,Recommended,239030,14372699,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,multidan250,"I don't understand why people say this game is boring. Everyday there is something different. Terrorist attacks, New papers, different people and bribes, EZIC etc.This game really gets you into that Soviet mood and makes you feel responsible for everything that happens around you."
,Recommended,239030,9679892,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Galxis,"Such an awesome Game!Wouldn't believed it, until I saw a Video about it & then I bought it & it is awesome!You really should buy it!It's worth the money!"
76561198033726493,Recommended,239030,14377998,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,gitter1226,"I love this game, but I can't figure out why.  I just spent an entire Saturday hammering away!  I get so caught up in spotting fakes that it actually throws me off my game when someone walks in and starts talking about posters hanging on my wall.  Especially since you're under constant pressure to push people through the line quickly.  A surprisingly fun game."
76561198061027030,Recommended,239030,14365293,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Uber Thumbs,"Who knew that filing paperwork could be such a blast? This game is consistently entertaining, packed with surprises, and even has some morality-check decision making. An amazing indie."
,Recommended,239030,14370713,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Aloehart,"Something truly unique. This is a great argument for gaming as art, but I'm reviewing on the game itself and not what it represents.The game is repetitive by nature, but that does nothing to make it less enjoyable. It will pull you in, it will have you obsessing over minute details, you wll become frustrated, and you will master paper pushing. This is a game and an experience that everyone should try."
76561198007191642,Recommended,239030,14345757,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xeemix,Is best game.
76561198040886722,Recommended,239030,14300073,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Noren,"This game is simply astonishing. At first sight you might think this game looks boring, but that is far from the truth. The game has an intriguing story with a grim feeling to it. The gamelay of stamping the passports may seem repetive but it is actually a lot of fun and adicting. The concentration mixed with the feelings brought by the plot and characters, as well as the nerves of the time limit makes this game one of the best games I've played in a long time. Sadly after finnishing the story there is not much to do except endless. ""Papers, Please 2"" would be a blessing by the gods.9.5/10"
,Recommended,239030,9862637,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Harbinger,By far the best indie game on Steam. Replayability akes it extremely enjoyable.
76561198008000549,Recommended,239030,9865336,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Gough,"Papers Please is a nice fun casual game. The 1st, 2nd or even 3rd time you play it you will get reports that you allowed someone with the wrong documents but you will get use to it all. The hardest thing I find is not remembering the citys in each country but its easy enough to look up in your rule book. I am yet to complete the game to unlock the endless game mode (even though its availible on the internet but dont want to shorten the game life)Recommend this game is made fun from the different things you have to do, the best thing is picking up a man/woman with wrong sex on the passport, simple x-ray can make you give them a green stamp lol"
76561197995716364,Recommended,239030,9996330,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Shalashaska,"YOU WORK HARD, FAMILY NO DIE"
,Recommended,239030,9997688,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,il Catania,Is very good game.You must play.Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,9999103,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Estronimo,Best border inspector simulator game I've played all year. 10/10 GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
,Recommended,239030,10000549,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mailman,Thanks to this game i have finally been able to pursue my dream career working border patrol. I put the fact that i played this game on my resume and was hired on the spot! Now i get to help Canada and keep the streets safe... Uh oh. A TERRORIST SHOOT HIM... aaaaaaand now my best friend is dead and im arrested... great..
76561198122132421,Recommended,239030,9994311,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,theporkisgood,Absolutely loved the game. I went into it not expecting much and I was blown away. The originality of the game is superb. I love  that the game sucks you in and I can't wait for more from this developer.
,Recommended,239030,9972660,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,D2Kvirus,"Papers, Please is a hard sell, after all the sentence ""Eastern Bloc immigration official simulator"" sounds anything but fun, let alone something that will maintain interest.  Yet despite this apparent handicap, the game is totally engrossing, as you decide who can enter Arstotzka - and it really is a matter of life or death in some cases - and it poses so many questions about the gamers' ethics and morals.Even though it seems to be a drudgery sim, with you doing little more than stamping passports for the duration, there's several storylines that run through the game and a sly streak of humour amidst the oppression and the dystopian greyness that stops the game feeling grim.It may not be for everyone, as the game requires you to concentrate on the papers in front of you as well as keep a good memory of the nations and cities around you, but this gives Papers, Please an old school charm from the era where taking notes would get you through a game successfully, so if this is up your proverbial street this is a game for you.  Be warned, though: you will be humming the theme tune for days."
,Recommended,239030,9974759,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,|LLCJSBJCB|KevIsAZombie,"Quick Fresh experience, won a bunch of awards at GDC 2013. Makes me miss the USSR. Nothing else like it"
,Recommended,239030,7301413,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,؟,The Glory of Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,7400538,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,M1ke,Glory to New Arstotzka! Or a...
,Recommended,239030,7391643,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Luke Groundwalker,Hilarious game that requires you to think before you act!
,Recommended,239030,9979957,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Gamefrek184,"Although it sounds quite boring simply checking papers to make sure that people can pass or not, the game is actually quite fun. with funny moments and abit of story such as repeat charecters, terrorist attacks, and the struggle of making enough money to care for your family.Papers,Please is a very fun game for what it is especially made by a single guy. I love this game although the only fault i have with it is sometimes I dont know what I did wrong or when i feel overwhelmed simply by all the stuff i have to check but at the same time the rush of wanting to hurry and be through. But then again thats why I like this game because you have to be fast and get people done with but at the same time you have to be careful."
,Recommended,239030,9981257,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Cleverous,If it wasn't so hilarious it would feel like work.
,Recommended,239030,8735690,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,WoodlandFrosty,Might be favourite game of 2014 MAYBE...........
76561197970756145,Recommended,239030,8736334,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Wookiee,"This game understands the problems with immigration and boarder control better than most politicians. ""A Dystopian Document Thriller"" delivers exactly what it says on the box. One of the most engrossing, involving and thought provoking games I have ever played.After a while it is not like you even enjoy the game, but you must keep going to keep your family alive! I know that some of my decisions cost the lives of many, but I can live with that as long as my son gets his medicine. And this is the true genius of this game, it involves you. Each morning you read about the horrible things happening while walking to work, most of which you are more than likely instrumental in causing, and each morning you make more decisions that will have more horrible consequences. And you know all this and do them anyway. Not gladly but because you must! Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,8736540,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,HeyPrivate [MG],This game has absolutely no business being as fun as it is. If you can get past the design choice (read: graphics) it is strangely addicting. Be warned: attention to detail and good memory is a must. The devil is truly in the details in this game.
,Recommended,239030,8738765,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,benny sela,"Just get it,please."
,Recommended,239030,8739758,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ezra Morningstar,"I never thought a game about being a border guard stamping passports all day would be interesting... enter Papers, Please.  I found myself completely drawn into the world that the creator of the game painted for me - a bleak, dystopian country, where you have to earn enough money to keep your family fed and housed, and your pay is directly tied to the amount of people you process at the border.  Don't stamp enough passports?  Little Timmy is going hungry.  Can't keep up with all the new rules that your bosses are creating each day?  The fines from all those citations you get from screwing up might mean you can't pay your heating bill.This game is an indie masterpiece, and goes to show you that even with the bare minimum of graphics and sound, you can create an enthralling gaming experience.  Essentially, it's a puzzle game - each day, you have a set of rules you must abide by in accepting or rejecting people who want to cross the border.  You must learn to quickly compare information and determine their eligibility for entry.  You will feel your morals tested at every turn.  An old woman hasn't seen her son in ages, and wants to cross, but she doesn't have the right papers.  Will you let her through, even though it will earn you a citation?  A couple wants to cross - the husband has papers, but the wife does not.  Do you let the husband through, and deny the wife?  All the while that you're playing, story events are happening around you, and the ending will be different depending on your choices.The only people who I would advise to avoid this game are those who do not like puzzle games and/or games that require very quick thinking.  It can get hectic and stressful at times, and some of likened it to a ""real job.""  I wouldn't go that far, but the game can certainly be challenging until you get some practice.Overall?  This is a brilliant game.  9.5/10 and highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,8743351,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,୧ʕ•̀ᴥ•́ʔ୨,10/10Glory to Arstotzka
76561198067650120,Recommended,239030,6502190,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Mako Memelord,"If anybody in your vicinity questions whether or not video games can be art, just shove this game in their face and leave them alone with it for a while. Papers, Please thrives on hard decision-making and emotional attachment. Should you be the most brutal immigration officer possible, in order to insure the wellbeing of your family? Will you be self-sacrificing, and let through those who need it most at you and your family's expense? Or will you attempt to overthrow the system from within, to improve your family's life in the long-term? These questions are engrossing, and will keep you hooked to the story.The gameplay itself sounds like it should be dull, but is instead utterly unique and addicting.  If you have a good eye for details, and love fast-paced games with a gentle learning curve, then this game is for you.Just play Papers, Please, dammit."
76561198068063499,Recommended,239030,9057388,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,_T.e.G.i.a_whydoyouwanttoknow,its ok it could be better with some thing like comunity mods but its a good game
76561197990946490,Recommended,239030,9058961,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,PinkieDash,I feel as if my brain got a work out beating this.. I will likely beat it several times because i enjoyed it so much!!  With the several endings it gives it plenty of replay value.  It will truly stretch your mental abilites :P
76561198119182519,Recommended,239030,9059944,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Wolf_0126,"Very unique game. Great mechanics, unique graphics, and moderate replayability (mostly for the different endings). It can be a little frustrating at times, especially when you mess up and earn a citation, but don't let that ruin the game for you. Easily scores a 9.5 out of 10 for me. :)"
,Recommended,239030,9041658,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,lemonliam,"I have a ton of fun playing this game, but not only that, it makes me really question my choices and actions without forcing some sort of weak ""karma"" system like in other games.I absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,239030,9045084,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,PunkEconomic,"Surprisingly enjoyable.First off I enjoy how complex it is. You always have to be on the top of your game, but quick about it. If you make too many mistakes or pass too few people, you won't make enough money to feed your family that week.I also like how it also allows you to make some moral decisions. Willing to face a penalty to reunite a couple? Stop a criminal? Get an achievement? (Yes to all 3, by the way) It adds a bit more replayability to the game, where I can see what happens if I chose the different option."
,Recommended,239030,9829241,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,NullifidianNick,"Papers, Please is a testiment to the fact that a video game doesn't have to be ""fun"" to be important. Papers, Please accentuates the mundanity of a run of the mill desk job in which the player is told exactly what to do by your superiors, and punished for not following the rules exactly. The game presents a lot of interesting scenarios in which the rules feel more like a grey structural outline for the player to either follow or bend a little bit in order to make meaningful, personal decisions. I found myself, on many occasions, stretching the rules to do the morally right thing, even if my cold-hearted superiors would vehemently dissagree with my actions. Papers, Please simulates being human in a very profound way."
76561198072243965,Recommended,239030,10063371,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Wekken,"After hearing so much about this game I just had to give it a go. I poured myself a proper cuppa, set aside a few Garibaldis and got cracking......And cracking it was! The gameplay is perfect for those who like a bit of order in their lives, and is slightly addictive to say the least. I really love stamping things, and you get to do a lot of that. It's epic.The graphics and music are, of course, a tad crappy. But that's the point! The game is set in an alternate version of the 1980s, so I presume it's been designed to emulate the feel of games in those days. Furthermore, it provides real evidence towards the fact that a game doesn't need to look all spangly to be captivating. In fact, I genuinely believe the game benefits from the simplicity of its style.The game isn't overly hard, and probably could be made more testing in later levels without destroying the fun, so a possible update from the developers in that way would be a lovely thing. But even if they never do, I will cherish my time at my checkpoint in Arstotzka. Yes I will."
,Recommended,239030,10065482,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,bubz,Super addicting game. Definitely one of a kind and many endings depending on choices made in game!
76561198054608042,Recommended,239030,10065669,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Gerald of Pollanalty,What an amazing game! I don't think I've played a game where my political consciousness was more wide awake. An absolute must-play experience with a hidden yet strong political agenda that WILL make you think.
,Recommended,239030,9707424,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,[T1BWR] St Gopnik man,I love this game! glory to new Arstotka! thies game is great!!! i dont no why you people arnt throwng mony at thies game!!!
,Recommended,239030,9627405,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Sgaragagghu,absolutely
,Recommended,239030,9627561,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Axolotl Warrior,"It's a fun and innovative game which has a really not very often seen gameplay, it's really addictive though."
,Recommended,239030,9628259,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,LuXo³,A boring job made super fun!
,Recommended,239030,9628544,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,[コロシ] Murdersauce,"This is incredibly addicting!  Ever wanted to kick those customs inspectors in the nuts?  .. well you can't in this, but you get to be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ inspector"
,Recommended,239030,9629175,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,E- la -in,Pleasant surprise. Screenshots looked a bit strange and boring but the challenge this game provides is amazing. I highly recommend trying this out!
76561198004816967,Recommended,239030,9610433,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Gordon Ramsay,"Really really fun. I cannot do anything else while playing this game, it demands you to pay attention. 9/10"
76561198062316312,Recommended,239030,9611150,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,lawfulevil,"The game is OK. Get it when on sale, otherwise a little bit overpriced."
76561198130648299,Recommended,239030,9611184,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,smboylan,"This game was my first purchase on steam and it was the right one! I got this game on deal for half price of £4 and the orignal price is still worth it, this is by far the best strategy/simulation game i have played. I now get why it won awards at the game baftas. THis game is amazing 5* 10/10"
76561198017946630,Recommended,239030,7889712,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Details,Funny as hell
,Recommended,239030,7891089,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Elbonio,"Fun game, I would recommend if it's £5 or less"
76561197970271064,Recommended,239030,7891153,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Flannel Deathray,"I get turned off by indie games that are all style and no substance (gameplay), but this one walks the line just perfectly. But it when it's on sale and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,239030,451041,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Saltank,Original. Intensive. Involving. Intelligent. GET IT!
,Recommended,239030,2158997,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,LittleOne,One of those hidden indie pearls that you should give a try.Will you stay loyal to your country? Or will you take any chance you have to earn some extra cash?
,Recommended,239030,7825925,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Biggles,good
,Recommended,239030,2510471,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Yashabo,"cool game . Has a feel like oregon trail , where you have to earn money to keep your family alive . but instead of earning that money by trading , you earn the money by arresting and processing illegal imigrants .Takes a keen eye and some multi tasking ."
,Recommended,239030,7875579,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,bit`blit,"Pretty unique and enjoyable game. Although a hesitant purchase, I'm very happy with it. Did not expect it to be as fun as it is! Well done."
,Recommended,239030,7857202,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dove HIPSTER,"What at first sight would be a pretentious and boring concept turns into something delightful. ""Papers, Please"" manages to strip down a document based concept and turn bureaucratic paperwork into something fun and enjoyable.The game manages to tell a history that brings the player into the game, becoming what it really promises as a ""thriller"". Set on a dystopian past on some dystopian government, this game really tenses you as it puts in the perspective of a humble government employee fighting for a living.As you progress through the game, it sucks you more into it, forcing you to pay more attention to the little details, and in a very subtle way manages to slip decisions into its gameplay.If you love ruining other's people dreams and feeling tense, this is definitely your game."
,Recommended,239030,7877869,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ordos Wangicus,"This game is somehow riveting and intense, despite it being a border checkpoint simulator.  I love it."
,Recommended,239030,1468816,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Aussie Ben,Just brilliant. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,7878117,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Bubbay,"There is no way to describe this game to make it sound fun: you are an immigration official responsible for inspecting immigrants' paperwork before allowing them into the country.  The 8-bit graphics, the MIDI sound -- it all seems like it should be a boring game, but the weird part is, the game is strangely compelling.Using amazingly simple compnents, Papers, Please weaves a brilliant story that draws you in and makes you care about characters you never see, feel for a state that is truly oppressive, and strive to do the best you can at a boring and repetetive job.  Add in a branching storyline with 20 different endings depending on your actions, it is well worth the $10 when at full price; at any sort of a discount, it is a crime not to buy it."
,Recommended,239030,7840874,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Krugar,One of the most original and enjoyable games I've played this year.
,Recommended,239030,418719,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,UllerRM,Makes you want to keep playing to find out more -- despite the fact that the game is intentionally designed to be repetitive and dreary.  Glory to Arstotska.
,Recommended,239030,7841144,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crazy Harry,"This is a hard game, let me repeat that, this game is hard.It is also not your standard game, you probably have no experience in playing this kind of game.Like any other game, it starts easy but the learning curve is very steep.Also, the interface does not help. It still needs a lot of tweaking as the interface needs more accurate actions than the graphics let you believe. That is very unfortunate, it makes it a worse game that it could be.The game really let's you feel like you are in acting on the civilian side of a (cold)warzone in some East-European country.The originality of the game, and the fun it offers, makes it a recommendable game.7/10 Better than average and the potential to become better than that with a fix of the interface."
76561198013524937,Recommended,239030,7841258,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,David Blast,"An incredible achievement. With a depressingly simple game mechanic, it manages to surpass most other offerings in terms of immersion and narrative. In a world where there's an increased focus on gamefication, I could easily see this being applied to a grammar school curriculum, helping to make young people understand how horrifyingly simple it is to become a spook in the wheel.This game belongs on everyone's bucket list."
,Recommended,239030,7842381,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,0x41414141,This game is a jewel. Is very progressive. Original gameplay. A pleasure to play.
76561197966626092,Recommended,239030,251452,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Abidus,"Great visual style, great music, great sound effects, great gameplay. One of the most unique games I've ever played. Surprisingly entertaining and dynamic, not to mention hard!  Despite the $10 price tag, there is definitely a lot more to this than meets the eye."
,Recommended,239030,7843990,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cadavere Fiore,A new experience. Fun and quite the brain tickler.
76561197965931531,Recommended,239030,7844132,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cpt. Paperclip,"Easy to learn, diffcult to master. Who would have thought that a game about an anonymous immigration officer would be so enthralling? Excellent execution of the concept and a masterful realisation makes this game a must everyone who loves indie games, and to anyone who like me loves old school point and click adventures..."
,Recommended,239030,9943110,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SuperWhiteGuy,"Starts off easy, then gets harder (in a good way). Makes you think humanly, not just like a robot."
,Recommended,239030,9943512,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Cookie Monster,"Brilliant gameplay, especially considering what the game really is: comparing papers for the smallest discrepancies.Interesting storyline, exiting accidents, 20 different endings, a family to sustain and even a cult you can choose to help or report.No idea why this is enjoyable in the slightest, but it is.10/10, not a single regret since buying this."
,Recommended,239030,9037701,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,kruteyebbo,Most original game in years. Simply amazing.
76561198027936475,Recommended,239030,9100890,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,WiteLuxin,"Why is this game so fun? i have no idea, but its great!"
,Recommended,239030,9103650,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Nem838,"This game is very inventive and really makes you think and truly question foregin policy. Its fun and addictive, with a decent story mode and plenty of stamping joy."
,Recommended,239030,9104523,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kwarter,"A creative art style/theme that plays well into the ""Imperialistic"" feel of the game. You really get the sense of urgency while trying to keep your family fed but also trying to accurately review papers."
,Recommended,239030,10607818,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jagick,"I wasn't sure about this at first, but it's oddly addicting. Get it while it's one sale if you can. I just spent 6 hours playing it...20 different endings and I still haven't reached the first yet."
76561198059878410,Recommended,239030,10608229,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheHockeyKing88,This game gets really in depth after a while
,Recommended,239030,10608984,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Snowman_Fred,A very interesting indie-game that forces you to think and pay attention. 7/10Become a beaurocrat today!
,Recommended,239030,10609221,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,zulvanication,Glory to Arstotzka! creative and entertaining gameplay! a bit confusing at first but overall its a good game!
76561198032017546,Recommended,239030,10609583,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SquareCastle,"This is the most depressing, crushing game I've ever played. Just wow."
,Recommended,239030,10610590,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[CC]Mr.Rogers,"This quirky game tells a delightful story or cold war-era, sattelite state immigration in a choose-your-path adventure format.I could not belive how much fun I was having while filing through mountains of paperwork.  I was completely immersed.  The ritalin-popping hardcore FPSers will not be able to take a second glance at a game with such culture and pacing, but if you have the patience, let Papers, Please take you on a journey of endless eustressing decisions."
76561197964685724,Recommended,239030,10610634,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DBAP,If you don't get enough tedious paper work at your job (or lack of a job) then this is a great game to support GREAT LEADER!
76561198056330252,Recommended,239030,10611428,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sir Leo Pardalarm VII,"judging from the trailers and screenshots, you would not believe how much fun this game is....great for everyone, who likes to keep his brain in shape!"
,Recommended,239030,10611701,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fat Garfunkel,My entire cold and starving family got locked up in  prison 10/10
76561198051887598,Recommended,239030,10612400,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ExAerian,Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,10613309,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MarVin73,Really fun. Prepare to play for hours long!
76561198080077818,Recommended,239030,10613373,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wit,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,10613647,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,da ti vidno vmazal otec! >.<,Awesome game.
76561198135048178,Recommended,239030,10613808,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Duke Of Spook,"I liked the different dialogue some characters had and depending on whether you let them in or not changes future characters,  newspaper stories and game endings."
,Recommended,239030,10613950,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,roodless_godpark,"It's not as boring as it seems okay, just get it"
76561197994006586,Recommended,239030,7835147,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Terrorance,"For what this game offers in graphics, it completely makes up for in a very stimulating and interesting game. I loved playing this game. Would describe it as Oregon trail meets 1984."
76561198072418891,Recommended,239030,10614739,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AssLikeThat,"'Papers, Please' is one of the best games on the market currently. Lucas Pope has come up with an original way of interacting with the game's story; there are choices, rules and a family to care for. You can lose yourself in the passport-stamping gameplay in the Endless mode or work for your family in the Story mode. 'Papers Please' forces you into making decisions that make you feel puny, evil and completely responsible for all the bad goings-on in Arstotka. Mr Pope? You deserve a knighthood."
76561198097613428,Recommended,239030,7353825,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,mauszx,good
76561198097157725,Recommended,239030,10615653,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kieth beef,"You win the lottery, but this lottery is the one that gives you the job as the guy that checks the passports or citizen cards (if they're citizens of the best country in the world (glory to Arstotzka). Oh, and then you have to check for entry tickets, vaccination slips (we can't let polio-infected-filth into our glorious country), working passes, and entry passes.You commit yourself to this job in order to keep our glorious Arstotzka safe...well, and to keep your family healthy and fed, but that comes second (obviously). Everything starts out nice and simple. You let the people with Arstotzka passports in. No other passports permitted. Sooner or later, we find that these passports have false information. Discrepancy detected. Now we have to watch for false information and deny them access to our glorious country. No exceptions.Then, a terrorist attacks our border checkpoint and we find it's committed by a piece-of-filth Kolechian. They may not enter Arstotzka, and even better, if they try to pass through, they can say bye to their passports because they have been claimed by our Glorious Leader.In this game, we have this job, wait, no... we have this honor of protecting our glorious country from unwanted degenerates. We are faced with unworthy liars and traitors who are only out to undermine the beauty of Arstotzka. They will try to have you join ""their cause"", but their cause is something cannot be trusted. All of your trust, as is mine, goes to the glorious Arstotzka. Your ""family"" (Arstotzka is your family now) may die. My neice ran away and I did not have the money to house her because I wanted new equipment to help me keep Arstotzka safe. Sacrifies will be made. People will die. You may die. Arstotzka lives on. Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,10615893,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gumee is best boi,"""Gimme your papers, I need money and I close at 6PM."" Papers Please on a nutshell. 30 days of a simple yet awesome game that can get you hooked on from the moment you open it. Music is pretty cool if a little bit sad, and graphics are grey, yet they just add to the game's scenery that fits a Cold War-Post Cold War decaying country."
,Recommended,239030,10596246,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bedpan JiggyBones,Way better than my desk job
,Recommended,239030,10596419,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Caffeinated Squirrel,"Got this game when it was in beta. It is an interesting perspective into a militarized or police state. The toll of being an immigration worker and wanting to help people, but also wanting to do a good job. It takes quick mental reflexes and a good memory. Overall, it's one of my favorite games ever."
76561198020698388,Recommended,239030,10596533,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,backslash21,"lulz, DENIED!"
,Recommended,239030,10596954,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NorthernLyon,"This game. THIS game. I completely underestimated this game. It seems really simple from the looks of it, but it's easily one of the most complex games I've ever played. It reminds me a lot of Harvest Moon 64. When anyone asked what that game was about, the answer (quite honestly) was ""Work."" People would go, ""Really?"" And it's like....""yes, you're working. On a farm."" And until they played it, they didn't ""get"" it. Why it was so amazing. Why it was so fun. That's EXACTLY what this game is like. You're at a customs desk, checking passports. The challenge is in the way you have to check them each day. Who gets through, who doesn't? Who tugs at your heartstrings---I completely recomend this game for anyone who's even thought it might interest them, if only a little bit."
76561198082547588,Recommended,239030,10597092,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,goldeos.007,good game
76561198076084009,Recommended,239030,10597099,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Basedgod?,a guy was 2 kg over weight and my son starved 10/10
76561197995943050,Recommended,239030,10597466,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kazorel,Very interesting concept and fun to play. Makes you feel the consequences of your choices very well.
,Recommended,239030,10597813,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Сварщик 4 разряда,!!!!!!!!normal!!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,10598274,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Toader,Approved
,Recommended,239030,10598454,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Olive,"I never expected to get this addicted to a game, and now I can't stop"
76561198070828352,Recommended,239030,10598580,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rupert Rhubarb,"Thanks to this game, I was able to keep my job as a TSA agent... 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10598598,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,zwei,"A wonderfully simple concept for a game that can prove very challenging with the mass amount of information required to process. Becoming more familiar with the game and it's mechanics makes it significantly easier to play, however it doesn't detract from the game whatsoever; it just adds a great feeling of accomplishment! Twenty different endings based on what actions you take add tons to the replayability of the game. Great pickup, I look forward to sinking many more hours into it!"
,Recommended,239030,10598856,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nosgoth01,My entire family was dead at the end of the fifth day... Glory to Arstotzka!!
76561198030039229,Recommended,239030,3973866,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Bi Ri Ri Ri,its like i came to the airport again
,Recommended,239030,10599314,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SpikedRocker | Extra Life 2017,One of the best indie games I've ever played.  Hope to see more from this developer.
,Recommended,239030,10600014,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ReverendGoodlove,Glory to Arstotksa
76561198028031350,Recommended,239030,10600447,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,gabal,"Papers, Please is the best game I have played in the last year.On the surface it is a biroucratic simulator where the only thing preventing terrorist, human trafickers and smugglers is your ability to find discrepanices in their paperwork. There are also moral decisions to be made when people are begging you to let them through even though they don't have the necessary papers. You can follow the rules and doom them or you can let them slip but that comes at your expense because you are getting penalized for every mistake you make and you have to earn enough money to feed your family.If you follow the rules you are the bad guy, if you let every sob-story affect you your family will starve. And the game is brilliant because of it. Every aspect of it - ugly graphics, dark colour palette, primitive tools that are at your disposable add to the atmosphere. And when in that dark atmosphere arrives a moment of humor it really brights you up.The game was done by a single guy and he has done a great job. This is the game you should really play.Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,10600596,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jimmy Wang's Bathtub of Fun,"Granted access to everyone, whole family got sent back to their village and I got arrested.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,10601812,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Duresthar,Better than I was expecting. Requires an attention to detail.
76561197964851891,Recommended,239030,10601869,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MoonFace,Never worked so hard to beat a game. Felt so opressed by the Man.
,Recommended,239030,11218325,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,[2o2p] OrDaned,"""Papers, Please"" can be accurately described as a ""paperwork simulator"" -- and yet, it is one of the most engaging games I've played. You play as a border inspector in a fictious 80s totalitarian state. As you approve or deny passports based on an ever-changing list of requirements, you become a small part of many stories: the fleeing family, the drug smuggler, the man searching for his daughter's killer, the woman trying to reunite with her love. Which stamp they get is further complicated by your own precarious situation; your meager salary is based on number of people processed, and barely covers rent, food, and heating. Every mistake you make, every time you look the other way in violation of the rules, puts your own family at risk.Video games are often at their best when they can build tension and drama from the player's choices, and ""Papers, Please"" does this masterfully every time you reach for the ""Approve"" or ""Deny"" stamp. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,806534,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Real KCT,"This game is amazing! Loved the beta, love the full version!"
,Recommended,239030,4720098,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,darrensilk3,"Great little game, sounds like it should be boring but the game is constructed in such a way that you feel that you are a part of something bigger than just yourself and your job as a border guard. You begin to affect the way the country in which you protect the border of is run, be it for the better or for the worse. Very decision based game and you have to really stick to that decision, no matter what the outcome!"
,Recommended,239030,11297113,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Trumped ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),10/10 would aprove Jorji again
76561198058829363,Recommended,239030,11236986,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Captain C00l,Saw old man's boobs 11/10
,Recommended,239030,11292212,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[C13]Sektor,I no have passport.
76561198111063540,Recommended,239030,11300228,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Piston Honda,"I've only played this game for about an hour and a half as of writing this. However, sor far I LOVE THIS GAME. It is one of the most creative ideas for a game I have ever heard. Still, this may not be for you. Not a fan of pixelated style? You wont like the art style. Care more about action than story? You won't like this either. Never the less, if you can appreciate a subtle, yet suprisingly interesting story, you might just like it as much as I do."
,Recommended,239030,11302576,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Priitsi,Great border official nightmare simulator. Watch yourself slowly turn insane from the monotone work and just let terrorists in for some kind of change of pace.
,Recommended,239030,11177803,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Al3x4nd3rTh3Gr3at!,A game that filles you with anxiety and forces you to question every move you take. I enjoy it and fear it.
76561198128687043,Recommended,239030,11177858,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,xFrazz,"Very entertaining game, Focus and concentration is needed, as even the little things will pass you by.Game also carries a small story line along with it.Recommened to all players"
,Recommended,239030,11178161,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,jonathan.a.roberts2,"In real life i am a security guard and get to turn people around at my gate, but not detain people, in this game i get to detain people, 10/10"
76561198096097932,Recommended,239030,11178300,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,AlexToth,Its fun if you can appreciate that kind of thing.
,Recommended,239030,11280561,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Are You Feeling It Now Mr Krabs?,"Papers, Please is when some chavy ♥♥♥♥ asks for some rollups for thier well lets just say ""illegal substances"""
,Recommended,239030,11281264,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Gimly [Cocaine Fury],"What Papers, Please lacks in modern gaming staples (ie. graphics, gimmicks, audio, promotion), it makes up for in actually being engaging."
76561198034430661,Recommended,239030,11282655,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The_Fuz,"Man, so this is what if feels like to control the boarder. Huh."
,Recommended,239030,8017569,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ChildishGiant,Brilliant. I thought that it would be boring but - IT'S SO GOOD.
,Recommended,239030,8020135,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,fiveeyes,"Excellent game, shows that you can make even mundane ideas a really engaging game experience. Only real downside is that the game really needs hotkeys, but hotkeys are only enabled as upgrades later on in."
76561198082252291,Recommended,239030,8020838,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,CircusPhantom12,YES YES YES YES YES YESY EYSYSYSYYSSY YEYASYYYEAYSSYYEYAY. Is good
,Recommended,239030,7997655,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,moussa247,Amazing. Great gameplay. Great story.
,Recommended,239030,7998137,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Pinkasaurus,"Below its simple game mechanics lies a game with so much character it's staggering. It’s impossible not to fall into the mindset of a border control officer, pondering the way you are changing lives with your simple set of stamps.A must buy!"
76561197978706033,Recommended,239030,7998160,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lusty Jove,YOU LOOK AT PEOPLES PAPERS AND YOU MAYBE LET THEM INTO COUNTRY.  ALSO YOU HAVE A FAMILY TO FEED
,Recommended,239030,8000190,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mylonius,"Amazing gameplay mechanics, and more interesting than you would think."
,Recommended,239030,8002764,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,jade,I didn't imagine getting into the mindset of a border control agent can be this entertaining.
76561197989972974,Recommended,239030,8002849,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Polychrome,Play as security checkpoint inspector. Check and compare documents. Take fingerprints. Detain smugglers and illegals.Support your family. Keep up with new rules. Work fast or be replaced.Much more that can't be spoiled. It's well made. Buy and play it if you like interesting things.Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,7454393,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,CharreD,18.5 hours of gameplay to get all the achievments. CBF getting all 20 endings though. A worthwhile game for $10.
,Recommended,239030,8004197,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Augustus,"If only current, high production titles could be so atmospheric and full of character..."
,Recommended,239030,8021196,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Trey Spyre,"This game forces you to make choices based on your own moral code. It's definately difficult to make some of these decisions, but at the same time, it's easy. Making choices in a game has never made me more nervous than the choices I had to make in this one. I'm still working through this thing, and it does frustrate me sometimes. But, this is one game you certainly should pick up and play through at least once. The narrative, game mechanics, and action of the game are the absolute driving forces that keep me involved."
76561198039441571,Recommended,239030,8021968,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,StarGazingGabe,Very interesting and interntaining game.
,Recommended,239030,8023479,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,fffabs,"Amazing game! It's fun, it requires concentration and study and I can't stop playing it! Buy it now!"
76561198053574548,Recommended,239030,8023543,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Propane&PropaneAccessories,"wonderfully fun game. Beuracracy at its finest. if it's on sale, a definite good buy. glory to arstotzka"
76561198042096976,Recommended,239030,8024782,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,RickFlambé,"Please present your review viewing authorization forms, along with your steam certification."
,Recommended,239030,8025774,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Bluebee,"Great game with great story! It is between short and medium length, but I enjoy it a lot. I really loved the different events that was going on the each day with different ending."
76561198053953434,Recommended,239030,9081151,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,alexbookshop,8/10 Great simulation game
,Recommended,239030,9082887,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,LibertyPaul,Great game.A lot of fun.Cool music.
76561197991202316,Recommended,239030,1311894,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Unit13,"Buy this game, now. You will not be disappointed. Buy this game. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,9085201,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,noice,This is one the most stressful games I've ever played. 8/10.
76561197974113566,Recommended,239030,9085490,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Kaufman,"Amazing, absolutely amazing. Highly reccomend to anyone who likes innovative gameplay with a fun story."
76561198041187909,Recommended,239030,9085819,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Spilch,"Papers Please delivers a one-two punch of addictive gameplay and moving storyline that's sure to be a knockout.  The drab, retro art style creates an oppressive atmosphere that compliments the rushed tedium of the game mechanic.  That combination peppered with the huge cast of NPCs ranging from pitiful to hilarious and the hard decisions one must make to keep their family alive is a recipe for deep emotional impact and hours of fun.  It is rare for a game to be so addictive on a shallow mechanical level and also have a story as compelling as a good dramatic film.  Cart Life awakened that possibility in my mind, but where Cart Life stopped as a beautiful-yet-buggy experiment, Papers Please delivers a polished simulator with a fantastic story and a decent amount of replayability.  If you are ready to challenge your memory and observational skills, if you are ready to question your moral compass and empathy, if you are ready to experience the bleak and utter hopelessness of the Arstotskan border and love every minute of it, pick up your ""Approved"" stamp and download Papers Please."
,Recommended,239030,9131184,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,The Copper Astronaut,This games is so well executed. I did not believe someone could envoke so much emotion by just looking at papers and pushing stamps. There is so much content and cleverness stuffed into this game that it is definatly worth the $10.
76561197987630436,Recommended,239030,11187648,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Machine,An emotional rollercoaster built on the frame of a game about checking documents. WTF score 9/10
,Recommended,239030,11188504,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Radie Storm,"I can't believe I bought this game, but even more surprising is that its actually pretty fun!"
76561197993993571,Recommended,239030,11192139,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,VA™ | Mastercode <Dan>,Passport Simulator♥♥♥♥ you Sheela .
,Recommended,239030,11193791,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Somoon,
,Recommended,239030,11193935,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FrancisHatesYou,"This game makes you feel like a detective. It's almost like L.A. Noir without all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t filler in between detective work. It also has a hint of Oregon Trail, since your family can become sick and hungry and you have to support them so they don't die. It's really rewarding to notice small discrepancies with people's info and deny them access to your country. There are some funny easter eggs, as well as moments that are dead serious. It seems like anything can happen at any moment. Reply value is moderate, things can turn out differently, yet the game always starts the same and it can be annoying re-playing the same stuff to get to something different.The art style is very nice and makes it possible to spot things you probably wouldn't if it was photo realistic, although it's still a challenge. The small details make this game. For example, people will usually lookslightlydifferent in their passport pictures than in person. Their hair could be different, the lighting could be off, or they could have recieved a scar.The main gripe I have however is that $10 is a bit pricey, $5 seems more reasonable. I'd pick it up when it's on sale. The beta however is free and can be downloaded athttp://dukope.com. It's basically like a demo.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,11194679,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,GLORIOUS,If you have ever wanted to be a border security officer in a communist nation this is the game for you. 7.5/10
,Recommended,239030,11194728,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,EXTENDERRRRR,Your hard work will be rewarded with more hard work
,Recommended,239030,11143385,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SilentCaay,"World's first and best border checkpoint simulator. Time to walk to work and don't forget your organizational skills and OCD, you'll need them. This is a fanatastic little game that really shows what indie gaming is all about. A simple concept, fully realized and very entertaining. The game starts off simple enough: approve all Arstotzkans and deny all foreginers. Almost every day has new rules added, old rules revoked or new paperwork for travellers to present. It's your job to make sure all forms are correct, all paperwork is in-date and no shennanigans are being pulled.There are also a bunch of subplots going on which require you to make decisions that may help others at your own expense. Some of these reward you, most don't. It's up to you to weigh the pros and cons along with your own morals. Not only is all this going on but it's all on the clock making for a tense and sometimes pleasurably nerveracking experience. But that's not all! During all this you have a poor family at home and you must balance your income and budget your funds to keep everyone safe, warm and healthy. For a game that basically only has one screen throughout the entire playthrough, it's got a lot going on. I can't recommend it enough. 10/10 Must-play.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,11145252,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BawssNass,"Papers, Please proves that high budgets and an obsession with graphics is overrated. An addictive and challenging game with perfectly matched music. A work of art."
,Recommended,239030,11145749,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,midnightq2,"A thought provoking exploration of bureaucracy and oppression. Though not exactly ""fun,"" it's certainly worth experiencing."
76561197970342264,Recommended,239030,11147552,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Orrithos,"Satirical, entertaining, unique - all this things can be said about Papers, Please.You play as an inspector at the border control of a fictional totalitarian state and have to manage your job as well as providing for your family by paying the rent and buying food and medicine. During the story, which lasts a maximum of 31 days depending on how you play, you will have to process dozens of people trying to gain entrance into Arstotzka the country you live in.You will have to thoroughly check their passports, documents and statements in order to detect any discrepancies. The tasks and documents to check get more and more complicated throughout the game and you will have to face different dilemmas in the game, e.g. allow a woman to enter the country without her having all documents and risk a fine or will you deny her, but at the same time dooming her as she is ill and will die without proper medical treatment.You should play the game if you are open to new unique experiences and do not mind the graphic which is not up to date, but fulfills its purpose and kind of gives the game this late 80s-early 90s look which fits perfectly. 8/10"
,Recommended,239030,11150101,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,YA BOY BARKO,"this game is as soulless as its name automatically denotes.Papers please is quite obviously, a game made for the german populace: it is a simulator that sets itself to be as boring as possible. Visa Inspection simulator, to be precise. and although the screenshots and srt style look blocky and grey, the way the game is played will definitely make you think.It is not as adrenaline-inducing as Ground Zeroes or as hyper realistic as Arma, but it still provides a story and offers the player enough immersion into the game where it actually may affect the gameplay individually. simple terms, the game changes the more (or less) involved you are in it.you spend an 8 hour day inspecting and stamping visas and sending people into the country or back out the door. the rest of it it pretty much covered in the tutorial. it sounds boring, and for many, it is. but for those that like a game that requires a bit of wit and willingness to have fun in it, this is definitely a winner."
,Recommended,239030,11152649,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,vein,"Glory to Arstotzka !!This game is really a time machine to cold war era in eastern europe...at the first time, you may find this game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥. but everything will change at the second day.Nuff said : 9/10"
,Recommended,239030,11154185,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,FantomPhenrir,"Papers Please is a game that is well worth your time and money. When described, it may sound boring and worth dismissing but trust me, it isn’t. It is a game that u can pick up and casually play for a few minutes, or even a few hours at a time. Game play that is easy to learn, but will have you scrutinizing every last detail to maintain perfection. A simple, but compelling story, full of conspiracies and politics, where a simple drop of your stamp can affect a single individual, or an entire country.  A well-executed game and highly recommend so why are you still reading this review instead of buying and playing Papers Please."
,Recommended,239030,12303956,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,honey.bee,"Papers, Please is a wonderful game full of intrigue and story-telling. The game proves to be more than just reviewing documents and matching information, but more of a tale affected by your decisions throughout the game. With 20 different endings, the game can go many different ways, and that is one of the reasons why Papers, Please has become a game I will remember."
,Recommended,239030,12328915,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,beaktastic,"I'd heard of this little indie game a long time before I finally played it, and I was glad I did. The game isn't particularly complicated, it isn't a drawn out adventure to defeat evil. It's simple in it's premise: you get a job in the fictional country of Arzstoska as a border customs checker. You need to check the passports of people passing through, allowing entry to the people with the right identification and denying/detaining those without. But the game soon becomes lot more complicated and complex, and soon you have to decide whether to let people through to be with their husbands, despire the fact they don't have all the right papers, or to help stop a wanted criminal, or detain people who haven't done wrong, just so you can get a little extra money so you can get food, warmth and medicine for your family. It's a great game, with loads of replayability. It's fast-paced, complex, and has you questioning your moral choices. Brilliant."
,Recommended,239030,12329036,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pretty Kitty Boy,Addicting.
,Recommended,239030,12125231,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,0ni,I like to play this when I think about getting a job in the real world to remind me what a bad idea this is.
76561198049201384,Recommended,239030,12166200,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,AlmightyFluffles,"You take this, you leave family alone.[[[ $ ]"
,Recommended,239030,12168815,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Okuyasu,"Glory to Arstotzka indeed. The game seems simple from the get go, but actually gets increasingly hard and stressful as time goes on when you have to check so many details, keep your family warm and fed (And giving medicine to your damn son who has the weakest immune system in history), and then let your morality decide for you when you need to let undocumented people through like the soccer player, or the married couple when the wife has no papers. Also following or denying the Order is intense. There are so many endings, and I've only just cracked the tip of the iceberg with them."
76561198067978787,Recommended,239030,6517632,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Jewbacca,"One of my favorite games. Though it seems boring, it's unpredictable and so much fun to play. I hope to see many more of it's kind, and I suggest this game to anyone who likes a time killing game."
76561198052738993,Recommended,239030,5605192,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Untoten,Таможенный контроль стоит на страже вашего государства. Не дайте врагам и шпионам проникнуть на территорию славной Аристоцки. Интересный игровой процесс и разнообразие ситуаций не оставят вас равнодушным. Покупайте) 9 из 10 баллов
,Recommended,239030,12136725,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Shalvazeer,"This is one of my favorite games, you get to decide who comes in and out. All whist trying to earn a pay check to beable to continue. If you like to solve puzzles but not ones which have a system which takes you hours learning, Paper's Please is easy to learn and hard to master. There will be shocking times which I woun't spoil. It is a game which I will and so far have came back to every now and then. For it's price it's a bargin. Also I love the sound track, the gameplay and the story which shapes on how you act"
76561197993621186,Recommended,239030,12169259,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Obysk,"Can't...stop...playing...Great very original game, and cheap too. Laptop/older computer friendly."
76561198082594415,Recommended,239030,11892052,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,chachis,You will find this idea weird until you play it.  Then you will not stop playing it. Ever.
,Recommended,239030,9400828,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Monty,"I know, I know. Reviewing papers doesn't sound like it could be fun or compelling. That said, Papers, Please! is one of the most fun and compelling games I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,239030,5516353,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,yeliabmit,"How much fun could a game about reviewing documents be?  As it turns out, lots of fun!  And the story is surprisingly complex. Grestin checkpoint is the razor's edge of the people's struggle, and other mixed metaphors appropriate to a dystopia.  Please make sure your papers are in order.  Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198046469524,Recommended,239030,9404997,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,PaladinGuy,"A game about being a border agent for a fictional communist style nation dose not sound like something engaging and thought provoking, but yet this game dose exactly that! Tasked with being the only thing that will allow or turn away immigrants into your country you must quickly and efficiently sort through piles of paperwork to determine the fate of people who are looking to enter your nation for any number of reasons: Some are refugees, some are seeking a better life, and a few just want to burn your nation to the ground. It is a thankless job and the only thing keeping your family from starving to death in the streets. You'll do very questionable things to people just to make a little more money, all of it justified as ""security,"" or will you uphold your morals knowing that you will suffer for it. This game will cause you to question your pre-held opinions of immigration and bureaucracy."
76561198096097375,Recommended,239030,9407109,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,daafies,fun for a while but became too tedious in my opinion. still i would recommend to check it out. for that price...
76561198078779782,Recommended,239030,9384400,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Lancelot,BEST.GAME.EVER.
,Recommended,239030,9385346,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Trevor,"The premise of this game seems entirely boring but the atmosphere of the game sucks you in immediately. Do I follow orders, or save someone's life? Do I accept a bribe in order to feed my family? It's quickly engrossing!"
,Recommended,239030,804880,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,rolandoftheeld,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
76561198047835371,Recommended,239030,9390301,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,legendslayer_4,The only difference between playing this game and being a TSA agent is you can't smell the fear in the air as you fondle the poor imigrants trying to cross the border. But you can sure feel it in your loins. Mmmmmmmm
,Recommended,239030,9484183,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Oates,yes very good
,Recommended,239030,9485899,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Steppenwolf,"Who knew mind numbing repetitive desk jobs in authoritarian regimes could be so affirming.Your lottery won job as a border control officer needs you to screen people trying to gain access to your great nation and grants you power to decide the fates of the teeming thousands at the gates. Life is not easy and the job is no guarantee; you do your best to get yourself and your family better conditions as you stand between the state and terrorists, get entangled in anarchist plots and deliberate on taking that bribe or sending someones wife back home to their death.You even start thinking about why you are doing what you are doing in real life. Just kidding! It's fun to catch people trying to outsmart you and then detain them by force. And its satisfying when taking a chance motivated by altruistic inclinations pays off. Thoroughly engrossing, Papers,Please expands the definition of computer gaming beyond your run of the mill shoot em ups and will get you interested in exploring more indie games."
,Recommended,239030,9486771,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,possboss,"Papers, Please is one of those games that proves that a great idea, a dash of humor and a well-made/planned game can make anything into a fun experience. Checking documents for discrepancies has never been so entertaining until I decided to play this game. Between the sob stories and power surge that the controller (player) has to face at the cost of the witty travelers, there is a subtle humor that can completely catch you off guard. This game has it all: finger prints, tickets, guns, grenades, and reoccurring characters. You are the controller and your foes are the documents. Use your keen eye to filter through what pile of documents match and which are fake. The comments that the travelers make may outsmart you, but do not let their wit beat yours. This game is a must play, where you will ever want to become an airport/border employee or not, it is a fun look at what goes on every day at all of the borders of this planet, with a dashof je ne sais quoi!"
76561197993893846,Recommended,239030,9360864,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Capitalist Mandrill,Play this!This is a very compelling game for what is essentially Bureaucracy: The Game.
76561198110569785,Recommended,239030,9363764,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Morgan,"Really fun game! Worth the money! It's not that exspensive anyway, and a really fun challenging sort of puzzle game! Definately reccomend buying! Have played so much of it since I bought it! Really good game and definately reccomend!"
,Recommended,239030,9367070,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Cork,An amazingly simple experience.  Recommended for all who enjoy a building tention and choices on morality vs. necessity.
,Recommended,239030,9367204,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,[SnBk] Spylander,"Had all the paperwork fun missing from games like L.A Noire. Not to mention flawless gunplay mechanics and action packed, adrenaline pumping decision making throughout."
76561198044962165,Recommended,239030,5092564,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,FeatherWalls,Incredible! This is creative gameplay!
76561198122027695,Recommended,239030,9416550,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SourSpaceMonkey,Awesome game!!!!!
76561198078183610,Recommended,239030,9342754,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,MarkTheShark,"I love games that are based in Soviet Russia, as the Russians were badasses who didn't give a fudge ... about anything! If someone died from a grenade blast they would just say ""Well, that was unfortunate ... BACK TO WORK!"" Now back to the game! Paper Please is a brilliant idea where you serve as a border control officer who works to keep his family back home alive, and he comes across a lot of people trying to cross the border illegally, and they will either give you a sob story or try to catch you out! in short its either them or you!"
,Recommended,239030,9346540,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Ryapx,"Basically, it's a game about border control. Doesn't sound that fun. BUT IT IS. Good variety, plotline, characters and decision making within it.I can't do it justice without allowing you to play it first... well worth the price."
,Recommended,239030,9347037,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Pyko,So hard! Wauw
76561198036566051,Recommended,239030,4402538,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Dewey Donedidit,This game is amazing. Kinda makes me want to be an inspector... GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198001472229,Recommended,239030,9347558,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Burndav24,Ce jeu est parfait pour passer 1h-2h-5h... Vraiment du temps à mettre!! C'est drôle combien on peut ne pas être observateur et ce jeu nous aide justement à le devenir un peu plus!!!GLORY TO ARTROTSKA!!!
,Recommended,239030,1359778,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,milath,"This game may not look it, but it is seriously fun. Different from anything I've played before, and not easy at all unless you have a perfect memory. Neat little story and endless mode make it awesome. Check it out now, totally worth the money!"
76561198049793368,Recommended,239030,9350058,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,ヌード？,OMG! so fun and hard most fun i have had in a long time
76561198056019194,Recommended,239030,16242383,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,higginsb1998,"What a brilliant Game!!!After having my passports confiscated I only had one choice... get out of East Grestin, My Family were dead, all apart from my Wife and Niece. I bought two forged passports for another country. I had a choice, take my wife, or take my niece... My wife and I are safely in a new country... My niece's whereabouts and safety are unknown.Buy This Game!!"
76561197970616873,Recommended,239030,15155550,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,tuz,"Surprisingly enticing game. Describing it as a border agent simulator is accurate, yet the game is a lot of fun! Set in a totalitarian country, you have to race the clock and work efficiently in order to be able to care for your family, with the difficulty and complexity of your tasks ramping up gradually. Your POV as a border agent becomes an observatory on this dystopian world and of its effect on people: you are presented a spectrum of characters and situations, and you can organically choose, among others, to be a heartless bureaucrat or to take part in the resistance. Your stamp and rulebook give you a good sense of power and purpose, yet you feel the pressure build up from your moral choices, from your need for income, and from greater powers.Great game."
76561198068649736,Recommended,239030,15175927,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mrkdsmith,"Like most poeple, I thought how can an 1980s Soviet-style immigration border control simulation be at all interesting? But it is amazing! It is the first game I've played where I have felt that I am presented with genuine moral dilemmas with significant in-game consequences. I dont know how many endings there are, but I've played it a few times and each time the ending is different. Some are more favourable than othesr but none are perfect. A few rounds in and the game becomes a bit of a challenge as you have to adapt to the constantly changing rules, increasing layers of beurocracy and an ever-changing political climate, while at the same time trying to protect youself and your family from destitution. Very interesting game and worth a go!"
,Recommended,239030,15134239,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,yusuf 十四,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,7601946,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Mr. Snakes,Buy now. Not later.
,Recommended,239030,15359829,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Lanaflux,This little game is so much more than a silly little game. I promise. You will love it!! So much more depth than ever expected.
76561198040911277,Recommended,239030,15364082,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Witty&Original,"Simple yet complex puzzle game with some deep social undertones.Like a lot of the other reviews mention, it's more of a look into the life of the struggles faced by people who live under an oppresive regime. It has a lot of choice and consequence gameplay. Take the bribe and feed your family or refuse it and keep them hungry another day. Get penalized for allowing someone with improper papers into the country or separate them from their spouse and send them back to their country where they will no doubt be killed. Seems simple in thought but once you're playing the game it's not as easy."
,Recommended,239030,15080688,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Anemicman,"This game's a real bummer. You know, in a strangely enjoyable crushing allegory kind of way. Carefully designed, and thoughtful. It scatches an itch I didn't even know I had for narrative in games."
76561198140990266,Recommended,239030,15085119,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Desmond Fox,"Do you love working a mundane job shuffling papers all day with the threat of death looming above you?  Do you hate making mistakes and enjoy sending innocent people to their demise? Download this game.  The people that made this are geniouses.  Seriously, they have made working in a soviet passport office fun and adictive."
76561198065263453,Recommended,239030,15123350,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ørkis,"*Waits in queue for 8 hours**Gets declined*The costumer service was fantastic, would try and get in again!10/10"
,Recommended,239030,15116013,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Zyklon_B,"Challenging,hard to learn but goes at a good pace for learningt to play, very fun, and dont let your family starve.7 out of 10"
76561198050162710,Recommended,239030,15118005,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Madpack,I would reccomend that you buy this game
76561198046023368,Recommended,239030,15129114,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,osto1,two words play it
76561198079069995,Recommended,239030,15133206,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,artescape,This is one of the best games ive ever played i'd have to say. It has a great story line and fun mechanics. I wish that this game was longer though. This is a must get. :D
76561198069555865,Recommended,239030,15103765,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Crystal Draco,"A nice little game. It gets a bit tedious and the citations are infuriating, but I couln't stop playing."
76561198077063794,Recommended,239030,15228189,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"This game really shouldn't be fun, but it is. All you're doing is working as an immigration officer on the border of a fictional Soviet-esque country. You check people's identification, search for discrepancies, and judge whether they can come in to the country or not. It sounds completely boring, but it's very addictive, and this is one of those games where time can whizz past whilst you're playing it.There's also something very charming about the simple retro graphics.7/10"
76561198024171886,Recommended,239030,3523850,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Heldragen,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ where to begin? This might just be one of my all time favourite games! So simple, yet so extrememly challenging and fun!"
76561198085571905,Recommended,239030,15192794,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,lilbud,"What I have played so far, is a masterpiece. A great game that has terriorism, transgenders, and moral choices, it is truely a fun and unique game I highly recommend."
76561198032663730,Recommended,239030,15194119,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gorgonot,i found this game extreamly enjoyable and it is a very unique title. The game is deffinitly not for everyone so you will hate it or love it. If you enjoy strategy games then you will probably love this game
76561198046036992,Recommended,239030,15196771,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TitaniumHero,"papers please could have been an incredibly boaring game, if it wasnt done so right. i like to put my self into this guys place and hear the stories and know you could be there angel. while at the same time trying to fend for your wife and kids..... it just makes for great game mecanics. Papers please proves the you dont need to dump 4.5 trillion in graphics as long as you have intresting and good game play mechanics. that get the player into it while keeping them on there toes with ever changing rules. great game love it"
,Recommended,239030,13152486,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,C-Rod  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Glory to Arstotzka!!!!
,Recommended,239030,13154869,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,minhwuan,"This game is simple, yet incredibly enjoyable. I can promise that you'll find yourself caught up in the world of Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,13155842,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Krooger,"This game is simple and seemingly static, yet absolutely captivating."
76561198130037546,Recommended,239030,13097723,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Explosive Plastics,Got to let my Mother-in-Law die.Da-nowda-da
,Recommended,239030,13101000,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DanJ,This game is great for people tired of playing games and wanting to work more.
,Recommended,239030,1450470,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Chocolate,"Not a game for everyone, but this game does incredible credit to story-telling in video games. Worth every penny.Especially enjoyable if you have OCD~"
76561198043111952,Recommended,239030,12871521,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,KIAHL,"A dark and poignant game that uses the mundane to deliver a hard point home. But make no mistake, you will make hard decisions and learn a little bit about yourself playing through the life of a border guard."
,Recommended,239030,12856019,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Enemy In Disguise,Maybe watch a few feel good movies before playing...still oddly and soul-crushingly fun. 4/5
76561198097060893,Recommended,239030,12856723,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr.Jack,Stamping simulator 2014 11/10
76561198002507680,Recommended,239030,12857257,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bloodspawn,Game may be simple in design and graphics but underneath it reveals a thought provoking game that requires quick analytical and moral decision making that determine the storyline.  This is a top seller for a person who wants a sim like approach to an immigration inspector in a world thats torn apart by political and personal endeavors.  I will warn you the graphics are quite meek but the thought in the game storyline is what makes this game a true favorite and has hours of countless replayability.  I give it a 9/10.
76561198036019892,Recommended,239030,12872310,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Fourecks42,"If you want to have a power trip, here you go."
76561198006802457,Recommended,239030,12873397,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Princess Inkbutt,"As easy as it would be to just shower this game with words,  I'll keep it simple.Have you ever wondered what it'd be like to experience actual emotions from a video game,   Literally feel good/like a pile of poop/helpess/happy/pants crappingly afraid/paranoid, etc?Then play Papers Please.   If all those sorta things don't appeal to you, then go back to your First Person, cover based shooter.   There is a gun in this,  but it won't satisfy your cakey dull brain."
76561197970771354,Recommended,239030,13067697,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Silent Hunter UK,"An excellent and thought-provoking game. It seems easy, but under time pressure is pretty hard - you also have lots of tough moral choices."
,Recommended,239030,13067783,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Night King,"Papers Please is a puzzle type game with a dark storyline. The whole atmosphere of the game is quite grim and in my opinion quite solitary, but it delivers good gameplay and  lots of replay value."
,Recommended,239030,13123437,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CptPhilosophy,Absolutely fantastic. Play this game.
76561198088170943,Recommended,239030,13133778,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Chu beau,Who knew that stamping passports was such a good stress releaver!
,Recommended,239030,13133926,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,iRageQuitGames,"I watched some streamers play this and I absolutely fell in love with it. So, I bought it, and I can not stop playing! Even though, you are sitting there accepting or declining citizens/foreigners, this is something that is very relaxing, yet intriguing to what is going to come next."
,Recommended,239030,13134726,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ASeaOfShells,"I first found out about this game from a YouTube review about a year ago. I immediately bought it afterwards.If I were to try and explain Papers, Please to you it would see extremely boring. Because it's so much more than what it appears to be.It's a timed puzzle game. You have to make moraly based decisions, where there usually are no ""good"" choices. It's also packed full of social commentary. It's got simple but oh so catchy music. It's deceptively difficult.Just play it.Come to Arstotzka, best country in world!"
76561197971125716,Recommended,239030,13136654,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,McConnell,"This game immediately reminds me of my job, and I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing."
76561198004526701,Recommended,239030,13138917,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ManicProlix,"One of my favorite games, and actually explaining why I love it so much would require me to spend more time writing this than I have or care to use."
,Recommended,239030,4769333,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Beesem,A hell of a lot more fun than it sounods!
,Recommended,239030,12851285,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SirMacky,The maker of this game could have made Office Space in to a drama. 10/10
,Recommended,239030,12852036,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Crash Wire™,"Have you ever wanted to be a checkpoint officer so you have an excuse to be a jerk to everyone, This is the game for you!"
76561198089645223,Recommended,239030,12797691,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"Interesting, fun game. Multiple endings. Great soundtrack. I highly recommend. Go play it.Maybe a 9/10."
76561198115283349,Recommended,239030,12881698,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,koondog3,grate
,Recommended,239030,11472987,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MaoFace,"Despite its appearance,Papers, Pleasewill test you in terms of morality. Are you loyal toGLORIOUS ARSTOTZKAor will you aid the mysterious order? Is it worth ruining people's lives so your family can live? Or maybe your soft side will let illegals through. But what makesPapers, Pleaseso immersive are the multiple stories going on with the backdrop of a Soviet-esque era in the background, and how you, a simple border guard, can affect them all.Who knew stamping papers could be so...engaging..."
,Recommended,239030,12682667,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Shkreli,"So addictive, and makes you feel really bad about some choices. Would definitely recommend this game, I mean, it's only $9.99, and don't let the style of graphics fool you."
,Recommended,239030,12683511,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,terribleComputist,"Every turn starts with you asking rather politely for papers. However the politeness ends there. The rest of the game is quite rude and tugs on your heartstrings in places. The X-Ray scanner is a horrifically unwelcome addition- people are hideous.Pixels, papers, and political undertones. Oh, and poverty, poor health, perishing people, and several other things that start with 'p'. This game has 'p' all over it."
,Recommended,239030,12664547,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Sartorian,"Papers, Please starts low, but even in the beginning the dark, dystopian theme draws you in. The simple mechanics quickly become a desperate race as you try to serve as many potential border-crossers as you can before the end of your shift. The cost of failure could very well be the life of a family member, or imprisonment. The game has a gripping story, and I must honestly say I have lost sleep playing this game.10/10"
76561198022918865,Recommended,239030,12669302,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,CptnREDmark,"a new and interesting game. very unique, suprisingly difficult and entirely a good game."
,Recommended,239030,12674724,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Suckleberry Steve,The game's great. 8/10.
,Recommended,239030,12832497,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,"Jeggory ""The Legend"" Cinnamons",HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME.
,Recommended,239030,12916226,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Twosheds,"I don't understand why this is in anyway fun.Punching tickets, checking for illegals and discrepancies.By all the laws of gaming this should be rubbish.But it isn't.4 out of 5 stamps.Would let into the country."
,Recommended,239030,12895636,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,zack10house,"I had no idea beaurocracy could be so much fun. I absolutely love this game for reasons I don't quite understand. The gameplay boils down to fact-checking information, but the moral questions that arise when presented with bribes that could save your family from sickness and starvation make the game incredibly compelling."
,Recommended,239030,11562764,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,brothersower88,Great game to test your attention to detail. Rather comical at points... I really question whether I should keep all my family alive. Remember what your mother taught you about strangers.
,Recommended,239030,11564813,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Professional Russian,Just buy it already.Great little game with great story.
76561198028130446,Recommended,239030,11711015,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Freeman,"What the ♥♥♥♥ is so interesting about organising papers and examining the minor details to make sure you aren't having the wool pulled over your eyes by a Russian transvestite terrorist? Try this game to find out, a real masterpiece and something fresh. Read the description it comes across as a snoozefest, play the game and it's a different story. 9/10"
,Recommended,239030,11711030,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,garbage dog,it's as enjoyable as communism can be
,Recommended,239030,11714206,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,A First-Class Toaster,"tl;dr: This game is not awesome, but it captures your heart with simplicity, humour and a few sadness.And Jorji. Don't forget about Jorji.Papers, please is NOT your ordinary game.Is it awesome? No. But it's interesting.It has a simple, yet interesting story that will bore you to death if you're not interestedin stories but will keep you asking for more if you dig these stuff. I'd love it even if it is a novel.The game mechanic is seemingly easy (check papers, deny, repeat), but it isn't.This game actually makes you think about checking, double checking and triple checking.Not only that, but you would also have to think about your decisions to either follow the rules or have a heart.I just love how you can make such choice in a game. It may be just an illusion of free will, but still... (no rhyme intended)From all the seriousness, you can also get humour, romance, thriller and suspence.And unlike most steam games, it's so tiny! Like a mini squid girl!This game also has a nostalgic 8-bit graphic. I love that.But from all this great things that i said, there must be something negative!But what?Well, here's one:This game is NOT for perfectionist.Why? Because there is one citation that is forced into your face. (damn you, Jorji)Other than that small thing, it's a pretty boring game that is totally worth your time unless you like mindless action.I will recommend this to deep thinkers, but not RATATATATATATATATATATA-ers (FPS peeps who hates thinking)No offense. I love you guys too."
76561198031608910,Recommended,239030,11714829,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,infiltrait0rn7,"This is essentially paperwork and double checking... but I can't recommend it enough! The first time you look at your bill and have to decide how to use your meager hard-earned money, you feel the weight of the game, your family, and eventually the country. With so little on display, Paper, Please manages to suck the player into a dystopian world. While the concept may be simple, the gameplay is surprisingly deep."
,Recommended,239030,7398204,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Birblord,"While simple, this game is definitely NOT easy. Keeping track of multiple details, and  being on a time limit is horrendously challenging. However, I do think that this game gives a good account for itself when teaching the ability to think on your feet and to be exacting when examining documents of any kind."
76561198059698919,Recommended,239030,11706091,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Mrg7698,This is a great game. It may seem simple at first but as you play the game becomes more complex and many  choices become avaliable that change the game. This game has 20 diffrent endings. Overall this is a fantastic game and you should buy this game.
76561198024549942,Not Recommended,239030,11695693,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,bobofari,"It's not like this game wasn't fun. It just reminded me of having to sell my soul to the DMV while letting a few IRS agents live at my house and eat my every receipt.At first it's like ""oh, this is amusing!"", and a few levels later it had me at ""OH THE MONOTONY, HUMANITY AND OVERALL BLEAKNESS OF HUMAN EXISTENCE!!!! WHY?!?!?!?!?!""."
,Recommended,239030,11695924,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Lagreca,"So simple, yet, so addictive!"
,Recommended,239030,10460500,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Fat Wizard,"Go away, Jorji.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,11782384,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,CraigMhgg,"Brilliant game! Would recommend it, makes you concentrate and get annoyed for missing the smallest detail!"
76561198045152152,Recommended,239030,11783880,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Necronomichron,You won't find another game out there like it. You have to use your brain in all sorts of ways. You aren't only using logic. You need to make decisions based on your own set of values as well. And the clock is ticking. Time wasted is food out of your family's mouth and keeping you from buying that medicine your son alwasy seems to need.
76561198062366358,Recommended,239030,11771078,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ProsaicPudding,"Easily one of the best games I've played, in terms of complex moral descisions. It has a surprisingly deep story that really takes you by surprise, given the simple graphics and mundane mechanics, but that's all part of the experience."
76561198013842205,Recommended,239030,9096300,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jaruko,"Upon first looking at the game, I wasn't sure what to think. I thought it might've been a bad game due to its graphics cause it looked so cheap and simple. Taking a chance at this game, the money is well worth it. This game is so addicting I'd recommend it for anyone who wants a simple yet fun and challenging game. Although if I were you, I'd wait for a sale before buying it."
76561198008710002,Recommended,239030,11772755,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Julian Creepyblancas + The Voidz,Glory to Arstotzka
76561198122478111,Recommended,239030,11772947,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ChromeMONkeyz,There was a guy called    Mr Fuchs     10/10
,Recommended,239030,11776546,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Getzupon,"I've played for around 10 hours and I've only found 5 endings on 20, still a lot to go! the story is pretty good altough a little short (about 4 hours) but the different endings and Endless Mode make up for it and the gameplay is simple yet fun.Glory to Jorji Costava. Uh no wait, I meant Artotzka. of course."
76561198047532194,Recommended,239030,11896328,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Calculon 559,Best paperwork simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,239030,5272677,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Teath,"I bought this game when it was in Beta. Over time, it has only become better and better.First and foremost, the idea of this game is brilliant. While the job of a border control worker does not sound particularly fun at first, let me tell you, it's great. At least in this game.I think the biggest achievement of this game is the brilliant humour that's been carefully written into it.It's really hard to describe the game and make it sound fun, to be honest. You check papers? Yeah, sounds thrilling. But it's absolutely great."
,Recommended,239030,11923566,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ronin,Awsome Game
,Recommended,239030,11925702,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lumin,"An interesting concept executed very well. Papers, Please is a game where you work at a border, checking passports and documents of the like. At first things are very simple, and you can proccess a lot of people. Things start getting a lot more complicated though, and different things get added such as Access Permits, Identity Supplements, ID Cards, Confiscation, Detainment, Work Permits, etc. You are part of many stories, and whether you help them or you're just out for yourself and your family is up to you. Secret Orginizations, Re-uniting couples, drugs, terrorists, and many more await you in Papers, Please. The sound of the pink slip you get when you mess up is always irritating, driving you to be 100% perfect. I'd reccomend it to anyone and everyone who's willing to try it out. Papers, Please does not dissapoint."
,Recommended,239030,8670253,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Roflcopter,This game is both depressing and awesome. I recommend it.On my first play through I lasted 37 minutes before being thrown in jail for delinquent debts. They might have been upset about that one time I let a terrorist through the border too.
76561198122611371,Recommended,239030,8670362,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,gabreezy24,"simply but very addictive, i must have for anyone who likes indie games or games altogether"
,Recommended,239030,8670606,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,PixelBaer,"Don't know why, but surprisingly it's a good game."
,Recommended,239030,8671112,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Cop,Excellent game!
,Recommended,239030,8602613,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Pvt. Jackass  [NGC],"This game is as close as it gets to an art game without the pretentious title and typically subpar mechanic to go with it.Your job is simple: to allow or deny access to people according to the requirements set by your superiors while trying to support your family with your meager salary. The mechanics are simple and effective, however, what makes the game truly unique is the variety of characters that pass through your checkpoint, many of which have their own stories to tell. There is a very playable beta on Lucas Pope's website if you still feel the need to verify its quality.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,8376853,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hy,"Get it forunder 5$and you'll have a few hours of sadistic fun. But careful, you are not a god. Far from that. You are an immigration inspector checking people in and out of Arstotzka. The game looks like the trailer, the gameplay is straight forward, you move papers around on your desk. Your booth gets upgrades depending on how you progress.Apart from the usual work of checking for discrepancies and validating stuff, you will meet various characters, make decision affecting the safety of your familly and eventually you will get in trouble with the Ministry.Go to work now and hope. Hope that no terrorist will show up, hope that Big Brother isn't always watching you. Hope that you will survive an other day.Glory to Arstotzka !"
76561197972397879,Recommended,239030,8382092,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,bluemoose,Never has bureaucratic drudgery been made so entertaining. Both wickedly funny and also challenging. A refreshing example that shows you don't need fancy graphics or multi-million-dollar budgets to turn out a good game.
76561198019229487,Recommended,239030,8383129,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mic,bad game family dead no food too hard 10/10
,Recommended,239030,8385221,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Smiffmaff,I Really Dont Know why i like this game. its a job. get itbecause its fun
,Recommended,239030,8385624,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,0xDEADC0DE,This game is excellent. The music and mechanics really set the stage to put you in an eastern bloc country which provides an introspection as well as excellent game mechanics. This is the type of game that you quickly forget about the quality of the graphics and the execution of the game controls because the environment the game is conveying is absolute and it sticks with you weeks afterwards.
76561197984497907,Recommended,239030,8386534,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gilgam,"Very clever game design.  Fun and intense with a particular ""humour noir"".Well worth the small price."
,Recommended,239030,7540607,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,kmfnj,"A really interesting game with a unique play mechanic - you work as an immigration inspector at the border of the ficticious nation Arstotzka. Both natives and aliens will attempt to cross the border and you must fact check their legal documents to make sure they're not entering the country illegally. Toss in a little espionage and bribery along the way in story mode, and you've got a very entertaining little game."
,Recommended,239030,8388277,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,joe,"Most of us are blessed not to live under an oppressive communist regime.Papers, Pleasegives us the opportunity to step into the shoes of someone living there in a few hours.As a border inspector, the gameplay consists of mundane checks on the authenticity and ever-changing validity of documents. The charm ofPapers, Pleasecomes from the various side events and your constant struggle between your duty as an inspector and your responsibility of providing to your family.I find the low fidelity art and music rather apt to the narrative of the game and the booming theme is forever seared into my brain.While not exactly a ‘fun’ game, I recommendPapers, Pleaseto learn more about yourself through living a month on the Gretin border.(Glory to Arstotzka!)"
,Recommended,239030,8404631,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Funk 1130,I can't believe a game about checking passports is freakin' fun!
76561198082960492,Recommended,239030,8405914,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Unlucky_Knight,"It's simple and, yet, super complex. Very addictive."
76561198098285242,Recommended,239030,8406649,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ｓ ｐ ｏ ｏ ｋ ｓ,Fun yet depressing...
,Recommended,239030,8406736,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FilthyGorgeous - DatGaymer,"The gameplay is addictive and challenging. Juggling the intricacies and convolution of a border admission agent's protocols is difficult and rewarding when you get on a streak of allowing only law abiding immigrants into your country and keeping terrorists or forged document holders out. What's really great about this are the little stories that are woven into the gameplay. A man begs you to let his wife through even though she doesn't have all the proper paperwork. Will you sacrifice your pay to let the couple be together? Will you be able to afford food and medicine for your family if you do? The phrase ""just doing my job"" passed through my head so often while playing and the discomfort when screening an entire population for invasive strip searches are just parts of a truly evocative gaming experience. Definitely pushes a game past simple entertainment."
76561198169374369,Recommended,239030,14198538,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Timelord_Kronos,"Probably one of the best games availableCheck passports, shoot terrorists, help revolutionaries, etc.20 different endings and 5 or 6 different collectible tokens.Well worth the money."
,Recommended,239030,14201366,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MeeshaM,More fun than it sounds like it should be
,Recommended,239030,14201396,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ellysolo,this game is just amazing and its just omg just play it
76561198027103160,Recommended,239030,14203524,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tidaldust,"Just when it gets boring, it's over. Clever."
76561197960454138,Recommended,239030,14213894,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ButtFlakes,I love this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561197993279389,Recommended,239030,14218593,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Buttersheep,"Something about this game was really enjoyable.   It's not action packed but it has an intriguing story.It's a bit of a point-and-click your way through your job, but that seems like it would be fairly realistic.    The player is forced to monotonously dig through dates and seals of approvals to spot fake paperwork, just like the real border guards.  The rules for required documentation was also changing from day to day which makes life harder for both border guards and immigrants.One component of the game is feeding your family.  If you can't work fast enough your family will go broke and you will go to jail for unpaid bills.   I was playing on a trackpad and had a hard time with this.  Fortunately the game comes with an easier difficulty setting that gives you some help with reaching your quota.     Even with this setting on the game can still present interesting dilemmas and moral decisions.It has a few different endings depending on the choices you made.   It was fun but for me it did not warrant a second playthrough to experience an alternative ending."
,Recommended,239030,14218822,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,se32323,Got arrested and lost job 11/10 much stamp
76561198174904669,Recommended,239030,14119081,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,austinarmstrong,"I really enjoyed playing this game.  It was simple, easy to learn, and had enough replay value to justify the cost."
76561198022070159,Recommended,239030,14120622,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ehriggn,not a fun game. not at all.
76561198003925238,Recommended,239030,14153314,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Flash Professional CS5,"This is a pretty simple puzzle game that touches all the right notes to be a masterpiece (at least within the Indie scene). You are tasked with handling the people that's trying to get into your country, which presents you choices with actual consequences in the story (None of which, I might add, are ham-fisted in cutscenes or other stuff like that).Would you allow a criminal into your country if that meant you'll be able to put food on the table of your family that day? Would you allow families that have been separated by war to get together again? Would you take bribes?Whatever your final choices are, the game do not judge you for them. After all you're just trying to get by, right?"
76561198147578435,Recommended,239030,13774964,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Skoorc,"Awesome game.Jorji has to be the best character in any game ever. Great story and fun concept, great to play casually, yet it still puts you on edge. 10/10 would recommend. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198064559929,Recommended,239030,14156880,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,thingperson,"Utterly soul-crushing and nerveracking in a way that has caused me to tear out hair and rend clothing.Oh, and it's fun."
,Recommended,239030,14273897,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,Too many papers! AWESOME GAME!
76561198079471054,Recommended,239030,14331869,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tedconstable,"never has an office job been so much fun, bleak........ but fun."
,Recommended,239030,14338142,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Swifty,Could I please see your papers!?!
76561197994891355,Recommended,239030,14340657,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,bnjmmn,"Cracking little game. Atmospheric and tense,  jet black humour with slapstick comedy. Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198036433096,Recommended,239030,14358627,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shift,WOW! Didnt expect this game to actually be fun! Heard it was good and bought it when it was on sale and its a great game!Definately something new.9/10
,Recommended,239030,14361569,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,RoninOtter,"A classic-style game which hails back to some of my favorite old-school PC games.  I never thought that a game about checking passports could be so engrossing and emotionally challenging.  Great story, crazy characters, and tough choices all await you at the checkpoint.  Good luck!"
76561198034325268,Recommended,239030,14158123,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kit Ramos,"it is a fun game, while there are repetive parts to it, it's got a nice quirky storyline. and a nice balance of diffculty to keep the game from getting to boring or to diffcult. And it has multiple endings so I gotta get arround to figuring out how to get them all sometime.  totaly worth the cost, and a few hours here and there.  this isn't a game you can marathon play though to the end, as even if you have the time and like dooing that; this game will drive you nuts if you do that.  Insted its better to play a little here and a little there and work your way though the game. it's way more enjoyable that way."
,Recommended,239030,11903480,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,kaylaaaaa,"This is a AMAZING game, super fun!!! (With THREE exclamation points) >_< Judst get the game, and you`ll understand. No need to thank me for this advice either..."
,Recommended,239030,11863026,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,RedRingOfLife,Enjoyed this game a great deal. Do yourself a favor and find a one-page PDF of all the information you need to verify before you start playing. It helps a lot.
76561198089655579,Recommended,239030,11865991,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,catravis,Excellent design and gameplay.  The mechanics work against you for time and make you make actual moral choices with consequences - should you spend your last 5 dollars to get the medicine for your sick child or risk him dying and get a booth upgrade that could help you earn the money back tomorrow?  Anybody who's looking to waste a few hours should pick this one up.  My only complaint is that it's not available for tablets - the design and mechanics are wonderfully designed for a touch screen.
76561198057692647,Recommended,239030,11906310,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Nesstronaut,"While I don't usually write reviews for games, this is one that I truly believe deserves more attention. It is a game that tells you to do one thing but then rewards you for going against it. It is a game that tells you to do something but then makes you feel bad for doing it. It is a game that punishes you for doing the right thing. It is a corrupt system and an amazing game, one that has kept me coming back for more. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,11841553,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bacon,"Great, but hard game. It is like ""Should I, or should I not?"" If you like other games like that, play this!"
,Recommended,239030,11935753,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SargeDude,"If you read a review that doesn't recommend this game, the reviewer was probably just upset that Papers Please wasn't CoD. Do not listen to these people.This is a game for people who appreciate art. Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198107990160,Recommended,239030,11936381,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Procrastinator Shields,"Before I played this game I never thought that doing paperwork in a shed could be so engaging. But now, having played even for just short time, I can definitely say that Papers, Please holds a special place in my mind. It's a game that gets under your skin, in a good way. It makes you think about the affect that one person can have on so many others. You are an integral part of hundreds of different stories, some big, some small. Papers, Please is a true example of games as art and games as a medium for presenting us with things we might not want to face."
,Recommended,239030,13671241,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,|RHE| Moondog,Haha... This game is so simple but addicting... LOVE IT
,Recommended,239030,13672943,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pchan,Fun border control simulator with good story elements as well.The gameplay can be compared with the Phoenix Wright games as you check papers for inconsistencies. However unlike Phoenix Wright it is not required to get it right to progress although you get punished for getting it wrong. Deliberately passing people with missing or incorrect papers may even pay off in the story!Even though the limited color palette and fits the setting really well it gets a little dull after a while. Similarly the gameplay gets very repetitive but I also feel it is part of the charm
,Recommended,239030,13674982,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ElimiNate,"I can see people being skeptical of this title, the concept of the character working in border control, but I found the game to be very pleasantly enjoyable, the story of having to keep your family alive through making sure your wages are consistent and flowing adds to the tension, aswell to the overall political backdrop of the fictional society you're a part of.gameplay-wise, you're eased into it, the rules get tougher and tougher as the story progresses, you're given plenty of time to adjust to how the mechanics operate. Personally, I think the enjoyment stems from using detective-skills making sure all papers and rules add up to each other and avoiding getting citation warnings.Defintely not a game for everyone, an acquired taste, but if you're prepared to keep your mind open, it's a very pleasant  with Papers, Please."
,Recommended,239030,13779176,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,B4RevenantGamer,Just one more day never means just one more day.
76561198007125880,Recommended,239030,13780544,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Desertfish,"To be honest, I didn't know what to expect when I started playing ""Papers, Please"". Some friends of mine recommended the game highly and as it was on sale, I bought it. Though the concept behind the game is simple, you're a border cop who is to grant or deny access to your country to people based on the papers and other evidence they provide, it can get quite complex.The first days of the game introduce new concepts at a fast but manageable pace, steadily adding to the complexity of your task. Though the concept may sound boring, it's actually quite entertaining due to the colourful characters that appear at your booth (some are humorous, some address real-life issues like human trafficking), the puzzle work involved, the cheesy coldwar era communist state setting and the ""reward"" overview at the end of every day.I've only played a couple of hours yet, but am really enjoying the game. Only drawback I have identified is that sometimes people with ok documents and motives blow themselves up after I've granted them access to the country. I've ""retried"" these people several times and can find nothing wrong. Maybe these are scripted events to increase difficulty? If so, I would have gladly known about it, as I'm currently unsure what I'm doing wrong. Otherwise a very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,239030,13781185,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,gorlab,Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,11543234,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,RIP Meme Couke,Slow and not so intense. Very good puzzle wise and can be confusing when you don't notice all the little detail. Great game overall!
76561198063845400,Recommended,239030,13784952,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,guyinthepenny,"Simple concept but rather astonishing and addicting.You have to check every damn documment and passports intently, and face some hard decisions if you are not familar with the system. Because some of the story plot is connected i would suggest spend an afternoon and finish it, total gameplay time is roughly 6 hourse.I would rate this game 8 from 1-10."
,Recommended,239030,13785586,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alblert Einstewn,"Papers, Please is a simply brilliant game. For example; what other game will allow you to save your country by preventing a murderous woman-abuser from entering your country, but then fall into a $5.00 debt; this in return leads you to be executed in front of your family.  10/10- Arstotzka"
76561197992955795,Recommended,239030,13325660,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,opedog,"One of my favorite games, I love the ideas behind the gameplay, and how the story is woven into that."
,Recommended,239030,13845957,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,INFRΛRΞD,"Be the corrupt ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you always wanted to be ^_^Now buy this game, NEXT10/10 glory to arstozka"
,Recommended,239030,13849627,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Beaulofmeister csgobounty.com,Oberstan above all
76561198076044221,Recommended,239030,13804781,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,nanisuki,"An oddly entertaining game that is both semi-morbid and insightful, showing the bleak nature of human lives. I would say give it a try before you quit the game because of its graphics. This game gives you choices...whether you choose to be a drone and serve a country blindly OR make your own choices and affect the lives of the characters. The philosophy behind this game is both haunting and fascinating.I would recommend this game to any of my friends."
,Recommended,239030,13807713,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sir Horny Headcrab,Bought it during Sale and it's worth every Cent. Love it.
,Recommended,239030,13603289,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Wandering Brooks,Wasnt expecting to like it but my god its good its so different i love it
76561198123277584,Recommended,239030,13707220,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Billary Clinton,"I became friends with a drug dealer I got detained at a border checkpoint, felt legitimate hate towards citizens of a fictional country I haven't even seen solely because they were from that country, and spent 20 hours doing a menial job that this game made fun.11 passports/10 would remove Kolech again"
76561198074722764,Recommended,239030,13707535,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lulu_Latte,Fun and unique game. Pretty rad.
76561198121477581,Recommended,239030,13034818,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cuddly Chuddly,"It's everything a non-Russian would hope to see in Russia, without the vodka... and the siberian forests... and the big breasted girls... but it at least has communism, tons and tons of communism."
,Recommended,239030,13035653,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BlueOrange,"A work of storytelling genius, with gameplay that offers insights into some of the world's less desirable jobs, and less desirable places.  This game is difficult in many ways, not least because it encourages you to think about real issues and real poeple."
76561198031461282,Recommended,239030,12987289,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,pompouswhompus,"Although tedious towards the end, Papers, Please taught me a lesson in government and efficiency I won't forget.SubtleNo actionRepetitiveMultiple endingsIf you watch the trailer and think, ""that's boring,"" this is probably not the game for you. If you have an interest in social sciences and or sorting paperwork for a living, you will probably like it."
76561198021756703,Recommended,239030,12988882,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Gauche,"Stamping passports, is this even fun? Well, yes, and the context is amazing."
,Recommended,239030,13460586,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,savethedinosaurs,is good game
76561198046497104,Recommended,239030,13461738,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheManWhoDidAThing,"incredibly depressing, my family keeps dying.I love it"
76561198114935903,Recommended,239030,13464210,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BrokenDreams,"""Papers, please."" *man hands me poorly drawn picture of himself* ""Sir thats not a valid passport"" Man: ""ok that fine I come back later"" *comes back the next day with name scribbled below picture* GREAT GAME!!! 110/100 I really recomend this game. The hardest part is taking care of the family but other than that amazing!"
76561198026620891,Recommended,239030,13464527,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Legend,"While my first impressions was that the game was a little underwhelming, as I progressed through my first run I realised the many intricacies of this game and some of the subtle objectives that keep you going for just one more day."
76561198097825619,Recommended,239030,13464777,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Aaron j b t,"Pros:+Suprisingly addicting gameplay, conisidering that you feel like you're at a day job+Sufficiently intiguing story+Twenty storyline ""outcomes"" dictated by player decisions+Amazing auto-save system.  At any point in the story, you can go back and restart from any previous level WITHOUT saving over the original playthrough's saves, essentially creating an alternate save ""branch"".  Once you see the save menu, you'll wonder why it's not the standard for all games.  Makes achievement hunting a breeze.Cons:-Low replay value.-No music variety.  The songs works, but by the end it got annoying.-Player controls are unlocked like character abilities.  For example, at the beginning of the story, the approve/deny stamp is brought out by clicking a small tab at the side of the screen; later on, you buy the ""desk upgrade"" that allows you to open the stamp with a keyboard button (a much more convenient and logical control for the most used function in the game).  This makes a second playthrough quite annoying, since your muscle memory adapts to the button controls.  Seems like a gimic that should've been scraped in testing.Oddly, I felt that it was too long.  The idea works, but ""checking passports and ID's for consistency"" is simply too repetetive of a task for a 5-6 hour playthrough.  I just think it might've been cleaner if it were shorter.  By mid-to-late game, I stopped having any fun and only played through it because I felt invested in the story.  Still a thumbs up for a unique and well-executed indie title.  At $5, go for it."
,Recommended,239030,13466336,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,RoboPope,"Good, but difficult. For me atleast."
76561197991093549,Not Recommended,239030,13466351,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,dawt,"Unique game, interesting, that is basically a memory test."
,Recommended,239030,13629417,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,supersqueak,"I picked this game up purely because I saw it on several recommended video games you have to play due to its unique setup and game mechanics. The premise is deceptively simple but I was shocked over how stressed I was and how intense the gameplay is. The 8-bit graphics add charm and a dystopian feel that I fear that a full-fledged AAA budget would ruin. The sounds are appropriate, the multiple endings means that I still have plenty to discover, and there's a surprising depth to the relationships one forms through very simple interactions with other characters.Not a game to play if you're trying to hold a conversation with others or there are distractions nearby. Being a Border Agent is serious business."
,Recommended,239030,13629751,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Potato Science,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,13629888,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,antobe259,"Great, original game!!! A bit hard sometimes, but it's fun, so why care? :p"
,Recommended,239030,10516854,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,kendaaru,"Papers, please is like a puzzle game; deciding whether the people going through your station can pass through or not. It starts out easy and gets harder the farther you get into the game, but keeps you wanting to play all the way through. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,239030,10517973,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Bandana Dee,GIMME YO PAPERS PLZ
76561198054041782,Recommended,239030,10546872,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,harku1446,"A Fantastic game!I have played this game so many times and I love the variety in the endings and what you can do. The game can be really stressful, and at times it can also be really relaxing as you just do your job searching papers.There is a lot of moral dilemma as well as you are often finding yourself debating whether you need to continue do your job or actually help some people by letting them into the country.A really fun game, if a bit stressful at times."
,Recommended,239030,10547500,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gary MOTHERFUCKING Oak,10/10
,Recommended,239030,10548278,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,t1gershark,"Eastern Block Bureaucracy Simulator 2013 is a delightful trip behind The Wall to Glorious Arstotzka, where you, too, can be a mindless cog in the corpse grinder of bureaucracy.Glory to Arstotzka!"
76561198011347143,Recommended,239030,10548420,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Brenton Bear,"One of the few games where you are given bureacratic power that comes close to being an employee of the DMV. If you're looking for a bizarre rush of power from denying an old woman entry into a country to see her own son after years of seperation because she's missing an important document, you're in for quite the treat."
,Recommended,239030,10550518,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,HarpoonLogic,"Conceptually, this is an interesting game. It gets tiring after a while though (although I suppose that's the point....)"
76561198041069643,Recommended,239030,10553122,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SailorXTwilight,This game is fun...like surprisingly fun...
,Recommended,239030,10595772,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bummy,This game is so boring and so fun at the same time.
,Recommended,239030,10595987,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zyzzyvas,Glory to Arstotzka! This game has a wonderfully written story and puts you in some really tough moral situations that are definitely not just black and white. A truly unique experience!
76561197971173229,Recommended,239030,10596133,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Malachite,This game may seem like you're a boring passport and credential checker but in all you are the one who chooses the fate of Arstotzka it's an amazing game and had a extremely deep story.Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,13644088,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,treibhauscanada,"My entire family got sick in less than a week.  I gave them medicine; they died anyway.  Ministry of labour fired me because good workers have large families, so I died, too.Accurate Communist Simulator/10."
76561198024564587,Recommended,239030,13644312,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,gymwarrior4,This game is simply addictive. I had a ton of fun playing it and exploring the different sets of endings
,Recommended,239030,13645825,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,e c L i p Z,"An indie game based on a great idea.You play as an inspector at the newly opened border of Arstotzka, a made-up country. Your choices are limited, but the ones you get make an impact on your career and family.The game has multiple endings, and is interesting enough to play over and over again just to discover at least few of them. The game saves automatically at the start of each day, you can go back to either of them whenever you want. A single playthrough lasts for a good few hours.The game has a vibe which is similar to Orwell's 1984.It has retro looks, which I'm generally not too fond of, but in this case it fits the theme really well, and provides an important part of the atmosphere.The music reminds me of USSR marches, kind of like Red Alert's russian theme.Overall, it is a really good game, I recommend it if you like indie games based on fresh, new ideas. I can't compare it to any other game I played over my 10-15 years of gaming. Good buy, especially on a sale or as part of an indie package.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,13648429,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Skunge,This game is so much deeper than I would have thought possible.
76561198052379492,Recommended,239030,13650494,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nevele - Chiel,"It is a small game, with retro graphics to really give you that 80's communist feeling. And it's working.I had an enormous amount of fun with doing a seemingly repetitive task of checking everyone's papers for discrepancies.What makes this game is the stories attached to the people trying to cross the border. Sometimes they try to bribe you, sometimes they want you to not accept the next person in line to cross, sometimes they want you to hand out cards to any engineers that enter the country. But most just want to enter the country, with fake or real papers.Recommended game!Glory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,13650920,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SpookyEnchiladas,This game is surprisingly addictive. It challenges you to use your thinky juices and that's more than a lot of games can say.
76561198020231085,Recommended,239030,13651663,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ruju,Really enjoy this game. Whenever I try and explain it to friends I have a hard time explaining how addicting it is.
,Recommended,239030,13652577,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,UGotGlocked,This game really hones your attention span.
76561198105352786,Recommended,239030,13652882,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,PoliteWorm,terrosrist always ruin the fun
,Recommended,239030,13653446,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JackofHarts,"Wow, this really pushes boundaries of what a game can be and the kind of story you can tell. The graphics remind me of old school PC games from the late 80's early 90's. You ""play"" a border agent in a ficticious distopian country and have to decide to let people in or bar them from entry. Each day the rules get more complicated and it challenges you mentally and emotionally. It's a very good game, totally recommend playing."
76561198145604656,Recommended,239030,13653539,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ruthiescc,Fun game to pass the time
76561198077812049,Recommended,239030,13654520,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,echosmyronx,"Awesome, retro and fun. Highly reccomended for anyone that likes old school type games and enforcing rules."
,Recommended,239030,13655498,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Trollster5,Glory to Arstotzka! 50/10
,Recommended,239030,13657453,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GlowingRedSign,"At its core, Papers, Please is about reading papers and pressing a stamp to them. You play as a border inspector charged with examining the papers of everyone seeking to cross. This sounds terribly dull, and it's meant to.But through an expertly crafted narrative, the thankless, monotonous task acquires momentous significance. The player's choices will affect others' lives, whether due to breaking up families by denying a visa or arresting a terrorist attempting to smuggle a bomb through the checkpoint. In this way, paperwork checks can become more important than making sure names and expiration dates are valid because the rulebook tells you to.Ultimately, the game is a struggle between the player and that very rulebook. The rulebook demands a particlar result in each situation. Early on, you learn that you are rewarded for following it, and punished for deviating. The rules often change from day to day, which can make your task easier or more difficult and thus affect your relationship with the rulebook. But as the game unfolds, you are encouraged, and even pressured, to use more and more discretion even when the rulebook gives you a procedure. By the end, you have a number of competing priorities, and where the rulebook stands on that list is up to you.Winning in Papers, Please is not about catching all of the discrepancies. It's not even about obtaining a specific ending. It's about taking ownership of your decisions back from the rulebook."
,Recommended,239030,19755018,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,THiNGYBOBinc,This is the best Untidy Desk Simulator I've ever played
,Recommended,239030,19753450,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Bored,im jorji
,Recommended,239030,3502024,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,reggaws,"Quite a great buy.  Its a nice, slow paced game, in which you let people into your glorious, communist state of Arstotzka, to get dat dolla dolla for your family to be fed and to pay dat rent money.  Pretty great. 9/10"
,Recommended,239030,19798175,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sludgemonster Von Crapenstein,"A ridiculously simple difficult game that makes you find your balance between speed and accuracy. A fine play for the perfectionist as well as the impatient. Like my mom says about me, it's quite the charmer."
76561198095650640,Recommended,239030,19798452,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Cultural-Marxist,"Papers, please is one of the few games that blends compellingness and art. It is one of my favorite games and it is a must play. My one complaint is a few design choices are jarring like how it checks if you're wrong and gives you a slip. If it knows a citizens legitamacy then what is the point of your job."
,Recommended,239030,7916539,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Alarse,"When someone says: ""Hey, play this game! The premise is you are a border control agent and you check passports!"", it admittedly doesn't sound like much fun. This game starts out deceptively simple and escalates to obsessive shockingly quickly. Before you know it hours have passed and you're making alliances, taking bribes, and helping orchestrate a revolution. Very challenging, very surprising, very fun."
76561198007283050,Recommended,239030,7853321,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Kalanar,"Addicting indie game.Has the feel of Oregon Trail as you try to earn money to keep your family alive in a poor communist state in the 1980s. The more passports you process, the more money you make. Each round becomes more difficult, and you never know when a terrorist attack may cut your work day short.This is an Indie classic."
76561197968411681,Recommended,239030,7923747,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Smuggles - NATO,"This game is highly addicting, and as a couple of others have asserted, is an example of game creation as an art form! Seriously!!! Get Papers, Please, which is a deal at the full price of $9.99 and a bald faced steal at anything less. You won't be disappointed. Glory to Arstotzka!"
,Recommended,239030,7923837,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Marco,Fun )
,Recommended,239030,7901883,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,PopCornFlakes,Very addictive and funny small game with  good ideas and good replay value.
,Recommended,239030,5065560,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Lycia,"Très immersif, ce jeu vous permet de vivre au sein d'une dictature à l'ambiance soviétique et de ressentir le poids du totalitarisme dans ses propres actes et choix. Une perle, à l'intérêt pédagogique car il permet de mieux encore comprendre les mécanismes menant à la délation et à la collaboration, mais aussi à l'intérêt gameplay certain, les contraintes s'accumulant et le temps demeurant limité.Ce jeu vaut clairement l'investissement, dès la sortie. Essayez-le !"
,Recommended,239030,7976081,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,judgie247,Detain everyone!
76561197970882040,Recommended,239030,7977990,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[enVy] Bezzer,"This game has no right to be as fun as it is, small download, and simple plot. But its just ACE! There is also nothing I can compare it to. Its part puzzle part multi-tasking challenge. The setting is great and its worth a dabble :)"
,Recommended,239030,7978353,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,srn,"Papers, Please sounds like hell - spend your ""fun"" time scrutinising paperwork.But it's not; it's surprisingly entertaining, darkly humerous and then, just plain dark."
76561198031897322,Recommended,239030,7978564,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,poob.bubes,Awesome game design!
76561197988188501,Recommended,239030,1162300,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Taleric,"Worth the price!  The dark comedy is great, high replay value despite appearance and you can feel your brain getting a workout!"
,Recommended,239030,7983099,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,clay,"Surprisingly engaging and even though it's a brain game most of the time, the story arc that overlays everything keeps things interesting to the end."
,Recommended,239030,7984523,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lazyking,This is super fun with both humor and alot of choices! And it got the best soundtrack USSR!
,Recommended,239030,3880945,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Thorn,Oh god its so fun :D
,Recommended,239030,240581,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Protricity,"You know when you play a first-person shooter that claims to be about “how far you’re willing to go to protect the ones you love,” or “the true cost of a life,” or “moral ambiguity,” but the gameplay actually consists of shooting hundreds of dudes in the face? And you know how in the back of your mind, you wonder, “I wonder what it’d be like if a game actually designed its gameplay around those concepts rather than just duct-taping them on through noninteractive story?”Papers, Please is that game. It manages to ask (and importantly, not answer) questions of duty, safety, privacy, family, self-interest, and morality through an incredibly simple, focused set of mechanics based around checking transit papers and stamping passports.And it’s spectacular."
,Recommended,239030,13281309,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,-b over 2 a,"The mood of the setting can change a whole bunch while just sitting in your booth. From wierd to hilarious, to romantic and terrifying. Great game to play whenever you have time to waste."
76561198056602798,Recommended,239030,13258129,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bumba321,Bought this not knowing what to expect and was very pleasantly surprised.I haven't played anything like it and it is very refreshing to see people making original work like this.Great stuff and highly recommended
76561198031432166,Recommended,239030,13258523,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The Doctor,"GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!This game is about paperwork, and yet is more enjoyable and worth your time than many shooters, or other action heavy games. Addicting and exciting, Papers,please is a fantastic game."
76561198001855584,Recommended,239030,13259085,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,paul.ragnar,"This game is bizarrely fantastic given that the core gameplay is checking passports and visas for inconsistencies and policy violations. Darkly comic commentary on conditions in the old Soviet bloc, tough moral choices, subtle plot woven throughout the days... if any of that appeals to you, give this a chance. It's surprisingly terrific."
,Recommended,239030,13259543,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sheriff Walrus,"For a game about stamping passports, this is a great game. It starts out easy, only people from Arstotzka may enter, then it gets more difficult. People from certain countries have to be searched, deny anyone with forged documents, ect. The more passports you process, the more money you earn, but the more mistakes you make, the more at risk you are of being fired. You have to find a fine line between Speed and Accuracy, so you can pay your rent, heating, and the like.10/10 Great game!Go ArsekickersGlory to Arstotzka"
,Recommended,239030,4234524,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,radirgy,I don't understand why this game is so fun. I can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,239030,10920821,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Freeze,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198043355089,Recommended,239030,10921075,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pile of Rats,"Rating: 9/10Genre: IndiePersonal Review: Odd in Concept, Perfect in Exectution. This is How I would rate Papers, Please. You play a border guard in the fictional country of Arstotzka, and as any border guard could tell you, ""You see some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;... Glory to Arstotzka"
76561197966267133,Recommended,239030,10921181,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Corpral Lungfish,"LANGUAGE OPTIONS!!!!!You pretty much get the idea from any other review about this fantastic, one of a kind game. What really sold me on this game was the ability to switch between languages. I have studied Russian for years and have never found a way to make customs/airport vocabulary fun or engaging in a meaningful way. Papers Please does just that, and the effortless and in-game language translation toggle is superb. I actually feel like this game was meant to be played in Russian given the bleak Soviet themes. I cannot speak for the other 6 or 7 languages offered, but I found that a replay of Papers Please (Докумктеы Пожалуйста) in Russian was as completely different and rewarding experience, one that I can actually apply in a real world setting. How many games offer that? Buy it! Ha zdorovye!"
,Recommended,239030,10921624,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lobster Man,This game made me rethink who I am as a person.
,Recommended,239030,10921988,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,professorG,"If you enjoy Ace Attorney style games where you have to test your powers of observation, critical thinking, and deduction then you should totally play this game. High stakes, stressful, and an occasionally hilarious game where you're an immigrations officer working in a corrupt fictional cold war nation that can only let people in under specific parameters."
,Recommended,239030,10922231,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FireVulpes,So far I've played it twice and there hasn't yet been an end point where I wasn't arrested. Addictive game. ~
,Recommended,239030,10922233,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,efinnega,A lot of fun. Everything is well-thought to fit the game from the graphics to the depressing soundtrack.
,Recommended,239030,10897206,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jazzy Lemons,I thought it was stupid...  got it in steam sale... Glory to Aristostka...
,Recommended,239030,10969916,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MrGragert,"This game is brilliant in all his sillyness. Every time you play, you will have a new day where you can decide who is allowed to enter the beautiful land of Arstotzka. You'll feel sorry for the poeple who are denied, or you will laugh at them and wave them goodbye. In this game you can sort of create your OWN story. Do you want to be part of the rebelion? Or do you want to stay loyal to your country? Do you want to keep your family alive? Or do you spare money on food and heat and let them die? This game is perfect for a rainy day, when you can't go outside. I love the game, I hope you do too.Glory to Arstotzka"
76561198128675027,Recommended,239030,10971173,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Chilemex,"Very strange and innovative game, I really liked it. It becomes pretty difficult, after some time.Try it if you're looking for a different and kind of realistic game. It's not ""funny"", but really enjoyable."
76561198005030136,Recommended,239030,10973518,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,domukin,"Nice little gem, got it on sale, well worth it! Kinda starts feeling like work after you've played for a while (I think this is part of the charm, plus I may have played for too long at a time) but there is plenty to explore in the early parts of the game as well as some very creative writing. I'm impressed with its ability to make you actually care about the avatar's family and the immigrants he processes through the daily grind of his work."
,Recommended,239030,10974731,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Walling,"This is a great game that can make you feel terrible for trying to keep your family safe, fed, and warm at the expense of well meaning people who just haven't caught a break in trying to enter your country."
,Recommended,239030,10975723,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BoppreH,"You are the border inspector, tasked with validating documents. It is as dull as it sounds, but the time and money constraints, coupled with great story and actually meaningful choices make this a surprisingly great game."
76561198014573314,Recommended,239030,10977260,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kitsunekune,A game that is unbelievably addictive and fun.
76561198052680763,Recommended,239030,10977508,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheRightHonerableLordSirLayleaf,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198141912927,Recommended,239030,10978009,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LadyFeist,"Clever, simple, terribly difficult, addicting. Excellent work."
76561197991608794,Recommended,239030,10978447,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,birderino,"Papers, Please..... What more to say tho than its fun to deny folks entry to a country! I feel like im the US immigration officer this time and know what powers they have and hold!"
76561198005185007,Recommended,239030,10979123,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,3Inches,"Oddly addictive, well worth the time spent"
,Recommended,239030,11038992,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Acedia,Glory to Artotzka!
,Recommended,239030,11040643,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Thyunda,"This game so accurately reflected the pressures of real-life work that I actually had to stop playing so I could de-stress. And yeah, I was pretty callous too. Gotta look out for my own family. Damned illegals.Heartily recommended so far."
,Recommended,239030,11040706,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pixel_Ty,This game somehow turns a seemingly un-fun task and makes it very compelling through smart gameplay and many interesting characters that drive a unique story with many different endings. It's a very enjoyable game and you owe it to yourself to give it a try.
,Recommended,239030,11042788,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,RGpr1m3,"working as bank teller irl, this game is strangely compelling and feels all too familar to me.while years of abuse from customers working in banks and retail has made me numb to the moral dilemmas that you face in the game, I can appreciate the game's attempts to pull at my heartstrings and morals as they throw all of the 'immigration' cliches at me:-Let a terrorist in, or, apprehend a terrorist at the gate while yelling ALL GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA-Wrongly accuse someone of being the wrong gender-Seperate man and wife at the gate.-Get irritated with the crazy old man who comes everyday with the wrong paper work-prevent the plot of Liam Neeson's 'Taken'the only real problem I have with the game is pacing. After like 30-40 people in a row, I'd like to think most normal people get nauseous or bored. The fact that there is 20 different endings based on how you play and who you let in greatly extends the replay value if you can physically and mentally will yourself to play the game more than 2 or 3 times all the way through. And there's even a endless mode for the most mentally depraved of us out thereI can definitely recommend the game if you can pick it up for cheap in a Steam sale. Maybe try the game first before paying full price if you're not quite sure it's your thing"
76561198044736260,Recommended,239030,11064561,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bonza,I accepted a guy's bribe but still denied him entry. It was a good day. 9/10
,Recommended,239030,13179667,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Blaze Jay,"AmazingI was very skeptical about this game, however after i spend 7h straight on it, i know thats one of the best games out there. People behind this title are genius.Moral choices and non-line story makes it challenging and fun to play, Some people may get depressed by story line, however it makes this game awesome."
,Recommended,239030,13180588,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sabadabadu,Awesome
76561198057158965,Recommended,239030,13181580,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ItDontMather,"incredible, engrossing story; lack of graphics is barely noticed."
,Recommended,239030,13181866,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,keisenerzt,One of the best games I've played. So simple yet so fun.
76561198068143309,Recommended,239030,13182947,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Miss Lat,This game is pretty fun. Theres a bunch of different ways you can play and different endings. I hope they can add more stuff to this game.
,Recommended,239030,13183056,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Distressed Owl,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
,Recommended,239030,13183147,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Karl of Duty,Glory to Arstotzka!
76561198089748275,Recommended,239030,13183247,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,James2014,Very addictive!
76561198123329004,Recommended,239030,13184957,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Potato,The country is called Arstotzka. 10/10 GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198082320589,Recommended,239030,13185571,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,CockZilla,"i just love this game , i love the different ending in it ."
,Recommended,239030,30438615,Posted: 10 March,all,Overlord Surge,"Jorji wants to get into Arstotzka so badly.  For $10, you can help Jorji get into Arstotzka.  Or eventually FINALLY detain him.Anyhow, it's a deceptively simple game and absolutely wonderful.  Much more entertaining than you might think.  Great time killer, too (though not quite the time machine Castle Crashers was for me for a while). I hate the sound of faxes now (freaking M.O.A. citations freaking *grumble grumble*), and I think I made pretty stupid decisions of who to let through the border!Also, crayons are expensive."
,Recommended,239030,13210016,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Enriqué,"Papers, Please gets the stamp of approval.This game straddles somewhere between a Spot-the-Difference and a Puzzler, and despite the purposefully simplistic pixelated graphics, it portrays a grim and desolate world, while also offering the faintest glimmer of hope.You work as an Immigration Official (probably the first game ever that tries this), just trying to do your job on the border between Kolechia and Arstotzka, amidst the threat of smugglers, terrorists, and basically anyone the Arstotzka officials deem unworthy at the time.Initially, you'll be tasked with just checking out if the immigrants have the correct papers, and the details within them check out, and so on. The amount of things to check up on steadily increase by the day, which adds to the stress of time management. Do you quickly rush through stamping APPROVED or DENIED to most people without a cursory glance? Or do you fret over every detail, ensuring that you're doing the right thing and letting no scum in?The problem with the latter, is that you have a family to care for back home, which you'll manage at the end of each day. Food, heating, medicine; this all requires money, which you'll only get from admitting worthy people into the country. This is difficult to prioritise, especially if you make it later into the game when less genuine people are admitted.Thankfully, there is some great humour sprinkled in to offset the cruel conditions, mostly from the lovable old man Jorji Costava... damn you, you old sneaky rascal.Overall, there is some replayability, due to the harsh set-up which may take an attempt or two to get the hang of. Also there are many different endings that are possible, depending on the choices you make.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198145873150,Recommended,239030,13116469,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lorc,Great Game !
,Recommended,239030,13117232,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,hebleb,I'm a terrible person :( 10/10
,Recommended,239030,13117554,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,13th_story,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,239030,8368656,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Spifferson,"Great game, but sadly realistic."
,Recommended,239030,875737,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Blue,"Papers, Please is a stunning achievement in game design. The gameplay is minimal, but the choices you make are frequently difficult and meaningful. A steal at the $8 I paid for it, and even at its full price of $10 is worth the price of admission.» 10/10 «"
,Recommended,239030,8369168,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Caamora4,"I listened through the menu music 3 times before actually starting the game, it was awesome"
,Recommended,239030,8370156,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,razor86,Cool cheap game
,Recommended,239030,8370430,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,sexydexydoo,This game may seem simple yet is amazingly challenging and fun to boot.
76561197970285933,Recommended,239030,8371107,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ben Raven,"I like to think I'm pretty observant, but this game humbles me.  It gets you hooked and won't let go.  Where did the time go?"
,Recommended,239030,8371135,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sushi,In my free time I like to play work simulators!!!!!!!
76561198043960257,Recommended,239030,8371234,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DJ No Hands,"""what is passport""?"
,Recommended,239030,8371873,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MortalDanger,"Eh...novel concept, but it's pretty short.  Lacking on content.  But it's worth it at cheap for a quick play through.  Was very entertaining for the few hours I played it."
,Recommended,239030,8373392,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Deimenried,"Aaarrrgh! This should not be as fun as it is!Paperwork and ""thriller"" don't often go together, and when they do they tend to counteract one another, but not in this case. Being a border control officer for a fictional communist totalitarian state sees you enforce a list of ever increasing, and ever more complex, set of rules against a constant influx of would-be transients, visitors and immigrants. Speed and accuracy are the name of the game, you've got a family to keep and the more people you process, the more you get paid. Keep getting it wrong, and you'll be fined. Of course, the transient public don't always make it easy to do that, you'll get your fair share of timewasters, revolutionaries and purchasers of false documentation to hold you back, but you might find a lack of morals quite beneficial.Every step of the way there are choices, and endings to reflect those choices. The 2D washed-out pallet gives a very Soviet atmosphere, and the soundtrack keeps your mind on the job. Nothing is distracting (that isn't intended to be) and you'll find that if you struggle with accurate work under increasing pressure, you'll find yourself getting much better at it. In this sense I adore the game - it doesn't reward mindless reflexes, it pushes you to focus and better your mental agility.One of the most challenging games I have played, but somehow I always come back for more!"
,Recommended,239030,8396042,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Balin2k,"I was recomended this game by a friend a few months back, and seeing that it was on offer i dicided to give it a go. I would gladly of paid full price for it. the game is so much fun. Its a mix of spot the diffrence and a point and click game. Me and my girlfriend play it together ( she is much better than me )."
,Recommended,239030,8397519,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Suppoze,"I never thought I would put 29 hours onto this game. Well worth it for the 100%. Lucas Pope deserves those tons of awards his game got recently. Don't let the graphics hold you back from trying this game, it's brilliant."
76561197976158693,Recommended,239030,8398658,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,phaserbrain,"The game's early 80's, eastern European communist setting is taken advantage of well. There's anxiety and fear, but also some humor. It also has unique game mechanics. E.g., you have to manage the space in which documents need to be viewed very carefully, as you have to be quick yet thorough with a lot of paperwork. Multiple endings made me play through a few times, which I rarely do with games. Overall, a great buy."
76561198004000160,Recommended,239030,8398926,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,iglu123,"great game, well worth a play"
,Recommended,239030,8400333,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wnL,"This is one of the best immigration games (maybe the only one) out there!!!You should definitely get this game, as it really shows the sadness of living in a Communist country, as Arstotzka is one.The graphics may not be the best, but it definitely suits the gameplay, which takes place in 1982-1983.Additionally, this game keeps you attatched for many hours. There are 20 different endings!!! This is even more than the Stanley Parable with 18!!! There are some endings which only last a few days, while the 20th ending keeps you playing for 31 days, but on the 32nd day there's a recap of what you have done as an inspector in Arstotzka.When the inspector says ""NEXT!"", or when the guards say ""OUT!"", it sounds like a Cyrilic language, which is a great plus for the developers.I definitely recommend this game, it is cheap during the holiday sale, and it is worth the money.11/10"
,Recommended,239030,8400835,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TcheQ,"This was a lot of fun to play.  Very retro theme, really like the music.  A variety of ways to lose, and also to win.  Definitely replayable :)"
,Recommended,239030,8401993,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sheldon.els,"excellent difficulty curve, brilliant little in jokes along the way, challenging. most of all, unique. what a game!"
76561197998220464,Recommended,239030,8403560,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,stale_burrito,One of the most origional and entertaining games to be made in recent history. Absoluteley worth any price.
76561198062941062,Recommended,239030,8403570,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Starsider Sajun,"We must have entered the age of strange ideas executed to perfection, because Papers, Please is not the first but certainly is one of the absolute best. It's strange how a game so simple can be so striking, yet this simple game that consists of nothing more than stamping passports and allocating your salary to feed your family is one of the most engaging experiences that exists today. Buy it and play it. If for some remarkable reason you end up not enjoying it, at least you supported the notion that some ideas begin as merely an enjoyable game, and yet are singular enough to transcend into the realm of art."
76561197984880956,Recommended,239030,1032332,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,6ril,got me addicted
76561198083902535,Recommended,239030,8564239,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,coffeemafia,Most fun you'll have standing in a box
,Recommended,239030,8565684,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ben ♛,Never thought I would get so addictive to this GAME! I love it how different decisions can change the game altogether so theres a different way everytime!
,Recommended,239030,8566222,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,kestreldreaming,"A fitting pass time for the obsessive compulsive in us all. Sounds like a dull concept but is actually highly engaging and entertaining. The retro graphics style is nicely done, and i's a surprise someone didn't actually do this in the age of 8bit. It also demonstrates once again that good gameplay outrates HD graphics."
,Recommended,239030,8566864,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheRealDEG,"Really cool, should definately try it out at least."
,Recommended,239030,8567039,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sawta,"Really incredible game.  The developer really suceeded at taking a basic concept and fleshing it out into something that is super interesting.  It has a pretty good chance for repalyability too, as it's possible to unlock a lot (20 or so?) different story endings.  Love the music, love the theme, love the gameplay."
76561198073759903,Recommended,239030,9296497,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Reen Rekmen,"Fun, Addictive but very challenging. Good game and worth a try"
76561198020172520,Recommended,239030,9298002,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,iReach4theFrontier,"Good game, strangely addicting, a few bugs here there where you will get citations for things that were actually right but it doesn't happen too often. My only complaint is that the paperwork panel would get REALLY crowded sometimes, but I guess thats sort of the point in a sense. Extending the work day by about 15 seconds would  be a nice touch as well."
76561198012504625,Recommended,239030,7395209,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Britaius,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,2418579,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Monolith,"This game is amazing. It won't seem that way to you at first - the gameplay is limited to moving stuff around, checking things and stamping papers - but it is truly an amazing game."
,Recommended,239030,8845231,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,hmdesi,"I was really not expecting to love this game. When you think about it, it's very hard to explain in an appealing way ('you stamp passports' doesn't really cover it), but after hearing so many great things about it, I gave it a try, and I'm very, very glad I did!"
76561198043817749,Recommended,239030,8847282,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Acidizer,"very funny game.i dont give a f*** if ur family is sick. no papers, no entry. deal with it! and thanks for your watch u gave me ;)"
76561198045347705,Recommended,239030,9327807,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Toxic,"Deny foreigners into your glorious nation, strip search suspicious travellers, examine entry permits, shoot terrorists, confiscate passports and watch as your family freezes to death because you spent all your money on rent.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,9332662,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,kaiting,Having so much fun finding all the endings. Glory to Arstotzka.
,Recommended,239030,9334247,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Kiri,if your bored buy this it killes time and makes go crazy wen you make a mustake
,Recommended,239030,13525324,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cursor,"Do you long for a time when all of the undesirables are kept out (or in)?  Do you wish that your society knew the real meaning of need?  Wouldn't it be great if the boss could have you and your family killed?  Ah, the good old days.  I like to call this game ""Poland Simulator 1983."" I give it 5 out of 5 Communist ration books."
,Recommended,239030,13510490,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheHolySemiColon,"It's like having a real job in customer service, except you're allowed, nay,encouragedto be a jerk."
,Recommended,239030,11619520,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,qualityripped,i give it a joriji out of 10. is good.
76561198049109969,Recommended,239030,8047556,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SleepingInRlyeh,"How much fun can it be to check people's passports?  Well, it depends on you, but I like challenges that make me look for detail, work under pressure, etc.  Maybe because I'm a software engineer.  But in any case, depending on the type of challenge one finds ""fun"" one will like this game a lot or hate it.In this game you man a checkpoint, checking people's passports and papers to see if they should be allowed through.  You also get a new set of directives each round from your fine bosses in the government: work papers required this time, no citizens from a particular country allowed, etc.  And since it's a parody of an Eastern-Bloc country under iron fist rule, you are offered bribes and such - which you can take or not, as you see fit.  You are also time-constrained because you're paid per-checkpoint person, and if you don't move fast enough you don't have enough money to feed your family, and that's one way to lose the game - your family starves or dies of illness because you couldn't buy medicine.What makes a game fun is if one finds doing the same thing over and over fun: be it shooting monsters, hack/slash/loot, etc.  So if you find this kind of visual challenge fun, you will love the game.  If you don't, you will hate it because that's all this game is - checking passports, papers, keeping up with the politbureau dictates, etc.One of the best off-the-beaten-path games I've played in a long time."
76561198071500831,Recommended,239030,8049061,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,yvng mayo,This game is ingenious 9.5/10!
,Recommended,239030,8050207,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,EdgeHead12349,This game is pretty good
,Recommended,239030,8050993,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,spiah,"Quite an interesting game. Best played in short bouts, as the mechanics can feel grindy at times. However, definitely worth checking out. Unique concept, setting and graphics. Worth every penny."
76561197972333203,Recommended,239030,8051462,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Dad,great game verry adicting
,Recommended,239030,7941388,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ViridianGames,"TL;DR Review:Papers, Please is a an excellent game with some unique, quirky gameplay elements and a strong message, and could only have been made by an indie studio.Long Review:As a child of the 70's, I saw firsthand the tyranny of the Soviet Union, though I did not understand it all at the time.  Even though the serial numbers are filed off, Papers, Please does such a good job of expressing the combination of boredom and terror that such regimes induce that it could easily cause flashbacks in anyone who lived there.But the game doesn't hit you with its message like a pie in the face.  No, initially you're just a civil servant, trying their best to do their job both for the security of the country and to keep their family from starving or freezing.  Denying a correct application or admitting an incorrect one costs you money, so it initially seems simple - follow the rules, be meticulous and get paid.Then the difficult choices come - slowly at first, then faster and faster as the game progresses.  A man's documents are in order, but his wife's are not - what do you do?  A superior tells you to let someone through even though their papers are incorrect - what do you do?  A woman begs you to deny the man behind her, since she's afraid he'll force her into prostitution - what do you do?And as the game progresses you realize that while you might be the one making these decisions, the real evil is in the system that forces you to do so - a system you are powerless to change.  Or are you?The game also has a unique save system.  Your saves are arranged in a tree structure, and at any time you can click on any day in the game and branch off a new save from your existing ones so you can try new things - an excellent feature given how many different endings this game has.Cons?  Well...you're going to be peering at a lot of text in very small fonts - this actually gave my daughter headaches.  The game's difficulty gets almost excessive towards the end, with you having to examine five different pieces of paper, any one of which could be incorrect.  The interface for cross-referencing is a bit obtuse and will take some getting used to.But the game does so much with so little - the graphics are simple, there aren't many sound effects and the overall storyline is minimalistic, but you will be sweating bullets as the game comes to a close.  I highly recommend it."
76561198001684098,Recommended,239030,2063144,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Cold Fish,So good. So very very good.
76561198030844718,Recommended,239030,7943128,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Azasu,You should not think that you will be bored because of limited action. You will find yourself questioning everything you do. The game presents you moral choices that you can feel will affect you. I found my self many times wanting to help someone but doubting my ablity to not mess up anything else in the day and avoid fines that would harm my family.For the price of the game you really get your moneys worth. You will be lied to and bribed and that is amazing in its self.
,Recommended,239030,7943772,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Joshstorm,"With a steep learning curve and simplistic graphics but darling reviews, I had my expectations set to moderate.I gravely underestimated this game.It was somewhere near day 30 when I was trying to save enough money, figure out how to throw off my auditors and how to avoid being targeted by a terrorist organization that I realized that this woman in front of me with her passport hadn't seen her family in years, and I was the only thing standing between them. Was it worth the penalty?You can decide for yourself when you buy this game. Cause you should."
,Recommended,239030,7954492,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bondpat,"Papers, Please is more than just stamping passports, it is a cynical examination of life as we know it, where small differences can mean the difference between life and death. While playing, the player faces many choices, tasked with rooting out the small differences in people in order to keep them separate. The player can choose to be the humanitarian, or they can choose to safeguard themselves. In these choices, which seem small at the time, the true message of Papers, Please; emerges. It shows that we are all not so different from one another, though we always exploit those differences."
76561198059773362,Recommended,239030,10826923,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tony Romo,"Simple, yet very fun gameplay.  The story is shockingly sorta deep.  All in all it is a very good game."
76561198010970704,Recommended,239030,10827238,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Left Handed Hero,"Short version: This game is GOOD, just make sure you give it an honest chance and I promise it will reveal itself to you.This is one of those games you have to experience to truly appreciate, as it is fairly unique. I wouldn't say it's a ""fun"" game, that's not really the point, but it is enjoyable and rewarding once you learn the rules. That being said, there are definitely some humorous moments that break up all the seriousness.The game has a certain grace about it, it's very small from a content-perspective, but has enough variety to keep you on your toes. Without spoiling anything, there are several moments that will likely surprise you and you'll realize the developers really put thought into this. Even the standard game over screen is a mix of sadness and humor.For better or worse, the game doesn't tell you much, which is nice because you learn and experience on the fly but that also means it takes some time to get the hang of, and definitely multiple tries to beat the campaign. Also, a few things seem arbitrary (example, closing/opening the shutters seems pointless?)Some of the ""find-the-difference"" details require a very specific cross-match, and takes some trial and error (or internet searching) to learn what needs to go with what.On a final note, holy crap is that country's financial laws harsh: I only owe $5, please don't throw me in jail!!!"
,Recommended,239030,10829166,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SatNav37,"I tried to explain to a friend of mine about this game and how good it was, but after telling him that you play an ordinary border immigration clerk in a fictitious Soviet-esque state where you process their papers deciding whether they can enter or not....I didn't do a very good job.Instead...just buy this game. Music is spot on, top down 8 bit graphics suit the game to a tee and the frantic scanning through papers just to earn 5 more credits for your family keeps you coming back for more. Brilliant."
76561198103657353,Recommended,239030,10830818,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Górny Śląsk,"A simple idea turns into a very creative game. There are multiple paths the player can take when deciding what kind of ""communist"" they want to be the ""loyal"" communist, the ""screw communism"" communist, or even something in between. Attention to detail is of utmost importance in this game. If you are not willing to pay attention and think, this game is not for you."
76561198090333560,Recommended,239030,10832550,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hogey99,An interesting game with a surprisingly well done story.
,Recommended,239030,10834155,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,vulgo Ogro,Great game! Old Western German / USRR felling.
76561197982910230,Recommended,239030,10841233,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ever,Awesome ~40mb of Art! :)
,Recommended,239030,10842042,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,tobydog,"Death in video games is something that usually has little impact upon a player. You routinely kill thousands upon thousands of virtual foes and death or failure means teleporting back to a checkpoint. But here, death and failure are extremely psychologically taxing. The sound of a printing citation telling me that 5 credits would be deducted from my pay because I misprocessed someone was a sound that I dreaded and made me flinch everytime I heard it, because it meant I wouldn't be able to cure a family member of disease. A friend died and I replayed a day 6 times over just so that I could save him, because he was the only friend I had. The pixel art faces that come up to your door begin to feel more human than most video game characters rendered in 3D. This game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,239030,10842132,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,iTellTale,"Surprisingly one of the most intense games I've played! So many difficult decisions while trying to keep a family from starving...While a terrorist plot evolves before your eyes...Very interesting gameplay, puts a lot of pressure on the player if you get into it."
76561198009922173,Recommended,239030,10842161,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zephusa,"A lot more fun than I would have initially thought. My friend told me about this game and I thought ""What's so fun about being a border guy?"" and I've never looked back!Great game a lot more fun that expected, definitley worth the buy."
,Recommended,239030,10843102,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Verscen,"Tired of your run of the mill job?  Well come home to your other run of the mill job and enjoy yourself!  This is one of those niche games that is enjoyable, but little long term playability.  I count it almost as a puzzle game.  You are timed to see how many people you can appropriately get across the border.  Comparing their passports, IDs, and paperwork to your guidelines and their responses.Fun game for when you want to kill a little time."
,Recommended,239030,10843836,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,andreathegiant,Really enjoyable view into the politics of border control. Lots of moral ambiguity.
,Recommended,239030,10844195,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ZaidCharades,"Amazing. This game is a tedious yet heart warming yet makes you want to have a heart attack as you wait for a violation. This game takes place in a made up country called Arstotzka, and you are a person pulled in the labor lottery to work at the new border checkpoint. Though at first it seems very simple elements are quickly added to make you decide between speed and quality, and the wrong choice could get you exacuted. Random events happen throughout the pre-made story to make you go against or for your country. Also you meet intresting characters that you see time and time again and make you smile and you are evaluated on how well you do your job, needless to say you will probably be told you are scum several times over each day. There is a struggle that feels almost too real in this game where you are trying to make ends meat, making almost nothing and supporting an entire family on that. There is far more i could say about this but in the almost ten hours i've played already i know this game is like non i've played before.If you like being challenged, experiancing something new, or even deciding who lives or dies. This game is for you. If you want a unique game that will challenge you to add to your library, Welcome To Arstotzka."
76561198035580521,Recommended,239030,10846376,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,You_Rancid_Swine,"Having always wanted to pay for the pleasure of doing menial tasks whilst living under the oppression of an Orwellian state, I went into Papers please with very high hopes.On starting the game, I was pleasantly surprised by the sheer number of digits and names that had to be cross-checked and I was enjoyign my first day as a guradian of the Democratic Republic immensely before the day ended and I was forced to return home to my parasitic family. This opened up the second key part of the game, being depressed as loved ones die because you, as sole family provider, were too busy apprehending criminals in the name of motherRussiaArstotzka. This in the end turned out to be very useful as one family member dying really frees up funds to pay for medicine or expensive crayon sets and keep the others alive.As the game went on I found that a significant amount of nothing happened, which really livened up the experience and made me wish that exciting things like dening people entry would happen less frequently, however I then began to see the value of things happening in video games as it helps to compartmentalise the long stretches of enjoyable bureaucracy.In conclusion, more games need to make me feel completely bored and slightly depressed, then maybe they too could have as much praise as I'm dropping onto Papers Please.Also Papers Please is what we in the industry call ""enjoyable"", we also say that it ""contains gameplay"" which may sound strange in this day of 10 minute long cutscenes, but surprisingly it actually contributes to the experience if the player is occasionally allowed to take control of the protagonist.-Glory to Arstotzka-Your Comrade Delta_Lemon"
,Recommended,239030,10847434,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Blinding,"This game isn't what you'd typically consider fun, but it's still a brilliant game driven by a story of moral choices for yourself, a passport inspector, and your family in a fictional post-war county. With 20 different endings there's a wide varety of routes you could go, and while the game itself isn't crammed with action you do tend to lose track of time while playing. It's a deep little game that's absolutely worth the $10."
,Recommended,239030,8098788,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,(๑'ᴗ'๑),This is surprisingly beautiful for being pixelated. The different endings were and are awesome. I'll always cherish the moment when that one man brought in a passport he had made with crayons. 9.5/10
,Recommended,239030,8099018,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bellman,"This is an amazing example of story based gameplay.  It's probably the best story telling game there has ever been.  Not to mention that the mechanics can be somewhat absorbing.I reccomend it to any other teary eyed ""Games are art"" afficianados out there."
,Recommended,239030,8105963,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Slick,"This game is a must play. If you need to get into this game, look up the demo and give it a whirl! You have full freedom to do s you wish, whether it be follow all the rules, or seek to eradicate them. The choice is all yours, and will effect the late game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,239030,8109743,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Terrh,"A simple, yet addictive game. Sure the graphics are bad and the music is repetitive, but that's all part of the fun. Buy it, it's money well spent"
76561198042813094,Recommended,239030,8109793,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Endless,A Nice game and a must Get! Why you might ask? well! the Graphics style is amaizing and so are the sound effects. The story mode is also well Done!
,Recommended,239030,8109098,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Relativity375™,"A game that, for what is worth, delivers a very original, satisfying and interesting experience. Come on, it has to be good: how many games do you think manage to be sold being burocracy-based? Plus, there are multiple endigs (not as powerful as they could have been but still nice to feel like your choices matter) and luckily there's an endless mode. Don't buy it if you're looking for the same old game mechanics, buy it to try something new...P.S. the intro music alone's worth the game, trust me"
,Recommended,239030,8125998,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Rusted Scrap Metal,"This game is really really not fun. Wait, hear me out first. It's grinding and starts to wear on you. You make money for each person you process, but as the game progresses each processing takes longer and longer as the paperwork piles up. You have to  choose between heat and food for your family. At times you want to do the right thing, but can't without risking your job or a penalty.It's a long soulless grind that wears you down as a person.Which is exactly what it is supposed to do. Border checkpoint had to  be one of the worst jobs of the Cold War. You are faceless, but not anonymous, you are part of the machine, but not benifitting from it.This game is well worth the money, if nothing else to make you feel better about your life."
76561197970531539,Recommended,239030,423742,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Thunder.gryphoN,"This game is the Desert Bus of immigration. Tedious, mind-numbing, and quite brilliantly executed."
,Recommended,239030,2479111,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Le Corbeau Noir,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKAOne of the few newish indie games out there I feel actually uses its primitive aesthetics to its advantage instead of it merely being there because it's LOL SO RETRO AND EPIK. The Commodore 64-esque visuals and sounds pair up great with the bleak 80s Soviet setting. Despite the limited amount of interaction you have as the protagonist there's a surprising variety of shallow but nonetheless charming characterization and plotlines that provide a decent amount of replay value. Overpriced as-is but worth checking out during a seasonal sale.
,Recommended,239030,8127237,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Loopylizard,One of the best games I have played this year. The tone is brilliant and it incorperates moral choices better than any other game I have played.
76561198031678942,Recommended,239030,10210704,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,123,Fun indie game showing how WORK CAN BE FUN. Not so fun for the main character. This indie game is showing the world that there is so much potential for non traditional games out there and that not every game has to fit in there cookie cutter idea of what a game should be.
,Recommended,239030,10211109,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,HunBar,"Proof that a game can be great without being traditionally ""fun.""I mean, you play as a border patrol bureaucrat (albeit in a dryly hillarious, artful representation of post-Soviet Eastern Europe) charged with cheching an ever-complicated, ineffecient book of paperwork protocols, for crying out loud.But it's a truly mature game that shreads the cload of black and white morality to a series of game-altering decisions in the same vein as ""The Witcher.""I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239030,10212837,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,OutBulled,Great concept and is an amazing game to play when traveling with no internet!
,Recommended,239030,10213231,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Crazykat,"First I was a little confused, but it keeps you entertained and things can change fast, sometimes you get requests for something, either you do it and get in trouble or you don't and stay happy....I love it!"
76561197993708834,Recommended,239030,1487822,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Cax,"Deep, dark and delightful. I expect to lose hours to this gem."
,Recommended,239030,10008726,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LinkedIn Connections,"I don't know why this game is so fun, but it is.seamlessly integrated morals system, the graphics work perfectly for the game, awesome music."
76561197961278201,Recommended,239030,10012575,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Farts,"This game shines well beyond its 8-bit exterior.  A well-crafted look into life as a cold-war border guard, you will find yourself suddenly and emotionaly involved with the people who come to you for admission into your country.  Strictness can save your family, mercy can send you to the gulags, or you can live life somewhere in between.  A deft blend of emotional involvement and think-on-your-toes action, for such a small price, ""Papers, Please"" delivers in a big way."
,Recommended,239030,10013430,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,McSprinklez,A game about paperwork. Fun as hell.
76561198032539317,Recommended,239030,10017673,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Spartan,"Great game, exellent idea and gameplay. 10 out of 10. Must buy for everyone"
,Recommended,239030,14365,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Greg,Work from home...
,Recommended,239030,10165640,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Zack,"This game is hilarious, creepy, repetitive, and engaging all at the same time. While its concept of accepting or denying people the right to entire a country may seem boring, or even idiotic to put into a video game, it works! The campaign focuses on paying close attention to detail so you don't earn penalties by admitting fraudulent people, all the while you get paid based on people let in and you're on a timer. Your family and yourself can all die of mutliple causes, and the game ends automatically if you run into debt. Everything is expensive, and the pay is little. The other gamemode, Endless, allows you to repeatedly play the game based on a few parameters, depending on the sub-gamemode that you choose. While the game may get frustrating at times, the frustration has a flappy bird effect, where it just keeps drawing you in to play more. For just $10, this game is a steal."
,Recommended,239030,8712612,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dr. Val Sartan,The whole idea of this being a game is hilarious to me.
,Recommended,239030,8715933,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,John Shuttleworth,"Join the revolution! Exellent game play, brilliant storylines which just keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,239030,8716308,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,RothranAgnos,a true piece of work. minimalism is considered an artform in other media. this is likely one of gaming's best example of it.
76561198063547887,Recommended,239030,8716977,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,whitew0lf,"First it seems likea border simulator, but later a fascinating story begins. This game is definately not about the graphics, but the gameplay and the story which is a sad one."
76561198064636337,Recommended,239030,8717502,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Danal,Beast
,Recommended,239030,1471558,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Mao,"You know how big AAA rpg titles give you moral choices but generally they are fairly easy to make? You basically figure out who you are going to be and all you need to do is make consistent choices. In this game you get many small decisions but they are often hard to make as you don't know necessarily which is best even if you want to be consisent. Also, this game does a great job of making you feel like an insignificant cog in this giant repressive Soviet machine. This game shows off how indie games can make interesting and niche gameplay."
76561197995071521,Recommended,239030,8837538,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jangls,Very nice game. The video doesn't do it justice as to how engaging this game is.
76561198106119604,Recommended,239030,8840106,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gok,Paper's Please is the first game that I've ever bought on Steam and I think it's the best game that I've bought even after buying so many more. It is easy to start the game and from there it gets better and better. After finishing the 20th possible ending you even unlock endless mode which is just as fun as the campaign. With 15 hours of gameplay already behind me I still love to play Papers Please.
76561198138501619,Recommended,239030,14181987,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The Meme Lord 死にたい,"Absoulutly perfect, no flaws, no bugs,"
,Recommended,239030,13511757,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,exparrot,"Unique game, lots of interesting features/aspects of the game. Worth a pick up and a couple playthroughs."
,Recommended,239030,13513128,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ealon,"At first a game where you played out a desk job seems like no fun, but once you play it you will find that the game devs really made the process enjoyable and fair to the player.Also, who doesn't love using big red stamps!"
76561198024969911,Recommended,239030,13515105,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Yendor,"A good entry in the ""Should Games be Fun?"" debate. Because Papers, Please is dreary.I do recommend it as the gameplay is compelling. It is also one to challenge your morality -- at the end of the day you have to decide whether you family will have enough to eat, which is based on your pay. Which will be docked if you do not send refugees without proper documentation back home to be killed."
76561197971476410,Not Recommended,239030,13517170,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,losershoes,"It's pretty fun exploring the different outcomes of the story. Other than that, overall gameplay mechanic of micromanagement within deadlines just isn't fun."
,Recommended,239030,13517529,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,<3 Anal,Just wow. 10/10 - Obama
76561198152223285,Recommended,239030,13314256,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RUSSIANHELLO,"Great game with fun puzzle like gameplay, would leave Uncle behind again"
,Recommended,239030,13301882,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,gostport,"What an unexpected pleasure to find a game that sounds so simple and, well, boring to be none of the above! You feel the strain of passing citizens into your country without any errors. You feel the stress to comlete as many passports as possible to make enough money to keep your family healthy and alive. When you have a son and uncle sick you make the decision which should get the medicine you can barely afford or should you pay the rent hoping they will live just another day. As the rules change and the different areas of the passports become more important you struggle to get enough correct and through the gate so you can afford necessities for your family and keep your job. I've only been playing a short time but have come to enjoy the decisions that you have to make to survive in a strict regime.If you enjoy a game that can be played casually but requires heavy concentration then you need to try this out. I thought that everyone who recommeded this game was crazy after watching the trailers. It sounds easy but it causes emotions and attention to detail that I've never found in any other game. Try it out and I dare you not to feel what I stated above. You'll enjoy this game and you can deal with it in short doses or long intense bouts that might even make you have some compassion for those who have jobs like this."
,Recommended,239030,13302027,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,The Nameless One,GAME OF THE YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR 2013!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239030,13533324,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dach Dolan,Never can the sound of paper printing cause you so much stress. This game of quick clerical skill loose morality choices will have you coming back for more.A different buy for anyone that want to test their skills beyond the normal gaming spectrum.
,Recommended,239030,13048858,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Luke,"Great game, and interesting story line, overall its a good game."
76561198041887697,Recommended,239030,4791073,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Blahsheep,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome
,Recommended,239030,13148805,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Antonio Deuchebagarichi,Taped kid's drawings to my office wall. Executed for subversive activities.10/10also- Die Kolechian scum!
,Recommended,239030,13079758,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SpaceballOne,"The game is simple: Check people's passports and other papers for irregularities and approve or deny them. The appeal of this game is through the complicated situations it puts you in throughout the storyline. You get more money for letting people through, but any mistakes get you a citation. More people (correctly) through the border means more money.The fine line between keeping your job intact and watching out for your family makes long runs of this game worth the wait."
,Recommended,239030,13081076,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Blazemaster,"So far as I know the only game of it's kind. The art style is beautiful, as is the soundtrack. The gameplay is by no means easy. As soon as you think that you have got the hang of all the little details you must check, another is slammed into your face. Do not think for a second that you can be lazy on the job! The game is pretty unforgiving, if you screw up 3 times in 1 day, a fine is coming your way, making the already very small amount of money you have to take care of your home and family even smaller. The story of the game has multiple endings, based on different choices you make from behind the booth. I won't give anything away, but at one point earlier on in the game you are given a legally questionable choice. It is not until much later in the game that the wrong decision comes back and bites you. You have the ability to go back to any day in all of your playtime which proves very useful for the previously mentioned screw ups.If you are a fan of indie games, want to hardcore run through a very well developed story, do so. If you just want to chill for a bit, you can do so in the endless mode. I absolutely would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198005334316,Recommended,239030,13081808,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,tortoro,Addictive!
76561198083639644,Recommended,239030,10706005,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,eatingcoins,"5*, great game."
,Recommended,239030,10706684,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nojj02,Quite unexpected. Who ever thought that being border control would pose an interesting challenge?
76561198011517828,Recommended,239030,10706886,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Betavash,"It's simple, yet challenging."
,Recommended,239030,10679180,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nurse_Joy,"Glory to Arstotzka! Awesome game, innovative play type and creative setting. 10/10 would play again."
76561198050577427,Recommended,239030,10679206,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Benjewman,This is one of the greatest time wasting game ever I got it and just got sucked right into it.
76561198116341298,Recommended,239030,10679369,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,the punisher O,its pretty good game thats all i can say
76561198012421126,Recommended,239030,10680028,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dad,addicting 8 bit game. sweet lord jesus prepare to waste countless amounts of tiime
76561198036014884,Recommended,239030,10680147,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AfricanWildAss,In this game you are inspector. Detain all threats to Arstotzka. Deny all Kolechian Scum. There seems to be an anomaly in your earnings. You are under arrest. Glory to Arstotzka.10/10 Would serve Arstotzka again.
,Recommended,239030,10680632,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tom Servo,Glory to Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,10680698,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rezzee19,"Papers, Please is a strangely addicting game that starts out fairly simple at first.  You man a checkpoint at the border and have to check immigration documents for validity and decide on if they meet entry requirements or not.  You get citations for making mistakes, and there is a lot of unrest happening at the border outside of your station.  You have to move fast, because you are on a per-visa pay basis and have to feed your family and pay rent.Worth it."
76561198141182660,Recommended,239030,10681126,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Punisher86,Game is amazing! Cause no trouble...
76561198025549006,Recommended,239030,10681429,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KeptinKurk,"You're playing a bureaucratic game, right? Well, not quite. What really makes this experience fun is the game-within-the-game that develops. No spoilers, but the plot plays out in such a way that you're forced you to make very serious decisions. Never has the mundane felt so engaging."
,Recommended,239030,10681459,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,-kLeeNe/\-,What should you do when you're sitting in an office and have nothing to do? Play a border guard simulator where you are in an office with nothing but stamping passports to do!10/10 Glory to Arstotzka
,Recommended,239030,10682039,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hnh,"Really good time waster, makes you question your choices in life... fun."
76561198097598815,Recommended,239030,10682097,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ßored,"Paperwork simulator 2014, 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,3284733,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Santino,"AWESOME, nice story!"
76561198029758667,Recommended,239030,10683031,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,A Sad Panda,very fun game. worth.
,Recommended,239030,10683121,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hiliminarious,Strangely addicting! Who knew being a pencil pusher could be so entertaining.
76561197967471782,Recommended,239030,10683220,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CarbonCopy,Quality dystopian game.
76561198131801182,Recommended,239030,12958944,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,<(^-^)>ThePedoPanda,"This game was very good, until I found out about the nudity. Its very unsettling, besides that 9/10, but because of it 6/10"
,Recommended,239030,12963057,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,patsy,Its really fun and is good to come back to after awhile. Style: 8/10 Sound: 9/10 Replay Value: 8/10.    Overall 8/10 would buy!
76561198009054081,Recommended,239030,11544252,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,marcos218,Excellent game which makes something as seemingly trivial as working as a border agent very fun. The story is compelling and there are 20 different endings which makes it very high in terms of replay value.
76561198119048009,Recommended,239030,11545892,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tysonious,I have never cared so much if I could feed my text family or not in my life.
,Recommended,239030,11588494,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Super Sharpy 64,I allowed passage to someone with an expired passport and was fined $5.
76561198056048739,Recommended,239030,11590349,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Sandvichguy1,"This is an excellent game for anyone who is looking for something fresh and new. The setting and atmosphere provides a grey outlook that solidifies this game's unique look and design. Now, playing as a boarder inspector may not seem like a fun idea, but    you'll be surprised how entertaining gameplay is. Dark, edgy, and first of it's kind, Papers, Please is a game everyone should try at least once."
,Recommended,239030,11591086,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Real Gay Canadian Black Man,Gritty. Intense. Nerve-racking. Violent.All from the perspective of an inspector's booth.
,Recommended,239030,12381993,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Upstanding Citizen David Bowie,"Papers, please is and incredible game. You play as a man who works at an entry checkpoint between two countries. And no, not sarcasticlly speaking, it may sound dull and bad, but litsen. You are torn apart between working at minimum wage for an insane and tyranic country to provide food, water, rent, heat, and medicine for your family, or helping the rebels fight aganist the tyrant country while getting little or no money to help your family.One of my most memrable momnets:A man comes up with his passport and papers and i approve him after im done checking, but then he says: ""Please be nice to my wife up next, i beg you"" So his wife comes up and gives papers, and everything seems fine until i see an out of date passport and say: ""This passport  is out of date."" I was torn apart between paying rent for me and my famile's room or helping this women.A real tear-jerker this is.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,12388038,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AdmiralJuicy,Paperwork has never been this fun and humourous.
,Recommended,239030,4829783,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,PlanetFuckSquad,"Hello, comrade. I have excellent game for you! Is cheap, and will make you feel amazing. Bright colours, beautiful women, good music. We have all here! I not lie, feel good game of decade! Buy now! Glory to Arstotska!Death to Kolechia."
,Recommended,239030,6981712,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,jensen0722,Very fun game
76561198125975075,Recommended,239030,12336126,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Pennamechris,"This game is addicting. It doesn't seem like it would be, but it is. Comparing documents all day turns into a challenge, especially when people are asking for your help, your family is sick and omg that brib money looks so alluring. A great game, and the music and bit graphics are fun to watch. Who knew the life of a simple border guard could be so interesting!Love this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,12338479,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mr. Mega Apples,"This is a game that sounds bad on paper, one which has been falsified and you will be escorted by these nice men with guns to the nearest sorting office. NEXT.But seriously, the game is simply you as a normal guy stamping passports at a communist checkpoint. Money is per person sorted and jesus do you need ever cent you can get, which makes the genuinely nice and needy people really hard to allow through. It says alot of just how miserable people can be and how easy it is to just do your job and let the misery solve itself, or you can do something about it. Stamping papers provides a absorbing experience where you get into a grove of stamping efficently to the point where any interuptions to the method like wall jumpers or bombers provide a insight on just how routine life can be. Its unnerving when you think about it. Anyway the game provides insight and the rules it gives you provide context and excellent challange that escelates nicely."
,Recommended,239030,12370184,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,aaronisrippen,"There should be a sequel where you play as a parole officer looking over documents deciding if somebody is eligible for parole or not.Anyways, amazing game10/possible 10"
,Recommended,239030,12370012,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,BioStef,"People will ask ""Are video games art?""Papers, Please is the answer to that question. This game tells an enthralling story through mechanics with little to no exposition. On top of that the game sports challenging play, along with an interesting, if strange art style. What I'm trying to say is buy this game. Buy it right now.Glory to Arstotzka."
,Recommended,239030,12372587,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,8Bit,One of the best games I have played
76561198082567229,Recommended,239030,12360172,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ripper,"After hearing so much about this game via game magazines and technology podcasts I decided to try it. It may not have flashy graphics and music, but it doesn't need those things. It is an immersive game that subtely makes you question your own morals, disregard your emotions and completely involve you in it's simple yet engaging gameplay. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239030,11901751,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,dbl,"Awesome and unique game! The game has a really neat concept, and since there are 20 different endings, it adds replayability."
76561198025528295,Recommended,239030,8294599,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,alexhunter27,"Having grown up with 8-bit games I never thought I would go back to playing them, but this is one of the most engrossing games I have played in a while."
,Recommended,239030,8294868,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,☭ Leonid Brezhnev,"Excellent game. It seems overly simplistic and almost ridiculous when you first hear the premise, but the game does an excellent job of making the player feel the horror and guilt that the passport inspector goes through."
,Recommended,239030,7959968,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,jackaho,Glory to Arstotzka!  You are a border passport agent in one of the most unique and inventive games I have seen in years.  It's challenging enough inspecting every form as the number of forms and things to inspect increase on a daily basis under the increasingly onerous regulations.  Under the surface is a surprisingly human game pitting your moral compass and the regulations of your government against the lives of the people in the checkpoint.  Make too many mistakes and it may cost you and your family's health and maybe your life.  Your choices matter as the game can end in a multitude of ways.You will grow to hate the sound of a dot-matrix printer.
76561197990351627,Recommended,239030,8297546,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,atztex,"Wie kann Pässe-kontrollieren und Stempeln überhaupt unterhaltsam sein? Dieses Spiel bietet so viel mehr, als man jemals erwarten könnte. Nicht zuletzt das kreativste Story- Design seit Jahren!"
,Recommended,239030,8425575,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Immunity,"The less you know going into this game, the better the experience will be. Rest assured there is more then simply double checking immigration forms.Buy it."
,Recommended,239030,8426999,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,well_en,"I never knew the interactive story telling potential of bureaucracy till I played Papers, Please. Nor indeed, the fun."
76561197967086362,Recommended,239030,8428117,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Animal-Mother,"Absurdly addictive!If you have any affinity for Retro-Games that are anything but old-fashioned, this is for you.The immersion, through the raw pixel style even, is pretty high up there.Never has paper pushing been this much fun."
76561198085202415,Recommended,239030,11621585,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,dassh,Amazing game. 10/10. It's perfect. The gameplay is amazing.
,Recommended,239030,11621664,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Bro Onionrings,"Creative, challenging, surprising. Set in a fictional country similar to one that of the USSR, you must act as border patrol to a corrupt and soul crushing government. Whether you follow the rules or not is up to you, but remember- this is Arstotzka, and making all the right choices isn't as easy as it seems. 8/10 great game"
,Recommended,239030,11621781,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Datguy47,it fun
,Recommended,239030,11622132,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,solidsnake8608,Can see naked fat chicks through body scanner.10/10?
76561198030929403,Recommended,239030,11622191,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Blindbandit23,"If you don't get this game based on the fact it's a simple concept that has been grown and made into a complex and at times nail biting game, get it for that epic and incredible theme that will be stuck in you head for hours even after leaving the computer."
,Recommended,239030,11622305,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hellz Storm,"Why is this game so fun and addicting? I think it has to do with being a dectective, checking everybody, keeping your border secure. You also want to keep your family alive, but only by checking enough passports (to earn money) can you do this, go to slow and you don't earn enough, can't keep heat on, buy food, meds, or your house, but go to fast, and you get penatlized! :( Fun indie game I would recommend to anyone!"
76561198008422010,Recommended,239030,11622616,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Lord DIO,10/10 REMOVE KOLECH SCUMGLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
76561198042380075,Recommended,239030,11622803,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Garney,"The graphics are... well, bad. It reminds me of games I played 20+ years ago in that regard.Beyond that, the story is amazing and changing and the moral dilemmas it presents are really tough. Absolutely love it."
,Recommended,239030,11622929,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,BOO!M Wiggler,"This is one of the best games of the past decade, and definitely my favorite indie game. I highly recommend anybody interested in exploring how games can engage without combat, and especially anybody interesting in exploring nonconventional storytelling check out this game."
76561198094863676,Recommended,239030,11623101,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,FreakOnALeash,this game is so much fun and is just great in every way
,Recommended,239030,11631545,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,firax8,"My entire family died, so I bribed a cop into not arresting me. 10/10"
,Recommended,239030,11632041,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Naed,"Made me realise how truthworthy and stupid i am at the same time, also Jorji is now my friend.10/10"
,Recommended,239030,4401767,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,bruhbruh!,So engaging and fun. Little plot development features keep the intensity high. Great game
76561198082056964,Recommended,239030,11632390,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Calpol75,Pretty bloody good.
,Recommended,239030,11632574,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Mac Urban,This game was really fun and got harder the more you played. I definitely felt bad about not letting people through from time to time!
,Recommended,239030,11633272,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Copper Wings,Enfuriating but addictive.  I love this game although it makes me very angry when I screw up...
76561198007776832,Recommended,239030,11633426,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dr. Grant,Great game
76561198015573561,Recommended,239030,11643577,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MorningGhost,"This is one of the best retro looking games and a unique (to me) concept. It is initially strangely addictiveplaying a customs official for a centralised beaurocratic, I guess communist, state. You have to check documents forpeople coming through your border check point and decide who to allow into the country depending on the authenticity ofthe documents. Too many mistakes and your wages are docked and your family falls ill or starves due to lack ofheating, food, medicine etc. It strikes a fine balance between moral judgements and keeping your family alive. Itgets hard very quickly when you have to perform increasingly more complicated checks. That's its problem for me itbecomes too hard too quickly and feels more of a chore than a game to enjoy. It anyone wants to know what it feelslike to work 9-5 in an office job, particularly a customer service call centre, this is close."
76561197994327102,Recommended,239030,11643612,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ALeXKyriaK,"Tense, dark, gripping, soul-searchingly amoral ....dystopian.Brilliant and original. Recommended."
,Recommended,239030,2300867,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Salix,"I love this game.It's like having a stressful government job with an a**hole boss, mounting home expenses, shady co-workers, and dealing with the sh*tty public all while trying to support your destitute family.Seriously, it should be Game of the Year. Buy this game :)"
,Recommended,239030,11644979,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ItsMyFluttershy,This is so simple but so great 10/10
76561198058983502,Recommended,239030,11645156,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Azurwrath6,"Very fun and unique game, I would definitely reccommend getting it especially right now because it is on sale."
,Recommended,239030,11645162,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,FermataPlays,"I must say I really enjoyed this game. I first saw it on an""Evening with Sips"" episode, which featured Sips (from the Yogscast) letting criminals and forgers into the coutry of Cold-War-esque Arstozka. I then looked at the main channel of the Yogscast (Lewis and Simon) playing Papers, Please as well. (The first episode of which can be foundhere.) After seeing these two play-throughs of this game, I had to buy it. I found it on Steam, and stuck it on my Wish List. I admit, I did forget about it for a while, due to being a young teenager and never actually having any money. But gold (aka my birthday) was struck, and I was able to buy it at last with my newfound Steam Wallet balance. The game has quite a bit to offer, much of which is not featured in the video on the Steam page of the game. Every day, there is usually some change to the policy of the border checkpoint, making the game increasingly challenging. These changes include the need to confiscate passports, new required documents, and even the possibilty of forgeries and expired documents. In addition to this, there are also several involvements with terrorists and other fun country problems, which I found very fun and amusing to watch as well. Due to the many possibilities and options of the game, there are quite a few endings (I believe there are twenty or so). I have yet to get a desired ending, leaving my job intact, so I am still working on the game, and it still has served to be the fun and entertainment a good video game should be.EDIT: I apologize for the length of this review. Whenever shopping for something, I personally find that I like in-depth reviews much better than those that say, ""This game was great."" :3"
76561198006526683,Recommended,239030,11645415,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,☭ Cinkle ☭,"totes man, super game"
76561198035196195,Recommended,239030,11645657,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[LNA]Quaid,"Fun, original, engrossing."
76561198003013188,Recommended,239030,2146390,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Jaegernaut,"A very simple, yet enjoyable game. It has quite a comedic element to it as well. It will keep you entertained for hours!"
,Recommended,239030,11646505,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,west_haven,"This is a fantastic game. Just play it. For a game where you are just matching up passports and names, it is so much fun. It helps in real life as well, because I've caught two fake IDs at work!! Playing this game for over twenty hours probably helped."
,Recommended,239030,11646575,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,tanukihat,GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA.
,Recommended,239030,11646902,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rocket Lawnchair,"Great Game, this game has truely made me give respect to the paper pushers at the airports. great visuals, great game :) will allways recommand this tittle to anyone i meet."
,Recommended,239030,11647351,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Browniemixx,"it's a lot like job training if you've ever done it, become a lot more complex the further you go but after a while you begin to understand how it works"
,Recommended,239030,11647619,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,.hipster,you stamp♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045611358,Recommended,239030,11647802,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Sad Conquistador,"""physical apprence: glasses."""
76561197965074601,Recommended,239030,11647811,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,UNDERHILL,"I paid for this game after having 'sampled' it long ago simply because the designers deserve it. A new entry to the CGA genre is an all but nonexistant occurence in this age and the subject matter at hand is used in such a detailed way as to make me want to contribute in some way to these people and let's just say I REALLY REALLY don't have a lot of money to throw around. If you regularly purchase 50 and 60 dollar games from ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers or 'sample' a lot of games from TPB or other sources then I say to you that purchasing Papers, Please may be one of the only ways that you really can save your soul.Play it. Doom. Half life. The Stanley Parable. Papers, Please.Ubiquitous and irreplacable this is a game that redefines the entire genre of 'PC game' to mean nearly as exactly what 'PC Game' meant before everyone believed they knew what it meant. ♥♥♥♥ Halo, ♥♥♥♥ Suckfield and ♥♥♥♥ Minecraft. This is where it's at.Kings Quest. Final Fantasy 1 and 3 (shh I don't care). Contra. These games absolutely defined in their era what the term 'game' meant and this entry to the PC Game market is no different at all. In actuality the graphical style is both nostalgic and almost completley unnoticed by the player.Art.Buy this or stop buying games, for the love of humanity itself."
,Recommended,239030,11648445,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,B3h3m1th,"9/10 great game, a little frustr8ing not haveing money to pay bills....GLORY!!!!!"
76561197992833536,Recommended,239030,11648458,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Lukashi,"This game requires practice and concentration.  If you can handle that, and you like the idea of putting yourself in the shoes of a Cold War era checkpoint officer, you'll love this game.  It's immersive and very well executed."
,Recommended,239030,11648492,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Moomius,"Awesome game. Totally stressful as they walk out and hit that ""line"""
,Recommended,239030,11609393,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Waluigi With A Shotgun,This lost to gone home in awards are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?
,Recommended,239030,11609406,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,NeedleNerd,Strangely addictive.
,Recommended,239030,11609486,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,I wish I was white,Don't overlook it just because it's an indie game. Cause I did. 1 hour of playing proved me wrong.
,Recommended,239030,11609664,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Commorient,Got arrested. 11/10
,Recommended,239030,11610108,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kid Animal,"This Game Will Leave You Questioning If You Understand What a Good Game Is. For Me, This Was the Game of The Year 2013."
76561198046883795,Recommended,239030,11610146,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,pkashp,I killed a man. 8/8 GR8 R8 M8
,Recommended,239030,11610186,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zerklass,10/10 Would detain again.
,Recommended,239030,11610218,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Heiliger,"Papers Please is one of the best indie games that you will find within the steam store and in the indie world. The user interface and the system of the game lead to constant times of unhappiness and frustration, yet at the same time, it causes you to stay and continue, hoping for this imaginary family and believing that you just need to pass a few more people correctly to get past the day. Overall, I would say that this is a game well worth it's price, and that even if you don't usually play indie games, it is a good game to look into for a casual or entertaining time.9.5/10"
76561197973590494,Recommended,239030,11610574,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Oda Nobunaga,Very simple but very interesting game worth playing. Long live Arstotzka!
,Recommended,239030,11610816,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sarmoung,"Repetetive Gameplay with more freedom than alot of open world games.It is really the player himself who forges the story of not only his avatar, but of a family but for entire countries.One receives an incredible feeling of responsibility. Every stamp can mean death to you, your family or innocent people.The game starts out slow but picks up on difficulty very quickly.Alot more papers to check, handling money problems, eventualy getting caught up in a plot of revolutioners or whatnot.I couldn't drop the game for atleast 6 hours upon starting initialy.This game is strangely addicting.I clearly recommend this to anyone. It is not just a game. It is a test of personality.Gameplay 10/10. Yes it is repetative but the game manages to keep your concentration. Time management is important.Graphics 8/10. I really couldn't say that at any point I had wished for a graphical enhancement. No high end graphics but it fits the games atmosphere imo.Sound 7/10. Nothing special but neat.Replayabillity 7/10. Well I have only played for 6 hours now. I could imagine to play for another 10 hours before getting tired of it.Would say this one is worth up to 10 Bucks atleast. 15 if you are really into these kind of games."
76561198066310071,Recommended,239030,11611069,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Deep,so good
76561198062551227,Recommended,239030,11611613,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,kailas,this game is amazing you should buy it
,Recommended,239030,11611677,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Atebash,"It's games like this that really make you glad that a service such as Steam exists in this world. I seriously doubt it would find its way to consumers if it was to be published the traditional way. No, not because it's bad and it wouldn't find its way to customers - it is because publishers don't trust games that don't look good, they usually don't really care about the actual entertainment they provide. Papers, Please looks like it was made in mid eighties and it plays just as that - it's one of those games that takes you over without a warning and won't let go until you fully explore it.Papers, Please lets you play as an immigration officer working at a border checkpoint of a fictional country of Arstotzka. The game shows you arriving to work every morning and gives you a set of rules for the day, rules that may or may not change the next day (as expected, the rules get more complicated with each passing day) as well as an occasional visits by supervisors and/or border guards. Your job is quite simple - inspect the documents provided by people who want to get into country and decide if they are clear to enter or not. At the start you only have a few things you need to pay attention to, such as name (if first and last name on the passport and entry pass match), weight and height, passport expiration date, visa expiration date etc, but as the game progresses to each day you will have to deal with various work permits, border passes, diplomatic passports, ID cards and so on. Sounds fun? No, not really, but for some reason it is! Since your salary depends on the number of people you inspected, you have to work quickly in order to provide food, heat and medicine for your family. Each correct decision gives you 5 credits while penalties depend on the number of wrong decisions. For example, if you approve a wrong person or deny someone with regular papers, you are given a warning the first two times it happens every day, but if you do it the third time - you are given a 5 credits penalty. The fourth is 10 credits and so on, you get the picture.As if that was not enough, there's also a story of a quiet uprising in Arstotzka and you are approached by the rebels on several occasions. It's up to you to help them or not (they ask you to approve certain people with missing papers, confiscate passports from their targets etc) ultimately triggering one of twenty possible game endings. The main game lasts for up to 32 days (it can end earlier by getting killed, fired or whatever else) but it also features three unlockable endless modes that add a certain replay value.Papers, Please is truly a unique game with an original idea. It is fun, it's addictive and it will make you play it more than once for sure, especially if you are an achievement hunter such as myself. Speaking of achievements, they are not hard at all and with a nice guide you can do them all in two or three playthroughs. It would take a lot more if you were to explore them yourself since some of them require you to do an exact set of actions in order to get the unlock. Well, your choice. All I wanted was to uncover this awesome little game and share it with you."
,Recommended,239030,11611721,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Phix_uk,11/10 So good it makes you contemplate civil service
76561198040914246,Recommended,239030,7472291,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Vagikarp,MustCrushCapitalism
,Recommended,239030,11612178,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,Trigger Warning: Do not play this if you actually work in any sort of bureaucracy.
76561198042082863,Recommended,239030,11612222,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Habib the Magnificent,What is passport?
,Recommended,239030,11612295,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Miss Kessy,Yes! So much yes. Worth more than the full price even.
,Recommended,239030,11612316,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Pvt. Ulrich,"Simple. Deep. Challenging. Funny. Great characters. Great story. 5 USD? 10 USD? This game is worth much more. Be grateful.If you are in those moments when you are telling yourself ""Dude, I miss those games which where simple in mechanics but rich in history and gameplay"", then press that ADD TO CART right now!."
,Recommended,239030,11612735,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Smiley,"It's a very cool, fun and different kind of game."
76561197985280575,Recommended,239030,11612869,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Биг Боне Иван,"There is something uniquely entertaining about playing an angry eastern european borderguard.Something fascinating about looking through a persons documents, looking for the slightest little stupid type error and having them detained for it.About condemning several of those people to death in various war torn states just because some idiot spelled their name with an E instead of an A.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,239030,11612939,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Whoff,"A perfect border control simulator. Papers papers papers, each and every day, worn out faces, constant dangers. You get tired you dont see a criminal climb the wall, boom your dead. You fail on too many people and governments kills your family. Ruin a life with a single stamp, break up families, let dangerous criminals into the country, start a revolution.... Or you can be the good guy... Either way the simplicity of this game is crazy yet somehow it still is quite challenging. I feel like this game could do better somehow, maybe mods, maybe a bureaucratic process of obtaining your own documents and trying to pass the borde, bluffing your way in or climbing the wall <--- maybe that and id give 10 but so far its9/10"
76561197976390776,Recommended,239030,11612985,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Truthseeker,This game is hilarious and so strangely compelling! It's also excellent for making you think about what it may be like to live in less fortunate nations. I recommend it for practically everyone.
76561198063827851,Recommended,239030,11613033,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,javierlyam,The game is hard but fun. Gotta work harder to feed off the family.
,Recommended,239030,12925573,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Romer,"Oppressive work simulator. Got to choose which family members I liked most, watched the rest die slowly. 10/10"
76561198038641174,Recommended,239030,12925654,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Bad Wolf Nefa,"""NEXT!""I see you have your Rating, your Content and all your bug reports are up to date. You may pass.""NEXT!""Sort of Silly isn't it? This game does the impossible of taking a rather simplistic and boring mechanic of finding ""Where's the Wrong Waldo?"" and making it addicting. You check the papers of people: immigrants, spies, smugglers, you name it. It is your job to determine the fate of families all the while a backdrop of a story plays around you. Do you risk losing too much money, letting your family starve, to let a poor family with the wrong papers in? Did you accidentally let a terrorist in?Pros:The game mechanics are spot on, an easy learning curve and interesting backstory. The graphics may look dated but for the setting of this piece they are masterful.Cons:Unless you get immersed, you will be bored. Alot. It's like shuffling papers virtually."
76561198064116718,Recommended,239030,8300342,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Peter O'Hanra-Hanrahan,"so innovative and great... more please.  Bought this at release, never regretted it, super unique game and mechanics.  It's like ""Border control the game"".  Still fun to pick up and play."
,Recommended,239030,12940096,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,luft,"If i could tell a man in 1945, that far in the future, man will operate computers in order to have entertainment from a Border patrol simulator, I'd probably go to an insane asylum.approved/10"
,Recommended,239030,12940438,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JackHammerOfLawl,The setting is great and I'd never thought working such a boring job would be so fun.  Highly recommended!
