user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,239120,10253266,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,vanburman,"Final Fantasy III for steam is the pretty much the same version that was released for android and DS. It works very well and automatically maps the controller which is great. There haven't been any bugs as far and work as you would hope.The game itself is a gem and one that any RPG fan should have a go at if you haven't already.One downside is the price, I feel putting it higher than VII or VIII on steam is unfair due to the small amount of work they must have done to bring it to steam.To see my playthrough start here:http://youtu.be/kxuec7KlGlk"
,Not Recommended,239120,18448524,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,MapleMaggie,"I recommend Final Fantasy III as a game, but I do not recommend the Steam Port of this game.It's a beautiful story with beautiful gameplay. The spells and job systems are wonderful and I enjoyed what I could of it. This version of the game is a very good game and brings back memories for me of the NES version.However I can't feel good about recommending this port. There are a LOT of game-breaking bugs in this port. Things that set back your story several hours of gameplay, some that make it so you have to beat a boss twice, thrice or more times, etc... I've managed to make it to the second-last area and can no longer continue forward because the game won't register that I have a key item that's clearly in my inventory, for example. I've run into several bugs and until the port is fixed somehow, I don't think I'll actually be able to complete the game. I know many other people have run into these bugs as well."
76561197961494531,Recommended,239120,10254113,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rapscallion,"Final Fantasy III has seen many make-overs, and this one is pretty much a port of the one on the DS with just a bigger resolution. But still, if you're a fan of Final Fantasy or love JRPG's, then you should still pick this up, especially if you haven't played this game already.Here's a quick look video so you can see for yourself what this game is like. But if you'd rather have a simple pros/cons/unmentionables list of the game, continue below.http://youtu.be/4O4xZ0HE56kAs promised, the pros and cons breakdown.+Good, relaxing music. FF has always been good about this.+The ability to customize your party to your playstyle with the flexible job system. Anybody can be anything. Why not girl warriors and guy white mages? Break those stereotypes!+Strategic, turn-based combat. Some may prefer action, but I count this as a plus because you play at your own pace and the battles can be close sometimes.+Great exploration. There's hidden passages to treasure, optional dungeons, and mazes to loot littered everywhere, even at the beginning of the game. Did I mention you get an airship early on?+You can quick save anywhere. Super handy for any RPG and a person always on the go.?Because of the exploration, you can wander into places you're grossly unprepared for and get stomped into the ground.?The story is your typical ""you're the chosen one to save the world and help people along the way."" I'm not really bothered by it, but some people who want something different may be turned off by it.-No options menu besides changing resolution. Square-Enix actually makes really good option menus for PC, so I was a little sad to see that there wasn't even AA to get rid of some of the jaggies.-Because this is an old port, though a good one, the graphics aren't exactly breath-taking like the opening CG cutsceen. Personally I don't care since the good gameplay matters to me over graphics, but a lot of people get turned off by dated graphics unfortunately, even more so when they expect more from Square-enix.-It's pricey for what it is. But that's the FF brand for you.-No voice acting. While not the end of the world, it certainly does help immerse you into the world.Overall, it's a really good game, and it's nice to have an old-school RPG every now and again. Remember that childhood, my friends. Remember it."
,Recommended,239120,10258188,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tats,"First off, I have bought FF7, FF8, and now FF3 on steam. Final fantasy III (the actual one [this one]) is one of my absoluteFavorites!I haven't sat down and really played any of the other one but I just put 3 hours into this one before getting interupted by life.I'm really enjoying seeing these game come to steam! I hope morecough... tactics...coughcome soon.If you enjoy old school RPG's or Final Fantasy or bothGET THIS GAME!!!"
76561197995203351,Recommended,239120,16435806,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Darkempp,if you like final fantasy get this game.When are they gonna put ff9 on pc!! AAH!
,Recommended,239120,18272120,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Refreshed & challenging // Recommended for fans of the franchise+ Inventory & spell system is rudimentary compared to modern RPG standards, but still manages to feel polished & well-implemented+ Job system works well with combat, & offers that little extra bit of additional customization of play+ Having to cast some status-inducing spells on one's own party to affect overworld advancement is a very nice touch, & makes the game feel more involved when outside of combat+ Autosave; restarts from exact position on exit, making dungeons vastly more convenient, especially if one needs to exit the game in the midst of one+ Visuals & audio have had a satisfying overhaul+ Agreeable length; one feels as though they are gatting their money's worth of the product in terms of time investment- Characters have precious little depth or development (especially compared to most other installments of the series), & the often uninspired dialogue doesn't much help- Plot is comparatively shallow, and diverges only slightly from the original product- Destinations are often unclear; it's all too easy to get turned around & not know where the next town is locatedLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198055388590,Recommended,239120,32469149,Posted: 16 June,all,Hydale,Gameplay - 7Content - 7Controls - 8Graphics - 6Music - 7Story - 7Overall - 7/10Has the most classic story of the Final Fantasy series. Decent but I recommend the later games
,Not Recommended,239120,28323015,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Thanatos,"Same gamebreaking bugs that plagued it at launch. Not worth the full price. Horrible port. Square should feel bad that they have a game of this low stability.Played for 1 hour after my purchase last year, got the locked job change glitch.Played it for 4 hours recently and got the locked job change glitch again on a new file.It's left a sour taste in my mouth, hopefully my refund is approved asap."
,Recommended,239120,12284844,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,OnionKnight1994,"My favorite game of all time. The story and characters aren't particularly deep, especially compared to later games in the series, but deep Job Class-based gameplay, a healthy challenge, plenty of varied locations, and an excellent soundtrack (my personal favorite) all help this game hold up well even today. Despite its short length compared to other Final Fantasies and a slight emphasis on grinding, Final Fantasy III stands tall among the typical turn-based RPGs. Some people, myself included, think it stands at the very top."
,Not Recommended,239120,10292077,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Krizzy,"Heed my warning and wait to purchase Final Fantasy III until they've patched it. I received a BS response from Square-Enix, simply telling me to verify the installation/game cache integrity (yeah, because I'm *that* much of a moron and didn't already try that... thanks for nothing!) Please note that multiple users have been having the same issues:Basically, the game bugs out so bad to where your character will be sailing in a ship one second, then walking atop the ocean the next. You will also enjoy enemy encounters every other step, chests in dungeons randomly resetting, the inability to change your characters' classes, and -- my personal favorite -- in the beginning of the game, you get trapped inside Castle Sasune because the game bugs out and SHUTS THE FRONT GATE ON YOU. INGENIOUS.Think merely restarting the game will solve the problem? Don't be fooled. The game will still be glitchy as hell, just later on, is all. For example, despite having procured the Nepto Eye, the Nepto Dragon will STILL attack.Is it guaranteed that your game will be glitchy as hell? No. But if I were you, I wouldn't chance it. It's a known issue among the Steam community, and Square-Enix needs to fix it. Wait to purchase."
,Recommended,239120,14492870,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sivek,"Just to start off, if you're looking at this game as a potential gateway to getting into traditional JRPG's, don't bother.  It will only serve to put you off the genre all together.  There are just too many things, like lack of save points and some cheap bosses, for someone that may want to play a more old-school game and is looking at FFIII, the earliest available FF game on Steam, as the game to start out with.That said, if you've played a lot of old RPG's growing up, you may find something more to your liking here.  The story and characters are simple.  There's no voice acting, no FMV cutscenes, no minimap or compass to point you in the right direction.  I found all of the above a benefit to the game.  The story parts would be slowed down by voice acting and the generic story would be exposed further if you had to listen to it and instead of just reading text.  While the game is fairly linear, it does a great job at points of making you wonder where to go and there's a real sense of exploration.  There's like five or more villages you don't ever have to go to for any reason that are just there, and despite them being pretty small, it's a cool little thing that you'd never see in a more modern game.The big thing with this game is that in was the introduction of the job-swapping system found in the earlier FF's.  There are twenty plus jobs and they're handed out at set points in the story.  The big problem is the last set of jobs are unlocked extremely late in the game and this makes using them to their fullest a pain.  You can switch jobs on the fly but there's a small penalty to stats for x amount of fights.  It's not a big deal and will only hamper you for a handful of random battles.The big downside to the game is complete lack of effort when redesigning the boss encounters and the final dungeon in its entirety.  Every boss fight boils down to the same thing.  A single enemy will have a strong physical attack that hits one character and strong magic attacks that hits everyone.  Bosses will also always use these attacks back to back without interruption.  This means any character, even with full HP, is liable to get KO'd if they get RNG unlucky when it comes to boss turns versus your characters' turns.  It's such a cheap, low-effort way to add difficulty when designing bosses.  Every turn of every boss fight eventually winds up with you casting a group heal spell on an already fully healed group just to deal with the oncoming attacks.The last dungeon and it's surroundings is one of the worst in RPG's and I'm sure you can find detailed reasons why elsewhere.There's a lot of talk about grinding being necessary in this game and I find that completely overblown.  I never stopped my progress for the explicit grinding of levels/ job levels and beat the game with levels in the very low 50's.  Grinding some levels would have helped for the last boss to serve as an HP buffer but it's not necessary.  As long as you don't continuously change your jobs, you should be able to handle anything the game can throw at you as long you fight every random encounter you come across.  The secret boss though would require a ton, and I mean a ton, of grinding and I didn't bother with it.As for the port, it's a super low effort one of the mobile version, not the DS version.  This means stuff like the UI is ugly and created to be touch based, but lacking in touch suport or mouse control in menus in this version and is just poor all around.  Even things like loading your game while in-game is obtuse.  There are only three save slots for who knows what reason.  I also ran into a problem where all dialogue box text had some type of artifacting or something that I couldn't find a work around for.  All that said, it's still supposedly better the FFIV PC port, which doesn't even have the memorize battle cursor function because it wasn't included in the mobile version and has 15 FPS in battles.  I used the memorize function in FFIII so I'll be missing it when I eventually get around to playing FFIV.  Square just doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥with any of their PC ports so none of this should be a surprise.Okay, since this was really long, here's a short answer as to whether you should buy and play this game.  Don't if you have no experience with older RPG's.  If you do and are fine with not having things like save points and easily obtainable reviving items, cheap bosses and a terrible final dungeon, you'd probably get some enjoyment out of FFIII.  It's an enjoyable, but clearly flawed game."
,Recommended,239120,10403167,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Jedo,"FF3 is a decent fantasy rpg that features a short and straightforward plotline. It boasts numerous job choices and combinations similar to its NES counterpart and the tactics series.This game is of course not without drawbacks. Among other titles in the FF series, I would rank this as slightly  above average due to one or two missing (but important) features.The game does not have an option to adjust battle speed. This was something you could find in FF games of previous generations so it's a shame that this isn't built into the PC port of the game. Keep in mind that there's an achievement for getting all jobs to level 99 which will require a minimum of 2254 battles (that's if you're super efficient) so this particular option would have been a godsend.Content-wise, I also feel that it is below/lacking in comparison to the 2 other games which are also on Steam. This is purely subjective but I feel that the price point needs to be adjusted after considering this factor. It's a shame because the game ends before it truly begins. You get your last set of jobs way too close to the end of the game.Despite these criticisms, I can still recommend FF3. It follows a nostalgic formula that most of the other games in the series observe. The game is especially good if you are a modern gamer who missed out on the treasured experience of playing the first half of the series."
76561197960450124,Recommended,239120,21824718,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,JohnnyDemo,"This game is an excellent old school Rpg, emphasis on the old school. Remember this game was orginally released April 1990 ( in Japan only), to put that in perspective it, Final Fantasy 1 came out for the NES in America that year! This version is a direct port of the DS version, which updated the graphics to a 3D engine.There is very little hand holding, often you will find yourself on the world map trying to remember a single line of dialogue from an NPC that will direct you. While the flow of the game is pretty good, there is a few times that you will need to grind out levels (and Job levels). Again, part of the old school feeling of this game.The Job system works for the most part and is designed to suit individual playstyles. Unfortunately there is many bosses that die easier to certain group make-ups. This can be a frustrating thing. Also a few of the jobs are direct upgrades from other jobs (white mage / devout or Monk / Black belt) rendering the previous job basically  obsolete.GraphicsWell not the best looking game the graphics do a servicable job. This will not put your system to the test that is for sure!SoundThe music and sound effects are pretty good and definitely have that ""final fantasy"" feel.StoryAs mentioned above the flow of the game is ok, but you do find yourself at certain points wondering where to go next (at least I did, anyway). Revisiting a couple of towns and talking to everyone may refresh the memory.GameplayOld school! Grinding levels although arguably not required is recommended. The Job levels have a different leveling system, as in they don't level up using Experience points. There is a hidden job point system that sets your levels. To accumulate these job points you perform actions in battle (attack, guard, item, magic etc.)  When JP is accumulated to 99, Job level goes up by 1. Each action (except: Front, Back, Escape, and Flee) will contribute a fixed amount of job points to the character.My only real complaint is when entering a battle the camera system often scrolls through the enemies. Really it comes down to like 3 seconds but when you're grinding levels it makes each battle longer than maybe it should be, this adds up over time. Again, just a very small gripe.There is very large portion of the game at the end where you are unable to save. Although I was lucky and got through it all unscathed, I can imagine the frustration of dieing and losing everything after sinking a couple of hours into the dungeon. Save and save often! Even if you don't think you need to!Overall I recommend this game especially if you're into Jrpg, and specifically ones from the past! :)8/10"
,Recommended,239120,16850286,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Terrean,"Good remake of an old favorite.Pros- Job system is interesting with lots of options- Decent amount of grind v. story.  Lots of opportunity to max everything though if that's your thing- Bosses and new mobs can pose a threat- Finishing a job gets you a legendary item for that classCons- Some jobs are worthless- Zero description of Job Points - had to read a guide- Fastest way to level a job?  Just have all your guys Guard 7 times for an automatic job level at the end of the fight.  Should have been based on job special skills - Knights using Defend, Thief using Steal, mages using magic for the biggest boost, medium boost for normal actions like attacking, and very little for using items (unless Scholar) or Guarding.  I've maxed out a lot of the FF games and couldn't force myself to do it here.- Low agility characters/jobs end up at a disadvantage if you don't use the Guard method of job leveling.  They don't get to take an action and thus level slower than everyone else.- Legendary smith - difficult to access without looking at a guide, pops up in random places causing you to fly between two cities until she shows up at just to get your new job weapon, etc.  Poorly conceived.- Nothing carries over when you switch jobs.  It would be nice to keep some residual stats - Knight to White Mage should keep a little defense or vitality.- Save issue during the last boss.  Fight through a dungeon, fight boss, no save option except for quick save (does not allow you to resume there if you die).  Can't teleport or travel back to world map for a full save.  Enter final dungeon - if you happen to approach the final boss first like I did, you're screwed and you get one shotted meaning you lose about 20 minutes of progress and have to watch some really long cutsceens again.All in all, glad I picked it up on sale and got to see what they did with the remake."
,Recommended,239120,10255529,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheSinnersCreed,"So, I decided to dress up my review to make it easier to read as its a bit cluttered. As a long time fan of the Final Fantasy Series, I didn't get a chance to play FFIII till way later on an Emulator program on my PC. While I liked it immediately I lost interest after a few days because of the NES styled graphics.  With THIS release, however, the modern player will have a more enjoyable experience than with previous installments. It has improved graphics (well, DS level but definitely better than the NES), monsters are animated, music is a bit less annoying than the .midi's use to be and the way the cutscenes play out are vastly improved over their original versions.FFIII is the story of the Onion Knight, the reimergance of the Warriors of Light and the birth of Final Fantasy's Job Class System. The story is good, although the cast seems a bit ""thrown together"", it's really the mechanics and nostalgia that makes FFIII worth the buy. Random battles, old fashioned grinding (yes, it was popular before WoW and EQ) and FF canon like Moogles (Complete with a lackluster MogNet), Chocobo's, everyones favorite Mechanic / Airship Captain; Cid and the oddest overworld map on any FF game, ever.Overall, even as a slight fan of Mystic Quest (loved the dungeon music) and with my distaste with FFII and XI, FIII still maintains its place HIGH on my list of favoritsm for the FF Franchise. Although, FFIV will always be my favorite of the older series and XIII for the later series. If you've never played it yet but are a fan of the series, a young'un wanting a taste of nostalgic old school gaming or just someone with $15 to blow; come and relive a classic and get ready to have the level up theme stuck in your head for weeks!Kupo, Kupo and Game on!"
76561198045843345,Not Recommended,239120,28842378,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SixClicks,"I love every FF game, but the glitches in this version are beyond words. Got trapped in the castle because my last team member decided to leave my party and reappear guarding the place again. Next was the Nepto temple where I could not interact with the statue after I got the eye.... and now forever stuck no matter how many times I kill the boss.EDIT: After many trial and errors of running the Nepto Temple dungeon. I acquired not 1 but 4 eyes as both the chests and the boss kept resetting. I was finally able to interact with the statue. However I lost my Job ability!... Back I went to solve the issue and found that if I skipped the chests and defeated the boss first I was able to interact with the statue. Thus keeping by job ability and able to progress! (saved asap and went back for the chests just to check, everything was working fine then!)"
76561198076698548,Not Recommended,239120,10265882,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sam Malone,"* Started game and everything was zoomed in no matter what resolution was set.  Zoomed in so far that all you could see was the top, left quadrant of the actual image.  Game is so new that there was no troubleshooting help online.  I had to scan through 20 + reviews and forum pages just to find mention of this issue.---------*** SOLUTION For those of you with the same experience***---------*  Select the FF3.exe file in your steamapps folder.* Right-Click on .exe and select 'Compatibilty'* Now selct the compatibility tab from this window* Toggle the 'disable DPI' setting..... The reason you are having this issue is because you are using a monitor that displays very high DPI.  I'm currently using Apple's Retna display and that is the highest DPI you can get right now besides 4k stuff.  But any monitor capiable of displaying over 1080p will most likley fall in this category.* The only other problem I experienced was a slight gamepad issue where my character wouldn't stop traveling west no matter what I did on the gamepad.  Unfortunatley, travelling west on the world map made me bump into a few mobs that I wasn't geared or leveled for, I died and then was sent back to my original save point which was signicantly far back in my game play.  This really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off--- so I restarted and everything was fine.  If it happens again, I'll simply unplug the controller in hopes that will make it forget the error.Besides those 2 experiences, I would say that I am loving the game.  I never played the DS version nor did have I ever played any ports besides those awful ones for psx from the late 90s.  The game looks so beautiful now that it has been upscaled for PC and looks even better on my 50"" display (sitting 10 feet back of course).I really wanted to give a good review since FF are my favorite games, but unfortunately this PC release came out in 2014 and none of these issues should even exisit in the first place.  High DPI monitors are the future and no game should ever make you have to troubleshoot to find out that it is something this simple.  This game should be patched to auto-detect high DPI displays and allow users first time experience to be a plug n play situation like advertized.SQUARE:  PLEASE KEEP THE FF REMAKES COMING, JUST DO A BETTER JOB AT LAUNCH!! TAKE MY MONEY PLEASE!!"
,Recommended,239120,31379646,Posted: 26 April,all,Zero Summ,"Pros:It's a classic.Great soundtrack.Port of the DS/Android version of FF3. I didn't run into any bugs in the 40+ hours I put into it.Gampad support.Neutral:Launcher. It's not a huge deal but I'm kind of disappointed that they didn't just integrate the settings into the game itself. If you want to alter things like resolution or game-pad configuration you'll need to close down your game and change it in the launcher.Lack of a simple tutorial. I'm all for games not holding your hand, but they don't even explain simple mechanics. It took me like 10 hours before I got frustrated enough to go and Google how to use spells on equipped weapons. (You have to press up while you're inside the item menu if you're wondering.)Achievements are outrageously grindy. I realize you don't need to do them, but getting all jobs on all characters to 99 is just insane.Cons:While some see a classic, others will see an outdated game. Combat is very simple, and the storyline is shallow and cliché.If your controller disconnects during play, you'll need to restart your game in order for it to work again.Lack of save points near the end of the game."
,Recommended,239120,15716594,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Wellbien,"Pure, unspoiled Final Fantasy at its best.I first played this game back in 2006 when it was introduced stateside to the Nintendo DS and I loved every freaking minute of it. Final Fantasy III is a sweet, charming, and satisfying Final Fantasy experience. The style of the music, the artwork, and the feel of the game has yet to be replicated.Luneth, Arc, Inguis, and Refia are four adventurers who become the Warriors of Light. Their roles in the party are based on which jobs you assign to them that unlock as you progress through the story. The story is simple but engaging enough to want to see through to the end.This game is HARD, especially when you're used to the more modern FF titles. I can't sugarcoat the difficulty at all. You will rarely get a phoenix down, so trips back to town to revive fallen party members may happen frequently. If you are looking for a challenge, you will certainly find it here.It's kinda sad that it took over a decade for this gem to see a US release, but it has already taken place as one of my favorite games of all time and one of my favorite FF titles. Completing this game is one of the most rewarding experiences ever. I recommend getting both FF3 and FF4 on Steam as both are challenging in their own ways but offer different experiences."
,Not Recommended,239120,32384423,Posted: 13 June,all,Alm,"Pretty good game. I like this one a lot. If you can get it to work, you'll have a pretty great time.Unfortunately, myself and many others can't get it to work. After my initial 22 hours, I lost my save and the game doesn't start anymore. Tried every conceivable fix I could find and nothing worked.Probably just go download the rom for the DS version or somethin'."
,Recommended,239120,10279854,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Armis,FINAL FANTASY IIIThe game is fun with good soundtrack and visual old school like ps1. the story is simple but catchy the game have a nice job system and very charismatic characters.If you're a fan of Final Fantasy and RPG with battles in turns i recommend
,Recommended,239120,21197171,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Multani,"I was very exctied to get to play this Final Fantasy title.  I had yet to play it, even on the DS, after all these years.  I welcomed my time in game on Steam with open arms.In short, it was very well worth my time.  Good story, with all the Final Fantasy staples thrown in throughout, and I felt engaged for a majority of it.  A job system that is vast (23 jobs), and fun to learn for each unique job. Plenty of things to do beside just level up your character.  And a fight system when mixed with the job system that became quite in depth.  By the end, I was very happy with my in game time saving the crystals as the fabled Warriors of Light.If you are a collector of in game items, or achievements, this game is loaded with some time consuming ones or just plain hard ones --  Filling the bestiary with every monster in game.  Finding EVERY chest in game.  Leveling EVERY job to 99, on EVERY character. With a few thrown in for really rare boss monsters or weapons.  Plenty of easy, fun achievements as well, and nothing if skipped, that would ruin the full game experience.I was very pleased with the game as a whole.  I didn't play anything else until I was done because it held my attention, and it was a wonderful throw back to a style in the RPG genre, that I for one, truly enjoy and love.  Well, WELL worth the time if this is your type of game."
,Not Recommended,239120,32787029,Posted: 25 June,all,Pierre,"A great game overshadowed by game breaking bugs. I ecountered both the unchangeable job bug and a sequence break bug after a great 4 hours of play. The only way to fix these is by either loading a previous save that isn't bugged or starting over. If you don't notice that you can't change jobs anymore and you overwrite old saves, you're done for. I can't imagine the frustration of getting these kinds of bugs after 10 hours++. Other versions of this game are perfectly playable, like the original NES (with fan translation), Nintendo DS and PSP ones."
,Recommended,239120,11360522,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,2Fast2Critchley,"As a huge fan of the franchise this was a must buyand i am not yet dissapointed.it is exactly the same as the DS version that came out back in 2007. the control scheme is a little odd to begin with but uis ver fluent after a while once you are use to them. the graphics are basically the same as on the DS just on a larger screen which feels a little cheap and less HD, but the gameplay is still the same. the game itself is superb with a well written story and an easy to understand battling and leveling system. the awful Mognet is gone as well which makes side quest much easier to access making the game feel more complete.8.5 / 10"
76561198045574430,Recommended,239120,20916268,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lagruej,"I've been a Final Fantasy buff for nearly 2 decades and 3 was one of those elusive games I never got to play due to the original never making its way to the West.  Thankfully this has been changed and the game got a nice faithful remake.  All I can say is WOW - I do not know how this game avoided a Western release the first time around, it was fantastic.All the making of a traditional FF world (4 Crystals, Warriors of Light, etc. etc.) - and with enough flair and uniqueness to quite distinguish it from basically every other FF game even into modern iterations (I really liked the idea of '2 worlds' one being a floating continent).The Job system is awesome and offers a huge variety of choices but does promote some serious grinding if you're into switching around.  If you don't like to grind then chances are you will finish the game with the default classes (Warrior et al.)Probably the biggest downside to the game is that it features the archaic 'only 3 spells per level' mechanism that existed in FF1 and 2 - this is further aggitated by the fact that the game is no longer limited to simply White and Black Magic - you also have to find room to put your Summons in one of those 3 precious slots per level.  However I can understand that the game is technically just a faithful remake, and the system is what it was when 3 released in Japan.Storywise this really feels like an early FF - and by that I mean the story is trivial at best (same as I and II).  You could text mash the whole game and you'd likely find you like it just the same as long as you like FF/JRPGs.  That being said - it's not an issue of the story being ""bad"" so much as the story just didn't latch for me.Graphically it isn't too bad - it stands somewhere around where 7 does graphically.  7 makes use of parallax backgrounds and imaging layers to give the impression of better 'graphics' for their environments - but when you look at the character models you can see the difference - especially in meshing.   FF7 has better environments, but FF3's character models' meshes and overall 3D details are better - textures are bit poop, but still better than FF7s in most cases.All in all it was a positive experience and one day I'll probably play again just for the fun of it."
76561197985697393,Recommended,239120,23966859,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nyron,"Final Fantasy III is a nice JRPG but definitely shows its age. This PC port is based on the Nintendo DS-Version from 2006 which itself is a port of the original NES game from 1990. The graphics are done in a reduced chibi-style that may not be everybody's cup of tea, but all models are surprisingly faithful to the original.Pro:- The barebone story is somewhat extended compared to the original- The job system is pretty flexible and allows for some experimentation.- Even without a real help box like in the FF6 remake you always know where to go next- ~20+h of playtime without doing the superbossCon:- Formulaic ""Go rescue the world"" story- Turn based combat with a large random element to the speed stat. This can lead to some bad luck in boss combats which otherwise would be pretty easy- Weird difficulty progression: Some bosses in the mid game are much more difficult than the enemies in the surrounding area would suggest- No save points in dungeons. The final dungeon takes over an hour to complete. If you die on the final boss you can repeat everything- Itemization of some classes is strange. My black and white mage wore their starting head gear up to the last part of the final dungeon- Changing job classes takes a looooot of grinding and some jobs become available really late. I ended up with just changing the job of 1 character to an advanced job class and still could finish the game without much problem.Despite some of the shortcomings, FF III is enjoyable enough for an in its core 26 year old game. If you want to experience the evolution of the Final Fantasy games this is a good starting point that already has some of the elements and comfort found in later games, but is still charmingly unpolished."
76561198149930274,Recommended,239120,19643667,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Griever,"Good game if you're looking for a break from the usual rpg experience, taking a step back into an old pair of shoes. Really enjoyed the fact that anyone can be any class, and tons of choices. My opinion is a bit biased I'll admit, hard for a Final Fantasy game to disappoint me but this one exceeded my expectations.Pros--Funny storyline-Unlimited party options for combat(Example:White Mage/White Mage/White Mage)-Decent length of game time, 20 hours in and only felt like I was half-way throughCons--Story can be difficult to follow at times, gotta pay attention to what the NPCs tell you-Classes level individually, and some have upgrades as you level, like Monk<Master. But by the time you unlock Master, your Monk at his current level will be doing more damage than a Level 1 Master.If I had to give it a score, I'd say 7.5/10Hope you found this review helpful, first one I've written!"
,Recommended,239120,13970619,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"I had, prior to this game, finished ff4,6,7,8,9,10,12 and  13 but never tried ff3- now I´ve not only played but also finished ff3 and yes, I do recommend this game.final fantasy 3 is more of an old-school game (...what a shocker?!) than the newer games, in terms of jobs and dungeons. While there is a story within this game, and its a decent one, the playable characters are hardly the focus, but more about dungeon exploration and saving the world.While that might sound bad, it was actually a pleasent experience somewhat, since there are so many classes to try and experiment with for the ""right"" combination to beat bosses and dungeons and advance in the storyline.For example, if you feel a dungeon might have too many locked door, maybe you should bring a thief for that extra treasure. If you experience to have a dungeon filled with monsters weak to magic you want to bring a black mage, and if you feel the need for a good tank to absorb all that physical damage and dish some of that back you may need a viking or a knight.Also, the game doesnt hold your hand, they want you to figure out stuff and explore on your own.Anyway, it had a good strategical depth and for any rpg lover it would satisify but if you´re looking for a good story with great characters, and looking among the older rpg titles, Final Fantasy IV(4) will be a much better choice.I will still grant this game 8.0/10"
76561198051378130,Recommended,239120,32926849,Posted: 28 June,all,TwistedTurtle,"An all time amazing classic and solid Final Fantasy Game. Unique job system gives you a lot of customizing with your team too whip up powerful combos or keep useful abilities, fair amount of achievements for achievement hunting. Theif is best. Worth the Buy"
76561197969749884,Recommended,239120,30817963,Posted: 29 March,all,Sarkoth,"Great game and contrary to apparently a lot of other people, I didn't encounter any gamebreaking bugs.Only downside: Mindbogglingly grindy, but that has been and still is the the way of JRPGs until this day."
,Not Recommended,239120,28886965,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GameNative,Game breaking progression bugs - twice in the first 5 hours of play causing me to restart the game from a previous save (which unfortuantely lost me quite a bit of progress).
,Not Recommended,239120,30053330,Posted: 20 February,all,wilson0x4d,"don't buy it, for many players it is not completable due to a bug exiting ""Tower of Owen"" where the player becomes stuck in the ocean without their ship. none of the workarounds mentioned by other users work.fix your bug, square."
,Recommended,239120,22827356,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,"Grindy fun. Sure it's the DS version and the 3D looks blooming awful these days but a good game at it's core is still a good game, and there's a lot of game for the money,"
,Recommended,239120,17998416,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,fruitbatsalad,"I loved this game on the DS, so I bought it again here.  I highly recommend it if you're a fan of old school JRPGs with random encounters and turn-based battles.The story is simple, but you have to remember that this is a remake of a game from 1990.  For me, a big part of the appeal is the character customization.  There are dozens of ""jobs"" (character classes) which you can switch to at any time once you've unlocked them.  Even though the story proceeds in a linear fashion, the character customization gives you a lot of freedom to do what you want - so you have nonlinear choices in that regard.The DS version had very low resolution graphics, and it's refreshing to play on a big screen with sharp visuals.  After playing this, I don't think I can go back to the DS version.  Keep in mind that these are still the original low-polygon models.  Personally, I find the low-polygon look to be charming, but some people might not like it.I've played a lot of games including many RPGs, and this has possibly the best soundtrack I've ever heard in a game.  Yes, even when comparing it to other great soundtracks like Chrono Trigger/Cross and other Final Fantasy games.  The remade FF3 soundtrack is that good.  I recommend headphones to get the full experience."
,Recommended,239120,10387855,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Zuluf,"NES-generation kids will cheer playing through this revamped 1:1 remake of Final Fantasy III. The popular JRPG franchise's third title features up to two dozen hours of turn-based combat, open-world exploration and old-school dungeon crawling. The production value is adequate for a handheld title (FF III is, essentially, a DS title), but it might come across as underwhelming for the 13.99 EU pricetag.Buy it if you:were born in the 80senjoy anime culturecan afford a somewhat expensive nostalgia catalystDO NOT buy it if you:expect production value for your buckcan't stand obtuse, oldschool mechanics, the tedium of grinding or chibi aestheticsget bored playing something that is not in real-time"
,Recommended,239120,23352861,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SageMonkey(LAB),"Fun and simple RPG. Recommended for old school gamers. There really isn't much character development. When a character dies, you don't really care, because you only really encountered them for like a day or something.Haven't encountered any glitches.The game worked fine using a controller. Can be a little annoying, because the developer didn't bother converting the controls with an Xbox Controller in mind. When an instruction appears, it's for the mouse and keyboard, but isn't hard to figure out which button doesn't what on a controller."
,Recommended,239120,14344997,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,djthirstquenchr,I paid 8 dollars for a remake of a game from 1990 that came out almost 10 years ago on the DS and that I already owned.9/11 Squeenix does it again.
,Recommended,239120,29027013,Posted: 4 January,all,rcpinto,"I haven't played the original NES game beyond the first dungeon, and now I know what I've missed. It is an amazing game with great mechanics, albeit not having great character depth and development, something to be seen for the first time in FFIV. It is the first FF game that allows your characters to change jobs freely, something that would come back again in FFV and FFT. Probably the best of the first 3 games (but, still, behind the SNES titles). If you like old-school JRPGs, this is a must have.Note: Not a single bug found in my ~56h of gameplay (Windows 8.1, 16GB RAM, Intel CPU, AMD GPU)."
,Recommended,239120,24914130,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,☩Sparrow421,This game is very brutal for a Final Fantasy game.-There are no ethers in the game and the only way to heal MP is to either rest in a town or use an elixer.-Elixers are very rare-Phoenix Downs are rare and can not be bought.-There are no save points inside dungeons.-Protective magics are single cast only.For this being a remake of an snes game it is actually pretty good.Some of the jobs like thief and scholar are pointless and there special skills can be replaced by items or spells.The thiefs steal is useless unless you want to farm phoenix downs from a rare mob because there is only one thing you can steal that cant be obtained any other way and its at the end of the game. Stealing from any other mob or boss only grants basic shop items.The game is worth a play through if you are a fan of FF games otherwise im sure there are some newer turn based RPGs you can find that do what this does and better.This would be a neutral review if i could have that option.
76561197995491919,Recommended,239120,30276567,Posted: 2 March,all,endril,"On this grand adventure, you will:-own nineteen airships-steal family heirlooms-find out your childhood friend is gay-punch hundreds of pterodactyls-fight a sentient apocalypse-shurikens"
,Recommended,239120,23739477,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Deimos,"FF III is a genuine adventure, simple but endearing and definitely magical. It's got a surprisingly varied job system, cute models and all the old-school, grindy JRPG-ness under a remastered graphical overhaul. Though it likely won't blow your mind, it's legit. Save often."
,Recommended,239120,10259119,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rainewaters,This game makes me more moist than leviathan 10/10
,Recommended,239120,17499298,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ANBUwilson,"This was my second time playing through Finaly Fantasy 3, the first time was on my 3DS a few years back.  I can't remember a big change on the PC but I really enjoyed my time with this game.  For me it was not my favorite of all the FF games I have played, not to say it was bad but the story was bland and lacked very little emotion.  This was mostly due to the age of the game.The remakes on PC/3DS have noticeable differences in graphics and overall gameplay/game length, this helps with replaying it for the most part.  When it comes to optional quests, gear, dungeons, etc.., there is not much to talk about.  With the exception of one side quest most endgame content will be completed on a casual playtrough.All in all I liked the game and would recommend it to anyone thats in to oldschool JRPG games.  I'm also glad I played before replaying 4, 7, and 8 because you get a better experience seeing the evolution of the series and how it continues to hold to certain fan fare and oldschool game mechanics."
,Recommended,239120,23660317,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Shinra,"As a huge FF fan this might be my least favorite in the series.It was hard to get too involved in the story and not much ""feel"" in the characters you play or meet.The Job system and the way you level them seems off to me. Normally I like to powerlevel, max out my chars, but in this system you have to stay in combat and do alot of combat orders to gain JE (jobexp, which are hidden).The MP system is weird too, granting you a specific amount of casts pr. spell level, instead of just normal mana. Not a fan of that, 95% of the time my spellcasters were just ""guarding"" to avoid wasting spells.Despite all of this, I would recommend the game to any FF fan."
,Recommended,239120,28894421,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JPSugars,"If you enjoy turn-based RPGs then this is a must play.I'll admit the game has a difficulty curve to it, but there's nothing like a little bit of grinding to sort it out, just in case though make sure to SAVE OFTEN!The way the job system plays out makes you care for your individual characters because depending on how you build them, if one key player falls, the rest follow. Perhaps best of all, there are many play styles and builds for this game, and no two work the same (I played devout, summoner, knight, and geomancer) which doesn't add much to replay-ability, but allows you to play your way and perhaps a different way in the future.I'm a huge fan of the final fantasy series and definitely reccomend any wary buyer to try this game out! (Just don't forget to save often, the game is HARD!)"
,Recommended,239120,10486575,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ayako Ari,"FINAL FANTASY III / ファイナルファンタジーIIIIs a great game, with a decent soundtrack....I just love the job system it's my favorite type of leveling style. It pretty much is the same version that was released for DS and Andoird.The game is a must buy for JRPG fans and Final Fantasy fans, I do feel that the price is a bit silly.PS to be good at the game make all party members black mages DOIT"
,Recommended,239120,28479190,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,coolsexguy420boner,"Good, until the game ♥♥♥♥ed my save file up. This game is very glitchy and SE offer no support at all, but if you can manage to play without messing things up the game is great!To clarify, after the lighthouse boss it put me onto the sea, but instead of being in the boat I was just my avatar, and from then on I could not leave the sea, nor could I do anything on it."
,Recommended,239120,10265087,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dasya,"Before starting, I must state (because it seems many do not know this still) this is **NOT** the FFIII that was on the SNES (that was FFVI in Japan). FFIII was never released in NA until a few years back, when it was brough to the Nintendo DS & later Android (I assume iOS as well).This brings back the job system established in the first FF, with a large variety of jobs to choose from. These include the standard jobs you expect, like white/black/red mage, dark knight, dragoon; and others not commonly found in the FF series, such as viking, onion knight, and scholar. This also brings back a large world to explore, where you are not hand held and running down a hallway for 80 hours, which recent iterations of FF have unfortunatly de-evolved into.The graphics are bright, as to be expected of something ported from the DS. No, it has not been updated for the PC, but hey, it's not 8-bit graphics and high pitched MIDI sound killing your eardrums. Character design reminds me of a simple version of those seen in Bravely Default on the 3DS.I have never been able to get into mobile gaming (the drain on battery murders my phone), and am glad this came over to Steam. If you still need to add this one to your FF collection, and have not played it yet, pick it up as you will not be disapointed."
76561198364111575,Recommended,239120,33881283,Posted: 29 July,all,Acid Kitten,"I really enjoyed this game, wasn't too sure what to expect to begin with as this is the first final fantasy game I have played and what an introduction it was!I found it to be a lot like dragon quest with the jobs and turn based combat etc which is great, the grinding took up a good chunk of hours but oddly I didn't find that off putting but I can see why some might be put off, it took me about 20-30 minutes to gain a level in the later stages of the game which isn't really that bad in my opinion (I'm sure it could be done quicker).I have no idea how this compares to the original game because I have not played it but I'm certainly going to give it a go in the near future!Overall I found the game to have a good though predictable story but still enjoyable, the music isn't bad when it works, sometimes I would have to close the game and then open it again to get the music going, that's not a major issue, I read some people were having problems with quicksave option but I can say I had no trouble with this at all, the game performs perfectly well for me.Gameplay - 8Content - 8Controls - 7Graphics - 6Music - 6Story - 7Overall - 7/10Recommended!!"
,Recommended,239120,20262915,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wereboar,"Remake of an old console classicThis game is a remake of the Final Fantasy III (which appeared 1990 for the NES). The remake was created for the Nintendo DS, and has some enhancements. I never had an NES, maybe it was just luck, because that way the game was quite crisp for me. I lost all confidence in consoles during the early 80s and the big console crash, since that time I exclusively use computers instead of consoles.The game has a lot of upgrades, as far as I remembered the NES game had graphics which could be compared to older RPGMaker games. This has been changed, also there is a lot more of actual interaction between the characters. And the Jobs (or Classes) have to be leveled seperately to the Skill Level. The game also has a lot of grinding, which is kind of a drawback in some times, but in this game grinding actually makes a lot of sense.Pros:Enhanced Graphics, Sound and Intro. The Intro alone is quite a show.The game was updated without destroying the charm of the original, including the different jobs.The game actually is very easy to learn and offers an intuitive access to the game world.Cons:Attention, to really and actually experience the game to it's fullest you have to grind a lot, the jobs require as much attention as the skill level and equipment itself.The story is a bit to shallow, but that's only a small drawback for the game.RecommendedThe game is good and worth it's money, it will bind you for quite some time and you'll be happy to get around a large gameworld with some strange stories and even stranger history. The Final Fantasy series always has been regarded as a hallmark of Roleplaying games, even back on the NES consoles. And yes, this notion is true, this game does a lot of stuff in a very correct and user friendly way, while at the same time it tries not to overdo some critical matters. The gameplay might be called linear, right - but you still can fail, and you might have to reload the save game."
,Recommended,239120,27596101,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Josh Trigiani,"I played this back on the DS over 10 years ago, and it's still great fun to this day.Also the soundtrack is fantastic!"
76561198078132151,Recommended,239120,14589853,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Downer,This remake had it's moments for me.Pros:Jobs selectionCharacter designMusicAuto target of status effects / deathCons:Enemy / your magical resists do not compute.Spell / combat effects we're lackingReused mobs (trash and bosses) frequently called clonesBosses uncreativeI recommend it if you enjoyed the other Final Fantasy games. Keep an open mind...
,Recommended,239120,19797781,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,☢^☢J◌N☢^☢,So... the game is good... just a few annoyances such as getting to an area where you just insta die early off and it is very easy to get lost. A guide is a good idea to have close if you get lost. The game is overall fun and it is a nice remake.
,Not Recommended,239120,28917653,Posted: 1 January,all,Haan,"FF3 is a solid title and great to play on DS. Unfortunately, the steam release is a slap in the face.This game is riddled with game-breaking bugs. Story randomly resets and locks you, preventing progress. Essential story npc's and events are blocked or disappear randomly. Game functions, like job-change, suddenly don't work and prevent progression. Just from looking at the community forums, the developers are zero help in this, simply saying to save often and not addressing the issue of the bugs. I looked forward to a revisiting of a classic DS title, only to be severely disappointed by said issues.You're better off playing this on an emulator."
,Recommended,239120,20797172,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Flonn,"While it is a port of the DS remake, it has enough of the simplicity and that grindy flavor to hit the spot for that early Final Fantasy JRPG nostalgia (note: I've experienced no issues with the port).Much of this is owed to the fact that this game is almost a verbatim remake, which reflects the restrictions of the ancient technology of 1990, when the game was first released. The redsign of the game was primarily only a visual & audio makeover (updated music, '3D' environments & sprites, etc). The gameplay and construction are almost identical to the original.This means that there really isn't much at all to the story, and the characters are pretty much completely flat. So if you're expecting the rich development you'd find in the story and characters of the later installments in the series (pretty much any of them after this one), look elsewhere.Further, the maps used in the original games have been retained here - and that includes the limitations in design, as  So, similar to the limited story, dialogue, and characters, you'll find that they're disappointingly simple.While all the above might seem like a pile of complaints, it's actually not. What has been redone, has been redone well. The visuals are limited to that of a DS, however im finding that the music is really enjoyable. All in all, it's been a fun experience - just don't expect this to compare to the modern (high-budget) maserpieces that the Series produces.Bottom line: if you're looking for a nostalgic feel with a bit of modern flavor, this just might hit the spot."
76561198088380930,Recommended,239120,34563341,Posted: 28 August,all,emasterslake,"Final Fantasy III was originally released in the year 1990 and was the last Final Fantasy title to be released on the Nintendo Entertainment System. It was among the three canon Final Fantasy titles to previously not get a domestic release in America. Not until 16 years later when a remake was made for the Nintendo DS. And this is what this game is, a PC port of the Nintendo DS remake. While it would of been cool to play the original version of the game, it unfornately was never given a release outside of Japan. So for the time being, this is the only version of Final Fantasy III, we may be able to play unless you buy the game directly from Japan, played the unofficial English port, or someone strikes a deal with Square-Enix. Like how Final Fantasy II was finally released domestically as part of the Final Fantasy Origins game for Playstation and the previously unreleased Final Fantasy V got a domestic release as well. With the conclusion of that history lecture, let me review Final Fantasy III. The game takes place on a floating continent that is seperated from the world below due to a flood that occured a millineum ago. Four young orphans named Luneth, Arc, Refia, & Ingus learn from a magical crystal that laid dormint in a newly opened cave that they are the Warriors of Lights are prophecied in legend. The four orphans are the floating continent and the old world's only hope in restoring balance of peace from the newly ressurected dark forces that threaten to consume the rest of the world and the population with enternal darkness. This was a fun game and offered the same appeal as found in Final Fantasys I & II. This was the first game in the series to have the main protagnogists as kids, as the original game the age for the protagnogists was ambigous while the cast of the second game are young adult. This was the first in the series to offer the ""job"" option where the four orphans can be assigned to a different role like a mage, monk, knight, summoner, etc. Each job gives a character different abilities or different items to use. Longer you fight against monsters with each assigned job, the more experienced the character is with that job title. This task is a nessecity in order to progress in the game. While the leveling system was reverted back to a simple experience point gain system as oppose to the more complex level system in Final Fantasy II, so leveling up your characters is easier this time around. The moogles and fat chobos make their debut in this game, as well as the first time the main characters can summon creatures, deities, and mosnters during the battle sequences. Any one who is a die hard Final Fantasy or RPG fan will enjoy what this game has to offer. It may not be the 1990 Final Fantasy III, but it is a great alternative to play and is currently the oldest numeric Final Fantasy title to play from Steam."
,Recommended,239120,34839535,Posted: 9 September,all,Cage JRPG Fanatic,"*Ignore my hours of playing this game. Since I already finished it on the NES*Okay, is this the worst Final Fantasy? Kinda... For me, the worst was the first Final Fantasy game.But here's what I can say about the game that's good. The job system is fun. They did it better on 5 and X2. But gonna givei it a pass cause it was the first move they did with the job system.The 3D thing is an overkill, and really ugly. Story and characters takes a backseat.Buy the game if its on sale."
76561197980547052,Recommended,239120,19282350,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Leonardo Dicaprio,"Not sure what all the negative posts are on about, it might just be a you got unlocky thing, but during the entirety of my playthrough of this game had I not encountered and game breaking bugs or any other major issues, the only issue I ever had was once during a battle for some reason the frame rate dropped to about 20 after an attack, but after the fight had ended everything went back to normal.Is a great game and would highly recommend to anyone thinking of playing 10/10"
,Recommended,239120,25403386,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TribalSage,"For those not aware this is not the Final Fantasy III that came out for the Super Nintendo, that was actually part VI. This is the real Final Fantasy III that wasn't released in the USA till many years later.This is a great old school turn based Final Fantasy game that continues the epic story about the Warriors of Light. There's a total of 9 playable characters with likeable stories and dialog. This the Final Fantasy that introduces the job system to the series. There's 23 different jobs and any character can use whatever job they like. There's over 200 different enemies/bosses to battle which you will be able to check with the help of the Bestiary, which is a menu that lets you see all the characters you've fought as well as show a record of achievements. There's also a nice variety of armor, items and weapons which include the awesome Legendary items(10 armor and 13 weapons). Like all old school RPGs it's a bit of a grind especially to get the Legendary items but if you played old school RPGs you know this already. Overall it's another great game in the series and I do recommend it.While I do recommend the game because it is a good game it does have some game breaking bugs which can occur. That doesn't mean they will, but if they do happen don't be surprised. I did unfortunately suffer a game breaking bug on my playthrough. After about 60 hours into the game the Crystal Tower reset and I lost my airship. So there was no way to leave the area and I couldn't progress through the tower because I didn't have the items to unlock it anymore. Square Enix needs to address these issues."
,Recommended,239120,10599888,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,sazunaki,"Fun game, brings back childhood memories... but I wish it told you how to save in the beginning.. maybe I missed it, but starting over from the beginning sucks♥♥♥♥♥after you die XD"
,Recommended,239120,10301193,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,hsmoke,"I like Final Fantasy. It's sort of like a virtual chicken nugget (I also like chicken nuggets). But I never really got to experience it's Golden Era as I was just a young little soul at the time (I wasn't actually even born yet). It's remakes like this that allow me to see what the first generation of Final Fantasy games were like. Heck, they were pretty good.I am fully aware that this is a port of the DS version, but it is still great to play some of the older games in this new console generation, as the current generation of FF games have not lived up to their expectations. Except A Realm Reborn. Damn that was good.Final Fantasy III was the only FF game that was not released in NA or Europe until the 2006 DS remake, and like said above this is esentially the same game. It was also the first FF game to introduce the Jobs system, a mechanic which allows you to choose and switch between different classes in-game, a system that has been used in many Final Fantasy games in the following years.Final Fantasy III is pretty much your standard Final Fantasy game. Magic chrystal, mystical bossfights, cliché characters and damn hard boss fights. I can see any fan of the series enjoying this game, but it's not something for new comers. If you want to get yourself into the FF universe, start off with FF VII - which is widely regarded as the best Final Fantasy game (not in my opinion, but hey)All in all, as a fan of the series I can say I have enjoyed the DS version and this PC port. I reccommend it to fans of the francise too."
76561198097287803,Recommended,239120,29177701,Posted: 10 January,all,Snowman,"I honestly love this game as probably the most polished game with the original Final Fantasy job system intact.  I didnt encounter any noticable bugs while I played, and I dont regret my purchase.  I would recommend this game to anyone who has an interest in JRPG's or 2D RPG's, but it definitely is an acquired taste.  I recommend saving religously if you are worried about bugs, though you should be saving regularly anyways."
,Recommended,239120,14404681,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Rumi,"Plays like a NES game. It didn't age too well but that doesn't stop it from being one of my favourite in the series. On NES I like to use savestates but you don't really have that here. There's an exploit that's basically a rewind. If you pause, quit and restart the game mid-fight; you are put back right before the fight. mid-dungeon or anywhere. It doesn't matter where you are, it always works.With this exploit, I think everyone would be able to play it. It's just good ol' mindless fun, explore, fight, look cool and enjoy one of the classic Final Fantasies. (Though I still prefer NES version by far.)"
,Recommended,239120,25992912,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,kage209,"I decided to start buying the Final Fantasy games as i seen they have begun to come up on steam. there are a few titles that i have not yet played, Final Fantasy III being one of them. I was very impressed from the very beginning. It has a feel of being a mix between final fantasy tactics, and final fantasy VII. being able to switch jobs and customize your party has been very fun. That, plus the rich story and ability to roam an overworld like the Final Fantasy's of late have been lacking, makes for an awesome game."
,Recommended,239120,29011774,Posted: 4 January,all,The Number,Love the game. It's one of my favourite ones in the series.
76561198165882853,Recommended,239120,17931336,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,s_borek,"If you are a fan of Final Fantasy like myself, I recommend getting this game.  Sure the graphics are not very impressive compared to today's titles, but if you like the old school rpg style, this is perfect for you.There is a job system in this game, I think it is the first time in any Final Fantasy game this kind of thing appeared where you can switch jobs on the fly, and each one is strengthened the more you play it.Originally this game never saw the light of day here in the USA, it wasn't until recently when Square-Enix decided to remake it and release it for us that many of us could play it.  The storyline is simple to follow, but there are times you may need help figuring out where to go next, especially if you are looking for many of the game's ""hidden"" dungeons (hidden means not part of the main story in this case, if you look around though you can find these dungeons fairly easily)This game won't win any awards, but it is enjoyable to play overall, I recommend it for any fan of JRPG or Final Fantasy in general"
,Recommended,239120,27373086,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phul,One of the best RPG's you could ever ask for. Doesn't get the credit it deserves by many. If you like Final Fantasy lore and RPGs this game is for you!
,Recommended,239120,20103811,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FireEye1798,This got me into FF but it is so difficult but fun best check out great story in each game
,Recommended,239120,30044107,Posted: 19 February,all,wolfcub46,"This game is really amazing and I'm glad that I am able to play it. It really is a bit better and easier to play than the DS version that I had played years ago. If you haven't played this already or you are new, play this one and the first one as they are pretty easy to play for people just wanting to get to know the style and the slight humor in them!"
,Not Recommended,239120,14658071,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,genequagmire,"This version somehow seems worse than the last one that I played.  Just lost literal hours to a shoddy save system and am having a very hard time contemplating redoing it.  Incredibly poorly balanced, featuring incredibly tedious basic enemies that will convince you you're drastically overlevelled and mysteriously godlike bosses who will end your run rather surprisingly.  If you expect me to drastically alter to my party solely to beat your story boss, I'm not playing your ♥♥♥♥ing game.  lrn2balance"
,Recommended,239120,17577287,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,FoolsLynx,"If you are a fan of RPGs or Final Fantasy, then this is one game that you need to try. The job system allows for some diverse play. The story is good and the graphics are alright for a remake / Port from DS. There are a few bugs which are only a problem if you are going for 100%. For example there is a bug where if you return the pendant from one sidequest before checking your post, you cannot get the post in order to get the Oricalcum (or however it is spelt). The downsides of this game is the possiblity of needing to consult a guide if you forgot what you need to do. Also leveling up jobs can be confusing but once you get used to it, it can be fun,"
,Recommended,239120,10506801,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,LordTriton,"FFIII is a great old school game that has had a face lift form its original graphics, it is basically the same as the android and IOS versions if you have ever played them. If you own this on another platform I say don’t pay the $16 for it just to have it on PC but if you don’t have it on another platform I feel you would enjoy the PC version and the $16 even tho is a bit high for this type of game isn’t outregious if you enjoy the FF series."
,Recommended,239120,16460782,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Arsene-Lupin,"The best way to play Final Fantasy III? The Nintendo DS remake.The next-best way to play Final Fantasy III? The PC port of the Android port of the DS remake--in other words: this.There are three facts you need to be aware of:1. Final Fantasy III, like most of the old Square and Enix games pre-dating their unfortunate merger, is an absolute classic.2. This game is a remake of Final Fantasy III. A true remake, not a port/update/remaster/whatever new marketing term people are using to pretend lazy ports are better than they are.3. But it's also a port, ya' know? And not a very good one. I'm not sure, but it may in fact simply be running the Android version remulated. Want the game to display 16:9 at 1080p? Sure, you can select that in the options menu--you can select lots of stuff--but no matter what you select, you get a letterboxed game screen. Want a smooth, 60fps framerate? Haha, no. Willing to settle for simply a smooth framerate? Sorry, but still no. The game is locked at 30fps and will frequently dip below that in combat. We're talking 24-28fps stuttering depending on how fancy the combat animation is.Final Fantasy III is a classic game, and that counts for a hell of a lot. And if you want to play the game on a big (at least relatively speaking) screen, the only ""legitimate"" (read: legal) way to do so is to buy this particular port. Otherwise the best option is the NDS original (the original remake, not the original NES game)."
,Not Recommended,239120,32226510,Posted: 6 June,all,Forquilla,"The game randomly bugs, reseting your story progress and stucking you. I got stuck inside the castle where you get ingus and can't exit. Every time i load the game and repeat the cutscenes, the game bugs again stucking me inside the castle.This happend to me on the begining of the game, but you can see people getting this bug on the end of the game.If you want to play this game remastered, do it on a NDS or PSP."
76561198052771723,Recommended,239120,10270334,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ThatDamnRaccoon,"My top favorite FF entry in the series, mixing the classic combat feeling of the originals with the entertaining and interchangeable job system. Dozens of hours for a basic playthrough and hundreds more for rewarding bonus content, a great beginner Final Fantasy game."
,Recommended,239120,12962231,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Skaidrojumi,"I'm a bit biased since Final Fantasy is my favorite series, but this one is special. It was the first of the series to introduce the jobs attribute, letting you play with different classes throughout the game and planning them to fit your strategy. The story isn't as enthralling as the more popular FF titles but still good.Replay value is fair, I tend to replay every FF title every five years or so, so you can play it again and still love it. However the limited saving in this one tends to cause frustration."
,Recommended,239120,29599044,Posted: 30 January,all,SchicagoS,"Nice much needed remake of Final Fantasy 3.Not my favorite Final Fantasy, of the ones I have beaten(1-10 and 12)...I would say 9, 12, 6, 10, 7, 4, 5, 2, 3, 8, 1 is the order I rank them.It should be noted that the game is a LITTLE buggy, it doesn't remember your preferred rendering settings.  If you unplug your controller in the middle of the game, you have to shut it down and start it back up again or else it can't find it.  The window sizes do not match the render resolutions.  The game would ocasionally go crazy with my controller and scroll like crazy(as if I was holding down the d-pad or analog stick in one direction); I would have to jiggle the analog stick to get it to stop; It is not my controller, it is definitely the game.  Other than that, it plays fine without any real problems.But there is no such thing as a bad Final Fantasy game and even FF1 is a pretty good game.The thing that really strikes me about this one is that there are no ethers.I haven't played played the NES version of this game, so I cannot really give a good comparison, but I would imagine that it is way better than the original.Adding the Onion class was a nice touch, it really made the job system useless though; this is because the onion class can perform all magic except summoning and can equip all weapons and armor(except for that of the level 99 special weapons/armor that are made for specific jobs).  Using the onion class, I was able to beat the game at level 62 in 38 hours(which might not be accurate seeing as some times I paused the game and walked away from it).I really did enjoy it, can't wait to play FF13 and FF15(not a big fan of monthly subscriptions required to play FF11 and FF14, so I will probably skip those)"
76561198023552444,Recommended,239120,27566444,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Britlup,One of the most amazing RPGs! The graphics are very well done for being an older game and it has every great feature that made it one of the best FF games of the franchise
,Not Recommended,239120,24747530,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Chironaila,"The game itself is probably great, but this port is so broken that I can't actually finish it.Can't use key items that I just picked up, so I can't progress the story. Sometimes I had to walk out and back in to an area several times to beable to examine things. Chests started respawning so I could pick up double of some items (Could have even more if I opened the chests again), and I can't change jobs. Would love to finish this game but it's unplayable like this."
,Recommended,239120,17268427,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ath_cat,"I had this game on nintendo DS a long time ago. Bought the game for nostalgia purposes. Any FF fan should pick this one up. Animations are very cute, story line is great. Worth the buy!!!"
,Recommended,239120,17457135,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vanilmwe,"Great game, but don't like to play it on PC platform. I think the PSP or PS platform is much more agreeable to play it on. But I think this is a personal oppinion ofcourse. The graphics aren't what we're used to nowadays, but I'm still in love with the final fantasy series (and yes, also the first ones)."
76561198097982480,Recommended,239120,17154019,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[SGiP] Ång-Hästen,"Great game with beautiful storyline, a true classic!"
76561198131334476,Recommended,239120,17432920,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Vasparian,"This is a great remake with the feel of the original. If you are looking for an easy RPG, this is not the one you want. There are many boss's that require grinding. If you are not into grinding levels, don't play this game. I for one love the new look with the old school feel. The only complaint I have is the lack of any cap in the Job system. In Final Fantasy V you could max out your jobs. In this game, they just keep going and going. It's hard to tell when to stop leveling a certain job."
76561198227524788,Recommended,239120,18440756,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,BumbleBeecone,"I am a huge FF fan I love all the games and this one is no different ! this one has a couple of bosses that seem Op but that seems to be a ff thing , it has nice exploration and a good story line I enjoy it"
76561198015095465,Recommended,239120,18400002,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RayandBebe,"Great remake, I had much fun playing this game and i really recommend it to the people who weren't able to play the old version. Very good job system, beautiful music and nice graphics."
,Recommended,239120,10337258,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,[ Rushock ],"This is a remake from Final Fantasy 3 for the NES, which was one of the older FF games not released in US. Upon seeing this on Steam, it was an instant buy. I had a copy of this on the Nintendo DS when it came out, and have played through the unofficial NES translation. I love this game and its importance in the series. The job system and the customization are why you will continue to play this game many years later, because you can play it differently every time. You probably won't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the story. Good vs bad! Yup, same♥♥♥♥♥♥ different day. You may not even enjoy the art style. I prefer the old NES 8-bit. But, this is still worth the buy."
,Not Recommended,239120,16813373,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Strifariz,"I'm a huge fan of the Final Fantasy franchise, and having played this game on the DS I was really looking forward to some casual fun on my PC.The game has a good combat system, nice music, and the visuals are pretty decent if you walk in with the expectation of first-gen DS hardware rendered ones. It's basically a Final Fantasy game worthy of the name in regards to aestethics.Unfortuantely the game appears to have some major bugs that resets your game progress, locking you to areas or forcing you to retrace steps depending on when the game resets. Bugs which have been around for some time judging by the forums without any resolution.With these bugs in mind, I'm afraid I can't recommend this game to others, anyone unfamiliar with the games might get the wrong impression, and anyone familiar with them will most definitely go on a rage fest over losing their progress over and over."
,Recommended,239120,17609438,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sadboy DONGlord,"Favorite game from my childhood, with improved graphics quality and a nicely sized screen, this game was just as fun this time through. 10/10"
76561198038552111,Recommended,239120,14277149,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Phruler,Perfect game for someone who likes grinding :)
76561198051032319,Recommended,239120,15021105,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mad_Tyrion,"TLDR : Buy this game if you wanna deep dive in an old-school rpg.If you like the old-school turn based combat system you won't be disappointed with this one.The game itself offers a lot of variation in terms of playstyle in combat, as there's over 20 jobs any character can have that are unlocked while you progress throught the game, but as long as you don't swap those around too much you won't need to grind at all to complete the main story. The only thing that requires real grinding is the secret boss, but that's pretty much to be expected. That said i personally found the game quite easy, except for the last dungeon which ends up being quite interesting. Also beware that while it has an awesome soundtrack, there is no real deep story, no voice actors and the graphic is quite old. So in the end i really recommend this if you know what you are buying, as it's one of those games that ain't really for anyone."
,Recommended,239120,14550406,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Freebird,"Turn-based RPG, before the days of the active time battle, there were the originals, this is a remake of Final Fantasy III originally released exclusively in Japan for the ""Family Computer"" ... That's how old the mechanics/storyline are. HOWEVER, there have been quite a few tweaks made to bring it up to date with what you would expect of a good RPG ... In the 90's. As far as storyline goes, it's pretty bland and generic. Collect the crystals, beat the bad guys, save the world. It does have some hidden humorous elements in it, but they're few and far between. This game is badly dated, but it's still a solid essential for a Final Fantasy fan, and it is enjoyable up to about level 40, when the grind from 40-60 begins, it will take you about three hours on a good day, and you pretty much need to be 60 to beat the game. DO NOT go into this game thinking you will 100% every aspect of it, and if you do, for the sake of sanity, make sure you kill every sea creature while you still have your sea boat, or you'll be SOL for getting that beastiary achievement. You will not want to replay this game. Sad but true, it's just not that immersing compared to later Final Fantasy games.There are no voiceovers as seen in FFIV, there are summons, which are cool.TL;DRGrindfest, random-battle hell, old-school level up, good world maps, sometimes even surprising, bosses are not overly frustrating (There is no boss in this game that will one-shot your entire party* like later Final Fantasy games), bland storyline, decent graphics, decent amount of secrets. Overall a B- as far as RPGs are considered. There just isn't much to this game to compare with newer titles.*There is a boss that will one shot your party, but it is meant to happen, there is no way out of it, don't freak when it does happen."
,Recommended,239120,11023869,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"I love classic Final Fantasy games... Square still insists in selling them at full price, and I still repurchase them!This one is one of the easiests, simplests Final Fantasy games to play. It has a very cool job system and doesn't really feels very hard to beat the enemies.Since I've played the NES original, I can say that the visual rework and the story really matches the old one. They really improved the character development of the protagonists though. It was just a bunch of unspecified quadruplet twins in the original, while here they actually created the characters for you to know. All the places and items are in the same place as they were in the original, so you wouldn't feel left behind because of the non-release of the NES version.It's a pretty cool game and may be worth the price."
76561198065906990,Recommended,239120,10565251,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Will,"Square/Matrix did a good job on preserving the rules of the original game, adding visual context with audio improvment. Recommended to all FF fans."
76561198035737178,Recommended,239120,10265938,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ACE'SAREWILD,I definetly recommend this game to my friends because the game play is great and from what i played so far in it id would give it a 9 out of 10 rateing for greatness. So if you are a fan of the Final Fantasy series and played every one of them then this game is for you!!!
76561198071459511,Recommended,239120,10264590,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CrOsS,"So when you purchase something with the name ""Final Fantasy"" no matter the number that follows the name, you get a great soundtrack, an even greater storyline, characters that you will still remember 10 years from now and lots of fun. Blind purchase for any J/RPG fan.As for FF3 in particular, well it has been tested long ago and was proved to be a masterpiece :)Totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,239120,10272496,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nobody,"This is a great game! I believe it's the Android/iOS port of the DS version, but either way, it looks sharp, and runs great. The UI's are very smooth, and it's the same great FF3. Worth the money to me."
76561198023494936,Not Recommended,239120,30255312,Posted: 28 February,all,Cronohawk,I love Final Fantasy games but this port... Glitch heaven. Not just funny glitches though. If you save during a glitch it could make you have to start all over. It happened to me twice. Back to the DS/Vita I go.
76561198195989650,Recommended,239120,17866862,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,natashacavata,"A classic final fantasy. Turn based, cool jobs. Might be a little difficult for newcomers though."
76561197999635868,Recommended,239120,20909875,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JINSTER,Just buy it and play it. No regrets. I don't regret. I became an adventurous orphan boy because of this game.
76561198021757575,Recommended,239120,10953012,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,About Time Steam!!Lets Get Final Fantsy 9 On Hear Now!!
76561198067816549,Not Recommended,239120,32696256,Posted: 23 June,all,Maximum Disrespect,very frustrating to get this far into the game and realize i can't progress because of these bugs. I think the issue is with quicksaving but I can't be 100% sure. Final fantasy games are always great but i can't suggest it on this platform with these issues. I might pick this up for my DS since it is such a good game. It's a shame that it has these issues though.
76561198028033022,Recommended,239120,33187201,Posted: 3 July,all,Aetherling,It's a little bit about crystals and a lot about crashing airships and finding ways of procuring new ones. 10/10 would play Aerial Destruction Derby Raw again.
76561198261528714,Not Recommended,239120,29492609,Posted: 25 January,all,Ðēr Ðø¢tõr,"Love this Game.. but the bugs.... -.-' Played 24 hours+  for nothing, because my Airship is gone after I'm leaving a town and can't change Jobs, because the button is suddenly only grew.Please Steam and SE...Option A: Bringing a bug fixOption B: Don't sell a game with so many bugsI think it's not fair, because we all payed for the Game and it is very sad, when a bug appears and you can't play the game. D':When the Game is without these Bugs it is a wonderfoul game and the Story is very nice. I like it, because I played in the past the DS Version. But I like the graphic on the pc more than the one on DS.So i can't say yes to the Game but no to the Steam Version, when the bugs are not gone... -.-'LG"
,Recommended,239120,12414544,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"If you enjoy Final Fantasy for it's game play and job system then this is the game for you. It's the first of it's kind, Final Fantasy 5 being the ""other one"" and Final Fantasy X-2 being the ""other, other one"" but let's not taint this review with talks of that new age garbage.The game is simple, it's fun, has an in game map so you can't really get lost and was completely dumbed down from it's NES counterpart so just about anyone can finish it... including small rodents.Music is decent... only a couple tracks really stand out, it's not Nobou's best work but it was his early stuff... Final Fantasy IV and VI made up for it...Again, if you hate job systems and grinding, stay away from this game. I prefer Final Fantasy V over this entry because it had a much better plot and the job system had evolved by that point so you could mix job abilities but it's still fun to change your characters appearance and play dress up... keeps it fresh."
,Recommended,239120,31845041,Posted: 19 May,all,RyuuPT,"Solid port of the DS version.  The content that used to require the DS's comms feature was reworked to slowly progress as you play through so you can still experience the whole game.I can't recommend this game enough.  It's a classic, and the quantity of playable jobs will make you wish you had more party members."
76561197964672406,Not Recommended,239120,23678205,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Freeman,"This is my experience of this bugged game:1) Bug at Amur, the Levigrass Shoes does not work to cross the rivers.2) Some events can be played infinitely, like the water crystal causing a full pack of bugs.3) Can't change my jobs anymore because the box is grey and I just can't select it.So, because of all these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I stopped this bad coded game."
76561198030837190,Not Recommended,239120,22804412,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mel GIbson,"some pretty big glitches in the game, including your airship dissapearing, random story resets, heard stories of people getting stuck in the ocean after an air battle which than lead to the ship dissapearing completely, 20 hours in and everytime I finish the horn of earth quest i'm stranded surrounded by mountains with the Invisible(an ariship) dissapearing and the list goes on."
76561198098129405,Recommended,239120,15174564,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pyro,Addictive little game
76561198084039172,Recommended,239120,18737937,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Demonthewolf1,Its FF before they became a joke.Its worth it.Buy it.
,Recommended,239120,10344951,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DCT,"Final Fantasy 3 has joined Final Fantasy 7 and 8 on Steam, now keep in mind this is Final Fantasy 3 and not Final Fantasy 6 which was released in the US as 3(seems some people are still confused about that). This is also a port of the iOS/Android version which in turn was a port of the DS remake which took the orginal Famicom game and gave it a upgrade with a FMV intro, 3d graphics, though ps1/N64 level 3d graphics so expect some low poly models, revamped soundtrack and a reworked storyline which is still very light in narrative and a few other changes such as not starting the game with your full party and not having access to your first set of jobs till after the second dungeon. In the original you get your first set of jobs after beating the first boss in the intro/tutorial dungeon which makes the game a bit more harder when you reach the second dungeon.Now this game is fairly old school so expect to have to do quite a bit of grinding for exp. before tackling the next dungeon or else your going to have a bad time, seriously the next dungeon after the tutorial one is packed with hard hitting undead that will wipe the floor with your party.The game was the first in the series to make use of the ""Job"" system which means you pick what ""job"" each of your four charecters have and can change them for diffrent ones but unlike Final Fantasy 5 you really can't keep the skills learned from each job, so in other words you can have a charecter be a white mage and then become a ninja and still have access to white mage magic but you can move magic between charecters.But despite this, the light narrative, the grinding and the old school ""ask around to get clues on to what you may need to do next"" style of gameplay it's pretty fun if not hard. So if you can look past the low poly models and the old school RPG mechanics this is a worth while game but not for the asking price, maybe 9.99 or so sure but not at 14.99 so you may want to wait to see if it goes on sale and grab it then."
76561198070047753,Recommended,239120,18039988,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,sonic33_90,This is just an all around great old school RPG
,Recommended,239120,10284132,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Eric,This game is so much fun and very challenging! It's worth a buy if you're a fan of JRPG!! ^_^
76561198050021269,Recommended,239120,10293825,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,lunarvida,"It's Final Fantasy, it's a classic, and it's still better than 99% of the RPG's you'll find on PC.You,ll spend over 100 hrs just leveling your jobs"
76561198018757733,Recommended,239120,10726852,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aloha-Snackbar,Fun like early 90s.  Great re-do of an old game.
76561198108662423,Recommended,239120,18513059,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,fromthedepthsbelow,"The Nintendo DS remake made its way to PC. I could say a lot, I won't.Classic.Random Battles.JRPG.Buy it."
,Recommended,239120,13906606,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[ROB] woodoosticka,Classic Final Fantasy gameplay. Enjoyed it!
76561198083363463,Recommended,239120,10284576,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Josh,"Awesome game, anyone who likes rpg's needs this game in their library. Plenty of hours worth of gameplay, it stays true to its original form, music is nice,  story is cute, graphics are pleasant and easy on the eye. Really well done re make.If you are a final fantasy fan boy buy this game at regular price, i believe it is plenty worth it.If however you just like to play RPG's from time to time, add this to your wish list and come back to it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,239120,10722537,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kr0n1cus,"This is one of all FF that i had to play and now on steam and this good remake from DS. Awesome, i hope SE keep making remakes from olds FF"
76561198035735378,Not Recommended,239120,24007920,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Esseldi,"Was hoping to play some old school FF, but there are game breaking bugs or other issues to consider wasting more time on this game. The first is the fact that in order to play I have to change my DPI settings every time I enter or leave the game because of my 4k screen. The 2 major bugs I've come across is losing my story progress so that I have to restart it and the other is losing the ability to change jobs after going mini. In which to get back have to restart the game or have an earlyer save that hopefuly doesn't get bugged also. I see no point in trying to work around these issues to play a game."
,Recommended,239120,31775749,Posted: 15 May,all,weeb matthew,"by all means it's not the best final fantasy, but it's still a pretty good game, it's 100% worth the asking price."
,Recommended,239120,18285763,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,YoYoStevo,"A bit short, but a fun and difficult RPG."
,Recommended,239120,22749186,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[Just]Loki,"Cute little final fantasy. Story is ok, I kinda quit after it became apparent I would need to grind levels\gear to progress, can't be arsed to do that :)"
,Recommended,239120,15649427,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nitrym,This game is just awesome. Played the orginal one and it feels nostalgic to play it again.
76561198038535992,Recommended,239120,10643789,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Monkii,SO much fun and so much nostalgia
76561198060756215,Recommended,239120,19338787,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kidicarus,Since im a bit older im into retro rpg's. I grew up on the Final Fantasy franchise. I have a couple of hours into this game because i haven't seen the full story for this game yet.
,Recommended,239120,10321676,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Light Saviour,One of my favorite Final Fantasy ported on pc so far !Love the job system !Graphic are good !Best turn based RPG !
,Recommended,239120,10938851,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,C A L Z O N E,"Great game, but not worth sixteen bucks. It's exactly the same as the android port, and adds nothing new to the table. If you see it for five bucks, go for it."
,Not Recommended,239120,20184895,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZiChann,"Note: This is just a problem with the Steam port of this game.Although the experience is almost identical to the experience that you would receive playing this on iOS, there's a major problem with this port that iOS doesn't have. No matter where you are in the game, your story progress can be ultimatelyresetback to the starting town, Ur. You'll have to go through the whole story once again with three of the four characters going back to level 3/4. (Un)Fortunately, Luneth keeps his level, you keep all your items/spells, and all characters keep their job levels and current jobs.If you still wish to buy this game, or have already bought it and are reading reviews after buying a game, just be sure to save frequently, but save carefully. If at any time you notice that your job icon isunavailable, fall back to your last save. If the job icon can't be chosen, it means that your game has been set back to the beginning of the storyline.If you have a Nintendo DS or iOS device, or even a NES, I'd just recommend you buy it for that hardware to avoid this flaw."
76561198092416832,Recommended,239120,10436617,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Shay,"One of my most favorate rpg type games, it has many awesome classes !"
76561198015237777,Recommended,239120,11633275,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Otacon,"It's a great game with alot of different jobs to play with. You can switch it up alot and enjoy the variety of comps the game offers or stick with a more traditonal group, either way is pretty fun. Monk is pretty OP till you get to the Ancients Maze. All in all it's a simple, yet long, and entertaining turn based RPG. Also you get some pretty cool transportation options during the game, Enjoy!"
,Recommended,239120,10410278,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Orli,It is so refreshing! Take it from an ice age lady
,Recommended,239120,10386667,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Glaice,"Definitely something for fans of FF to pick up since other than being on the DS, this version surely will grab you in if you like stories. Also, this game has the original ""Garment Grid"" (AKA job system) or something like it."
,Recommended,239120,10488859,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Kiyoko,"A really enjoyable game, I was skeptical to buy a pc port of this game but it is well worth the money!!! I did a let's play on it and I am loving this game! Definetiley worth a buy!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAW-r70azdg"
76561198024439208,Recommended,239120,10435120,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Revelion,I loved it on my DS and Love it now definately a good buy!
76561198257205264,Recommended,239120,19227622,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,GilgameshofUruk420,"Very good remake, kept some of the best parts..names could of been better lol. Will be enjoyable to play all the way thru."
76561198117225890,Not Recommended,239120,20408747,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,UndampedAura76,"Great game, really enjoyed it...until I hit a bug where I had to redo several missions, and lost access to my ship, meaning I can no longer progress in the game.Edit: Kept trying, too many bugs blocking progress kept appearing. I can't recommend the game in its current state. All my hours logged are from trying to restart the game 3 times."
76561197966722008,Not Recommended,239120,20417651,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ghald,"WARNING: There is bugs in this game port that make the story restart anywhere in the game atm, and there seems to be no fix/patches to sort the trouble out. Wish I had read the forums a bit more, but hey a love of a game is a love right :D?Simply speaking no matter where you might lose progress and have to ""retrack"" from old save meaning if you are going to play keep multiple save of same game and make sure to rotate them and keep then far apart in the story. Else you might end up stuck with nowhere to go.They might fix it or not, but dont bother till you read that it have been fixed."
,Recommended,239120,29954553,Posted: 15 February,all,honka,"this game honestly has a place in my heart. i love the ff series, and this is a very classic, simplistic piece of ff."
76561198060467573,Recommended,239120,28461123,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,A.Mazing,"I'm a Final Fantasy fan for sure.I never played FF-lll before thou, so i bought it. The idea behind job skills are really cool but difficult to figure out what jobs you want. Although, I beat the game I felt I could have had a stronger party. There is A LOT of areas in this game but they are poorly labelled, so dont forget where you have been. The steem achievements are nice to work towards and there are also those end game grinding ones which is nice touch. I did get lost at times and kinda cheated to figure out where to go to next. I bet the game no problem after grinding for a few hours.I peronall didnt enjoy this game but I could see the appeal of it."
76561198141370774,Not Recommended,239120,20744691,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,thomasfurlano,Im sorry i wasnt aware that a 5 year old ran square enix cause this is utturly terririble every time you turn around bug guess what turn again suddenly your boat is gone i think ill go to town story ends amazing square enix you dissipoint
,Recommended,239120,24372864,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,War Boy,It's okay
,Recommended,239120,15574161,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Impossible Jackal,Great port from the DS. Still has the same magic as it did when it first released. 9/10.
76561198275685282,Recommended,239120,26213172,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,theblindsummit,It is good
,Recommended,239120,25945987,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MAMEKKA,full of pure hunnys
76561198021669790,Not Recommended,239120,21855515,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Pendrokar,"Short review. As a PC gamer I had never played FF games below 7 and never planned to. But this port changed my mind, but only for a few hours. While the battles do play out noticebly different from FF 7 to 9, the story leaves much to hope for. It all feels way too linear and predictable, perhaps due to low available memory on original platforms.Other than fulfilling achievements there is not much to strive a reward for. In the older games seeing the cinematics was one of those rewards. In this case, while the port gives extra cinematics, there is only the opening cinematic, which doesn't tell new players anything. It is as if Square Enix published this to the players of the original directly. That mistake makes me not recommend this game and question the ports of FF 5 and 6."
,Recommended,239120,21680751,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,{ANS}Wolf1994,A really good game. I've learned that you can only save when you're in the world map. :)
76561198076236598,Recommended,239120,21843042,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Elninjasupra,great game. reminds me of back when games were about gameplay and not graphics
,Recommended,239120,21353878,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bruno,"This game is old-school to the point of being obtuse and even annoying, but still enjoyable somehow."
,Recommended,239120,21576617,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,doug,"It's Final Fantasy, and you should know the series if you ever played real video-games in your life. Anyway, this one isn't my favourite in the series but still a very solid game.You can go ahead and buy it if you like oldschool JRPG's"
76561198283066799,Recommended,239120,21675114,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,mitchgesler,Super sad. Game will not start up. I looked for a solution all day and cant find a thing. Waste of money. Im sure this will go unnoticed.
76561198039501375,Recommended,239120,21930913,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,curse seeker,one of my fav final fantasy gamesi would reccommend it it you enjoyed the DS version you will enjoy this the job system is awesome as well
,Recommended,239120,21968536,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xanth752,Not bad for a two-dozen-year-old game
,Recommended,239120,10940396,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sbloom85,"This is a great remake of the NES Final Fantasy games that only made it outside of Japan in the last decade and uses its Nintendo DS port's graphics.It's not just the graphics that received an overhaul. The music and sound effects also came out nicely. If you're interested in checking out a classic Final Fantasy, then this one is for you."
,Recommended,239120,15913382,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Damien Ramirez,Final Fantasy at its best
76561197964451103,Recommended,239120,20047430,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,게오르크,"Its Final Fantasy, undeniable. It has recognizable Characters (Even though they change in every part, some things are static), Monsters and is a well made playable jrpg with barely any bugs.Before you buy any of those crappy RPG Maker Games flooding the market , get your hands on this. The 68/100 Metacritic Score is a joke and is telling NOTHING about the game quality."
,Recommended,239120,10257537,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,PhalThrax,"Final Fantasy III was initially a mystery to gamers outside of Japan, having only been released on the Famicom in 1990. Since then, Final Fantasy III has been re-released several times; Nintendo DS, Playstation Portable, Wii’s Virtual Console, iOS, Android, and most recently making its way here to Steam. The game’s format and mechanics may feel a bit dated/unusual to those familiar with newer Final Fantasy titles, but I believe that the game still provides a worthwhile playing experience.My first exposure to this game was the Nintendo DS version, which I picked up used for quite a bargain. That version is a 3D remake of the original Famicom game, and it appears that this PC version stayed loyal to that style. Due to the limited specifications on the Nintendo DS, I always felt that the game was a bit held back in the graphics and sound department. This PC version seems to have given the artwork better treatment, and appears to resemble the PSP version of the game more closely. I was concerned that the graphics would be overly pixelated due to the small resolution on handhelds, but was pleasantly surprised to see that the graphics felt right for PC.The music, as usual in Final Fantasy titles, is superb. As a remake, they stayed very true to the themes present on the Famicom release. Many of the musical themes fit the mood of the game quite well, allowing the player to enjoy a calm stroll through a town or a hectic boss battle at the end of a dungeon. The sound quality is superb, as well, and doesn’t have the muffled sounds that the DS version provided.Final Fantasy III’s combat system strays far from the system of its predecessor, and attempts to advance the system that was originally present in the original Final Fantasy. The player has the option to choose from a variety of jobs. As the player advances through the game and completes various quest “checkpoints” (for lack of a better word), additional jobs open up. Some of these jobs which offer a brand new range of healing, magic and utility, while some are simply upgrades to existing jobs. There are over two dozen jobs in total, giving players many chances to experiment. Along with jobs, this is the first Final Fantasy game to introduce summons. So if you’re familiar with summons in later titles such as Shiva and Bahamut, you’ll be right at home.An immersing story has been an important part of the Final Fantasy franchise in recent years. Going back in time, however, it wasn’t always this way. In Final Fantasy III, the story is notably flat compared to the extended stories present in modern RPG titles. It’s easy to understand, rarely sees plot twists, and has a relatively small cast of characters. It’s nothing spectacular, but it was a step ahead from the two previous entries in the series. Unlike the Famicom Final Fantasy III, however, the characters in this version are given formal names. Despite the limited storytelling, I still feel it’s pleasant; just don't go in expecting a 50 hour long legendary tale.The difficulty of this game is a bit jarring. The early game starts off quite bearable, giving players the ability to simply auto attack their way through many of the fiends. As the game progresses, the difficulty spikes up considerably. The final dungeons are notoriously difficult due to lack of save points and insufficient materials provided throughout the game. Compared to the difficulty of some modern Final Fantasy titles, the harsh difficulty in this game might turn some people away. But if you can fight through the barrage of random encounters and somehow make it through the dungeon, you’ll be rewarded with quite a sense of accomplishment.In conclusion, I feel that Final Fantasy III is a worthy purchase for those who wish to revisit the roots of the Final Fantasy franchise, and JRPGs in general. It’s difficult, but rewarding. A worthy game for the name “Final Fantasy.”"
,Not Recommended,239120,23769279,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[2spooky] JetpackZoom,"Super broken game, with zero patches to fix anything that is broken.Triggers don't work if you do anything out of order, including the first castle. talked to fourth party member, talked to king, went into tower inside of town to get ""undead killer"" sword - game bugs out and my fourth party member is sitting outside of the gate - like I never triggered the event and not allowing me to leave the castle. Tried reloading, tried talking to the king again (Just reset all of my parties gear and levels to 3/3/4/4) nothing worked. Maybe other reviews talk about the problems, and they're all just as valid and common as they seem."
76561198081940035,Recommended,239120,12960004,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Night Cloud,Brings back my childhood
76561198087100438,Recommended,239120,10268747,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,-VahhnGuard-,"having so much fun with this game really like that i only have to worry about 4 party members and the job system is creative and very fun you will find yourself changing  jobs alot so try not to sell your equipment, really enjoying the game though cant stop playing it lol"
,Recommended,239120,10271545,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Neptunia,Final Fanatasy III port. Personally I love it on the PC and One of my top for fun play and difficulty!
,Not Recommended,239120,14603864,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,🐎 Ajazjakija 🐎,"This game is bugged as♥♥♥♥♥♥ either don't play it, or be sure to read up on it's problems first so you can avoid them."
76561198031082350,Recommended,239120,12783011,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Water Splash,I remember the times i played this on the ds when i was much younger it was a fantastic remake of the orginal final fantasy 3 that never really made it outside japan back in the old days this port feels just like the ds version in so many ways but still its a good game to buy if you dont allready own it on other platforms the adventure itself was short but great the grapics looked cartoonish but fit the theme nicely if your a fan of final fantasy games this is a good port 7/10
76561198010245114,Not Recommended,239120,19984906,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,orts,"Visuals - 3/10. The game is in 30 fps. Yes, this doesn't matter much for RPG's but it's really annoying to see the jerky battle animations at 30 fps.Sound/Music - 7/10. Average sound/music for a Final Fantasy game.Gameplay - 3/10. While the job system is nice (when it doesn't break, see below) it's beyond boring. Traveling around the world is a pain, and the world itself is pretty small. The dungeons were very unexciting and so were the boss fights.Story - 1/10. The story is extremely straightforward with little depth. To avoid spoilers I won't reveal anything, but I was extremely disappointed with this game's storyline. There is little to no character development.Overall: 3/10. Don't bother playing this one unless one of the following applies to you:1. You're a diehard Final Fantasy fan and don't have access to the DS or Famicon version2. You don't mind running into a game breaking bug that will make you pull your hair outThe story reset bug in this port is game breaking.Example of the bug here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rahdgTTSob4The bug set me back 30+ hours. All I wanted to do was finish the game so I never have to play it again. If you do have your heart set on playing the Steam vesion, try to get it on sale because it is definitely not worth $15.99."
,Not Recommended,239120,22260975,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Enfyve,"Unplayable. I'll get into a battle while on the ship and when the battle ends the ship will be missing. Game data reverts randomly after the game auto quicksaves.I've own this on the Nintendo DS, but I would not recommend this port. It's broken."
,Recommended,239120,10911194,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gaius,Like Final Fantasy V except only kinda
,Recommended,239120,10264412,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Flashback007,"This game is a classic. And anyone who ever played a Final Fantasy-game should probably get it. It really is a great remake of classic that took a very long time to come the rest of the world besides Japan.Pro's:+ They kept the charm of the orginal game (when making this they really kept an eye out to how the original game was made. And especially with the game mechanics, like the job-system and battle-system they kept very close to  the orignal)+ Job System (The job system is a definent pro of this game, you can take on any job any time you want, as long as you have access to it. However you do need to make tactical choices for which character, you gonna lean more on magic, cause when switched you have to begin again)+ Music (The music is one of the plusses of the game, great masterpieces that remind you that you are really playing a JRPG)+ Hope for more to come (Though this might not be linked to the game, it is a pro. Seeing that they did port this game to the PC, who knows what is more to come. The library is still extensive)Maybe's:* Graphics (I personally am very charmed by the graphics. I like this kind of art-style. It's also why I liked a lot of the RPG's on the DS. Plus the fact that they are indeed more detailed then on the DS. But however I can understand that some people are turned of by it. Take a cllose look to the screenshots, cause this is what you gonna get)* Story (The story is a standard RPG-one. World is in peril and you have to save it. It doesn't have any super crazy plot twists or points, but it's more fleshed out then the orginal NES-story.)* Difficulty (The game has a definent steep difficulty curve at some points in the game. Sometimes you can cruise right through a dungeon, only to find out in the next one you are major underleveled. This however is easier then the orginal game. They had also a bit more severe penalties on job-switching. It is a challenge. But if you are up for it. You gonna enjoy this)Con's- None (Personally I don't think this game has any con's really. A few maybe's yes. But it doesn't need you to sign in to Square-Enix as Final Fantasy VII and Final Fantasy VIII did. It's a real loveletter to the old classic Final Fantasy's. So yeah, it's a good game)"
,Recommended,239120,11026957,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jubilare,Classic!
,Recommended,239120,11218743,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Shonic,"""It's like skyrim but good"""
,Recommended,239120,11487947,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ちはやふる✦ ✧,Classic game.
76561198010800766,Recommended,239120,17759911,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,70%
76561198058946354,Recommended,239120,17185053,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,i like final fantasy,I like it.
,Recommended,239120,10311863,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ö,3>4>9>8>rest>(12 =♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239120,10391761,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,My name is Joonas,"This game very good, me likey."
76561198048951970,Recommended,239120,10864083,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SammyTPD,Very good game woth the money
76561198100117786,Recommended,239120,11899698,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,TheDev,"A flashy remake of the classic 1990 original, Final Fantasy III retains everything that made the original so enjoyable (Numerous varied Job classes, excellent soundtrack, classic FF gameplay) while adding a few more modern elements (Defined main characters, attractive 3D character models and environments and a re-recorded soundtrack) and even including some new challenges for players to face. While FFIII honestly pales in comparison to the highs of the Final Fantasy series (VI, VII, IX) it is still a classic RPG sporting an excellent facelift. A must play for fans of the series or RPG's in general.Visuals - 8  Sounds - 8  Gameplay - 9  Story - 8"
76561198042569780,Recommended,239120,12747169,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,gilbertgonz89706,"What A Great Game!It is just like Final Fantasy II with the same and better sounds and enhanced rich graphics.I am so glad this site is bringing back those great favorite games to the PC world.Now, I will have to purchase ""All"" these Final Fantasy games from here.I love it!Keep up the great work!"
76561198028182819,Recommended,239120,16897571,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,shnowitzer,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I SAVE?!
76561198079816016,Recommended,239120,12112365,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Straight Shota K1NG,If you don't think this game is the hypest♥♥♥♥♥♥then get the ♥♥♥♥ outta my face.
76561198131904111,Recommended,239120,12600952,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,kamikaze9699,"The Job system is always fun to toy with for new strategies, and can help in making the same boss fight play out vastly different. Although a bit on the one-dimensional side, giving the Four Light Warriors an ounce of backstory and personality was a nice touch, and doesn't diminish the minimalist charm for the tale. A couple achievements really aren't worth it, and half are just natural if you intend to complete the game. If you've beaten the DS port, the only real thing this has up on it is you don't need to use Mognet to send letters to friends to unlock equipment and bonus quests (the Mognet messages you need are cued to in-game criteria, thus not as gimmicky). It also took some manual editing of the config file to get my controller to work the way I wanted, since it currently doesn't auto-map buttons. Still, it's a solid port, and one I enjoyed."
76561198091003687,Recommended,239120,32666785,Posted: 22 June,all,AsarlaíMoon,I am in love with this game!!!
,Recommended,239120,29344466,Posted: 18 January,all,RUSS,"cant change jobs! so annoying, fix this!"
76561198117798838,Not Recommended,239120,21680230,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,zell1000,Just bought FF3 through 8 today. And this is the first i have played and the results dont look good. The game is locked at a resolution so i can only see the top left of the game. I even went into the launcher and messed with the res but nothing worked.
76561198063230048,Recommended,239120,20000539,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,falke84,"Final Fantasy III what else to say???BUY IT!!!! I would like to buy here FF I - II - IX - X , I really hope that will be some remake for pc ^_^"
76561198151865756,Recommended,239120,20055307,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,stardustmoon626,i lovve it and im super happy its on steam
76561198030494604,Not Recommended,239120,20053052,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,momokaachan,Could not get past the launch pad. Very disappointing.
76561198085624552,Recommended,239120,10477146,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ghopper bones,awesome game from the past
76561198000718891,Not Recommended,239120,15994492,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Draconis,I can't recommend a game that 9/10 you get a bug where you can't change your jobs after a certain point early in the game.  This bug has been known on steam for over a year and hasn't been fixed so no I wouldn't suggest anyone buy this game until the issue is resolved.
76561198096569426,Not Recommended,239120,17226165,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,daniel.anderson1358,"I just can't bring myself to finish this game. I'm a fan of JRPGs in general, but I've always had a hard time enjoying the earlier entries in the Final Fantasy series because they just seem to drag on forever. This one is no different. 1.5/5"
,Recommended,239120,10293465,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ze Master Killer,"Played th game last night for a few hours and enjoyed it, now the goddamn thing wont even launch, reminds me of Strider, bought it and to this day it doesnt work either, ♥♥♥♥."
76561198065459009,Recommended,239120,10820145,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kakarot,Super cool version of a great retro final fantasy.  Great way to relive a childhood game.
,Recommended,239120,10276518,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[VP] Yendap,Pretty good for pc
76561198053839059,Recommended,239120,10313442,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Gazza,"Big final fantasy games fan.Is it worth it, in a nut shell no. no updated graphics at all is just the ds version on a larger screen some ok you can select a screen resolution of your choice, sounds are scratchy.joystick problems will work fine then just seems to not wont to and will go in the downwards direction on its own accsessing the menu is just same. so save as much as possible.£5.99 would have been a much better price.for essentially not much really.dont get me wrong im playing away, cause i carnt do with the ds at all  buttons are too small. and a large screen is better than 2.gets a 6/10 for me cause of the pricing.£5.99 would have been 9/10."
,Recommended,239120,10361313,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cobalt Oxalate,"Final Fantasy III is probably my favorite FF game. The job system feels really good, and the designs are pretty cool. You haven't played a real Final Fantasy without playing this one"
76561198037083710,Recommended,239120,11542837,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hahpwn3d,"hmmm sooo i was enjoying the game until i parked my boat by tokkul(sp?) did the event where hein kidnaps the group and takes them to the floating castle, killed hein and get back to the world map after the tree was restored only to find that my boat is gone and i cannot progress to castle argus. ran around on a chocobo for 2 hours looking and spent an hour reading guides. really turned off i wasted all that time only to have my save bricked by a boat glitch."
76561197996747781,Recommended,239120,12414606,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Douglas,"Big game, really great. Just some achievements are soooo heavy. But the gameplay are pure strategy."
76561198027470082,Recommended,239120,14712438,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Young Black Brotha,the rebirth is real
,Recommended,239120,22352686,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,subscribe to sailorinkINvader,theres alot of hentai of refia 10/10
,Recommended,239120,22257419,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Janeiro87,INCREDIBLE!
,Recommended,239120,10359249,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Lvl1EmoKnight,"Love this game, I own every version of it from Famicom to iOS and finally now PC!Would highly reccomend for any fan of RPGs.Personally my favourite Final Fantasy."
76561198060806210,Recommended,239120,10328525,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ryan,"Awesome my favorite rpg from ds/psp in 1080p no bugs (configurable controller actually its rare now?).Next would be Final Fantasy IV ds, Final Fantasy IX/V/VI, the recent ios final fantasy and bravely default on pc but I can still dreamThe only issue is the framerate is capped to 30fps(seems like all japanese ports do 30hz),aliasing and jaggy 2d spritesbut at least japanese game devs actually are giving pc ports a try hopefully it gets bigger, cause jrpgs or scrollers +pc=awesome specially handheld games I barely use my 3ds. I guess it isnt a total bust since it was from handheld consoles.Just it would look awesome if it had xbr shaders on the 2d and msaa on polygons, maybe full 60fps or uncapped framerate.unless you can inject xbr shaders into d3d or opengl would be cool, could solve the jaggy 2d sprites.Like if it had aa options and 2d scaling like in the  epsxe opengl plugin.just a question if its made high res for pc how come some 2d sprites look the same as on a psp emulator?"
,Recommended,239120,10317357,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Warp,"Final Fantasy III (the original Japanese one, not FF6 which was unfortunately named ""FF3"" in its original western release)... There isn't much to say about the game itself that hasn't been said a million times during the decades. Solid early Square JRPG, originally for the NES. If you liked FF1 and 2, this is pretty much a sure bet. (This revamp of the game is also nice because the original FF3 was never exported back in the day, so not many people got to play it.)The graphical upgrade is interesting. They could have gone the same route as with what they did with FF1 and FF2 when they remade them for the PSP and DS, iow. keep it 2D, just with modern graphics. Instead of that, they chose simplistic PlayStation1-style ""retro-3D"" graphics. This was an interesting choice, and it works. It brings the extra depth that 3D provides (in more senses than just the added third dimension), but still manages to keep a nostalgic ""retro"" feeling to it. They could have botched it up, but it works fine.For someone who has never played JRPGs, and especially someone who has only played modern games, the visuals and gameplay may feel appalling at first. The game may feel extremely simplistic, even boring, both from a visual and a gameplay perspective. However, if you give it a chance, I'm sure that you'll end up loving it. (And of course if you are a long-time old gamer like me, you'll probably love it right away.)Works very well with an Xbox360 controller out-of-the-box (although the in-game hints always refer to the keyboard keys, so you have to sometimes find the buttons by trial-and-error.)"
76561198087426171,Recommended,239120,10375288,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nineteen_Eleven,"Awesome!!  Graphics look amazing and fun to play, especially if you are a FF fan."
76561198044011013,Recommended,239120,10318205,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Stein,yes
76561198135381469,Recommended,239120,10405348,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[EBLG] Billiam94,"A classic game that I never had a chance to see through until the end. This was the first FF game to feature the Job System, as well as the first to feature summons. This game is, howewever, ridiculously unbalanced and requires a rather large amount of power-leveling... But by no means does that make it even slightly unplayable. Long live Final Fantasy."
76561198065132590,Recommended,239120,15384268,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,The Face of eSports,If nothing else this is the hardest final fantasy I've played
,Not Recommended,239120,10255360,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ozulus,"""Optimized for PCs""No support of high DPI, you can only see 1/4 of the screen or manually change the compatibility settings under windows itself to avoid issues (not everyone will even think of that), lost touch control from Android version and even DS (why so big buttons when no touch control, might as well put a decent PC like interface where a mouse can be used for instance).I can't recommend this one... trully disappointing and a waste of money for now SE! I'd expect more from you.Just recompiling to port something is not enough in my opinion."
76561197988509067,Recommended,239120,19789939,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Gravesmeister,Great game. Confusing in spots.
,Not Recommended,239120,16195473,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Omegatomhanks2,"This game is deffective, i paid money for this and when i reached the part where the horn of ice has been stolen, my ship glitches and it is no where in the map making it impossible to continue the game... Please fix this because i can not get my money back... this is a glitch and now i am not able to enjoy thr game any further."
76561198045965193,Not Recommended,239120,10270201,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Skim,"As someone who has played nearly every Final Fantasy game, I can say clearly in my opinion this IOS port of FF3 is not worth the full price tag, and if you did decide to pick it up i would suggest waiting till it becomes on sale. My main reason for saying that is because of what i said in the first line, it is nearly an exact IOS port, and in my opinion is not worth the 16ish dollars they are charging for the game. Another huge issue i have with the game that i find very frustrating is the combat. This game uses the job system, and the set up for the job system is what makes it a deal breaker for me. For you're character to get points to level up their job, they have to take action in battle. If two of you're characters kill all the foes before you're other two members get a chance to attack, then only the two who fought get the job points for that battle. So if you happen to be using the mage classes, it will be very difficult to keep them up to pace with the other jobs because they will hardly ever get points. If you are loyal FF fan and you can get past the issues, then this game might we worth picking up if it was on sale. But i paid full price for the game, and can already tell that i 100% regret it."
76561198027572828,Not Recommended,239120,10869900,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GOKUPP[Event Host],"LAZY LAZY LAZY PORT!!!  I would only bother with this one if you have not played it on the DS or an Android/IOS versions.  The graphics are NOT updated for pc! Other than having support for higher resolutions. Wich is pointless because they kept the same low res textures. No anti alaising /No shadows or anything new in effects. The lack of these tweeks really hurt the potential of the games visuals. the game looks decent and is very playable. It just could have and SHOULD HAVE been a lot better if they had tried. It's not asking to much to put in features that have been standard for the last decade! Square lies AGAIN !   My thumbs down is more the fact that Square slapped this together and resold it as Enhanced when they really did virtualy nothing new in the game. I would be be fine with it as is if not for the claims of upgrading it for the PC. The adjustments are very minor and odds are an emulated version of the DS game would look as good if not better.  In sumation looks okish, plays good,. does NOT however meet the claims made not even close. You Dont upconvert a VHS and call it an all new HD experience on blu ray  thats just insulting. Also essentialy what they did. add some bells and whistles maybe some higher RES textures then call it PC enhanced. Enjoy it if you like just don't expect it to live up to its descriptor and you shouldn't be disapointed."
76561198061148211,Not Recommended,239120,23549057,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,SepharoLost,"Dont waste your money! although this isnt as bad as the other terrible steam Final Fantasy ports, all my FF games have completly stopped working!! Cant play them at all, checking forums but nothing has worked. Tried contacting steam, but their about as much use as a chocolate tea cup, they aint interested once they have your money. These shoddy ports complety reflect that too, play it on your mobile or on a console, but dont bother trying it on steam."
76561198004006208,Not Recommended,239120,13896079,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,GaiaHero,"As lovely as this remake is I strongly recommend you skip this title and even if your a video game historian. Not to say there isn't a lot to love about this title but you will pay for it with an insane amount of grinding not to mention mandatory guide usage. Most of the enjoyment comes from framing your play through via the context of wow look how much things changed from FF 1+2, look how ambitious they were etc. But ultimately you will create a far more enjoyable memory of this title if you just watch the walkthroughs of this game, there is very little characterization and any enjoyment of the jobs systems depth will be destroyed by the monotony of the grind. There are far better FF titles worthy of your time as this title hasn't aged well at all I'm afraid."
76561198129528213,Recommended,239120,23015421,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Walt,i enjoyed this game 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,239120,13243683,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Konakona,"I can use a giant chicken as storage.10/10, would chicken again"
76561197972318971,Not Recommended,239120,11414262,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Steaksauce,"This is a beautiful looking, mechanically incompetent, slow, tedious, and badly designed game. This classic has aged very poorly, and only a scant few modernizations have been made (instead of the dozens that should have been). Skip, skip, skip."
,Not Recommended,239120,15039533,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Romok,Still cant open it...
,Recommended,239120,11377784,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,LUGES.Sonozaki-san,Best of the original NES trilogy
,Recommended,239120,10285284,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Drift King [8S-13],"First. I haven't played much of this yet, and this is my first final fantasy game. I love it. I have only played about 20 minutes of it (at the time of this review) and it is exciting from the first moment. Great game and arcade feel. I read the other reviews and people are saying it is the best one, so I decided to buy and love it. It is like a mix of Fire Emblem and Earthbound. Which is PERFECT!! Buy it now!"
,Recommended,239120,10710495,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Loki,...
,Not Recommended,239120,20010367,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pip,"Everything is way too slow paced and  just takes ages, from entering to exiting places, opening menu and equipping characters, battles starting and ending, bah!"
,Not Recommended,239120,14426849,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BlakBackJK,"I tried to like this game, I really did. But with the way it was designed, the confusing as all hell default controls and bad graphics for a PC game, I'm disappointed. I know it's uncommon for JRPGs to be ported to the PC, but that's no excuse for making an ugly direct port of the DS. I know this game originally came out something like 20 years ago, but that's no excuse not to improve it. Square Enix makes great games, but this one simply doesn't belong on Steam. It's an ugly, confusing mess and it pains me to criticize it the way I do."
,Recommended,239120,11549899,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Face Hugger,"One of the games in the series that wasn't originally published in the US. FF III Introduces the job system - a staple in later games in the series. A fair remake of an 8-bit game, with updated polygonal graphics (a port of the Nintendo DS version), modern audio, animated cut scenes, and illustrated character profiles. There are some heldover design relics though - such as a clunky interface and useless quick save system (quick saves are not persistent).As brutal as any early Final Fantasy game if one does not know where to go for leveling. The challenge makes for rewarding advancement. Exploration is encouraged, even backtracking over previously cleared areas can reveal new items. Classic Final Fantasy turn-based combat, and the kind of whimsical story telling you're probably expecting."
,Not Recommended,239120,23826618,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Alucard,"Ah, FFIII. Originally released on the Famicom only in Japan, which caused quite a lot of confusion with the numbering, this is the last Final Fantasy (or at least the last numbered one) made for the third generation of gaming (NES/Sega Master System). After a 3D remake on the DS and a few ports later, it's finally on Steam.Unfortunately, this remake is *too* faithful, and it doesn't quite hold up. There's no real sense of direction after the first dungeon, which you are dropped in straight away (literally). *SPOILERS* After you deal with a few random encounters and beat the boss, a crystal talks to you, and you appear on the overworld. You go to your town, watch a friend get bullied and then run off, talk to the village elders who basically say, ""You have been chosen since birth by the crystals! It was no coincidence that it spoke to you now! Oh, and by the way, you're adopted!"" (I kid you not, they flat out tell your character that he's adopted, and he has no reaction to that. It's not even because he's a silent protag, he just doesn't say anything back)*SPOILERS END*Unlike the FFIV DS remake, there are no thought bubbles that appear when you use your menu on the world map, which would add some character to the otherwise stereotypical characters. You have your flat, adventurous main character, his best friend, a random girl you meet on an airship, and a castle guard. By the way, they're all 14 for whatever reason, even the castle guard, and they all look like they could be older. Don't expect the rest of the game to be any less cliche.The OST is nice, I suppose. The standard town and battle music is good, but not great. The music for the Sealed Cave, the first dungeon, is...interesting. It's good, but it's not really what I would've expected for the first non-tutorial dungeon. I especially like ""Into the Crystal Cave"", as well as ""Eternal Wind"", and ""Jinn's Curse"", and that's all that I've liked from what I've heard so far.The plot is slightly more complex than Final Fantasy I in that your characters actually speak and have...well...character! The plot is still plastic, and you still have to go on a cliche fetch quest for crystals after being declared the chosen ones, though. Also, *MINOR SPOILERS* you get an airship not even an hour into the game, which seems odd to me. I thought airships were things you got in the middle of the game, not right at the beginning with no effort. I'm not sure if I'm upset about it, because on one hand you get to experience the freedom of flight earlier, and on the other hand it cheapens the concept of getting an airship.*MINOR SPOILERS OVER*The visuals are probably the best part about this game. The chibi style and colorful palette makes the world seem inviting and playful, which is probably the only reason I even played more after I got out of the tutorial dungeon. In this case, the graphics did make the game for me.The gameplay, like the plot, is only slightly more complex than Final Fantasy I's. If you've played FFI, you know that if you make all your characters attack one enemy and the first hit or so kills it, the rest of your attacks will be ""ineffective"", because their target is already dead. This is the first game to fix that, and it does so by automatically selecting a new target for a given character's attack. Brilliant, right? Still, because this is FFIII and not FFIV, there is no ATB, which means that instead of a gauge filling up for a given character so they can attack, you just select new commands at the end of each ""turn"", like Pokemon. However, Pokemon has several type advantages and disadvantages, 4 moves per Pokemon, and loads of other things to make the combat more complex, while FFIII just has your choice of weapons, and I suppose a unique ability here and there when you meet more playable characters. Sure, the elemental black magic will be more effective against certain types, but it's still not the same complexity as in Pokemon, and even then, not everyone has black magic (although there is a way to give everyone black magic, but it's not worth it). For an apt analogy concerning FFIII's combat compared to FFIV's, think of coaching a football/soccer/other sport game vs. playing in one. FFIII is where you coach.Oh, still on the topic of combat, sometimes enemies are faster than you, sometimes you're faster than them. It doesn't even seen to be a constant thing during the same battle, and so it can't possibly be due to different enemies being different levels even though they're the same type of enemy. This pretty much makes any strategy impossible to rely on 100%, which means straight up luck is now a factor. I suppose luck is also a factor in real life combat, but this isn't real life. When you get to the first actual dungeon, prepare to get destroyed if you didn't grind a lot beforehand. Yeah, it's one of those RPGs.Should FFIII have stayed in Japan? Nah. While I bash on it quite a bit in this review, it's great to look at how far the franchise has come. Gotta have bad games to appreciate good ones, and all. Still, I can't in good faith recommend this to anyone, or at least this version, RPG lover or not. I hear the PSP version is the best, but I have not played much of it despite owning it. I'll update this review if/when I bring myself to play more of this version, but for now, I must give it the thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,239120,17188315,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,McGamer,"Even thou this game is a revamp I won't recommend it. Yeah sure it's an FF game but, I'm quite disappointed if you screw up you just have to start over from the beginning if your characters dies at a certain point 'game over'.Thief is pretty much a must just to get some phoenix down without them you are pretty much screwed.I do enjoy the FF series otherwise, but come on this is lame!"
76561198001395042,Recommended,239120,10570299,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Beardman,"Disappointment.This is the word that sums up my experience with this game.I'm a huge fan of the Final Fantasy games and never judge them on graphics alone.What really upset me about this game is its 'simplicity'.I think they had some amazing ideas and concepts in this game but I felt they didnt elaborate more on them.For example.The magic system is broken down into different 'levels' 1-8 if I recall. For each level of magic requires its own 'MP'. The higher your Job level the more MP you gain. Not a bad system to that point, what really lets it down is you can only have 3 spells on each level. As far as I know and I could indeed be wrong but you cannot remove the spells once learned, again dont take my word on this point but I couldn't personally, remove them.The only way to gain MP is through 'springs' and 'resting @ an Inn'. Sometimes there are just none of either. So yeah, fustratting.The Jobs part of the game is far too shallow.The ONE thing that drives me insane and I mean INSANE is the sheer amount of 'random battles', I mean dear mother of god  you cant go a few feet but you're in yet ANOTHER battle. It makes the game incredibly annoying and you combine that with a few of the points I made above, it makes for just a pain in the butt experience.The storyline seems decent but the game mechanics are too simple.In short if your a die hard fan such as myself, then play this, you'll enjoy it to some extent anyway.Other than that, I dont recommend this one."
,Recommended,239120,10256412,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,"Once again the world might fall prey to an ancient evilOnce again we're hurled into darkness and great upheavalThose who can enlist, let's unite and we'll fight togetherWe must save the crystals or orbs or the moon—whatever.Come, lets fly, we'll sail where the wind may take us through thatstarry sky cause apparently back then they had ships that could do thatDraw your sword and stick it in trees that havehuman featuresJourney toward the thicket and steal♥♥♥♥♥♥fromwoodland creaturesThough the villain shames us, we'll pwn all his dark abettorsFunny how our names all contain less than seven lettersShine your light, the forces of evil can't outlast a mage, a knight, a weird little kid and a ninja masterRaise our levels high cross the mountains and plains and oceansDon't forget to buy several buttloads of tents and potionsStorm the villain's hideout and keep your courageous spiritScream a battle cry loud enough that the ♥♥♥♥♥ can hear itFinally, the hunter of souls shall be the huntedNow they'll see we'll save humankind like we always wantedWhen we were littleSummer vacationDancing in our jammiesCause we beat Final Fantasy~"
76561198054549911,Recommended,239120,10255203,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Griff,"I'm a huge FF fan having the classic revamped if a blast, the graphics are great and the game play so far is a plesant trip down memory lane... In short I'm loving it"
76561198030567543,Not Recommended,239120,10329054,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,gameplayer,"I thought I could use my controller to play this game and can't. I only purchased it so I could play something new that involved leaning back and using my controller. I don't have the X-box controller for PC, just a regular one, but it works with FF7 and FF8 and I wish I could get my money back."
76561198075727427,Not Recommended,239120,31500537,Posted: 1 May,all,AnubisVII,"Do not recommend this game. Here's why. I put about 5 hours into game, didnt get too far, but far enough to get invested in the story. I was having fun. Unti l i notcied that I had ONE of the game breaking bugs in the game, The jobs system got greyed out on me, and i thought at first oh, i cant change jobs here maybe i need to be in town or a safe spot, like some games, since i never played the original. Well i got to the viking area for the leviathan dragon and ran into another game breaking bug. It seems story credit, along with everything you loot in chests, also can reset on you. Now, i write this in 2017. The forums that i was loooking at to find out wtf i was dealing with were from 2014. And i saw there were other bugs i havent encountered yet. Now as a consumer, this pisses me the ♥♥♥♥ off. I PAYED money for a game and i expect it to work, Not have the lazy dbags at the game company say hey, maybe reload a save. Since I do not expect this to be resolved, since its been 3 years since those posts have been made, it not only should be avoided, but removed from the store. Its broken, unplayable, and certainly NOT worth 15 dollars."
76561197960364583,Not Recommended,239120,12293392,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Lufster,"I guess this is a well made port, however the game itself pales in comparison to the other Final Fantasy games around.The story is simply too weak, its hard to feel anything for your characters and you dont know very much about them. (now, I haven't finished the game, so you might get something more on this later on)The combat is fine, although a bit grindy.The game might be ok for you if you enjoy this type of game, but the other ff titles are so much better in my opinion."
76561198135866854,Not Recommended,239120,13702113,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,lnuyasha421,"This is a bad port. It's like they gave one guy, one week, to get it ready for PC.I could live with the bad texturing, if that was all that was wrong. The enviroment art probably just looked low budget on the DS. It's just that when played on a larger screen, it stands out like, ""LOOK AT ALL THESE SEAMS"". Minecraft texture pack artists would shake their heads, and wonder how this passed quality controls at SquareEnix. Do they even have quality control for ports?Then there's the controls. No one even managed to add proper controller support. On a game that was ported from a console. How does that happen? I bought the game after a few patches, but when an on-screen prompt is displayed, it askes me to push a button on a Nintendo controller. Not a keyboard button, not an Xbox360 controller button, or a generic equivalent. Going into the menu to look them up, led to finding just a random numbering of buttons on the controller. Indie devs usually do a better job than this.And I am only an hour into the game. I'll probably add more to this as I play. If you can find this for a hand-held the experience is probably better there."
76561198018499948,Not Recommended,239120,11646136,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rubytripper,Absolutely do not purchase this game until all bugs have been fixed.  It contains many game breaking bugs which have been documented.  Sadly I did not find this out until I was 4-5 hours into the game and was met with a bug that prevented any further progression.  Sad too because I really enjoyed the game up to that point.
76561197998197307,Recommended,239120,19404487,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Small dick; Fat tits,Arc pls
76561198104514925,Not Recommended,239120,13861078,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,☆Meowstical☆,"A terrible port.It's a shoddy port(I don't mean the graphics, I actually like the visuals), with a very large number of game breaking bugs(including, from what I've heard, many that can reset your progress in the game to the start, cause saves to vanish... or prevent the game from starting up at all).In my case, the game breaking bug happened early.. I was asked to name my first party member. I couldn't. I couldn't enter anything. Including just using his generic name..From my understanding, Enix has also showed no signs of patching it any time soon.It's also very retro, in a bad way.Lots of griding, and very frequent random encounters(3-6 steps between them)"
,Not Recommended,239120,11682260,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,BlueMagican,"While I like the fact that Squre Enix is attempting to let people play games that they may not have had access too in the past this game sufferes from one critical flaw which to me makes it pointless to pay for... even 2 cents is too much for it.  Before I go into the negative aspects though let me touch on some of the positives.  This game has many good things going for it, the first of which I already mentioned, its a game that alot of folks never had access too.Next its based off fo the Nintnedo DS/PSP rerelease of the game, which orginially was on the Nintendo Entertainment System (well techinically the Famicom but alot of folks dont know what that is) so don't expect the new combat styles of say Final Fantasy XIII.  This is classic old school Final Fantasy goodness... and the basis of which you see reflected in many future games.  Some things such as the job system are still seen feflected in the modern games.  The graphics are nice, though the font is a little ugly, the music as always is beautiful.What kills this game completley for me is are simple things that Square Enix could fix and in fact I've contacted Square Enix about and they dont really care about them.  If you are playing the game with and I mean this litterally, ANY NON MICROSOFT 360 WIRED CONTROLLER then the game will lock up and freeze on you.  I worked with Square about this and their solution was to unplug my Mad Catz Wired Xbox 360 controller and plug in a Microsoft branded one.  Though playtesting I can confirm that even having the controller plugged in but not in use crashes the game.Edit:  I can confirm that a wired Xbox 360 controller works just fine.  For anyone curious as to why the Microsoft 360 Wireless controller doesn't work, its because it requires Bluetooth, even when pluged in using an USB adapter.  All the USB adapter does is charge the controller it doesn't acutally function as in the same way a wired controller does.So in short they don't want you to pay 15 for the game.  They want you to pay 15 for the game, and approximately 40 for the controller makeing the cost of this Final Fantasy game 55 dollars.  (Edit:  You can now find the controllers for around 25 dollars on sites like Amazon, but still its an unstaded addtional cost if you want to use a controller.)  Yes I could play the game with nothing plugged in but as someone who plays a lot of diffrent games on my cast this isn't very reasonable, plus Final Fantasy Games just don't feel right being played with a keyboard.  (Edit:  In addition as many people who have problems with carpal tunnel have pointed out using a controller is much easyer on them ta hen using the keyboard.)In short the cost of this game is 55 bucks.... I can go buy a brand new Triple A title game for that much.  I'd rather just get this while its on sale on PSN (which happens fairly regularly) or get a modded DS so I can play my DS version.  Avoid at all costs untill fixed IMHO.Edit:  Since I can now post a longer version of this I wanted to expand my review.  Another problem with this veresion of the game is that it has many bugs.  One of which is a fatal game flaw in which if characters die you can lose all your progress.  By this I mean you can lose the abilitiy to change jobs, your ships/boats which are required for travel, and other simular bugs.This has since been verified by a caster I have a great amount of respect for: Crumps2 who is currently (as of 12/4/14) playing though all the Final Fantasy games on Twitch.tv.  This has caused him and Cereth the other caster that is playing though all the games to acutally ABANDON this game untill such time as they can get modified Nintendo DS systems to be able to play the game.  Once again, buy at your own risk."
76561198008751443,Recommended,239120,27719083,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jeffswartz,visualing pleasing and fun game.
76561198019906775,Not Recommended,239120,14461952,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,kitsune_uk,"Short review. This is a plotless, characterless, timewasting grind.Long Review.Lets start with the basics. I used to play the old final fantasy games on the SNES, which were great and even now worth playing on an emulator. I saw this on sale, saw the job class system and was reminded of one of my favourite FF games with the same idea. I thought i'd enjoy this game even more with the enhanced graphics and suchlike. Wrong.The job classesI'm about a quarter of the way through the game and i'm about level 25 out of level 99 on my first job for each character. It is only because of reading the wiki page I find out that there is no significant benefit at all to mastering a class.In the prior version, sticking with a class and mastering it was a good idea. If one of your characters mastered being a white mage, then you could select white magic as a secondary ability when you started a new class. This allowed for interesting and varied job combinations. This new version makes you start from scratch every time you start a new job. There are even better versions of the starting jobs which you will have to grind through again to make them any good since they will draw no benefit from having ground from the basic class. Utter time wasting and demoralising.The charactersWeak and shallow. A few lines of dialogue to establish the basic idea and then thats it. You might get one line here and there to create the illusion that the characters have any depth, but really? I've not met one person in the game which with a worthwhile personality. Even the villains which should be the driving force of a game are non-exisitant. Once you've ground through a dungeon you get to meet someone with two lines of dialogue before you kill them. Yawn. This is just endless grinding, over and over.The plotWait? There's a plot? Really? A few lines from some crystal to tell you that you're the chosen one and then you're off. Um... is that it? You bet it is. Save the world? Uh... it looks fine to me. No maurading armies, no cataclysmic natural disasters, no iconic villians with master plans. Just a vague reference to darkness being imbalanced. It's like a stoned aromatherapist ate some alphabet soup and♥♥♥♥♥♥out a story.OverallIf you like endless grinding and having to start characters over again and again, not having to worry about plots, characters or indeed anything being memorable about the game, then this is the one for you.I'm going to be uninstalling this and finding a SNES emulator to play some decent final fantasy."
76561198000761575,Not Recommended,239120,14519332,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Boris The Machine,"First of all, I realy love final fantasy game and i like this one too but don't buy this version. There is too much bug. Can't even change my jobs, event are restarting and i don't want to loose more time on this."
,Recommended,239120,10270424,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Stormrazor,Love it
,Not Recommended,239120,10412867,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,OOO Waa ah ah ah,Launcher opens on my computer. When i press Play it minimizes the launcher then maximizes it again. It does not launch the game. Have also delted and reinstalled.
76561197972468855,Not Recommended,239120,12368099,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Black Cloak,This game randomly forgets saved events causing you to have to start the game from an older saves or restart the game. This is a known bug in the game. This teriable bug make this game almost unplayable.
,Not Recommended,239120,19895997,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/TripleTeamGaming2,REPEATS THE BATTLES T MUCH (every 5 seconds or every 5 steps)
,Not Recommended,239120,18152575,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rick,"Final Fantasy III is an unrewarding grind with a so-simple-it's-convoluted story reminiscent of Kingdom Hearts'.  The story is about the balance between light and darkness--and the game lectures and reminds the player about this balance a few hundred times throughout, as New Age-plagued JRPGs often do.Its gameplay is where it fails on virtually every level: Most of the jobs are useless, half the abilities in the game are bugged and simply don't work, and players will lose hours upon hours of progress due to a complete absence of in-dungeon save points.  You can only save on the world map, and some dungeons are 5+ hours long.Even players who only desire a peek at the advent of Final Fantasy's Job System will be disappointed, as the game's combat shoehorns players into a select few jobs, rendering the remainder not only unusable, but boring and uninspired as well.  For example, over half of the game's jobs are mere upgrades to existing jobs, offering nothing of substance on a gameplay level.The music and graphics are sometimes surprisingly good.I recommend this game to hardcore completionists and to Final Fantasy XIV fans who want to see the origins of the ""Crystal Tower"" raid.  To anyone else: don't waste your time.  Final Fantasy III is just not good enough to justify the time investment."
76561198041448227,Not Recommended,239120,15459138,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,sypha1985,"Sorry about the few spoilers but they all came crashing down within the first few hours. Biggest piece of crap I have ever bought!!! I would do quests and they would not regester, leaving me to redo them (i.e did ghost quest twice, did ruby snake eye quest three times, first time having to do it twice then again all the way through gnome village after getting ship, saving and logging). Although the extra loot was nice, within the first few hours of playing I had to redo quests leaving me stranded because the ship I had received as a reward was at the next location but yet I did not have credit for the quest even though I did it twice leaving me stranded only to admire my reward from afar. There have been many glitches within the first few hours and I encourage all to not waste the money."
,Recommended,239120,10486186,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Jon Metalord,you a ♥♥♥♥♥ if you dont get this game.
76561198063324302,Not Recommended,239120,10352203,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Neion,"Buggiest piece of **** i've ever seen on the PC... (not really) but if they are going to do a translation they should at least do it a little better, i can't change the name of any of the characters because apparently no matter what i do i cannot cancel, go back, or type anything, so i am forced to restart. That's just one of the examples, but maybe it's just me."
,Recommended,239120,10264736,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Revolver Stoob,Redoing a 40 minute long dungeon for the 4th time because the boss is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hard gives me a raging nolstagia boner. 10/10 Would die again.
,Not Recommended,239120,25860368,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Crash,"Again, a port of a port (this was ported from the DS to Android and then to PC/Steam). This sounds bad, but the game actually can be modded to be a little more PC friendly.Even so, the game is plainly bad. It requires an inhumane amout of griding to actually get strong and being able to do some of the optional stuff, or even the obligatory one.And yes, the Final Fantasy franchise is about being able to do some optional stuff, with some difficult but not as nearly as the one this game demands.Just to finish, I'm a long time Final Fantasy player and expert. If you want something better with a job system, stick to FFV, a much better port and game."
,Not Recommended,239120,10382680,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Smirky,Game is (for some) broken and jumping through a ton of hoops is needed for a chance at making it work.
76561198098151724,Not Recommended,239120,19121167,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ryan.cao.ko,"It's incomparable to the other FFs in a bad way. Sense of where to go in this game is awful, one of the world maps is just barren with no real marker of where to go. You can get lost for awhile. Sometimes you'll wander and encounter monsters just too tough. Airships can't fly over mountains, only hop on certain ranges. Job classes are forced into the storyline and are just unneeded, can't even begin to imagine how many times you had to cast mini ot toad on yourself and then cure yourself immediately after. Extremely disappointed in this instalment, I've played FF1-FF12, full completed all of them with maxed characters.I can say without doubt FF3 was the worst, did not want to do any other additional sidequests."
76561198077106774,Not Recommended,239120,10770459,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ketaru,"You want to play ""Final Fantasy III"":- To gain an appreciation for where the series, and many of its defining characteristics, come from.  This is where the Job Change system and many of the archetypes in ""Final Fantasy"" started.You don't want to play ""Final Fantasy III"" because:- There are too many random battles.  You won't be able to walk around for five seconds without getting into another one sometimes.- Most battles are unimaginative and consist only of attacking and healing as necessary.- The story is dull.  As are the characters.  In the original NES version, they were all silent protagonists.  Now, they talk.  They're just as flat and lifeless, but now you must suffer through dialogue."
,Recommended,239120,10777853,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BIGGEST BALLER,i bought final fantasy 6 what the hell game is this
76561198006673325,Not Recommended,239120,22125626,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DeTobias,Its SLOWWWWW
76561198143442068,Not Recommended,239120,15833475,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Lasko,"This is my experience with this gamemade me lose trust on steam1. I bought the game2. Game installed3. Game did not work unknown reason4. Followed every trouble shooting and still did not work5. Try to file a customer service ticket but they directed me to final fantasy game company6. They said go complain to steam7. Well I did that already.Conclusion: THEY TOOK MY MONEY AND GAME IS NOT WORKINGSteam need to inform the customer if their game has any issuethey just like to sell every game regardless of its stateBUYING GAME TAKES ONLY A FEW MINBUT WHY REFUND MY MONEY TAKES MORE THAN A WEEKAND THERE IS NO RESPONSE?(I have two computers and both of them is not working at all, every other game works)"
,Not Recommended,239120,16722868,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Pappapishu,"This game is bugged...quite early on too, it will not let you progress"
76561198178201669,Not Recommended,239120,17989464,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,thepmurphy,I paid good money for a game that won't load.
76561198025563909,Not Recommended,239120,26056861,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Xenorin,"Game stopped saving!  Very annoyed, there is about zero support for this game from Square Enix.Game saved for the first 12 levels and I have spent about three hours trying to solve this problem with no response from support.Save your money and get a good indie JRPG."
,Not Recommended,239120,30139159,Posted: 24 February,all,Astolfo,"This used to be a good game when it released. If you know how to play old JRPG game this is the game you should try, but if you are new to this kind of game, don't try it."
76561198254178206,Not Recommended,239120,19266154,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,adam.khan7312,Wont work
,Not Recommended,239120,16748437,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Binary_Agenda,Unless you love to grind you should probably skip this poorly ported game.Good things:1.  Graphics update.2. Final Fantasy nostalgia.Bad things:1. The interface was not update for PC and there is a lot of vital information that should be displayed somewhere that isn't.   Job for example only tell you the name of the job.  Not what your character does as that job or a description of the skills or anything.  As far as I can tell this information is in the paper manual that comes with the DS version of the game.  This doesn't appear to be included with the PC version at all.  So unless you go googleing your only option is trial and error.I recommend skipping this game unless you enjoy a Final Fantasy grind fest.
76561198031028918,Not Recommended,239120,11200897,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,DrHappyAngry,"Don't buy this, it's buggy as hell.  Can't even get more than an hour or so in before I hit a consistent crash when the princess joins the party.  Been over a month and they still haven't fixed the glaring bugs."
,Not Recommended,239120,12304323,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,JIMBLES,Phew.
76561198089834913,Not Recommended,239120,33626399,Posted: 18 July,all,Himmel,Not with the current quicksave bug.
,Recommended,239120,30072428,Posted: 20 February,all,Axel!,if u dont have sex for a long time does ur virginity grow back
,Recommended,239120,28063513,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RedPandamonium,"It looks like a DS game; it plays like a DS game; it feels like a DS game; it sounds like a DS games; it taste like a DS game; it makes love like a DS game; it'll leave you with nothing, only a spiraling pit of depression like a DS game.Is it a DS game? No. But it is a port of the DS game.Final Fantasy is a great game, particularly the earlier games, because they really present a challenge with leveling up and job systems, which Final Fantasy III is known for, and utilizes so well.10/10 would ride Chocobo for no reason again."
76561198027874314,Not Recommended,239120,11074132,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,joelandsonja,"This is by far the worst Final Fantasy Remake I have ever played. The graphics are terrible, the gameplay and storyline are completely lacking any heart or substance, and the 3D element is horrible! The game itself is extremely bad, as you continually die and do not have the opportunity to revive yourself before a boss. You do not have the option to buy Pheonix downs, and whenever you do find them you end up using them immediately. You also never have the option for healing party members by using tents or ethers, and any Elixer you find along the way are also used up almost immediately.I will never figure out why Square-Enix didn't simply remake this game in the same style as the first two Final Fantasy games for the NES (which were awesome) because this one is horrible beyond words. I would never recommend this game to anyone ... and sincerely hope this will not be the new style for Final Fantasy games."
76561198021911220,Not Recommended,239120,12789632,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tox,I was really looking forward to getting this game since I really enjoyed the whole job system in Final Fantasy Tactics. However after I spent at least 30 hours powerleveling my jobs for awhile I found that once I advanced to the next continent I received a nice little bug that made it impossible for me to change jobs. Now I have absolutely no way to finish this game as all of my characters are stuck into being Onion Knights for the remainder of the game. I'm not sure about anyone else but not being able to change jobs in a game that is all about changing jobs seems like a complete failure of this port. My recommendation for anyone considering buying this game is for you to steer clear. If you have it and were able to avoid getting this bug then I am supremely happy for you since it is such a great game. But for all the rest of you who encountered this error. I feel your pain. If you do intend to buy this game after everything I have just stated I have one recommendation for you and that is to have multiple save files in order to eliminate the chance of you getting the bug in your game as well as always checking that you can change jobs before you save.
76561197967486933,Recommended,239120,28468298,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Roht54,Great!!!
76561198060517447,Not Recommended,239120,30828592,Posted: 30 March,all,MrWowzer,"Do i like this game?YES.Would i recommend this game?hmm... I'm not sure.As a game, it is what it is – an old turn-based JRPG. The cliche' light vs. dark story and lack thereof anything else don't leave much to be redeemable about this game compared to newer ones. Don't get me wrong, it isn't a bad game at all, it's a great game. It's just newer games do it better.I'dONLYrecommend this for those who have already played it, or for those who want to experience the classics."
,Recommended,239120,10267012,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,kaktuz,better than ff8
76561198048584336,Not Recommended,239120,24095949,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BodyHairMaster,Not a big fan of having to constantly grind in order to beat the first area of the game.
,Not Recommended,239120,11506591,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Face Smasher,This game is a pile of crap wrapped up in dissapointment
76561198141214002,Not Recommended,239120,31589048,Posted: 6 May,all,Madmonkeman,"BUY THE IOS VERSION!You can't play in full screen and there are lots of other bugs. If you are interested in this game then buy the IOS version, which doesn't have the bugs the PC version does."
76561198306644537,Not Recommended,239120,25991269,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,theloneginger420,I NEED HELP I KEEP GETTING ERROR ABOUT ASSERT FAILEDHELP OR REFUND ME
76561198056725305,Not Recommended,239120,28793724,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cipher,"To ♥♥♥♥ing save the game: you MUST BE ON WORLD MAP.  If you ♥♥♥♥ing die 3 hours into the game, quicksave does nothing for you.  Time to ♥♥♥♥ing restart."
,Not Recommended,239120,29939844,Posted: 15 February,all,Jão,"Buy Android version, not the pc port, because its basicaly the same only crappyThis port has some issues and some menus undone"
,Not Recommended,239120,29945366,Posted: 15 February,all,EpicNick,"Can't get the game to start. Getting error: FF3_Win32.exe has stopped working.Edit: The launcher opens which starts the timer on your play time but the start button opens a white screen then crashes. And because the timer is counting I now have over 2 hours of ""game play"" and cannot get a refund. WTF"
76561198059791889,Not Recommended,239120,30887622,Posted: 1 April,all,Lordjoro,"What didn't i like about this game?Well for starters, the game does not help you along the way at all, no hints, no tips, no tutorial, nothing. Now before you point your pitchforks at me let me explain. i'm ok that a game dosen't hold your hand all the way, i'm just asking to learn the very basic of the game to be able to play. For example, the game does not autosave, you have to do that on your own. Fair enought, i'll just save manually, BUT WAIT, you can't save while your in a dungeon or town, you have to be in the world map to save. it's things like that i whould like to know before starting playing the game, becuse the first time i played this game, i went into a dungeon, died, and had to start a completely new savefile beacuse i haden't saved yet. I did realise later that there where NPC that told you about things like this but if you just happen to not talk to them, you missed out on that critical information and was kinda doomed to figure it out on your own.Another thing i could not wrap my head around was the job system and the weapon support for every job. Job's are kinda like classes and as you raise yor job level you get stronger. Once again the game does not tell you what perks a job had, which weapon you can use while having a certain job, what spells you can use etc. You could learn this by talking to a specific NPC but once again, if you didn't you had to figure it out on your own. Also as you progressed you unlocked more jobs but changing to a new job makes your job level 1 again and you have to farm to be able to match the current level of the mobs and teammates.That brings us to the weapon support, it was wierd. Now leveling up your job was just half the jouney, you had to have a good weapon to harvest that sweet level you grined for. Only thing is, the weapons your job requiered was only sold a specific stores at specific locations. You could pass two town with a certain job and almost don't get any support at all. This made it even harder to play certain jobs and which made me change back to other jobs just to be able to pass some areas. That resulted in me having to farm to get back the exp i lost while playing as another job. It was either that or playing as an almost usless charachter that made ruffly a third (or less) of the damage my teammates did.Now get me right, i'm not agains farming. It's a great way to stay one step before the game, dedecating time to making your playthrough easier/funnier. But when the game requieres you to farm to progress, it's just get's boring.This formula repeated itself several times and at this point i did not enjoy playing it anymore and just gave up on it.I whould not recommend playing this game, i felt like it made it hard and boring to play certain parts of the game when i really should be fun and exciting. Not everything about this game is bad, heck, most thing are pretty good. But it wasn't enought for me to keep playing it."
76561197995001549,Not Recommended,239120,28155499,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gjinn,"At start it is pretty decent, quite straight forward but after 1 point in the game it all goes wrong.Only positive review i can give is graphic's.But rest of the game is really bad so..Can't recommend to anyone.(Do not waste your money or time after certain point where you want to delete this game.)"
76561198027907549,Not Recommended,239120,33068967,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr1560,"This port is horrible, the graphics are horrible....this is terrible."
,Not Recommended,239120,34305599,Posted: 17 August,all,Chill,"Savegame bug, dumb story, this game sucks."
76561198101220255,Not Recommended,239120,30212582,Posted: 26 February,all,ゲイではない,outdated game for OLD PEOPLEalso not a very good port
,Recommended,239120,10254016,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rainbowsprinklez,won't work for me... HELP
76561197993785702,Recommended,239120,10635076,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hugsie Muffinball,"FF3 was initially only on the Famicom. It didn't come to the US until the DS port. For this reason, it's probably the most underapreciated Final Fantasy.It's main contribution to the series was the introduction of the job system, but it's overshadowed in that department by the far superior FF5. I recommend buying this, if only to encourage Square to do Steam ports for the rest of 1-6."
,Recommended,239120,10641501,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kamodobone,very fun game best graphic in all FF's so far
76561198141146355,Recommended,239120,16584028,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BLiTz Cecrops7,"FFIII is an extremly fun RPG. It has a very intresting plot, good music, and very creative elements to the game. Like the boss battles. The bosses have such creative names like Titan, Kraken, and Salamander. But seriously, this game is amazing, and you should play it if you like RPGs."
,Recommended,239120,16587629,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,fay,8/10 too much water
,Recommended,239120,16004293,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"Although the dialogue and story is rather simple in comparison to the modern FF games, this is still a very strong entry in the series.The game remains entertaining and challenging throughout the ~30hr story, and although there is an annoyingly large difficulty jump for the final boss which requires a lot of grinding, the job system and abundance of side-missions keep things fresh.It's not particularly pretty, being a port of a Nintendo DS remake, but is playable in almost any resolution and the soundtrack is one of the best of any FF game I've played.Absolutely recommended for any fan of the FF series, or JRPG's in general."
,Recommended,239120,16124634,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,RadioKillr182,More Final Fantasy and Cheap during steam sales.It's a port but even though I owned a DS I never got around to playing it.Not the best final fantasy but still a blast.I love playing it and you should give it a go.
76561198081242654,Recommended,239120,16457614,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Grumpy Groovy,"FF3 will not fit on the Surface 3 screen, its to big, fun game on lap top but cant get it to work on Surface 3."
,Recommended,239120,15707713,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,goblin girl,"I think I'm kinda seeing why this game took so long to be ported.Final Fantasy III is by no means the weakest in the series. (II is worse, and there's that one later entry ... we both know which one). The combat system makes sense, the Jobs mostly make sense, and there's a forward-moving plot.Thing is, though ... it's not very interesting. It's really mostly just a selection of classic Final Fantasy tropes shuffled together and re-dealt. There's the Job system, the familiar list of spells, dungeons, the airship, elemental crystals, etc., etc., etc. It's true that some of these things actually originated here, but it kind of doesn't help? When I go back to FF1 I can see it's retro and primitive but it still has a ""freshness"" to it that FF3 lacks.All I know is, if I'm in the mood to replay a retro Final Fantasy that evokes all the old tropes like this, I'm more likely to go to FF5 for its more intricate plot and less bland characters.That said, I mean, there's nothing really WRONG here. There's nothing wrong with a bread-and-butter sandwich or a glass of plain water ... I was just kind of really hoping for a grilled cheese and Coke, y'know? So while I'm recommending the game, I'm probably not going to be playing it through more than once, ever."
76561198022306820,Recommended,239120,16070049,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Guardic,"As a game, this game is very fun and challenging. As a Final Fantasy, it's not the best in the series, but it's definitely better than anything after Final Fantasy IX (except Final Fantasy XII). I'm not sure why everyone keeps complaining about bugs, but I've never seen a single one through either of my playthroughs. The only real complaint I have with the game is the fact that to level up your jobs, you have to perform an action (fight, guard or an ability) to gain job points (which is a hidden stat) In Final Fantasy V or even Final Fantasy Tactics, you received job points after each battle or kill that went towards leveling your job.Also, your HP gain is based on what job class you have equipped when you get a character level up. So if you keep one character as a magic user the whole game, they will end up with low HP by the end, which in turn causes A LOT of extra grinding as a job you really don't want to use. Even still, the HP gain system in this Final Fantasy is strange. At level 60 on my first playthrough, I had about 3500 HP with each character, giver or take. Which made some boss battles aggravating since bosses tend to hit VERY hard with physical attacks but not so much with magic. In conclusion, it's definitely worth the money if you're a Final Fantasy fan, a fan of games with a class based system (Might & Magic, Wizardry) or if your a fan of retro RPGs.7/10"
,Recommended,239120,16274357,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,JustEnoughFunk,Great graphical overhaul for an already great game. Good port to PC as well.
76561198081966238,Recommended,239120,13505728,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,berderder,"Basic, good fun.  Pretty straightforward gameplay.  Feels like the nuts and bolts of a good Final Fantasy game.  Bosses on hard difficulty can be a challenge without grinding, but not daunting.  I am having a really pleasant experience with FFIII.  I also really love the job system.  Never played it before and didn't know what to expect."
,Recommended,239120,13783627,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Only Egyptian God Can Judge Me,"""This is a PC port of an Android port of a DS remake of the Famicom game.""The game works and is worth the $10 - 15"
76561198140199959,Recommended,239120,13799414,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,theblue.blur98,Final fantasy III has always been a great game and i love this port sure square didn't take the time to remake it in 2d but oh well and come o getiing achivements in final fantasy games always rocks so i would say if you like final fantasy and have a decent pc no 1 gb ram or any of that but f you have a deent pc love final fantasy pick this up starts out slow but it is a great game
76561197998413330,Recommended,239120,14357393,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shinebee,"I bought this expecting the graphics to suck, and I was dissappointed, they are actually better than I thought they would be. Also, SAVE OFTEN, in the first area alone there are at least 3 monsters that will completely wipe out your party right out of the gate: Berserkers, Werewolves, and Mummies. Grind a lot, that is the only way to survive, the first cave is a good place to start because everything goes down with 1 or 2 hits and only hits you for a couple points of damage."
76561198147752745,Recommended,239120,14359072,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hyp3,"Y U CRASH!!! Damn it's a good game, but crashed on me in the first 1 hour. :("
76561198116050589,Recommended,239120,14423405,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,jeffmezz,Initially I gave FFIII and FFIV a poor review as they wouldnt launch due to the launcher making use of some qt5 dlls. I finaly remedied it by injecting a new DNSAPI.dll into the system32 directory...Cant wait to get into these titles.
,Recommended,239120,14392324,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cap_17,"One of the greatest Final Fantasy games ports to PC, A must have or at least you have to play it.The graphics are lacking though.. it seems Square rushed the port and couldn't be bothered to match the DS graphics.One issue I ran into was the game stretching across my second screen on launch no matter what resolution was set and that was because the game matches desktop resolution and in my case that's 1440p so the fix is below.....!FIX FOR GAME STRETCHING ACROSS MULTI SCREENS!In the game folder ""Steam\SteamApps\common\Final Fantasy III"" right click on ""FF3_Launcher"" and  click on ""Compatibility"". Ignore ""Compatibility Mode"" I have it unticked. All you need to have ticked is ""Disable Display Scaling on High DPI Settings"" and ""Run this program as Administrator"" That should be it and HAPPY GAMING.I hope this helps."
,Recommended,239120,14429328,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mayoralink,"Although this is my first approach to the Final Fantasy Series (I wanted it to be FFI, and Kingdom Hearts and Children of Mana do not count) I wouldn't be happier with that decission. Not very familiarized with JRPGs, FFIII is great for anyone who loves JRPGs or wants to try one out. The story is easy to follow and well developed throughout the whole game. What I find a little tedious is perhaps to level up all character to lv 99 in every single job; but I guess that's the whole point. Proggressively difficult monsters and bosses that require that you carefully level up your party and it's relatively difficult to 100% this game. Definitely recommended and it is now in one of my favorite games. Can't wait to play the rest of the Final Fantasies!!!"
76561198042956601,Recommended,239120,14435324,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,jareds12785,As always square comes through. It's final fantasy so not much else to say. Not quite the same as the original ffiii on snes but a nice change of pace compared to the ridiculous complexity of the newer games. It's a must buy for any old school gamers like myself. Well worth the price.
76561197997712079,Recommended,239120,14473557,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jimporer,"Want to know if I like this? Hell yea, it has everything you want from a Final Fantasy game!"
,Recommended,239120,14513068,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kryptikk,"Never played this one before, since its a port from JP. now i can play :P FF FTW"
76561198037667625,Recommended,239120,14395843,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wolfinator,"A remake of an old NES classic that was only released in Japan for the 'Famicon' (their version of the NES). The story progression stays 100% the same with added vibrancy to the beginning to give the characters more depth than the original. The difficulty has been tweaked to attain somewhat of an easier feel. The original was very grindy, but they've removed a little bit of that in the first few levels of XP. They added in a few extra quests at end game to ascertain a level of difficulty of the original with a new boss that takes a lot of grinding to be able to stand a chance against, which is what every FF fan deserves at the end of a long haul of the game. They kept the buy in bulk discount which is great, especially at the beginning when gil is somewhat scarce unless you grind a bit for that. I'd recommend this game to any RPG fan who hasn't played the original or the DS remake for those that love a good solid story with improvements to an already awesome classic."
76561198035351179,Recommended,239120,20190580,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZaNdAlOr-02,This is anither great FF addition to steam. The Job system is what makes this game so great. You can make so many character customizations for battle and you will get plenty of gametime. While the job systerm isnt as great as FF5s in my oppinion the game is definately worth the money.
76561198047302211,Recommended,239120,20052079,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Razordor,"This game is absolutely outstanding and the video at the beginning is spectacular, its all HD and stuff. the game it's self is lower resolution but the gameplay makes up for that. If there was a game that could bring out the inner strategist, this would be it. Fair warning to all of you out there this game does not walk you through anything, it more like kicks you through it.Walkthroughs help but there  is a lot that the player must decide solo because of all of the random encounters.For all of you who are new to this game I wish you good luck, cause you'll need it to get past the first boss."
,Recommended,239120,19918615,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kimbo_butters,"Final Fantasy III (3) is pretty good.  I love the simple 3D models, but it can be hard if you skip some dialogue and if you are under equipped.   If I can, I will update this review when I complete this game."
,Recommended,239120,19987165,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,♥Cry♥,"Bought this remake when it first came out on the DS, then found it on here and had to have it again. Definitely a must for fans of Final Fantasy and/or JRPGS."
,Recommended,239120,20249202,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,InsidiousLoyalist,"This is probably my favorite Final fantasy game. It's a pick and mix bag being able to switch between all the jobs you've unlocked meaning you can make the gameplay whatever you want. Personally I went with viking Luneth, Dragoon Refia, Black mage Arc, Knight Ignus. It worked for me and I loved the game.Best part is if you ever want to play it again a second time just use different combination of jobs and it's totally different experience."
,Recommended,239120,20484758,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,.ZinkZi,It's really annoying when i forget to save in the world map and i die only to redo everything all over or be able to load my last save which may be several hours back. However the difficulty is a part of the game which adds caution and the story is quite good. I really enjoyed my play experience so far and it was nice to find the game on steam.
,Not Recommended,239120,20593983,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"I grew up playing classic Final Fantasy games, and I've pretty much played them all (except some of the sequels) at this point.  This is the only installment other than 13 that I can honestly say I don't like.  Final Fantasy I & II both did the classic grind-heavy formula better, and the job system from Final Fantasy 5 worked much better than the one in this game.  If you've never played a Final Fantasy game before, buy a different one.  If you've played most of them like I have and want to complete your collection, you probably aren't reading this review anyway.  ~_^"
,Not Recommended,239120,20587166,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,PunkHaz4rd,This game is buggy as hell. I cannot even finish it.
,Recommended,239120,20509021,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Wuffen™,This gayme es incredible like ermahgewdinfinite/0
,Recommended,239120,20479125,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"This game is so grindy when it comes to jobs, and as well as having a fair weak solid story. Eh...7/10 can't blame it since it is a very old game."
76561198152865874,Recommended,239120,18945329,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,abatugowski,Love this game. All the memories  coming back for me to enjoy again.  10/10 would quest again
,Recommended,239120,13757414,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cloud_Noctis,"Gameplay top, Game top."
76561198005406191,Recommended,239120,30631444,Posted: 20 March,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings Everyone!Let me start by saying that Final Fantasy is a game series that has been with me for as long as I can remember.  I learned to read though these games even learned new words, ideas and approached challenges through these games.  So, I am far from unbiased.Remodeled and Ported:  If you can’t tell the game was remade for a more modern generation with maintaining a vast majority of the content (bugs and all) which is done very well for when it was made.  Understand that it was created for the Nintendo DS and not a computer however and it still retains the charm from when I first played it (on a poorly translated ROM) and the graphical overall is a nice touch as well.  With all the classic sounds and music it definitely takes me back while being fresh.Frustrating but Simple:  One thing that I forgot about this game is how frustrating it can be from time to time; especially giving directions to the player.  There are times where you just don’t plainly know where to go and you spend a few hours flying, running or boating around hoping for something to happen.  Also, the magic system is based around old school magic which means you only get so many casts ‘a day’ (until you rest), no mana bar, no ethers and switching classes isn’t going to help either.  This initially created a lot of frustration for me (who knew almost two decades apart things would change the way I play games haha) but as I go used to it I found myself digging into my inventory for potions, coming up with other strategies (Bards are amazing) or just taking that final hit risk while my entire party is almost dead.  The system overall is very simple, trivially so to the point you forget the depth that is there until it smacks you across the face!Some DLC?  Yay? Not sure:  There are some additions to the game, mainly a mini section (you have to cast mini on yourself) which I wish I was a bit more prepared for.  The game definitely doesn’t hold your hand and left spending an hour or so wondering what to do, especially if you have primarily physical based classes and the only magic you use is healing and defenses (aka me).  In hindsight I’m glad this was in the game, just wish it gave a bit more direction.  One criticism I will level is that the game was not really made for computers, it would have taken little to no time to update the standard keyboard commands, but they didn’t.  They did go as far as some basic ones and the game’s text does interpret it (which I appreciate).Ultimately, if you like Final Fantasy you owe it to yourself to experience its history and if you are craving an old school RPG this might be for you as well.  However, if you are looking for some ground breaking system and immersive story I’d pass this up.  This was the groundwork of RPGs this is the history of where RPGs come from.  I’d still recommend a buy but just a warning.  Get out there and become the Warriors of Light!"
,Recommended,239120,20953558,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Leviathon,"""It's all about that GRIIIIIIND""-Jinx, Youtube video stealer"
76561198009211140,Recommended,239120,20878082,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Torquille,"I never played DS or mobile versions, so I can not compare, but I spent some time in port of original version for PSX. PC version of the Final Fantasy III is certainly fun, and updated visuals and interface brings a lot to the game. As with all the old FF games, there is not much story to speak of, the game is all about dungeon crawling and although you have some dialog here or there, most of them are simple and do not distract from action. I would actually sometimes appreciate more dialog in game, because it is easy to get lost in game sometimes due to lack of pointers about where to go next. You also have only four characters for whole game and all of them are active whole game if present (and alive), so you do not need to worry about managing and leveling up too many of them at the same time, which is common in some later games in the series.Combat is turn based, but you are not restricted by time during turns, which makes it more strategic than more recent games. From modern FF games it is most similar to FF 10, although with less options when comes to spells, items or other actions. Final Fantasy III also uses job system. It means you can change character classes between fights, and there is more than 20 of them. Downside of it is that there is separate level system for character and jobs and no experience points and levels earned in one job transfers to another. Therefore you need to train every job separately and some dungeons require you to use specific jobs, which unfortunately makes some of them essential and other practically useless. And yes, the game does have random battles so depending on your preferences you will probably either love this style or hate it.Bugs in PC port of the game is something which is spelled pretty often in other reviews here. As for my own experience, I knew about the biggest of them from the start and did not encounter any other mentioned here, my playthrough was pretty smooth. So I would recommend to save often to several files be sure (you have 3 maximum), never to return to your first town and use the restoration fountains after you break the rock which seals you in the first area, and you should be fine. Of course, the graphic is old for today's standard and locked in 15 fps in battles, true. But you are not exactly playing game from 2016 here and the the game looks nice as the chosen design fits its style.In the whole, Final Fantasy III is certainly worth playing for all FF fans. LIke me, you may easily find that you will enjoy it more than some more recent installments in the series. Only given the price and age of the game, it may be better to wait for some steam sale.+ Great example of old time jrpg+ Updated visuals and interface+ Turn-based combat system+ Level design, monsters and bosses-  Unbalanced job system-  Does not tell you where to go next sometimes-  PC version have at least one bug which can break game, although it can be avoided-  Battles locked to 15 fps (depends on player if it matters)"
,Recommended,239120,20924729,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,RedLazer03,best game eva
76561198277250420,Recommended,239120,20864777,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,beaujoe,My favorite.just the best.wish there was more like it.the jobs and the map.just 40 hours or more of gameplay depending on how fast or what you do.some people say its hard or takes too long to grind but you gotta keep in mind that this game is old and a remake so of course they made it hard.but i love to grind.just addicting to me 10/10all you need is a little patience and you'll fall in love with this like i did.ill keep playing till im an old man.
,Recommended,239120,20835601,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MaGiKarP Lv.<3,"Final Fantasy III, Let me start off by saying I have always seen this series, admired the concepts and design, but have never actually played them. I am a huge fan of JRPGs and for the price I would recommend picking this up.There are a few downsides however that might promote investing in a different JRPG. The overall story is very linier, generic. YOU WILL GRIND. Grinding is a pretty huge part in this game. You can go from losing a party member to overwhelming victories in just a few levels, forces you to grind easy monsters when you get the chance.There is an open(ish) world, and tons of hidden areas and items. This promotes exploration during the grinding, but wander too far and meet your doom, keeps it interesting. The Job (class) system is relatively extensive as well allowing for around 20 different jobs including some “hidden” jobs and unlockables throughout the game.All in all if you are interested in the Final Fantasy series this is enjoyable, playable, beatable, not the best JRPG of all time but a nice one."
76561198047910702,Recommended,239120,14320947,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Waterfall,"Is it worth playing, Yes. Makes you think that you can do it and you immediatley regrets you for thinking that way.For instance, when thoughts before boss battling in my head:I can beat this boss because the monster in this zone are no match for me!I got a lot of pheonix downs, potions and a White mage?He's fire right, Ice can surely can beat it right?And the thoughts During the Boss fights:Effe me I should have grind more!He can Atk Twice?Almost Instantly killed the Warrior Glad I am glad I have a Freaking White mage!I Just wasted A pheonix down!Aughh, Why does everyone have to die so Quickly!?Stop Killing the White mage, Atk the Warrior Dammit, are you not annoyed at him for poking you!?Armor is Useless, I rather go naked!"
,Recommended,239120,14344326,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,gamerguytommy,Good game but are you kidding me can i get a rebate this is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i just waited for boxing day for it to be $13 for a feb sale to beat it out???
,Recommended,239120,14381702,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson","This game makes me even more proud to be a PC gamer. Final Fantasy is quite possibly my favorite game series ever to exist, and to be able to play III on my main entertainment system is the best. Now if only the other Final Fantasy games could come to steam. I'd drop all the $ signs to see the other ones on here so I could replay them endlessly just like I used too.Note: I always hear, why do you like Final Fantasy so much? there are too many to follow...Each final fantasy is a different story with different characters and different in game mechanics which make it all worth while following each and every game. I grew up with these games, and 15 years later the games still are just as fun and amazing as ever."
76561197981352349,Recommended,239120,14785875,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,realmidnight,I'm having a blast! A game worthy of the Final Fantasy name.
,Recommended,239120,14608488,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,DuskDodgers,"Final Fantasy III is a classic JRPG. Tons of sidequests, open-world style game with the mission to save the world from the darkness as the four warriors of light. The story was average, however, the characters were neat, and I liked the several job classes you could use as well as the versatility it provided. My personal ""issue"" with this game is that the story is basically the same thing as Final Fantasy I. In fact, it's the exact same just a different world. So while the story gets no points here for originality, the game itself is pretty old and this is just a port of the DS version of the game, and the original came on the NES. Take it as you will; It's a great game and time killer."
,Recommended,239120,15111156,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sanchay,I've always enjoyed this game. But I could never beat it because I'd lose it at the EXACT SAME PLACE (Submarine stage). Now I can play it at my leisure and not try to figure out where the cartridge went XD
76561198035779635,Recommended,239120,14316878,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,acemagoo77,Loved every grueling min of it!How i missed the old style Final fantasys!This game was the first to introduce the job system really makes the game overall but dont expect it to be as good as tactics!Graphics 7/10 are pretty good for a DS port also i used a controller with no problems.Sound/Music 9/10 man i missed to true final fantasy musicGameplay was great other than a few slight glitches 8/10
76561198057971688,Recommended,239120,14077564,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Redamin,Can't get into it cause it seems like it's too kid-ish for me. I mis the old feel where you were in a serious setting.
76561198063790770,Recommended,239120,10541446,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DecapitationJoe,"As a final fantasy fan, this review should be biased. The game is fun and fairly similiar to other releases, but if you do not own it or waiting for pc version as I have then it is worth the buy. The job system has always been an awesome system and such fond memories playing it again here. The graphics are pretty good, although i do not see the improvements other thanwhat came with the port.This game would be highly recommended if they could fix the controller issues. Logitech rumblepad 2 does not work. Xbox 360 wireless works great if connected prior to game starting until the moment the battery dies in which case the game loses all functionality from keyboard or controller use."
,Recommended,239120,10516334,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Iyon,"Definitely a great buy! I have plenty of hours in this game, it's my favorite main series Final Fantasy title. The job system is amazing with the utility it provides since you can make the perfect composition for each boss fight if needed. Amazing levels of immersion and depth in gameplay."
,Recommended,239120,10532922,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Joey,Great game even if the story feels kinda rushed
,Recommended,239120,10843608,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Macho -.-,this game is so amazing its hard and a bit challening. I cant even believe that this game was available.11/10
,Recommended,239120,10743251,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,/\/\utt0,"Before getting down to brass tacks, one needs to be reminded that this is an old game.  A 23+ year old game, actually.  So with that in mind, there can be times when FF3 feels archaic, grindy, and vague.  This is an NES game with a new coat of paint.  So, do not expect hand holding or a cake walk.With that out of the way...This is actually a port of a port, which usually instills fear into my heart, and while others have reported bugs, glitches, and downright unplayable circumstances, I have been lucky.  Nothing technical has disturbed my playthrough.  However, that doesn't mean the game is free from these issues.  It's kind of a, ""buy at your own risk"" sort of deal...As for the game itself.  The new paint, while cartoonish, resonates very well with me.  While in battle, I get this odd deja vu feeling, because the art design and animations resemble FF9's quite a bit.  The world is just gorgeous compared to the NES version.  The music is the original, but redone with modern technology...you know...so it matches the non 8 bit paint job.The writing, however, is atrocious.  I haven't played the original with the english fansubs, so I cannot compare the two, but this is easily B-team writing, if not C-team.  But, that's ok, because this game doesn't have a particularly good story anyway.  The story is...well...an NES story (it is basic and generic.  We don't see one of those classic Final Fantasy stories till the release of the SNES and FF4.)  If you want a good story, YOU WON""T FIND IT HERE!But what you will find here is a fun and addictive leveling system.  Oh yes, the jobs system.See, unlike some of the later games in the series where there are more party members than we know what to do with, this game has only our 4 innocent teens.  So, instead of leveling/grinding multiple people who may represent different classes, you focus on the same four heroes but have the option of switching their class/job.  There are 23 different jobs and every character can level each of those jobs (independantly of the other characters) to level 99.  This allows for diverse parties and the ability to adapt one's party for specific situations.It's not as awesome as the ICONIC FF5 job system, but, this came out before that...on a weaker system...with a lower production budget...and a smaller dev team...But, being simpler doesn't mean it's any less fun.As for the battles themselves.  The ATB system hasn't been invented yet.  It's oldschool turn based.  The player inputs commands for all 4 characters at the same time, and they are executed in an order detrmined by the stats of both the characters and the enemies.  Then, repeat.  This can be a good or bad thing.  It can be frustrating if your mage strattles that line of sometimes healing before the enemy attacks and sometimes after it attacks...despite being the exact same enemy.  The system can be controlled to a degree if one knows the speed of their characters...and equips gear to make the characters faster or slower.So, if one wants a TL;DR version...-It's an OLD game (1990) with a new coat of paintPros:-Seems remarkably stable despite being a port of a port.-Job system is addictive and fun.-Plenty of side quests/optional dungeons for treasure hunting.-CHALLENGING!  Unlike many new games released today where one can get through without dying, there were many sections which took me a few tries to get through.  Strategy through trial and error creates a sense of accomplishment.Cons:-Horrible writing for a non existant story (indicative of late 80's/early 90's technology and gaming scene.)-Kind of expensive for being a port...If you are looking for a nostalgic, old-school JRPG game, here you go.  It's gritty.  It certainly won't appeal to many, ""youngins,"" but if looked through the lens of the time it was released, it is a solid, and recommended experience.8.2/10"
,Recommended,239120,10793151,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Miles Edgeworth,Love grindy games
76561198066234119,Recommended,239120,10805473,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SlayMeBaby,This game is great! It's a great refresher to all the new FF crap thats been coming out...*cough* 13 *Cough*
,Recommended,239120,10506636,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Quinny,"Just completed FFIII for the first time. If you're new to Final Fantasy then I recommend checking out FF7 or 8 instead; both of which are available on steam. If you're familiar with the Final Fantasy series then this is a pretty run-of-the-mill game - minimal story, lack of direction at points, maximum grinding, minimum save points.It only takes about 30 hours to complete but it feels longer than that unfortunately due to the necessary grinding before certain bosses. There is an added superboss after you complete the game which I'm working on beating now, but I don't expect it to be any strategic challenge - merely a leveling one.For a remake I'd have expected better quality graphics, far better control support (controls for the PS3 controller are sometimes buggy at the moment), better resolution support and definitely a modernisation of the menus and battle results. It's also rather pricey for what it is, but if you're a hardcore Final Fantasy fan like me then you're going to buy it anyway.5/10."
76561198014697780,Recommended,239120,10681570,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pablo,"Mediocre FF game in the series, still great if you like traditional JRPGs"
76561198057495101,Recommended,239120,10683432,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,warlordmagus,"I have never played FF III before so when I saw it on Steam I decided to pick it up.  I have an xbox controller hooked up to the PC and the game automatically mapped the buttons which is nice.  The game itself reminds me of some aspects of the original final fantasy (such as buying spells, normal enemies being able to instant kill you, etc) and something like Bravely Default where you can change your characters jobs freely throughout the game.The game is challenging without being cheap.  Anyone who hasn't played FF III before and likes JRPG should pick this up"
76561198072857734,Recommended,239120,11553566,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,BustedHeadphones,"So I got past the whirlpool in the game then sail away. when I land guess what happens? I have entirely black screen except for my characther. I can't restart from my save so I have to begin again. Other than that is an amazing game. Buy it in, but beware of bugs."
76561198040372543,Recommended,239120,11620967,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Halp Plz,Love the job system in Final Fantasy games. Probably my favorite parts. One of the best FFs!
,Recommended,239120,10807714,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Captain Kit,<3
76561197969210000,Recommended,239120,10937026,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Naisunev,"After playing FF7/8/10/11/etc I finally decided to give number III a go. Nice game even though the graphics are out-dated nowadays. Doesn't feel too difficult so far, and naturally some Grinding is in the works. I would've liked the port to be a little bit better where some features (bestiary for example) are featured in the menu, instead of talking to a NPC. Don't buy this at the full price though, it's overpriced in my opinion."
76561198029773101,Recommended,239120,10948398,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jethas,so glad they brough this final fantasy back its awesome
76561198027064410,Recommended,239120,10690341,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,tommazz13,great game
,Recommended,239120,24218935,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,NoAverageMitch,"I only recommend this game to you if you enjoy late 80's console RPGs. It contains remixed graphics and soundtrack, but at its core, it is a punishing, old-school game. If you need to change character jobs or get stuck on a boss, be prepared to spend some time level grinding.On a lighter note, if you have too much trouble in the game, you can abuse the autosaving mechanic right before you get a game over by quitting and restarting.In summary, if you like the Final Fantasy series, it's worth playing, although I would advise getting it at a discount unless you know for sure you want this. If you aren't sold on the older mechanics and want to play one with an Active Time Battle system that the classic series is known for, I recommend Final Fantasy IV, V, or VI. I haven't played them on Steam, but their source games are excellent."
,Recommended,239120,23836594,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Slippingstones,"I've never really written a proper review before, but I love this game.I've loved this game since I found out about it years ago and ended uppirating and patching it into english. I'm not good at formatting sohere's the scoop.StoryYo this is a game about a bunch o kids who are adopted. One guy fell down a hole.You start as him, but can change your lead at any time. So you kill a turtle.It was meantrust me I'm writing a review. You go collect your fam. Find out wao some evil Genie man hasmade everyone invisible and stole yo princess. Go do something about it. Help an old man seehis wife. Get high on crystal puff and see some voices because there isn't voice acting make it up.Crazy shizzle starts happening now. See you don't know what the hecks going on this amnesiacsex bomb drops in on you like WHO AM I WHERE DO I GO then you just walk...until you find a boatthen you boat. If you aren't following me at this point you just haven't been making up your ownsilly banter on this 32 hour+quest. Some stuff about floating islands chocobos and darkness happensat some point just..play the game ya know it's cool.GameplayPress enter 4 times in a row then watch something die.Use your menu to puff on some magic crystals and become whatever you want, at least under the rules of the game,progression, and maximum amount of jobs available.Use your arrows keys or 1337 mmo skill to walk,surf,fly, and believe it or not Jump while flying by using rockets to traverse terrain. I almost forgot ride an ostrich to stop enemies from owning your toosh.It's a Final Fantasy game honestly you just have to love this kind of stuff or you're in for a lot of misery.CONCLUSIONDo itIt's on SaleDo itThere's a squeenix sale like 3 times a year and the summer sale is on right now.DO IT WHY HAVENT YOU CLICKED BUY SELL ALL YOUR CARDS!"
,Recommended,239120,24082196,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Major Ocelot,"This was my first time playing this game since the town I lived in didn't have FF games on the count of I lived too far north.  However, thanks to technology and Steam, I can relive what I missed as a youth.Amazing game for its time.... I would have likely enjoyed it a lot more if I would have gotten it when it was released... which I was like 10 years old back then.  Anyways, the game works fine, the port is really good too, however, some options are not available like the option to mute the game's sounds.  I rpefer to listen to the radio when playing.I got this on sale and not sure I'd pay more than sale price for a 25 year old game.Still, it outshines some brand new games I paid more for.Would I play it again?Maybe once I get 1 & 2, to do a whole FF marathon but in this day in age, I rather play games with top notch graphics.  This still has the 1990's graphics... despite that, an oldie, but a goodie.  I'd definitely buy a remastered version of this."
76561198084325207,Recommended,239120,23995375,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,stankbuda,"One of the best classic Final Fantasy games remastered in 3D! If your a fan of rpgs this is one of the best old school ones you can play, and a must own for any fan of the Final Fantasy series."
,Recommended,239120,24026211,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Green Wizard,"If you like the Final Fantasy franchise, you will love this one. It looks like the colors have been updated and the gameplay is a little bit more clear. I started with game 7 in the Final Fantasy franchise and I love this one almost as much. I can see where a lot of the story and the enemies from 7 have been influenced by 3. The weird thing I had to get used to was this notion of ""jobs"", sort of like different fighting classes. From Freelancer (?) to  the Mages, The Warriors and the Stealth, the game morphs more into different jobs as the bosses get harder and as the characters progress. Each ""job"" comes with it's own perks, weaponry and armor and some are more powerful than others. All in all, I really love this game and it's a nostalgic throwback to Link to the Past as far as map play is concerned."
,Recommended,239120,16478953,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sprink,"What can I say about FF3 in just a few sentences? The combat is fun. The game itself is challenging. Job versatility is an amazing aspect. The port looks nice.If you like other Final Fantasy games, you'll more than likely enjoy this one as well."
76561197975928862,Recommended,239120,11076144,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,hacker-chan,"This game is one of the buggiest releases I have ever played.  I keep running into situations where events re-play themselves, like seeing Cid depart the party over and over again every time I enter his town, or the dragon not appearing on Dragon's Peak even when you talk to the required NPC.  Also my Enterprise ship just disappeared after I docked it and stepped out."
,Recommended,239120,16867115,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,gokudbgt15,I have only played this for a few hours but so far it is a great game
,Recommended,239120,14396707,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Flavinha,"I really love this game, cute graphics, lovely characters."
76561197982089533,Recommended,239120,16783394,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Chaos GMR,"Good game, probably could be beaten within 30-40hrs. A fair amount of grinding to level up job class and individual levels, not sure if my time in game should be taken as I had left it on a few days by accident. Worth the seasonal sale price for this classic…Yes.+interesting art style+music was continently great, but notably fantastic in Eureka+4 Dragoons using jump or a dual shielded Viking using Provoke = easy mode unlock-traveling was good as always, but odd at the end of the game where you have the final 2 flying ships and where you had to go….sometimes annoying.-Thief job class is at max Lv99….so master thief……how can they fail at stealing?Overall rating for this game 6.5/10, I would say pick it up on sale to add to your FF collection."
,Recommended,239120,12269133,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,tentacleTherapist,"Awesome game, terrible porting.Still highly recommended if you never played it."
76561198144898045,Recommended,239120,25623181,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,NightBaroness,"I bought this game for DS years ago, and I never regretted it, even to this day, I still play it. I decided to get the pc version for various reasons, and it is beautifully rendered and works well with my Xbox One controller. Currently doing a single character run through. Altough, for some reason, my steam cut off my hours for several of my games and it no longer knows how much I've played."
76561198091839700,Recommended,239120,24394192,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The White Wolf,"Being the first game in the FF series I've played, I definitely enjoyed it a lot. Yeah, there's the grinding and the random encounters; but that comes with the package, it's a classic. I haven't played any other FF game, so there's nothing for me to really compare it to. At times while I was playing, I forgot why I was doing something; it had a pretty weak story and I didn't find it that interesting but I liked the ending. I found the jobs system really interesting as I've never seen anything like it. To finish the core story, it would take nowhere near the playtime I have; but I went for the mastery (getting all chests and completing the bestiary). If you want to do that, then it'll take a tad bit longer; even so, there's amazing guides to help you with it and I found it fun. I plan to go on playing FF4 after this; so if you're planning on playing through the FF series, this is a great place to start IMO."
76561198060177272,Recommended,239120,24617053,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Wolfik71,"This game is very old but final fantasy series are great, this part has no great graphic but it has great story, it has great atmosphere great very hard fights and i think when you love final fantasy you may try it. Its no very very good but also no bad 6/10 points maybe.  When you are lover of old nostalgic games, when you love these series its for you. You wont regret it. Try it."
76561198106141085,Recommended,239120,23843914,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cosmos789,"I wanted to love this game and under the probems its a very good game, however with the job system (one of the key components of the game) not working and game breaking glitches I cant recomend this game at present. If these issues are fixed I will change this reveiw to positive since underneath it all it is a good game just a really badly ported one.(edit) Having completed the game the thing is it is a very good game overall (with the exception of the final dungeon seriously you wanna grind about 10 more levels for it) there is a lot of enjoyment you can get from this game but if youre looking to buy it I would recomend the 3ds port of the game instead. changing reveiw to positive due to the quality of the inherent game but this port is still a bad one."
,Not Recommended,239120,24367341,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Junglevibe,"Difficult game.  Stuff like being stuck in mini, while random trash ownes you.  I really didn't like the job level up system and the zoom in feature."
,Recommended,239120,26453193,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Joachim,"Final Fantasy III is an old school j-rpg with remade graphics. Recommending this game will depend on your ability to appreciate game design from the early 90s. To be more specific quest design, encounter design and story are all barebones.Quests consist of going somewhere, kill someone, get an object, advance. There are very few sidequests, and exploration is limited due to the size of the world map and the convenience of transportation. That is not necessarily a flaw, as the game still has a good amount of content, and ends up more focused. Except at the end, you won't get lost or stumble in the wrong places, which comes at the price of fulfilling exploration.Level design abuses the use of secret corridors. Basically some corridors are hidden behind fake walls, and completely dark, so you have to stumble across them. Also you often have to backtrack if you want to get every nook and cranny. Other than that it's basic but effective. The encounters are repetitive and lack the needs of strategy to solve them, you basically brute force through everything, as you seldom run out of ressources if you are well prepared. With that said, they still are satisfying because you can't save in dungeons, and as you advance the tension rises. That is, if you go into dungeons casually and unprepared, because otherwise the game becomes a cakewalk.The story is minimal, but like it's graphics it has a cutesy kind of charm. Characters have no development, the story bends to accomodate for the gameplay, if you rely on a good story to carry your experience you will find it severely lacking here and I would advise you against this game.Overall I found the game rewarding to finish, and I would recommend it on that ground. I like that you can choose whatever classes you like from a pool of 20+ jobs, I like the charming simplicity of this game, and I found it to be effective in what it sets to be. But I wouldn't recommend it for people who have modern standards, as the game clearly doesn't meet them."
76561198137516696,Recommended,239120,28248452,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,El_Hefe,"First time playing, long time FF fan. If you love senseless grinding then this is the perfect FF for you. You'll love the challenge of mastering all the jobs for all 4 characters XD.Everything else is great about the game. Look, controls, challenge however its a tad bit grindy for me even just mastering all the jobs once to get their ultimate weapon/armor is too much for me and I usually love grinding.I'd still reccomend this game however because it introduced a lot of common FF elements seen in later games.The world map is pretty cool, world within a world and the story is fine.FF5 is far superior tho and handles the job system much better then this game.Thats about it, if you LOVE to grind by all means pick it up and have at er. If not then deff don't get this one."
,Recommended,239120,28494518,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ izdiswee,"Cute and enjoyable... a true Final Fantasy epic. You take on the role of an un-suspecting hero who embarks on a fate wound destiny. Classic final fantasy battle system redone for the PC platform... and honestly.. it's about friggin' time you came to the master race, SquarEnix. It's not an ""overly long"" game and the map is actually quite basic, but they'll take you on a story quest that makes this game a rather legendary plot. Battle through hordes of monsters in dungeons and deserts, defeat epic bosses, shrink in size or zoom in to find secrets, and kick back to a sound score that defined an era of role playing games. Call yourself a gamer? Then be sure to grab this! : D"
76561198054352371,Recommended,239120,26996568,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oblivion resistance,"The game is combination of great mythos, challenge, story and cute. it is hard to believe this game first come out to NES of all consoles and now that it has been upgrated to new platform it has brought all the great ideas they had into entire new dimensions. we must consider the game as it first was in its original form, which leads us to even greater hights, considering how right down terrible some of the games in NES library are (not including the handful of classics that were actually good) how hard it must have been back than if even today it can make you grind your nerves while you are grinding for EXP. in a world of today where graphics are photorealistic and stories greater than movies and tv shows, its good to sit down with a game like this to greet something bit older in a new skin. I do recommend to check it out."
,Recommended,239120,26983797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shinryoku.ichi,A true final fantasy game! Job system is the best in all of the series!
76561198034470889,Recommended,239120,26893808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,General Spareribs!,This game is probably one of the most pure Final Fantasy experiences you can get. This is a port of the DS remake wherein the original nameless characters have been given a little bit of personality and they turn out being great characters. The classic job system is there with all its versatiolity and charm. The story holds up and the game itself is well paced with no major need for grinding.Overall if you are looking for a classic JRPG experience FF III is probably the right game for you.
,Recommended,239120,19587852,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,WetTouchⓒ,"love this remake reminds me of the original version only a slightly harder, always a plus."
,Recommended,239120,26572057,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Craigosaurusflex,"Great class system, typical FF Crystal story, hidden items and chest, a bit of grind. Great for those looking for a classic JRPGStoryLike in the original Final Fantasy III you play as the four Onion Knights: Luneth, Arc, Refia and Butts. These guys were basically created to give the onion knights a sense of individual character and design. Anyway you start the story off with amnesia in typical JRPG fashion, you fight some monsters in a cave and then get told you're the chosen one. You gather your four party members within the first two-three hours and then you're off saving the flying continent from Xande using the power of the four crystals. The story is incredibly weak, but that's not why you're here.Battle Mechanics and GameplayDon't go into this expecting anything complex, it's a classic JRPG It uses a turn based system setup like so:AttackClass Abilities/MagicGuardItemsFlee (If available)Grinding isn't too necessary if you're not fleeing every encounter and if you have set strategies for the bosses, but this is only if you'e hunting hidden chests for hidden equipment. However grinding is incredibly viable if you're looking to 100% the game. Turns are purely based on characters attack speeds, there is no ATB in this game.SoundSoundtrack really isn't too memorable aside from the battle themes, chocobo theme and the dancer themes. Not muchChoice and FreedomsThis game boasts a unique 23 classes all with their own different playstyles, to go along with the boatload of classes to choose from you also have a heavy amount of character customization, classes are not limited to just one weapon type, you have access to over a hundred weapons and armor throughout the game. This game really treats you with the variety of equipment and class builds.Exploration in dungeons and the overworld will benefit you as you'll find alot of hidden loot, but the story progression is incredibly linear."
,Recommended,239120,30912116,Posted: 2 April,all,sfsporic,"A fun, classic JRPG."
,Recommended,239120,28793000,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,It's Free Real Estate,"Had to post as I was hesitant about getting the game breaking bugs were talking about, received absolutely none through an entire playthrough of the game over the last 2 weeks. They all must be doing something in common or using some sort of common controller that's causing the same error.Great game, good port, get the mod for resolution though so the menus don't take up the entire screen!"
,Recommended,239120,28753763,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,joshbittner23,"This game is hard! No save points in dungeons, so the endgame is one heck of a gauntlet to run. Also character deaths in battle is a lot more unforgiving cause you can't buy Phoenix downs or elixirs, either. Without spoiling anything, there are also some parts of the game where you will be forced to change your party's jobs into a mage team, too. Finally, you -will- have to grind a lot in this game. Like, significantly more than later games in the series, which also disguise some of their grinding with side quests and other content rather than just a massive enemy difficulty spike when you set foot in a new area.The story is a lot more sparse, but it's okay. Final Fantasy 1-3 didn't really have much in the way of stories. I wouldn't recommend it as a starting point for getting into the series (unless you just want to start with arguably the most difficult title and can get through the increased amount of battle difficulty and grinding in the game), but once you've played some of them, it's worth checking out."
,Recommended,239120,28883797,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CrashMagnet,"Initially, I didn't know that this port was based on the DS version, and was almost inclined to give it a horrible review due to graphics and (some) loading times.While both of the above elements make the game seem far, FAR more dated than a complete-game overhaul (or even a spritzed-up sprite-based version ought to be), the gameplay and story still hold up. In fact, some of the translation updates actively *help* the overall experience at only a minor expense to the nostalgic value.FF3 on Steam is pretty darn good."
76561198007570830,Recommended,239120,28904991,Posted: 1 January,all,Dallasb78,Great game! More suited to old time rpg gamers though. A lot of grinding. Didn't notice the bugs that others were mentioning on here.
76561198301491858,Recommended,239120,33359742,Posted: 7 July,all,masmune36,An awesome remake of the original.  Fun to play and satisfying.  Seems this version has all the stuff of the NDS/Android version which is good.  Much easier to complete this one than the original on NES though thats for sure.
76561198029912416,Recommended,239120,33395360,Posted: 8 July,all,Lilli_Botox,"I forgot how you had to grind so much exp so you didnt get oneshot by bosses, once i got back into the swing of the old world of final fantasys it is amazing now as they always were. Deffo worth playing playing and is so nice to be able to swap roles (Jobs)"
76561198035192891,Recommended,239120,31145724,Posted: 14 April,all,midgkahn,"Let me start by saying I'm a bit biased, I've been a fan of the series for decades. I first played III on the DS, so this port felt familiar and comfortable to me. I like having the wide variety of classes and true to the series nature you're looking at a good 40 to 60 hours for a play-thru.There aren't many things I see wrong with it but I'll list what I didn't care for. I save a lot as I play rpgs, so being limited to 3 save slots was tough on me. The game at points isn't always the clearest about where to go next, but I expect that of rpgs. Lastly, be careful of switching jobs in an area you just arrived. I did that once or twice and was stuck struggling to raise my level so that I could survive the new area.Overall I would really recommend it, and it's a great way to start the series since there's no big, complex story behind it. You can pick up/stop and not have too much difficulty in knowing what is going on. One last bit, it's controller friendly, but in my opinion setting the key inputs for awsd layout works great."
76561197969625388,Recommended,239120,28680323,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Killstof,"I made a ""not recommended"" review based on my belief that the game didn't have an option for you to raise your dead chars besides the use of Phoenix Downs...which you can't buy in stores. It turns out that one of two identical-but-rotated springs in the town just heals your party, and the other one raises them. I thought they did the same thing. I'll switch over to ""recommended"" until I actually play through the game now that I know at the very least it's not being unreasonable."
76561198071419613,Recommended,239120,30217116,Posted: 27 February,all,Sparky mark phillips,"you know how we used to have save points before major bosses, especially if some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decides tomake a large dungeon before 2 bosses that use cheap kills, thanks for wasting my time, game was actuallyfun until that point.okay that was my fault, went back and beat it now the game is good again :P"
,Recommended,239120,31230428,Posted: 18 April,all,๖ۣۜClint_๖ۣۜBeastwood,Huge fan o fhte DS version. Glad to see it on PC
76561198035863400,Recommended,239120,31231300,Posted: 18 April,all,JKRPGDUDE,"Looks Great!!! Can we get an option to hear the 8-bit music instead... PLEASE!!!Also, When can we have FF1, FF2 and FF Tactics on steam?!?!?!?!?!(FF1/FF2 Origins or Dawn of Souls Versions Preferred)."
,Recommended,239120,31473730,Posted: 30 April,all,XzarDragon,"Thank god they improved The Job system in the later games, Don't get me wrong.The job system is quite interesing, the problem is the tendious grind to obtain all jobs to level 99.But as all Mainline Final Fantasies, they are a must play for the fans of the series"
76561198117042418,Recommended,239120,33148212,Posted: 2 July,all,vior wolfkin,"I DO LIKE THIS GAME ..... BUT IT IS FRUSTRATING AND SLOOW .....WHAT DO YOU DO NEXT ??? YOU NEED A WALKTHROUGH AS OFTEN THIS GAME JUST LEAVES YOU WITHOUT A CLUE ! TALK TO EVERYONE ? LOOK AROUND .... HAHAHA YOU CAN NOT GUESS ..... YOU HAVE NO CHOICE ! THE CLUES ARE NOT HERE ! wow i got invincible and it can fly over the high mountains ....NO IT CANT  well it can but only specific ones ! and you need to check out a walkthrough to find which and why ! .... i DO like this game and i want to finish it ... but it really spoils the play having to keep going to a walkthrough ! and if you forget where to go on a quest ? well there is no journal so guess what YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT A WALTHROUGH !!!!!!!! I AM STARTING TO THINK THAT INSTEAD OF BUYING THIS GAME MAYBE I SHOULD OF JUST WATCHED THE U TUBE WALKTHROUGH!,,,,,,,,, bored ! .....i am fed up with pointless enemies that are not worth fighting ! press the m button to run away ! press delete soon to give up.....the same old enemies but now easy and hardly gaining exp or job levels ! dont need any more money ! the goodies are useless !!!!!!!!! going to play noughts and crosses with myself for some excitement i think"
,Recommended,239120,30201620,Posted: 26 February,all,Liohn,"The old school masterpiece Final Fantasy III.Awesome stories. Its great Turn Based action. Its a great Game but may turn people off who are more into the active time battles featured in today's rpgs's. Class system is innovative and lets you experiment i.e. choose different jobs at any time w/o too much of a penalty. Lands and missions are vast but don't feel overwhelming, and each give enough satisfaction (reward) upon completion."
76561198026769505,Recommended,239120,34055916,Posted: 6 August,all,Heartbreeder,"A simple ""you are a hero for no reason so save the world"" storyline,a nice but unbalanced job system (more than half the jobs are underpowered),An almost perfect difficulty curve (I never had to grind outside normal exploration after leaving the floating continent untill I got the final jobs from the Earth Crystal),I only wish this was not the crappy 3D remake for the DS but a remake of the original 2D NES because it felt disappointing when I realised quitting and reloading mid-fight skips encounters and the maximum number of enemies you fight was nerfed from 8 to 4 maximum.Still better this than no FF3 for PC untill SE remakes the original"
,Recommended,239120,34497725,Posted: 25 August,all,p0go,Great class-based final fantasy action in a well done port. This game is essentially Final Fantasy I meets Final Fantasy V with more of I's genes
,Recommended,239120,34485917,Posted: 25 August,all,cervantes7i4,"Played this game back on DS.  It plays just the same,  even better now that I dont just think about attack stats only."
,Not Recommended,239120,34509866,Posted: 26 August,all,Piplupful,"The game is a lot of fun, and definitly worth going back to if you are a big fan of Final Fantasy, but outside of that its a no for me. To begin with, this FFIII is a meh port, coming out initially for the DS and PSP. The story is very simple, not in a bad way, but you are not going to be able to dig into the lore of some cool universe here. The combat is fun, my only issue is that it is very hard to figure out when your party is going to attack. For example, if I want a cure to go off early, I have zero way of controlling that to my knowledge, essentially wasting a turn for a white mage.Besides this being a simple FF game, this port has few glitches, but they are game breaking. I came out of a late game dungeon, and my airship (Which is the only way of getting out of the area around the dungeon) straight up disappeared. After this happened I was done.IMO, this is a really chill way to waste some time, nothing special, this isnt FFVII or FFIX, its just a decent JRPG."
,Recommended,239120,34975458,Posted: 15 September,all,My Little B,"Game: Final Fantasy IIIRating: 6.5/10The Final Fantasy series started in 1987 with the game ""Final Fantasy"" for the NES. This game was revolutionary for it's time and really made an impact on the gaming industry with it's take on the JRPG formula. Fast forward 3 years to the release of ""Final Fantasy III"" which was the last of the NES Final Fantasy titles. This game changed the core mechanics of the class system and made a lot of changes for the better when it comes to Final Fantasy as a whole. The question is, how does it hold up today, and more importantly, does the 3D remake hold up?Just so there's no confusion, I'm going to be talking about this version of the game which is the 3D remake.So, what is this game about?This game is a JRPG about 4 kids who are the ""Warriors of the Light"". You start off the game by taking control of out main protagonist named ""Luneth"". You later meet up with the 3 others who have been chosen by the light. These 3 characters are ""Arc"", ""Refia"", and ""Ingus"". Your job is to restore balance to the world by finding the crystals of Wind, Fire, Water, and Earth.Okay, what influence did this game have on the franchise?Well, as I stated earlier this game really changed the core mechanics of the class system. In the first one you chose 4 classes from the start and then you had to roll with it for the rest of the game. In this game you don't have that. In this game you start as a Freelancer which does absolutely nothing of value. However after you find the Crystal of Wind early on in the game you start getting access to jobs. You gain more and more jobs for every crystal you gather. These jobs work like classes did in the first game except that you can switch whenever you feel like it. There is a downside to this system though which I'll come to later. When you want to switch someone's job you just press ""Job"" in the menu and pick what character's job you want to change and what you want to change the job to. After you select a new job there is a Job Adjustment Phase. The length of this phase is decided by the job level of the job you're switching from and what kind of job you're switching to relative to the kind of job you're switching from. Another thing that this game introduced was the special abilities that the different jobs had.But is this game any good?Well, here is where it gets tricky to say how I feel about the game. The game is super well paced almost all the way through and it is actually one of the better games in the franchise when it comes to the pace throughout the game. You never really have to stop to grind for EXP. The only thing I decided to grind was Gil for a few rods for my mages. This amazing pace keeps up all the way through the game, until you get to this one point in the game...The place I'm talking about is the World of Darknessand that's really a shame since it's the last place you traverse before fighting the final boss (which is not any better btw). And the problem is that once you enter the area you can't in any way leave it. And you may think you're a little underleveled when you get there and say to yourself ""No, I'm fine, I'll just use some elixirs so I'm able to use my stronger magic spells for enemies. That kind of works until you get to the final boss and get 2-shot. Oh and btw, did I mention that you can only save on the world map? This leads to you losing 1-2.5 hours of progress just because of bad game design. I had to sit and grind for 20 levels before I was able to comfortably finish the game. Another problem is when it comes to the job system. There are some jobs that are FAR superior to others and when you realize you have a bad job it's probably already leveled to the point where you feel like you should just stick with it because it would take forever to get another job to be as high leveled as the one you currently have. At some points the game also kind of wants to force you to have certain jobs. There is one place for example where you absolutely want one of the jobs or it's a real pain to get through since the enemies multiply if you don't attack with a certain kind of weapons. Except for these issues the game is actually really enjoyable!So, should I buy this game?That depends. If you're new to the franchise I would rather point you to IV, VI, or VII. If you're however a fan of the franchise and you feel like you want another fresh Final Fantasy experience I would totally recommend this one. Just be prepared for the long hours of grinding at the end and you'll be fine!As my final words I want to say that it can be a very enjoyable game! You just need to know what you're in for."
,Recommended,239120,35136991,Posted: 22 September,all,DrNick,"The game is ok. Many jobs is a problem, because you don't have all the jobs from the beginning but it'sok. The plot is a bit meh BUT the map must have been incredible (by the time the original nes version was released)."
,Recommended,239120,35168522,Posted: 23 September,all,Your Step Dad,Old bust still amazing in every way.
