user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,239140,14220998,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,tournamentrules,"Glad to see the misinformed reviews have been thrown out of from the top page. For those who have said that Dying Light's day/night mechanic is not what they thought and that time doesn't actually change in the game clearly haven't played past the intro missions. The first two missions are obviously there to get you started, so they're not going to thrust a timed day/night cycle before you get the hang of the environment and the mechanics, and thus in the intro missions, time does not change if you don't progress the quest. Past those two missions, day/night becomes very real, and incredibly terrifying. /endRantGameplay:I'm sure it's been said before, but this is what Dead Island should have been. Everything from the parkour to the combat just feels incredibly fluid. Running around is great fun, and jumping into abandoned houses and exploring/finding loot is constantly fun. And this is where I got caught in my first night phase. I was running towards my objective when ""oh look another shelter, let me go secure it,"" then ""oh look there's an air drop nearby, let me go grab it,"" then again another shelter nearby, on top of random houses and zombies (sorry, ""biters"") to loot, and before I knew it, I got my last radio call telling me I should get to a shelter quick (mind you, the Tower warns runners a few times before nightfall to get home, but I just have to keep scrounging for loot). I checked my map and realized I was pretty damn far from the closest shelter, so I just booked it. This is where freerunning gets exciting. With how seemless and smooth it is to run around/through buildings and across rooftops, the run to my shelter didn't feel annoying or like a chore, but more like a challenge to find the smoothest route (very similar to Mirror's Edge). Long story short, night fell, I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and crouched my way from rooftop to rooftop, listening to the horrifying screams of the nighttime biters as I eased my way into my little shelter. I've since tried to go out at night and see if I can tackle a nighttime bonus objective of a quest, and I can tell you, as of right now, I am definitely not prepared... but I'm damn excited to finally face the challenge.+ Fluid, seemless parkour+ Combat is fun+ Enemy AI is surprisingly smart+ Terrifying and exciting night cycle+ Scavanging every nook and cranny for lootCharacters:Some characters are well-performed while others just aren't. Gazi's performance, in my opinion, is laughably bad, but I began to think that it may have been intentional? And Rahim... he must have played a lot of Jak and Daxter back in the day, all he needs to do is dye his hair yellow. Brecken, Jade and Lena are among my favorite so far, with Lena reminding me a lot of Cassandra from DA:Inquisition with her hair and accent. Overall, characters are decent, and that's all that really needs to be said, so far at least.+ Some interesting characters- Some poor performancesTechnical:Graphics are gorgeous, and surprisingly undemanding even on my single GTX 970 with everything cranked to max and at 1920x1080. Though many report a huge framerate difference by changing the View Distance option, I can barely see much of a difference in-game with that option set to half or max. The only issue I've noticed is that very very rarely, when you're fighting biters with melee weapons, the game randomly hitches, then continues normally. It only happens in combat, but not often enough to be annoying and that might just be my system. Overall, everything looks great, and the graphics and effects are wonderful. For an ugly game, the visuals are surprisingly beautiful.Sound:Music is great, but my only comment is that the music that plays when you're outside has one part where a random singer begins to chant, and I swear it scares the crap out of me every time. Bashing biters with blunt weapons sounds very satisfying, and you can tell when you've hit the right spot, while hitting the chest is usually a muffled thump. I've yet to get a gun though (I've spent a lot of time just wandering around so I'm not too far into the campaign) so I can't comment on that. Also, make a little bit more noise and you'll hear bone-chilling screams in the distance of the more agile biters coming to get you. Very satisfying sound work overall.Story:I haven't gotten far into the story so I'll hold off until I've completed it to fill this section.I basically wanted to come out and say how much I'm enjoying this game and to tell people to ignore the false statements about this game and give it a try. If you liked Dead Island, you'll like this game. If you hated Dead Island, you'll like this game. If you're a fan of first person, open-world games, then I'd bet you'll like this game."
76561198132068396,Recommended,239140,32422108,Posted: 14 June,all,BootManBill,spent an entire night on a pole because i couldnt make it to a safe house 10/10
,Recommended,239140,21104362,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sohberson,"Devs updated existing version of the game to Enhanced for free.FOR FREE.""State of Decay"" devs,  take a lesson please."
,Recommended,239140,17191906,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,dudeofdeath,"This is a great game. How often have I not decided to go do this quest a few hours before sundown thinking ""plenty of time"" only on the way to the objective I stumble on some other stuff to do, like this dude that wants help retrieving his fishing rod or something. *Looks at sun* ""sure I can do that, plenty of time still"". Then only 5 minutes before night, I complete the mission and reallize how close to evil night I am. Frantically begin sprinting and parkouring for the nearest safehouse. On the way I find a police van practically unguarded! Knowing how good the loot can get in these police vans I just gotta open it and get the goodies. After all it could be rifle ammo, or a new shiny weapon! Im usually not more than a minute or so picking the lock. Done looting, but oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's almost 20:00, my watch is beeping, night is coming now! A few hundred yeards from the safehouse still it's too late, monsters emerges and I need to slow down and try to stealth my way back. Jumping over a fence I dump down practically in front of a dreaded volatile. Knowing it can rip me to shreds in seconds I flash my ultra violet lamp in it's general direction and decide to beeline straight for the safehouse. Several horrible grows tearing the silence behind me and action music fills my veins with adrenaline as I sprint for my life. From the growls I gather that several volatiles have joined in the hunt. Jumping down into a shallow wide crevice with a cracked concret pipe running in the middle I quickly slip into the pipe and crouch down in the corner hoping no one saw me go in. The monsters are shambling around on the outside with the distinct sound of them breathing. Sounds like air being sucked through shredded meat. But I think they don't know where I am. Then glorious ""pursuit evaded"" message appears. Phew. I now pay attention to the search cones on the minimap and successfully sneaks back to the tower."
,Recommended,239140,14399957,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Icy Prinny,"Lemme give it to y'all straight, who are on the fence;- Yes, the game is very much worth it at full price.- One of the first games in a long while, that has kept me up until 5 A.M. in the morning, because of how lost I get myself into it.- Doesn't do dumb jump scares, save for a VERY FEW TIMES, and each one counted.- The game is maybe one of the best zombie based games out there, so long as you do enjoy it with action.- Parkour in the game is AMAZING. Sometimes I like just playing the game, so I can runaround, across roof tops, and attacking zombies while talking to friends.- Co-op in story mode. Freaking amazing. No dumb lobby. Just click 'Join game' and bam,you'll be thrown a few feet away from a friend without them sometimes even noticing you joined!- Single play and Co-op have a huge impact; co-op feels fun, slightly safer, and adds a lot in the form of friendly rivals! Single player feels way more tense and everything you do counts, making you second guess some choices, for fear or death. Night time in either mode is fun as heck, though four co-op makes it pretty easy.- Night and Day feel almost like two different modes. In the day, zombies shuffle around, falling off rooftops, being dumb, easy to avoid and kill. Night time? Get those UV Flares ready, and be ready to flee if they catch sight of you.- Even after beating the story, I keep coming back for more, as it's super fun.- Took me around 30 hours to do the story, which also included only HALF of the side missions. Still got a little over 50% left to go, and looking forward to it!TL;DR - Get the game, find friends to play with, enjoy the hell out of one of the few games worth it at full price."
,Recommended,239140,14257989,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,"Imagine if Dead Island wasn't a wonky,  glitch-filled mess. Imagine you could freerun, go anywhere, do anything, meet weird people, and occasionally judo throw a zombie off a roof. Imagine getting a running start and drop kicking a zombie so hard his body gets stuck in the geometry of the map. You don't have to imagine it, I've lived it. Follow me.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,19221822,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Alvazia,Pros :(+)Open World(+)Crafting system(+)Great graphic(+)Awesome story(+)Great parkour system(+)Many variety zombies(+)Gore(+)Co op(+)Multiplayer(+)Many secret location(+)Many ways to kill zombies(+)Custom game modeCons:(-)you can finish the story within 3 days
76561197994503721,Recommended,239140,14267297,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Squiggly Death,"""The Walking Dead"" by day, ""I Am Legend"" by night;I can't tell you how beautiful this game looks without you just seeing it for yourself,  but I will say this.This is the first game, in a very long time, which has legitamately inspired a sense of fear in me.At night time, this game becomes a heart pounding nightmare.Like horror? Play this game."
,Recommended,239140,28094292,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,☻ 60 FPS○ No Crashing◘ Very pretty graphics.♣ Not clunky♥ Guns actually work like guns (looking at you Dead Island)♦ A zombie game that actually calls them zombies.♠ 11/10 ♠
,Recommended,239140,32613582,Posted: 21 June,all,[TGM] ZioYuri78,Best zombie game ever and devs will release another 10 DLC's for free in the next 12 months :steamhappy:
,Recommended,239140,21083550,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Cheshire Cat,They released the enhanced edition as a patch.
76561198085920438,Recommended,239140,35093785,Posted: 20 September,all,atomicshells,"KEEP IN MIND THIS REVIEW IS GOING OVER DYING LIGHT, NOT DYING LIGHT THE FOLLOWING AT THIS POINT. I WILL UPDATE THIS REVIEW ONCE I GET INTO THE FOLLOWING. ALSO, I HAVE YET TO COMPLETE THE ENTIRE CAMPAIGN WITHIN DYING LIGHT. Ok now onto the review for what I think so far :)""Oh man this is just another♥♥♥♥♥♥zombie game."" WRONG. It sure is a zombie game, but the added features of parkour and freerunning, combined with the large open world, and a fresh feel the often over-saturated zombie genre.PROS:- Gameplay is amazing. Parkour and freerunning are both very smooth, and there are very few issues with the movement. The one only area that doesn't do great in this regard is getting up cliffs or rocky areas, but considering that Dying Light takes place in an urban environment, you aren't gonna be climbing up that many cliffs tbh.- Weapon Upgrading feels really rewarding, where you find what you need to upgrade a weapon in the world, and then can add a variety of upgrades to (melee) weapons such as fire, electricity, bleeding, and toxicity. It feels pretty damn cool to get a high end weapon and add flame to it, so when you hit a zombie it will burst into flames. Guns in this game are relatively easy to come across once you get to a high enough survivor level, however it's rare enough that it's still special.- The upgrade trees give really awesome upgrades to your character and general survivability without feeling too overpowered for a good amount of the game. Obviously when you max out all your levels, then you are kind of an unstoppable beast, but at least it's not a situation where you get a level and go from really weak to tremendously overpowered. For Agility, you gain points by (as you may have guessed) running around the map, jumping and leaping from rooftop to rooftop. For Power, you can gain these points from killing zombies and generally doing damage. The best part is that you can get points towards this through molotovs, or other zombie-killing devices other than your own weapons. This is a plus because sometimes you are focusing so much on quests and running around to the point that your agility level is off the charts, while your power level is like, level 5. The Survival level is upgraded by completing quests, capturing airdrops, and saving survivors. One thing to keep in mind, is if you plan to play with friends, I would HIGHLY reccomend having one save file for yourself and another for you to play ewith your friends. I ran into a situation where I was playing by myself and then bringing my friend into that game when he was available. This meant that he only got survivor rank credit from the quests that we did together, and so I was a way higher rank than him. Then there's the legendary rank, which is unlocked after unlocking all the upgrades in every other skill tree. It turns you into a zombie killing tank, by increasing max health, stamina, as well as specific weapon damage. Overall, the upgrades are challenging enough and also provide you with enough reason to try to level up a certain skill.- The world of Dying Light is really damn cool. It seems authentic and realistic, and does not seem forced at all. It makes it really interesting for parkour, as well as when you are running away from a viral or a volatile.- The Volatiles in this game are actually terrifying, and also new and original which is great to see in the zombie genre. They are super-human zombies (rather ironic choice of words but you ge the idea) and they only come out at night. This makes any situation where you are stuck outside after the sun's gone down really damn intense. Dying Light does a great job making you goddamn terrified of the dark. The other zombies and special infected are pretty generic, but still, what those are lacking for, I feel like the volatiles make up for that one hundred percent. There are new infected added into Dying Light The Following from what I have seen, but in the base game, the infected that you encounter in the daytime are pretty damn generic.- The Hud is really clean and easy to understand, no problems whatsoever.- The graphics in this game are beautiful, with lens flare and all other sorts of cinematic effects, you feel like you are playing a movie sometimes. Absolutely gorgeous game!CONS:- As mentioned before, the average infected you will meet will be more of the same. The volatiles I personally believe help change the entirety of the game, but still overall the zombies are pretty underwhelming and quickly become an inconvienence rather than something scary within the game.- The story leaves lots to be desired. There is a lot of stereotypes and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of cliches, and is very predictable.- The characters are pretty bland. Many you meet you will frankly not care about. The game lacks in character backstory, which makes you quite apathetic towards a lot of people. That being said, there is one guy (whos name escapes me) that just hangs out beside the elevator in the tower when you ride it up and is like, the nicest dude from the get go. I love that man.In conclusion, if you are looking for a beautiful game with great mechanics player upgrades that you can sink hours into without realizing, Dying Light is the game for you. However, if you are looking for a very story-rich game, then this will fall short. I personally have had a blast with this game, and playing with friends makes the game just that much better. I would highly reccomend.Thanks for reading my review! It is the first review I have done, but who knows, I may do more. Hope you have a fantastic day :)"
,Recommended,239140,30386240,Posted: 7 March,all,D.G.[R],"What can i say, okay.This is the best open-world zombie game i`ve ever played. I enjoyed every moment in this game, listened every dialogue, refinished game 3 times(Original Story), but still didnt complete all of the side quests.I realy love PvP system in this game, 1 zombie with special skills vs 1-4 survivors, man thats amazing.Thank You Techland for this amazing game <3"
,Recommended,239140,14638365,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dustosaur,"It's like Far Cry and Mirrors Edge got married and then later had a divorce and Mirrors Edge married Dead Island. They had a baby but the baby actually belonged to Far Cry and Mirrors Edge knew that but Dead Island was all, ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is this, where are the zombies?"" And then they had another baby and this one belonged to Dead Island and Dead Island found out that Mirrors Edge was lying to him so Dead Island shot his wife and then himself. So then afterwards Far Cry's kid and Dead Island's kid had incest, and out popped Dying Light... So yeah Dying Light is pretty good."
,Recommended,239140,14700240,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,LadyAijou,"I don't often sit down and write game reviews, but I had to make an exception for Dying Light. It has been a very long time since I dropped $60 on a game and felt this good about it. I am a zombie game junkie, I play as many as I can. This one is hands down the most satisfying experience I've ever had. These are a few of the ways this game stands out to me as head and shoulders above the rest:Combat- The combat feels amazing in this game. From jabbing at things with pipes and wooden boards in the early game, to a slow motion decap later on, it just feels amazing to kill the zombies. They're an actual threat to you, and you can quickly find yourself overwhelmed if you linger in the streets. There are so many ways to dispose of them. About 23 hours into the game, I have several different guns, swords, axes, throwing weapons, molotovs, and a variety of combat moves that let me stomp on their heads when I knock them down. That's another thing I love so much. This game isn't just another start game, grab a gun, shoot everything game. You don't even SEE a gun till you've done quite a bit of getting your hands dirty. Guns also present their own danger. If you shoot a gun, or set off an alarm, you bring the attention of the masses of zombies in the streets. Not just one or two, they swarm you and it happens fast. The decision to pick off an enemy with a firearm is one you make very very carefully. There are genuine consequences to how you choose to confront your enemies.Progression - I can't say enough good about it. They have done an absolutely brilliant job with the balance and overall gameplay in Dying Light. In the beginning, the first time you poke your head out of the building you start in, you are terrified by the strength of the zombies, and they are everywhere. The entire game grows with your character. Searching boxes early on you get low end gear, but the stronger you get, the stronger the enemies get across the entire city. New zombie types start to appear, even in the daytime. Night time is just a NOPE! Unless of course you rock the stealth thing. I myself am too prone to running in wth my machete swinging. Eventually you are driven by the story and quests to HAVE to complete missions at night, and it's a rush from beginning to end. Loot gets progressively better based on your own progress, there are no ""junk"" areas of the game where the mobs become laughable and the loot even worse.The overall experience- If you're an adrenaline junkie, you WANT this game. You learn very quickly that your life depends on mastering not only the weapons and combat, but also the parkour. You don't ever stop running and jumping, leaping to and from rooftops, over fences, cars and other obstacles. If you miss a jump, the horde will be right on you, grabbing and clawing and biting, and bringing plenty of their friends along for the snack. I would highly recommend this game to people looking for a truly action packed experience, this one is not for the faint of heart!!"
,Recommended,239140,32214606,Posted: 5 June,all,Auda Ayderus,"I love this game, the best zombie and parkour game of all time, plus there are multiplayer features so the game will be more fun. If you are looking for a parkour game this might be the solution.Dying Light is undoubtedly, the best zombie and parkour game ever.Have some cool parkour moves, cool weapons, a lot of places to explore.The gameplay is simply great. Go where you want, climb everything. It's parkour with zombies. Go through a city in rooftops. It's simply great.The game has a terrific and awesome atmosphere. The graphics are astonishing.The story is good and interesting, but not the best around.And the best of all: Amazingly Co-op Fun! I played the whole game in co-op with 2 friends, and I can clearly say that sometimes you'll litteraly cry because of.. laughing so much. By far, this was the most funny experience I've ever had in co-op. There were tons of funny situations happening. You will laugh, believe me. A lot."
,Recommended,239140,28687966,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shore,"better with friends, i'm not kidding, atleast in my experiencepros:- satisfying combat- ok story- nice open world- not dead islandcons:- i'm legitimately scared when i'm alone but then i realize it's a video game and i'm still scared"
,Recommended,239140,28600188,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,蛤丝hotwaii,"消逝的光芒（Dying Light） 绰号：蜘蛛侠的光芒作为波兰开发商Techland呈现给世界的2015开年大作，消逝的光芒有着优良的画面，各种元素的杂糅，跑酷+打怪的生存机制，真实的黑夜与日夜模拟系统，但因为放在年初发布，当时2015的硬件升级潮流还未开始，其较高的配置要求让诸多玩家望尘莫及。涉及了很多元素，动作，射击，生存，潜入，逃亡，开锁...就射击方面，也只有那么几把枪，而这样一个丧尸密布还有不少“跑酷型”甚至无尽的黑夜中的“夜魔”的世界，肆意放枪令人感觉很不科学，手感一般，一般是打BOSS和跑跑跑收拾残怪时用，平时还是喜欢刀刀剑剑斩首断骨，潜入方面...基本上感觉没有，赖斯的手下很容易发现自己，一般是蹲行对小僵尸使用背后扭头的技能，生存方面，初期真心是确实惊心动魄，血少刀烂，还跑得慢！至今记得到那个第一次邂逅夜魔的夜晚....配合全黑的画面，确实是充满逃亡的紧张感，不过到后期，游戏就越来越容易了，开锁王随随便便就是一把1000的单手剑，蹲一小洞里，三下五下就是一只夜魔，而在初期，当初跟吧友联机，那真的是18般武艺全上完了，三个人猥琐在管道里杀一只夜魔杀到天亮.....开锁....挺考耐心的，有简单到困难的难度分级，越困难的箱子获得宝物越好，当然，获得武器的等级是随着自己等级而改变的，就像巫师3：拾荒一样，单纯来讲，Dyinglight是一款丧尸题材的作品，相较于前辈《死亡岛》来说，添加了很多东西，不逊色于镜之边缘的跑酷元素是首当其冲的。FPS一向容易导致3D眩晕，尤其是动作幅度较大，画面摆动较大，甚至出现视觉颠倒的情况（典型就是孤岛危机1Core失重关卡），很多""体质""不行的玩家在上手他们馋嘴却又望而生畏的第一人称游戏之前，都还得吃两颗晕车药，而就是因为3D眩晕的问题，造成将于2016年发布的第一人称动作游戏，镜之边缘：催化剂的跑动头部晃动较09年的镜之边缘大幅缩水，不得不说这是一个妥协的产物，再扯回来，虽然在赞其跑酷元素，但消光也仅有翻越，攀爬，减压滚等基础动作，没有Free-running，即自由奔跑的那传统观念里对跑酷的印象——花哨的体操性动作，当然由于是沙盒开放式的地图，拥有充满棚楼与地中海风格建筑的“贫民窟”和“老城”两大区域，相较于镜之边缘更为自由，奔跑更为舒畅，游戏中的垃圾堆和汽车顶可以无视距离趴地缓冲，每次都能听到那“啊哇~~""的一声，反科学娱乐感十足，游戏也带有升级系统，分为""生存”，“敏捷”与“战斗”三大技能玩家初期三大技能树都贫瘠的时候，很辣鸡，渣渣的武器，攻击力低，打两下就生锈；体力差，超慢的上墙速度，跑两步就喘气，打两下就眼花，要靠玩家剧情的不断深入与玩耍时间的增加，获取更多的技能点来提升，但是达到满级时，又会突然发现，简直就是克傲天（玩家操纵的主角叫克莱恩，Crane）有击打系统，可以拳击（即空手没武器时），可以脚踢（默认E键踢，我改成F），以及摔角里常见的Missile Dropkick（导弹式重脚踢）很反科学，这游戏反正哪里都是不科学。不过用起来挺爽的，还能改文件力量踢上云霄武器的特技有跳锤，还有360°回旋锤，以及高处落下击爆僵尸或人类的脑（刺客的光芒）等消逝的光芒游戏自带拾荒探测技能，画面的显示给人一种外星人扫描的感觉一样，反观今年的各大作，都有拾荒与配件合成系统，确实是符合资源节约型社会发展潮流，画面方面，赞一个，建筑与自然景观，地中海Style，不过那个远景确实是耗资源大户，1080P似乎要970才能全开，游戏画面最大的两点就是""真实""的黑暗模拟，众所周知，“黑暗”在游戏里一向是被暧昧地渲染出来的，即“黑”得不“黑”，像比如使命召唤的各种需要带夜视镜的场景，其实不戴夜视镜也还是看得清，不是那种黑的伸手不见五指的情况，下水道画面阴暗出众，但是对于黑暗，也并非完全还原，为什么？因为黑成一片了，还玩毛啊？但消光的开发商就是要大声地对世界说：“No”，在游戏中，进入黑夜，差不多晚上10点到2点的这时间，如果不照灯，那走在路上真的是黑成一片，真的是伸手不见五指，而且黑暗中还埋伏着众多的丧尸，以及晚间日常Boss——夜魔，就是那些赤身裸体浑身烂肉红白相间怕紫外线的跑酷大师，100%的黑暗，算是业界一流水平吧，不愧是消逝着的光芒，黑得彻底，黑得让广州的歪果仁都心服口服。由此，这游戏不但对硬件要求大，对显示屏要求也大，面板黑场越真实越好，一般的IPS一到晚上关了手电筒，那露点光，泛蓝，泛灰，真的是毁氛围。游戏背景设置在一个叫“哈兰”的临海城市，对于该地区究竟在哪里玩家间曾有过热烈讨论，我认为差不多就是地中海那疙瘩的.游戏剧情，可以说是最辣鸡的了，稀里糊涂空降到一个地区，稀里糊涂给一个不知名的叫什么GRE的卖命，自己的好兄弟和MMA女神相继死去，悲怆，然后那个一直以来的反派大BOSS赖斯，不知道跟你邂逅并打算杀死你有好多次了，但都没把你杀死，典型的烂片人物，那种宁愿装逼到死都不愿意一颗子弹正中靶心还废话老多的感觉，当然，最后猪脚与赖斯殊死搏斗，终于将其杀死，总体就是，砍砍砍，跑跑跑，主角的话挺多的，这点值得表扬，不像某些FPS，操纵的完全是哑巴，而且情感丰富，在好兄弟与女神快要死去的场景，都有实力配音的表现，这对于丰富人物形象有重要作用，更加生动逼真，有代入感，可是，主角克莱恩再丰富的内心活动，本质上也就是如孤岛惊魂4的阿杰盖勒那样的一个杀杀杀，任务任务任务的形象，个人观点。呼。。。一本正经地打了这么多字，当初的那一段时间的上手感受确实记忆犹新，弥足珍贵，仍记得到2月跟吧友重开存档，联机联到午夜3点，四周也是黑黑的，好有气氛，屏幕前单机还是太孤独了老想捕捉一丝共同冒险的兄弟情。自由度高，爬墙时能转动头部，这点比镜之边缘灵活，游戏元素与文化内涵丰富，画面不赖，还有业界最真实的黑夜模拟，只不过各种东拼西凑后，还真找不到主题了，剧情一级的水，但某些场面是做得挺好，比如那个主角产生的杰德妹子的幻象，总体来说挺不错的游戏，波兰人在世界游戏界分量今年子一下子加重了好多好多而我们的单机游戏.....市场情况，真的就要像国产造相机一样吗？"
,Recommended,239140,26420998,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BladeMaster,"For first, I'm not much of a writer and since English isn't my main language, I prefer to keep my reviews very short. But Dying Light is an amazing game and it's on top of my favorite games on Steam, so I'll do my best to write as much as I can.Dying Light.It is truly a great and flawless game, I personally love every single aspect of it, be it gameplay, story, graphics, visuals, mechanics and etc. What I especially like is that, at the beginning it's much more of a survival so you'll have to avoid zombies as much as you can, as you level up and progress towards story, you'll unlock many various items/skills/gadgets that it may even turn the game into piece of cake on normal difficulty, of course if you invest some time and enjoy the game instead of rushing quests. You can also change difficulty anytime.The Gameplay.Gameplay heavily adapts on your skills, weapons and story progression. It's really interesting how you level up, unlock game changing skills and slowly develop your character by finding better weapons, upgrading and crafting with even more deadly upgrades.Dying Light sometimes reminds me of Skyrim, and all that huge amount of fun I had from it. If you've played and liked Skyrim, you're most likely to enjoy the Dying Light.Skill-Trees.You have total of 5 skill trees. From the beginning you'll have three, Survivor, which you gain by completing quests, saving survivors, delivering air drop packages and etc. Agility which you gain by running, jumping, climbing and harder the obstance more experience you earn. And power, you gain power experience by killing zombies with any weapons. Fourth skill tree would be Legend which I've explained below, fifth skill tree is a Driver which is only accessible in The Following DLC.The Story.Dying Light has a decent and serious plot. It is a very interesting, memorable and enjoyable, there might be some plot twists and sad moments. The ending is very exciting and satisfying.But be warned, story isn't the best side of Dying Light, it's gameplay.Saving/Checkpoint System.Saving system is simple but there's no manual saving. Though almost on everything you do, auto save is triggered, as well upon quitting. I've never lost anything due to saving. Big missions have their own checkpoints. Upon dying or reloading save, you'll spawn in area depending on which quest you have selected or in safe zone.Weapons.There's huge weapons choice. Axes, machetes, knives, swords, scythes, katana, great axes/swords and etc. Throwable weapons such as shuriken, want to be ninja? well you can. As well as ranged weapons, pistols, revolvers, SMGs, assault rifles, shotguns, bows and crossbows. Each kind of weapons have quality tiers. Melee weapons have durability and repairs, that means you cannot keep repairing single melee weapon infinitely, it'll eventually downgrade and break.What I love even more about Dying Light.It is the bows and crossbows, and their awesome and smooth mechanics. Also the fact that you can pickup and reuse the arrows/bolts which is really fun. You'll never run out of arrows this way, unless you're forced to flee from the area being unable to retrieve arrows.Bows and Crossbows never downgrade and since you can pickup arrows/bolts, you can always use them if you run out of firearm ammo or your melee weapon breaks. You can also craft arrows, even elemental arrows, also buy them from merchants.Perfectly Polished.Over 1,000+ hours so far, and not even a single game breaking bug, of course I've encountered some minor glitches but they weren't really worth much of a trouble, in fact I can't even remember any of it now. Actually it was fun.Legendary Levels.Legend skill tree is a great addition to the Dying Light, it came with Enhanced Edition. Once you max out one of your Survivor/Agility/Power skill trees, you'll unlock a Legend skill tree, all the experience gained from that skill-tree then goes towards the Legend, which adds 250 extra levels and a great opportunity to invest some more time in Harran. Legend skills are greatly useful in Nightmare difficulty.Huge Content.And I mean it, I've started The Following DLC after 700+ hours, beaten the base game multiple times, still going for more.Great Developer.They've upgraded the game to the Enhanced Edition totally for free. And if you purchase the game now you also get ALL the DLC to date, except Harran Ranger, Gun Psycho and Volatile Hunter bundles, though these 3 are very cheap and not really necessary to enjoy the game. You also get everything that's included in season pass.My score would be 10+/10.Some other things you may like.Do you want to be Oliver Queen?(Arrow)Do you want to be Daryl Dixon?(The Walking Dead)Do you want to be Spiderman?Do you want to be Rick Grimes?(The Walking Dead)Do you want to be Rico Rodriguez?(Just Cause)Do you want to be Faith?(Mirror's Edge)Do you want to be One Punch Man?Do you want to be every character listed above, at the same time?Do you love atmospheric games?Do you want to have your own upgradable vehicle with fuel?Do you love stealth?Do you love games with huge content and high replayability value?Do you love games with NG+(Keep your inventory/skills)?Do you love parkour?Do you love rewarding games?Do you love games with awesome physics?Do you love games with awesome skills?Do you love games with ability to pickup arrows and reuse them?Do you love games with infinite world?(Supplies/Everything respawning)Do you love games with dynamic day/weather cycle?Do you love open world + survival?Do you love a lot of easter eggs?Do you love games where you can join others with your own character?Do you love challenges?Do you love games where you can do whatever you want(Sandbox)?Do you love games with almost nearly no bugs?Do you love perfectly polished games?Do you love pick-locking and looting?Do you love grappling hook?Do you love progression?Do you love very interesting, smooth and truly awesome gameplay?Well, this game is definitely for you.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=748947354Need help in-game or simply looking for partner to do whatever? add me."
,Recommended,239140,21093218,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kaler Pensel,They released it as a patch! Not as another seperate standalone game!
,Recommended,239140,29403121,Posted: 21 January,all,SamueLakers,"Dying Light is a damn good game, in my opinion, one of the best zombie based game you'll find on the market.It's fun, addicting, very well crafted and beautiful to look at, here's exactly why:GAMEPLAY:I want to start with the gameplay, which is the highlight of the production.First of all, this game was brought to us by Techland, pretty much the same developers of Dead Island, in fact this game shares a lot of similarities gameplay-wise with their previous title.So, just like Dead Island, Dying light is a first person action zombie game, focused mainly on malee combat, with survival elements and an RPG level system. What makes Dying Light way better is how much flawless the gameplay is. A lot of thought went into it and it shows, let me explain: Dead Island can be very boring at times because you spend a lot of time just moving around, on your way to your next objective doing nothing except dodging zombies, because killing them is no more fun. Dying Light avoids this by making ""moving around"" the most exiting thing ever! This game has an excellent parkour system, so instead of just running, you're jumping on rooftops, climbing buildings, jumping and sliding on zombies front-flipping your way to your next assignment. It just never gets boring.The fighting is not as crazy as Dead Island, that had friccking Thor hammers and fire blades. You can still make special weapons but they're a lot more down to earth. To compensate that, Dying Light has a lot more weapon variety, while malee weapons are the clear focus, there are lot of throwable weapons (like shourikens, even explosive ones, or axes), molotovs, granades, a bow and some guns too, but they're not upgradable nor that satisfing to use.The enemy design is pretty standard, there are your basic zombies: the normal one, the suicide one, the one that spits acid, the big one, the bigger one and your everyday human baddies.As you can tell fighting is not as groundbreaking as the parkour system, but considering it implements some of the agility of the parkour, it can be fun sometimes.Where the gameplay is taken to next level is on night time, because the dynamic time of the day doesn't just change the lighting of the eviroment, it changes how you play the game: when the night comes, zombies are faster and meanier, at the beginning you can't even hope to fight back and all you can do is run for your life, use traps set around, hide in the shadows and wait for the sun to rise again. The first nights are traumatic and you'll try to avoid them, but as the game progresses and you learn more, you'll conquer the night a little bit, so there's a good sense of progression.THE STORY:After playing through the story I asked myself of much developers must love Far Cry 3. A lot of similarities with that game, especially the crazy main bad guy obsessed with caos who kills his own men and the tripping on drugs platform sections. That, and quick time events boss fights.Anyway, the story it's pretty forgettable, nothing really memorable to highlight but I won't spoil it. Some sidequests are pretty decent, there are still some of the usual delivery boy missions, which zombie game really love apparently, but at least here there are some fun side characters to meet. A few of them at least.THE PRESENTATION:Well it looks really good, the lights are beautiful, sunrises and sunsets are very pretty. What wins me over with the presentation is when you're standing on a high ground and you get to enjoy all the enviroment around you, it really looks beautiful.One little complaint is how the water looks from further distances, it's pretty weird for me.THE SOUNDTRACK:Barely remember any of it. Some nice tons here and there, nothing else to say about it.ADDICIONAL CONTENT:""The following"" expansion is a very good downloadable content. It's relatively cheap and it offers a lot. They changed the scenario to a countryside, where instead of jumping around you're using a dune buggy, which is awesome, it's upgradable, customizable, fun to drive around for a while. The story of this DLC is actually a little more interesting, with this cult who is apparently immune to the infection, a little more creative. A problem is that it requires you to do some sidequests to continue the main story and there's a lot of them, so it might become unfocused.All that considered, if you like the game you can pick this up with no ripercussions.The Bozak Horde is one those challenge missions that you can repeat how many times you want to, so it can be fun a few times if played with some friends.Speaking of friends:THE CO OP:This game is excellent to play in co op with some buddies, running around and killing zombies becomes more fun and looking around for resources becomes less tedious. Also, dying in the game can be pretty stressfull because it kills the ""momentum"", luckily coop deletes this issue because a friend can just pick you up when you die, even from a fall, so you don't have to restart somewhere far away, after a immersion killing loading screen, less interested in keeping to play.In the end, if you're a fan of zombie games, or first person games in general, or you want to spend some quality time with some friends, this is definetly a game worth buying.There's zombies. There's parkour. And if you have the DLC, there's dune buggies. What's not to love?"
76561198032544493,Recommended,239140,32722191,Posted: 24 June,all,Sanlucifer,"Best game i have played so far, freedom and always something to do no matter what quest you are in you just can get lost for days and days all over the place."
,Recommended,239140,19252837,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Wun Weg Wun Dar Wun,"This game taught me many things about real life:Episode 1: I was locked out of my house last week, and I realized I had a paper clip and pocket knife in my car. I figured, ""this will be a cinch"" I started to pick my lock: click, click. Sh%#. Paper clip broke. Yep, lock is ruined.*Hops wall, grabs key from under mat, and enters through back door*Wife: ""Why the hell did you come in from the back?"" Me: ""I locked myself out"" Wife: ""Why didn't you just knock?"" Me: ""I've been trying to learn parkour."" *parkour into back room* Pursuit evaded.Episode 2: I have to take the trash out, but it's getting dark outside. Wife: ""the trash is still overflowing"" Me: ""True, but its almost dark. I don't think I can risk it."" Wife: ""Risk what?"" Me: *looks at couch; chooses to wait until morning*I wake up. Wife: ""now that it's light out, how about that trash?"" Me: ""HELL YEAH. DOING IT!"" *Grabs machete out of closet; ties up trash bag* Wife: ""what the hell is with the sword?"" Me: *parkour into front yard* Trash delivered. I feel stronger.Episode 3: It's night time. Wierd noise on roof. Feeling unusually brave, I grab my new teddy bear (aka my machete) from under my pillow. Using my parkour skills I climb up my aluminum rain gutter. Rain gutter buckles under my weight and I crash to the ground. Startled, the cat on my roof scampers away. Mission accomplished.Episode 4: My wife and I make dinner. I am cutting vegetables with a Hardened Beef Cleaver. I go to the bedroom and grab my Machete. I lay the Machete and Beef Cleaver on the counter. Me: ""Which of these is better?"" Wife: ""For what? Why have you been acting so wierd lately?"" Me: ""Agreed."" *Chops carrots with machete*11/10 Would take this course again in the Spring.The Following taught me even more about real life:Episode 5: Been training for awhile now with Teddy. Let’s just say we eat a lot of squirrel for dinner. Came across a Javelina unexpectedly while trying to fix our stupid water pump (living in SW USA) and realized my skills weren’t exactly “legendary.” Teddy failed. I failed. I ran. Wife understood, but I could see the disappointment in her eyes. So, naturally, I think, “F-THIS”*Jumps through kitchen window; hoofs it to the tool shed* *Sets Teddy on the workbench, grabs tazer, duct tapes tazer to Teddy, wraps metal wiring from tazer around blade, activate tazer, Teddy lights up like a F’in Christmas tree*YEAH! *Heads back to water pump* Javelina is there, staring me in the GD face like a drunken frat kid. “OH, I’LL COME AT YOU BRO” *Charges Javelina, Teddy sparks like a damn firework*Wake up 3 days later in the hospital with a giant gash in my side. I see the blurry outline of my wife, “Did I get him?” Wife: “No, he got away; the cops took your weapon.” I pass out again.Episode 6: After some time at the hospital, I come home, wrap some alcoholic gauze around my arm like thirty times, and I’m back to full strength.  Wife: “Did you hurt your arm too?” *Looks at gauzed up hand* Me: “I need more firepower.” *Looks at wife* Me: “Honey, do you trust me?” Wife: “No! I absolutely do not trust your judgment right now. You just nearly died!” Me: “Exactly! We need wheels.” *Grabs car keys, limps out the door* Me: “I’m gonna need more gauze.”Episode 7:  I return home with PigF$&%er, my sweet new buggy. I honk the horn in the driveway. I stand brandishing my recovered Teddy in all his glory and as my wife opens the door, I activate taze mode. Teddy lights up like a damn sword with a tazer attached to it. Wife: *closes door*I realize she’ll only love me again if I kill this swine. *Buggy screeches out into the night* Experience Doubled.TO BE CONTINUED…11/10 Currently taking this course again in the SpringNEW HILARIOUS PLAYTHROUGH:Dying Light PlaythroughIf you like this review, check out some of my other reviews:WunWeg's ReviewsOr check out my blog:ZeeModernNerdBlogFollow me on Twitter:ZeeModern NerdFeel free to comment on my profile if there are more games you'd like me to review."
76561198048749027,Recommended,239140,32779725,Posted: 25 June,all,Heartland,Pro's:- Everything in the light.- The views are an amazing sight.- The atmosphere and the occasion fright.- Running for your life and dying in the night.Con's;- To be continued.
,Recommended,239140,16695007,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,"ME:""I know there is climbing in this game, but I'm really scared of hights, so I'll just stick to the ground if I can.""MISSION 1:""CLIMB THE ♥♥♥♥ING CRANE ON THE TOP OF A TALL BUILDING""ME:""Boy I hear it's a bad idea to go out at night, so I'll just explore during the day and stay in safe zones at night.""MISISON 2:""GO OUT AT NIGHT.""I could go on, but basically this game will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you while scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you."
,Recommended,239140,27662673,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ho1nz,The best co-op game I've ever played. 10 out of 10.
,Recommended,239140,19195043,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LazyBiscuit,Dead Island + Mirror's Edge = Dying Light.
,Recommended,239140,35288638,Posted: 29 September,all,Spannerinho,An intense version of the floor is lava.
,Recommended,239140,28607175,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Slahey,"Played for 7 hours after buying it, spent december 23rd getting drunk and killing zombies. Worth the 23 bucks i paid, cheaper then going to a bar."
76561197995389298,Recommended,239140,14556019,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Roipe,31 hours and 14% story completed. best game ever
76561198225827644,Recommended,239140,34737983,Posted: 4 September,all,Chrissyc ميسا,"Dying Light is one of my top three games, i am sure you will enjoy yourself if your going in solo, however the true experience is playing with 1-3 friends. The game is full co-op, so the sidequests, story missions and free roam gameplay can be enjoyed with your friends. Dying Light does a great job at immersing you into its open world, the harsh gameplay, stunning visuals, music and everything going on, make the zombie infested city of harran seem quite authentic. The best thing is, you can traverse the well designed and layed out city with fantastic parkour mechanics.I give Dying Light a straight 10/10 and would recommend it to anyone, not just fans of the genre"
,Recommended,239140,26945469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ouinx2,"I'll be short. There are already many reviews, most of them positive. Nothing more to add, the game is good. Solo, coop or PvP, the game is good for who play fair.As i'm writing these words, the community of Dying Light is full of cheaters who use modded weapons builded by few hackers and duplicated ingame by who know how to use glitches... and everyone know or can easily learn how to do it. The first times you play, you'll meet many players who will give you weapons for free, automatic crossbows, gold weapons... All these will ruin your solo experience. There is no need to be overpowered to enjoy the Dying Light solo game. The skill tree is, in my opinion, very well balanced for that. Cheating will ruins the fun.I have more than 800h of gameplay, finished 4-5 times the game solo and then played PvP. I played with modded weapons and reached final human PvP rank. Then i replayed again & again without these modded weapons, with all legit stuff, for more fun, based only on my skills... and reached final human PvP rank again, of course. And it's really more fun!Even if hunter uses glitches to move faster, counterattack when not allowed, Dying Light is a game ofCHALLENGE! Challenge yourself in solo session with legit gameplay, challenge others without modded weapons, challenge cheaters by showing them they still can loose."
,Recommended,239140,14215093,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,El Chupacabra,Fresh parkour mechanics...... check.Fun to kill bloody zombies...... checkScavenging things makes sense.....checkStory and side quests are rich...... Double checkOK then what are you waiting???
,Recommended,239140,30859309,Posted: 31 March,all,petskuletsku,Best free-world zombiegame i have ever played.
,Recommended,239140,24598830,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sweet Chicken Salmonella,Greatest Rio Olympics simulator.
,Recommended,239140,14970970,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,berylvenus,"To be honest the storyline was pretty predictible BUT don't let that stop you from buying this game. It was and it still is a joy for me to play everyday. I always find something to do when I run, jump around places. Should've been more quarantine zones and more side quests for people like me but still with all the things coming our way as DLCs and patches, I'm probably going to be playing this game a lot more. Definitely a must buy!"
,Recommended,239140,24680952,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ElementGFX,"Dead Island meets Mirrors Edge, what else is there to say?"
,Recommended,239140,32831644,Posted: 26 June,all,Death Knight,The best open world zombie game ever.
76561198016721804,Recommended,239140,14541317,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Green King,I died more times from falling than from zombies.
76561198067071974,Recommended,239140,25595410,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,X-BigDukeSix,"It's fun. Once you get used to the way you need to escape and evade, as well as conduct combat, its a zombie killing good time. I love the atmpsphere. I love the music, it's sort of Romero's Day of the Dead mixed with The Omega Man. The game itself reminds me sort of a morph between FarCry and Resident Evil. If you love Zombies, I give it a thumbs up. I'ts not perfect, but its a solid game."
,Recommended,239140,32400935,Posted: 13 June,all,PROMETOR12,i5-3570 @ 3.4Ghz16GB RAMGTX 1060 (6GB)Runs perfectly well on highest graphical settings at a constant 60FPS.Very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,239140,14202571,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Cadattack123,"This game is what Dead Island should have been, a darker story with a more emphase on survival rather than just killing waves of zombies, you will die in this game. Night time makes the game feel like a true horror game and overall its a very great polished games. Pick it up if you're a fan of zombies :) It's worth it!"
,Recommended,239140,14272568,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"A mixture of AssCreed, Mirrors Edge, Far Cry 4 and Dead Island. All rolled up in one airtight zombie slaying terrain flying package. 50% of story in one map, the other 50% in another. Plus night time gameplay (scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ makes it feel like 3 different game modes in one. Also, when playing with friends, you can turn everything into competitions. Get to the airdrop first, collect the most loot, kill the most infected. This is by far better than DI. And very fun to play. Even ""be the zombie"" multiplayer is fun. 9/10Good night, and good luck. No kidding.P.S. A couple additions after several of the same questions-Q-Are there any repair benches?A-Yes, but only cosmetic. :D You can repair when the weapon degrades, with each weapon having a set number of times you can repair them. Also, a perk increases the chances you won't use one of these ""number values"".Q-Special Infected?A-Yes. Ala ""L4D"" spitters, witches ( a freaky baby), 'bomber' zombies, and VOLATILES, the freaky night time super zombies.Q-Crafting?A-Yes! Weapon mods for burning, electric, toxic and force damage.EDIT: A year later and these guys are still bringing awesome updates. What a great developer...EDIT #2: 2 years later still more updates. This game gets more love than some early access titles..."
,Recommended,239140,14227693,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,reign,"Finally, a game that doesn't disappoint on launch day.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,32931537,Posted: 28 June,all,Empti,"Tried to do Co-Op missions with friends, ended up kicking zombies for half an hour.10/10 best dropkick simulator"
,Recommended,239140,14204684,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jardyn,It could be optimized better. Wait for update. Great game. 8.9/10
76561197997678124,Recommended,239140,21104158,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,fragkitten,"This review is a bit overdue!I love this game! I'm typically horrible at games like this, so this was a welcome change for me.Music- 10/10 I really enjoyed the whole soundtrack. I even found myself hanging out in old town with the guy blaring a local radio station during my down time in between quests.Story- 9/10 Mildly predictable, but it's kind of hard to find something that hasn't been done nowadays so I'm pretty forgiving of this. I enjoyed the story regardless of the zombie genre being a bit overdone.Dialogue- 7/10 Love most of it(especially Stavi), sometimes I wanted to punch Rahid/Jade in the teeth though. Something about their characters just irritated the hell out of me everytime I had to deal with them.Visuals- 9/10 Very Solid, not groundbreaking, still looks pretty on low settings! :)Replayability- 7/10 Decent. Plenty of DLC if you're into that sort of thing. It keeps you busy and gives you something new to do for a while but I can see it getting repetitive."
,Recommended,239140,24199084,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Chocodaze,"Dying Light is ""another zombie game"" but done right. In my opinion of course.Positives:+Parkour is great, its smooth and it works well. Not quite Mirrors Edge level smooth but not exactly far from it either.+Graphics are good, zombies look good and some very interesting.+Crafting, crafting is fun and sometimes necessary if you want to live/survive.+Progression, leveling up is always fun and adds a fun small RPG element to the game also tricks/skills are fun.+A lot of side quests.+Includes CO OP+Good combat.+'The Following' DLC that includes is a lot of fun. Includes a Buggy.+Great sound.Negatives:-Story isn't anything special, but characters and the protagonist make up for that.-Story is relatively short-Zombies look interesting but if you've played a Left 4 Dead game you know the zombie types.-First couple of hours are a little bit boring.-Final boss is a quick time event, a big let down.tl;dr: It's fun, but has a rough start.8/10"
,Recommended,239140,25890687,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Baznoc™,"This game was on my list for a few months Before I discovered how much fun it was...! It is a FPS and has jump-scares galore...If you're in to that. I am. Really. A LOT. This game had it All for me!I Loved this game. It presents the right amount of challenge with an open world you can spend HOURS in... literally I went just roamoing around Killing because it was so cool to do. Im not that kind of person(usually), but this lets you Play in the whole area. This game has many challenges, and side quests . I did them all. I was lost in this game for weeks. I haven't played a game that I got SO lost in since Borderlands 2. That was an insane amoutn of time I spent with that game doing Everything(literally )that I would do and with as many people in co-op and alone. It was crazy. Now I hear there's a new 'Enhanced Version'... *dreamily* (Damn, justy one more expense.)The game is Totally worth the time and effort to get to know it. Its Lots of Fun!"
,Recommended,239140,17276953,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bubblegum,"I've actually finished this game long time ago, but here is my review.INTRODUCTIONDying Light is an action survival open world game presented in first-person perspective. It may be squalid and zombie-infested, but Dying Light's city of Harran isn't a depressing wasteland – it's a vibrant, ambitious, open-world playground. It could be similar to previous zombie-survival you had played like Dead Island maybe? But here, buildings are for climbing, the undead are there to be destroyed in creative ways, and there's always something interesting to be discovered nearby.STORYPretty interesting story.Spoiler alert!In summary - Kyle Crane is GRE agent who is tasked with recovering data from the overrun city of Harran that could cure the virus rampaging throughout the city. The virus transforms the victim into a zombie like creature or into special mutations of that. After getting bitten inside the city, Crane has to blend in with one of the two main factions of the city, while staying undercover to try and recover that data. But he may have bitten off more than he can chew.GAMEPLAYThe FPS perspective makes it looks realistic and incredibly fun as in you are really exist in the game world where you roam an urban environment devastated by a mysterious epidemic.Scavenging to craft - Make your own weapons, medicines and bold your pockets by looting some trashes, boxes, lorries, zombie corpses, and etc . Crafting also comes with delight various level weaponries.Scavenge for supplies to send back to the safe zones.Team up for missions in multiplayer mode - Engage in competitive challenges, or just run around and bash zombies together. It was fun; they even have mini challenges with your partner throughout the multiplayer mode to earn some achievements.Invade other people - in Be the Zombie mode. But it is sometimes frustrating because most of invaded players always immediately quit or even disable for being invaded.Weaponized your self - Discover a new rare blueprint is most blithesome feeling in this game. It’s so rare! You won’t expect it will be placed in that kind of place.You are leveling up as you are surviving, parkouring, and beating some asses! Especially in the nighttime.Set up traps –  Players can also use environmental traps, such as spikes and electrified fences to kill the infected.Throwing stars, tomahawks, etc. are ranged throwing weapons that can be aimed and used to take enemies out silently from a distance. They are silent and do not summon virals, unless you use them to ignite a gas tank.Explosives are either in the form of grenades (thrown and explodes) or bombs (which attract then explode). They all cause noise and attract virals.Molotov cocktails spread fire where they're thrown and will ignite the infected. Can often spawn virals after using.Support items each have their own role, flares repel zombies, firecrackers distract them, and the UV flashlight for stunning infected at night. There is less used items like the Pyza Suit which lets you glide.The slow motion combat is gory and so cool!Last but not least, when you have unlocked grappling hook, here comes the spidey !CHALLENGE LEVELwhen nighttime comes everything changes. The zombies get faster and stronger and new mutations called, Volatiles come out to ruin your day. Good night and good luck.CONTROLDying Light control scheme seems pretty familiar and at the same time highly customizable, with a couple of unique elements. In high pressure situation your survival in the game will depend on your performance and how quickly you react, thus, if you want to improve your gameplay and effectiveness you should take maximum advantage of your custom key binding scheme.GRAPHICReally atmospheric and warm with a great depth of field. The blood and gory while slashing the zombies especially while slow motion are fantastic.REPLAYABILITYDefinitely will come back. Ive replayed a couple times – especially to finish all the side quests.What's New on The Following Expansion DLCNOTE: The Following DLC is meant to be for a player who has finished the main story. Because, on this expansion zombies are a lot harder to fight. Hence, I highly reccomended to take this DLC to experience new area that will transform your Dying Light experience through new game mechanics, environments and challenges on top of the established core of what made Dying Light a break away success for millions of players around the globe.NEW MAP | AS BIG AS DYING LIGHTFor the first time, you’ll go outside the quarantine zone only to get thrust into a hazardous outback overrun by the infected and populated by pockets of survivors who consider outsiders just as threating. Dying Light: The Following is choke full of new environments, characters, quests, and secrets to discover.DRIVABLE VEHICLES | YOUR DEADLIEST WEAPON YETBreak pursuits and travel through the quarantine like never before. All-terrain dirt buggies are going to be your key tool to survival and getting around this hazardous countryside. Level up your new Driver Rank skill tree and upgrade your ride to create your most deadly and effective weapon yet. Fully customizable with specialized weapons, attachments, decals and paint jobs, your buggy is going to be your one-way ticket to zombie smashing mayhem.NEW STORY | WHERE WILL THE OUTBREAK GO?Players will again take the role of Kyle Crane, and will be thrown into Harran’s outback region, rife with the infected, where they’ll encounter a mysterious, and seemingly all-powerful cult, capable of changing the face of Dying Light’s world. To infiltrate and unravel dark secrets of The Following, Kyle Crane will need to face all-new challenges and use his abilities to the limit.NON-LINEAR PROGRESSION | TRUST IS SOMETHING YOU EARNTo get close to the cult and unravel their secrets, players will need to earn the trust of the locals. Through various missions and tasks, players will be able to choose their own path for infiltrating the inner circles of the cultists. As you earn more trust, you’ll be granted more imperative tasks along with access to dark cult secrets which will help unravel the mystery that has taken hold of this once serene land.VERDICTHighly recommended 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,32099459,Posted: 31 May,all,Neptune,"One of the best zombie games I've ever played. I won't go too in-depth, but the voice acting, gameplay, parkour, and the game world are all superb. The story feels epic once you finish it, and the music is great.If you play this game, you must also finish the DLC (The Following) for the full story and experience."
76561198125442497,Recommended,239140,17257977,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ooh Remix,-Buddy and I decide to buy Dying Light at 3am-I need Steam card so I go to the 7-11-The only close 7-11 is in the ghetto-Go to said ghetto and witness many ghetto things-Buy steam card and a peach Snapple iced tea-Get home and start playing said game-Realize this game has kept me up till 6am-Realize I love this game-Realize some good things do come from the ghetto11/10- Would go back to the hood again
76561198073265946,Recommended,239140,14263908,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[Ghøst] Bad Company,"So how is Dying light?PC Specs:I7-4790 @3.6ghz16 gigs of DDR3Nvidia GTX 770 2 gig(Relevant cause it's a bit stuttery at times on max settings so reduction was required)The game itself is amazing, the graphics are great (provided I have to run a bit lower graphical settings), and story is rather long in comparison to other games. The game also isn't linear which in its self is amazing and no need to feel rushed to do objectives.Missions?There are several types of competitions, missions and such. The missions types for example escort,  quarantine zones, various collection requests/retrieval based quests, bounty hunting type of quest (Go kill so and so basically), and securing safe houses. There are also dynamic quests you can do such as hunt thugs, random crazy people attacking you at times, secure airdrops for loot, help survivors in trouble with infected, and even the miniboss fights with survivors.Gameplay/physics?The running, climbing, fighting, and surviving without dying as much benefits your character in levels. The levels are ""Power"" (fighting), ""Agility"" (running,climbing, jumping ect), and ""Survival"" (doing missions, surviving at night, turning in airdrops, and various side missions) are very intergrated in the game and are a must because they add features like ability to camoflage yourself among the infected sneak up behind them and break their neck. The leveling up and upgrading features also add a bit to the game. I mean like who doesn't want a sword that can electrocute and burn someone at the same time and be safe in your hands?The physics can lead to some pretty funny and fun situations like climbing to top of a tower and finding a random zombie there and spartan kicking him off. It feels pretty satisfying watching the zombie spiraling to the ground and well of course dying. Then there are timeings where adding a impact blueprint to your baseball bat can lead to you slinging the zombie as if it was a homerun.Best moment of gameDodged zombie on top of a towerFell from towerLanded luckily in garbage bag pileLooked up to see the zombie falling at me.Panicked, swung my sword, halved him in mid air.10/10 would slash falling zombies in half again.Edit: Found EXPcalibur early on broke it (Has like 8 durability or 8 swings/impacts into objects) but still overpowered baseball bat/sword using it to level my agility by throwing zombies off the bridge into the dark depths of the water below. Best weapon in game.Edit: 2/17/2015I know some of you have seen the ""Mod"" DMCA and such. However, they've recently added modding support and such for those of you who hadn't read on it. I've glanced at some mods and currently their mostly behavioral improvements on the infected to make them more.. aggressive or harder. However, there are some mods that I've read on that makes it more hardcore survival like reducing the amount of certain resources founds, making crafting more expensive, and also mods like increase in levels to like 40 in Survival (One of three skill trees that you have to level up). There isn't a workshop on steam yet so you will have to go gather information on mods via websites like Nexus."
,Recommended,239140,14432715,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,CommanderCartmen,"It's Dead Island done right.Also: ""RUN BOY RUN!"""
,Recommended,239140,30857250,Posted: 31 March,all,TilioT,On release of the game there was totaly no challenge fighting the zombies at nighttime.By time they kept releasing updates for the game.The game is much more challenging and more fun than the release.I love the develepors for creating such a great and challenging zombie survival game.9/10
,Recommended,239140,24754276,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,=EGC= _Nite_,"best zombie game available, amazing storyline, amazing graphics, amazing sound quality, very immersivecaution to buyers though:the camera sway movement when walking along edges of stuff and being at high places can cause motion sickness during specific missions of the game, Be sure to check out some gameplay videos before you decide to buy it."
,Recommended,239140,30176169,Posted: 25 February,all,Happy,Do you love to slash zombies?Do you love parkour?Do you love zombie games?Do you love open world games?Do you love survival games?Do you love Co-op games?Do you want to be a zombie?Then this game is officially for you! it got a great multiplayer experienceyou can also invade other peoples games at night while they try to kill your children? unsure but yeah and you need to defend it from the survivorsthe zombie mode can be hard but easy it depends how many survivors there is in that game and if its 1 survivor you already won if we say sowell i love this game :D
76561198130352267,Recommended,239140,29714065,Posted: 5 February,all,Nordic Taktx,"Best zombie shooter on the market. Great graphics, weapon customization, storyline and co-op mode offer hours of blood n guts and undead greasing glory!"
76561198003030375,Recommended,239140,14277306,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Dying Light~~~~~~~~~What an exquisite cut scene at the start of the game.Jumping out of a cargo plane, the sun glare in your eyes and this sensational feeling of free falling toward the nice coastral city of Harram.  Unfortunately you miss your landing and you find yourself stranded, should I say hanging on the side of a building wall. In any case you manage to cut the strings of your parachute and drop awkwardly onto the street, where your tourist guides welcome you with open arms.This game has the essence of Dead Island and Mirror Edge combined with the in-depth character options from Far Cry 3 and 4. Levelling up skills and crafting well needed weapons and other items the likes of lock picks to Molotov cocktails, and if you feel a bit festive just light up some fire crackers!The controls are very easy especially if you have already played games like Dead Island or Far Cry 4.In terms of combat, it is well done and depending where you hit the zombies you might trigger the slow motion (very briefly). Scavenging Zombies will be one source of finding useful items. Plenty of cigarettes and bottles of alcohol; after all, it is party time in Zombieland!What I find the most thrilling so far is night time. You really have to sneak around and make sure you are not being seen, otherwise you are going to have to make a run for your life - jumping from building to building and running as fast as you can to avoid DYING!Good graphics as you would expect.Oh, one thing I find quiet funny is when you launch the game. During the loading process you will get the following comment:“All characters and locations used in this game are fiction. Any resemblance to real persons and places is purely coincidental”I am just wondering how they know Bob, my local Zombie who runs our corner shop!Now to the frustrating part of the equation – I experienced a lot of crashes to my desktop. Actually every 20 minutes or so before I did the following:1)	Put my resolution down to 1920 X1200 (I am running a GTX 980)2)	Disable Nvidia control panel3)	Turn off Vertical Synchronization, Nvida HBAO+, and Motion BlurNow, it seems to run better but I do have the occasional crash. For $70, I did not expect this to be truly honest. And just for comparison, I can run Far Cry 4 on 3840 X 2160 with everything turn on without a problem.It seems to me this game was rushed.Positves:~~~~~~~-	Great idea (combining Mirror Edge, Dead Island)-	Nice graphics (could be better in higher resolution)-	Co-op or single player-	Play the Zombie-	Good cut scenes-	Plenty to do-	Achievements-	Trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Frustrating crash issuesLook, if you can make this game runs smoothly it is fun and I am happy to recommend it. But I am also happy to recommend waiting until the bugs are fixed or the price is lowered. Sorry, I call it as I see it.7/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
,Recommended,239140,34140106,Posted: 9 August,all,A R N O,I don't know how to describe this game properly.It is just as a how a zombie apocalypse should be.The whole city is quarantined and with some survivors left.A very big map and also this game will also give you full experience of parkour.Plus The Following DLC has it's own features.You will have your own buggy :D Drive it wherever you want.And the most exciting part of this game is Be the Zombie.It's a 4v1 PvP mode.But don't look at the numbers.A Nght Hunter can give you 4 survivors a very bad night :PRoaming with friends at night is damn awesome.I can't say anymore.Just buy this game if you wanna say hell yeah!!!
,Recommended,239140,31930626,Posted: 24 May,all,FettionFettionFetti,"If you know some people that want to play co-op, this game is really fun. I'm still not even close to being done with the story. It's so easy to get side-tracked looting or killing zombies. Then you might as well just do the competition, and then a survivor is nearby and in need, so i'd better help him out. Okay finally, lets make some real headway on this objective. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ my inventory is full from all that loot. . . dismantle. . . okay that outta do it. Back to getting to this objective. damn, its getting kinda dark. Oh dear. Then you race through trying not to encounter virals. Sometimes you make it, sometimes you don't. But it sure is fun."
76561198166771313,Recommended,239140,22821919,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,dstreet319,"This game wasn't on my radar when it came out so I picked it up during a sale and OMFG... this game is so much fun and is very VERY underrated.Story: The plot is good that can give fun little twists that you weren't expecting. Though the only good character and the one  with the only good voice acting is the main character who is voiced by Roger Crag Smith (Chris Redfield and Ezio Auditore). Although my biggest issue is that the story just feels very cliche at like every big action moment and they don't try anything creative. Also the antagonist was being way too serious that it became very annoying to listen to him... Clearly he wants to be a Vaas character but fails so bad.Gameplay: Best part of this game is how much variety there is in the gameplay. This is a survival game and you have to search throughout the city for items to craft your weapons and other items. There is even a leveling up system for both your weapons, agility, and survival abilities to unlock more perks, best perk of all is the drop kick. You can find blueprints throughout the game to help make even more interesting weapons and add boosters to them more powerful. The parkour system may feel wierd at first when your doing the tutorial mission based around it, after a while it becomes very fluid and responsive that you can pull off some very cool moments with the parkour. Melee weapons do have the same animations over and over again but killing zombies with them just never gets old that you just want to go through multiple killing sprees of zombies. Gunplay is honestly only ment for human enemies since the sounds of the gunfire will draw in zombies but the weapons are very well designed for either situation. At night time the game turns into a horror game that you have to run away from certain zombies that will almost instantly kill you. Side missions are more interesting than the main missions and you will spend a lot of time with it. The only problem with the gameplay is at the beginning of the game you don't have the most powerful weapons so they just degrade fast and takes forever to kill zombies.Conclusion: Dying Light is a very well made zombie survival game and should be played by every fan of these genres. The story isn't really something you will remember or you probably are gonna careless about but it still offers a thrilling experience. At the start of the game it may feel harsh on you for having weak weapons and stats but later on it pays off. If you have a group of friends to play with this game would be a good option since it is co-op and you can play through the whole story together.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,23653088,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Merishya292⛧Sleeping,"IMPORTANT: for expansion: on the main menu, go to ""PLAY"" then ""THE FOLLOWING""-Many people think after defeating the boss, ""That's it?"" NO IT'S NOT.just don't press ""CONTINUE"" when done with the main campaign.A simple description of this game would be ""Dead Island + Mirror's Edge = Dying Light""...But there's just so much in this game, since ""The Following"" got added, it's basically double as big as it was on release.Skill system: check / Melee: check / Firearms: check / Parkour: check / Zombies AND Human enemies: check.Dying Light Development Kit gives access to make your own maps, quests, weapons and items too!(If you know how to use blender 3D to make 3D models, you can make new items from the bottom up!)In the Expansion, The Following, there's a buggy, a drivable vehicle! new weapons, NPCs, places and quests!a solid 10/10 from me."
76561198007178612,Recommended,239140,35455063,Posted: 3 October,all,Diarmuhnd,"i was surprised how much fun this was to play. Some of the parkour stuff really irrated me so i skiped it.it has a lot of value, especially when its on sale. Even has some PvP (optional). That surprised me.i got an easy 150+ hrs of fun from it, and i didn't even finish it yet. I am looking forward to going back and finishing it one day.watch some youTube vids, and you will see if its a zombie game you would like."
,Recommended,239140,28526171,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CobraChun,"Sooo i just finished the base game's main story for the 3rd time.Played it 110 hours on PS4 and now 50 on PC (will be a lot more tough).And there is nothing more i can say then this game is one of the best games i ever played.The free running is surprisingly smooth and the combat also.The looting, crafting, airdrops, random encounters, blueprints and 2 great open worlds there is nothing i want more then this!And the story is actually very good!What is rare nowadays.,,But then whe still have the following, i love the buggy part and this awesome new map, etc...But the end of the following's story damn... its really #%¥£$&€@!!!!!.However i would never play the following's story again mowing zombies down with the buggy is sooo awesome!!!So for me:- Dying light base game 11/10- The following 5/10"
76561198282905127,Recommended,239140,31056085,Posted: 10 April,all,Ophi,"Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced EditionThis game combine a few elements to make an unique and awesome result:FPS + Survival + Open world + Zombies + Parkour + a very well made storyTo survive, you'll have to explore the cities (big ones !) and find everything you can;) Zombies are everywhere ! You'll have to collect tools and weapons here and there, upgrading them to enhance damages.And the best way to avoid zombies' bites is.. To climb everywhere :D Running, jumping, climbing on houses and walls. This makes the game pretty amazing with a great sensation of freedom.You'll have to help other survivors in various quests and.. Your choice if you want to do play during day or night =)But once it's dark, the more dangerous it is; survive is not an option, you may find a safehouse to sleep and wait for the next morning if you're not a night bird.To conclude: one of the best zombie game (and playable in cooperation !)A must have !I recommand this game ;)"
76561197972486605,Recommended,239140,25891421,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,horridbloke,"It's like Dead Island, only good."
,Recommended,239140,14874008,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wray,"""Just wanted to remind you not to be playing heroes in the dark."""
,Recommended,239140,24537448,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Brand Frontier,"When this game was first announced, I had mixed feelings. I didn't know it was gonna be so DAMN good, but listen, the main story lost me. It was kinda corny, and could have been a lot better. The parkour, the buggy driving, the zombie killing, blueprints, and all that was absolutely amazing. It definitely exceeded my expectations. The Following was a perfect expansion pack, and all the DLC for Dying Light is worth every penny. I cannot wait for a Dying Light 2 and more DLC!If you enjoy zombies then definitely get this game! It really is a great zombie killing experience. It's even better when you're with friends and playing on the Nightmare difficulty! It's hard, scary, and you must have a level of teamwork. If you ever need someone to play with and you have a microphone, then feel free to add me. Dying Light is among the best horror zombie survival games ever made. Congratulations!"
,Recommended,239140,33653759,Posted: 19 July,all,Gears,Absoloutely ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,239140,19242637,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,chuckles n chestnuts,"Disclaimer: At the time of this review I have not yet beat this game but I am at about 80% completionDying Light is a seemingly well-put together game made by Techland (the same group that made the Dead Island Game(s)) which seems to have a lot of focus on the fine details of combat in a would-be zombie survival scenario (all of the different evade moves and the night time dangers for example).  And seems to pretty much be a different and improved upon version of Dead Island (albeit Dead Island is a different game and has a different gameplay feel and varied combat aspects from Dying Light).  Dying light, in my opinion, has a well thought-out focus on weapon-dealing damage systems as well as a functional and fairly easy to use inventory system (although I don’t like the fact you can’t reload your firearms in the safe zones so you can top off ammo but I digress).  The combat is fun and satisfying (I especially like the mortal kombat x like x-ray bone breaking crackly sound and visual effects when you hit enemies a certain way).  And the enemy reactions are what you would expect and were programmed very well in my opinion.  However some of the aspects I have noticed in Dying Light that I do not like are the facts that a lot of the other specialty weapons you obtain thru quest completions and upgrades seem very obsolete and awkward (for example the shield, yes I do like it, but I feel it has an extremely limited use in that it breaks too quickly).Also some of the combat moves in the upgrade skill tree seem somewhat clunky and confusing; such as the turn and evade and grapple perks although I found some use in them, they seem to negate their effects in that when I try to grapple I often get hit in the process which is what grappling is supposed to do (which is stop the attack).  I also think that some of the throwables seem kind of obsolete in that in times when you need them they seem underpowered and by the time you get upgrades for certain throwables your weapons are already doing enough damage (and you have firearms as well) that your throwables become somewhat obsolete (however molotovs and explosives seem to be fairly effective across the board), however this is not to say throwables are completely of no use though and some players may find a need for them despite their seemingly underpowered aspect (and when I say throwables I am mainly talking about non-explosive/molotov throwabales/consumables).  Overall in regards to items I do like the diversity in what you can create and use to help you in your adventures across Harran(although sometimes the choices feel overwhelming at times).  And I really like how the firearms (especially the aspect on how ammo is acquired) are a nice improvement over Techland’s predecessor game Dead Island (but don’t get me wrong I still like Dead Island!).  And of course the parkour aspect of the game is very fun and immersive and very nicely done.  Overall I do recommend this game, but be warned, if you already have Dead Island or Dead Island Riptide this game may seem just like an upgrade so purchase it at your own will.Below is my pro/con breakdown:Pros:*Nicely done combat system that feels satisfying (them breaking bones/fracture/crackly sound effects when you hit enemies a certain way are a nice touch).* Good atmosphere that leaves you in a state of fear and on your toes most of the time (night/day differences in difficulty...literally and figuratively).*Good inventory system and overall layout for ease of use in regards to your HUD and upgrade capability (no more workbenches!  Some of you might get that reference).*Good graphics and nice touches and details here and there throughout the game (such as the little animations when you pick up items and search objects for items).*Well done and engaging cut scenes that add to immersion and overall storyline that are an improvement upon Techland’s previous title(s).*Diverse (but somewhat seemingly obsolete) choices in weapons and utility items for the player to utilize (this is both a pro and con).*Parkour in a zombie survival game (yes this is a pro on its own, and I think you will agree if you play it or even watch it being played).Cons:-Somewhat clunky upgrades in terms of functionality and practical use (the grappling move and turn-around-and-evade upgrades seem kind of obsolete as well as other upgrades/perks at times).-Somewhat obsolete item craft/upgrade options that feel clunky and just of no use at times (this is somewhat optional depending upon playstyle but I felt it was worth noting as a ‘con’ due to all the options. Which there seems to be a lot of, not implying many options are bad though, but when you have so many and your current weapons do just find it seems somewhat obsolete as well as some of these consumable/throwables seem underpowered as mentioned in my description above).-Diverse (but somewhat seemingly obsolete) choices in weapons and utility items for the player to utilize (this is both a pro and con).-Some classical glitches that make a return from Techland’s previous titles (you either laugh at them, or hate them) glitchy ragdolls and zombies at times along with some other minor glitches here and there but it’s not really that bad to be honest but some people might be annoyed by them (personally I get a good laugh out of most of them).Rating Breakdown:-1 clunky upgrades-.5 items seem obsolete in comparison to other weapons-.5 too much choices aren’t necessarily a good thing at times and can be clunky if not implemented properly((out of 10 (10 – 2 = 8) = final rating of 8/10)I give this game an 8/10, it’s a pretty decent and very fresh experience (the parkouring REALLY helps make it the overall experience it is) IF you don’t own another game similar to it (like Dead Island).  In closing, I recommend it IF you don’t own another game similar to it, but if you do, I still think the game is a decent buy."
,Recommended,239140,19531273,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"After 45 hours of being a citizen of Harran and completing the story and all story-related sidequests I put my police baton and machete to rest for a while - only for the time of writing this review! This is due to the fact that 25% of the achievements still remain - I have yet to spend more time with multiplayer as well as completing the challenges Dying Light offers.If you do not know what Dead Island is:Dead Island was Techland's first zombie FPS title back in 2011. While Valve's Left 4 Dead franchise put down the basics of this genre Dead Island was certainly a great boost - if you think about it developer companies create their rip-offs left and right nowadays.DI featured an open world environment with lots of missions to complete, 4 protagonists to choose from, craftable / upgradable melee weapons and TONS of zombies. All set on a tropical environment where all hell broke loose once an unknown virus had been released.The story mode could be played by up to 4 players and fighting the horde of walkers included some RPG elements - blueprints helped us modify our melee weapons (mainly adding elemental damage to every swing) and killing yielded us experience points; once a new level was attained we could pick from lots of skills - all divided up into 3 skill trees.The game had a long story but with mediocre characters and pretty banal dialogues. Still, it was very good and the story continued in a stand-alone expansion called Dead Island Riptide.If you know what Dead Island is:Dying Light offers the ultimate Dead Island experience! We can finally do all kinds of parkour techniques and by doing so reach the top of just about every building. This is something I missed from Dead Island - I did figure out how to jump on to vans (from a car) but it was pretty annoying that no climbing was possible. Later in the story we receive a grappling hook that further eases the movement to the point where it is almost too easy to escape!However, Dying Light features some pretty nasty undead creatures called the Volatiles. They only appear at night and can almost outrun our hero - they run and climb very fast and spitting deadly acid towards us is also in their repertoire. So, don't think for one sec that climbing makes the game very easy - there are some challenging side missions that primarily focus on nighttime adventures. Of course, during nighttime we can barely see anything - our quick sense allows us to see the Volatiles even through walls.The story: Finally, we have one! Our hero, Crane, works for a government agency that drops him into the quarantined zone to find out who stole some secret files from them. There are 2 groups of survivors waging war against one another and Crane is about to make friends with both of them. While co-op gameplay allows us to roam the world in groups of 4 everybody looks like Crane - there's just one hero this time but more decent writing went into the game so we finally have a crazy protagonist such a story deserves. Also, human enemies are also good at fighting with melee accessories so you'd better buckle up and prepare!Getting XP in a game has never felt better! Dying Light - similarly to its predecessor - gives us 3 skill trees. However, all 3 can be upgraded parallelly as depending on what we do yields us different types of XP. Completing missions helps us achieve a high Survivor level while fighting zombies increases our Power level. You are just running around climbing / sliding / using grapple hook but not really fighting anybody or doing a mission? Don't worry, your Agility is definitely getting better! The game dares you to play at night as not only are you stronger but gaining XP is doubled this time.Goodbye, workbenches! Yes, you read it right: crafting weapons is now done on the go. Of course, you still need to find a place where you are not bothered by walkers but there are numerous safe houses you can unlock - or you can just get to the rooftop of a very tall building. Also, there's no rage this time but getting closer and closer to the bottom of each skill tree makes you pretty strong without it. If you want the hardest challenge you can choose a higher difficulty level and pick nighttime for all the parkour challenges!Oh, and there are no cars, either, but since the roads are littered with debris and crashed vehicles who would want to cruise the highways when you can just look around and see how beautiful the game is? Sound design is excellent and the lighting / water effects are pretty cool. Severing the limbs of the walkers was already present in Dead Island but now we can see some changes done to the torso of the victim. Character faces also look better and now there are more variations as there are many NPCs asking for favours.Dying Light is an awesome game! Disposing the world of zombies is the most satisfying I have ever experienced in this genre! The clever fighting system, the on-the-go crafting feature and a fully realistic day-night cycle make this game a memorable experience. The story is also much, much better: not Oscar worthy but some scenes will make you remember.I look forward to Dying Light's expansion, The Following, and hopefully Techland will pick up Hellraid and finish it next year (or the also cancelled or indefinitely-put-on-hold Dead Island 2)."
,Recommended,239140,25567353,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NG,Pros:-Superb story and missions-Excellent Gameplay-Top notch graphics-Keyboard/Mouse or Controller-Achievements-Soundtrack is good-Acting is good-DLC is absolutely amazing with drivable vehicles added to the gameCons:-Some character make you want to shoot them-Your work are absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sOverall a 9/10 experience
76561198053561902,Recommended,239140,21085727,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,StarryWarrior,"So I just got the season pass to get The Folllowing and the other new DLC today. I loved the original game, me and my boyfriend are currently in a two person game.This is a normal difficulty game.  Currently we're still in the slums (back tracking for sidequests) We discovered first off, you run a TON faster, it's almost like you have a natural speed boost, just without the stamina boost to match. We've also discovered that if you're in different outfits your character moves slightly different when standing still. The Ninja has a tigher, smaller posture, like you're ready to bolt off the nearest building and end up 3 blocks away. The Urban Explorer makes you look angrier, darker and well... angry just fits his tone to the character.  (Yes, we're the kind of nerds to notice the random crap like this xD)Also, GRAPHICS, HOLY CRAP GRAPHICS! It's smoother, cleaner, prettier, the weather system REALLY shows. you can see individual rain drops hitting the ground/buildings/assorted random objects, the wind is cleaner, very realistic, the wind rustling through the trees matches beautifully.  The runners have an upgraded programming that makes them more intelligent (to a degree in terms of where they can climb) and... they seem faster and more aggressive. Alright... tried night mode, and whoever is in charge really needs to evict the new neighbors... They're quiet rude. It's changed a bit, the night stalkers are faster, meaner, deal more damage, come in larger numbers, summon larger hoards of volatiles and have gotten uglier. Not to mention, they're much harder to kill... I got stupidly lucky and managed to kill one from the back with 2 shots from the Golden Double Barrel but that seemed to have been a fluke and it took 10 shots for the next one. You either find the sweet spot, or you run out of ammo trying to find it. Make sure you're stocked up on night vision boosters, not being able to see now can be a death sentence when before it was just a minor annoyance to accidentally fall off a building.The merchants now have pictures of every item they have for sale, so if you're looking at buying a katana you can see what it looks like. The new guns, we've so far found a golden double barrel shotgun (2550 damage) that will happily take out small groups of zombies, only downside is it only has 2 shots per load, so it's a slower weapon but the damage and destruction it causes are so worth it. Just as a side note on the shotgun... When you get this weapon, find a group of like 20+ zombies and just start shooting into the crowd, the reload is so fast if you're far enough away (about 20 or so meters) none of them can get you and you turn the entire street into jelly. The gun my boyfriend got is the Advanced Military Rifle (274 damage) which is replacing his Camo Military Rifle (137 damage) he can't stop raving about the damage increase and how it seems more accurate from the hip while moving. The Golden German Pistol (331 damage) similar accuracy and handling to the original German pistol but with more damage and a bit more accurate. Reload is similar to the regular German Pistol. The Engraved Semi-Auto Shotgun (2550 damage) rapid fire compared to the Golden (8 shots vs. 2 for Golden) not as good as the Golden Double Barrel it seems as there's a definite accuracy difference between the Golden and Engraved, Engraved having a slower reload time. But overall the shotgun has had some MAJOR improvements and will definitely be used more than it was in the original game where you could be 2 meters away and still miss the zombie... The Advanced Police Rifle (368 damage) basically the sniper rifle for Dying Light (at least so far without testing the crossbow yet) watched my boyfriend pull off a ~75m headshot on a zombie. Two shots to kill a runner, the handling when sniping ""is sweet"" (his words haha) but if you've got something up in your face it's just like the old police rifle but with more damage, awkward and misses some times. So far, if you find a gold colored weapon, it'll most likely just become your new best friend.(Note: None of these weapons have been upgraded or adjusted in anyway via weapon upgrades)It was a bit of a shock to see the bow AND arrows for sale at any shop when we still haven't completed BOZAK, but.... they still suck for damage, accuracy, fire rate... it's a nice novelty weapon but otherwise... meh.  Looking forward to finding the crossbow. As for the zombies, the overall intelligence and aggressiveness of them seems to have been overall increased, nothing too crazy like ""oh-my-god-I-ran-into-a-group-of-5-or-more-zombies-and-died-instantly"" more like their ""eyesight"" got better and the crowds are larger, a LOT larger....  Random note, discovered you can put dents in the roofs of cars, chop down stop signs, do basic vandalism and the like."
,Recommended,239140,28949888,Posted: 2 January,all,Piper Chapman,"GOOD NIGHT, GOOD LUCK."
,Recommended,239140,14427027,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gigansky Gopnik,Openly lets you break a crying child's neck*snap*10/10*snap*would break childrens necks some more*snappitysnapsnap*
,Recommended,239140,21112695,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Outcast™,They turned one of my favorite games into a gory and fun masterpiece. Get it ASAP.
,Recommended,239140,14190929,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"It plays like Dead Island during the day. In fact it's so exactly like Dead Island it's almost indistinguishable, with the exception of the parkour. At night everything goes to hell and the difficulty gets ramped up. You can unlock safe zones to sleep in, there's lockpicking, all in all it comes off as sort of a Assassins Creed (parkouring around) meets Bioshock (the macho-jerk character and storyline) meets Dead Island (gather/quest/craft/kill zombies), while your character does dumb plot-related stuff that you probably won't agree with but can't really control.There's a skill system with many branches to unlock, and your at-first clumsy character will soon be flipping over zombies like a pro.My only gripe, aside from the storyline being on rails (which I don't personally care about because I'm more interested in gameplay, which is solid), is that you can kick a zombie 1000 times and your foot will never wear out, break, whatever. Hit a zombie with a metal pipe 10 times and it's broken, and if you don't quickly repair it, it'll soon break. Your foot, meanwhile, outlasts pipes, knives, table legs, shovels, you name it. If you're going to put weapon durability in a game (which I don't like; do you have any idea how freaking hard it is to break a metal baseball bat? Especially with bones?) then you need to extend it to everything, and fists should sprain, tendons pop, all that, and your foot would break long before a metal pipe. Because of this, until you upgrade your skills the endless kicking and punching can make your character come off like some kind of inexhuastable, but physically very weak, Bruce Lee."
,Recommended,239140,14233701,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,StrangeBones,"The day night cycle is pretty cool as the night makes things freakishly dangerous, but earn double exp.Parkour rivals Assassins creedCombat is pretty insane at times and keeps you on your toes.The game grabs at your fight or flight response, as some fights are better left alone.The big downsides to the game so far are:- Poorly optimized so game will freeze, stutter, or get massive FPS drops all over the place, as well as a grainy film.- Bland characters- wonky controlsI would love to continue the game, but the poor optimization kills my urge to play it."
,Recommended,239140,26234955,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: This game came out during the Wave of Zombie Games riding on the push the walking Dead and that Brad Pitt movie. Anyways I have always enjoyed a good Zombie survival game and when you mix it with RPG elements I can't pass up a game like this.Combat Mechanics: The game mixes the usual cast of cobbled together survival melee weapons like baseball bats, axes, and police batons, with the ranged option of guns and homemade explosives. You also have skill tress to increase your ability to survive and even hide from enemies. Now lets add in Parkour. Instead of having to rely on dead sprinting for doors and jumping around mindlessly the game blends in a set of basic to advanced parkour techniques that gives the game a certain verticality (excuse the pun). It makes navigation fluid and more realistic than not being able to climb onto a building to run away.Social Mechanics: Slim to None. Story is straight forward. Most enemies are scripted to engage you in combat without conversation. Usual Evil dude quips over the handheld radio, standard survival dialog.Final Thoughts: It is a breath of fresh air in the mass arrival of zombie games. It blends open world with crafting, parkour, co-op challenges, and cliche enemy bosses into a game worth playing for the freedom of Survial."
,Recommended,239140,33630948,Posted: 18 July,all,𝗗𝗔𝗡𝗡𝗬𝗕𝗢𝗬,"When people said ""best zombie game ever made"" is not a joke. This game has not only a mature well made representation or way beyond representaion of this genre. But the fact that is mixed with an outstanding writting and voice acting with a well made open but cohisive world in whish they are inter connected with a massive well toughout map. Is something to be mindblown about.When I finally finish this game in it's entierly. And I am incredibly stunt, on how well made it's everything. Every story from the main stories, side stories, are well presented/represented and not only intuitive, but, just well made as a whole.Every story/mission is not borring neither, nor stupid withouht no sense to be. From the Slums, Old Town and The Fallowing. All small detail and big obvious details are just well made and have a reason. That is why this zombie game is so outstanding, because is something that has a unique world with a unique formula that is very rare in whish it has made it's own mark.A truly ultimate zombie experience. Dying Light.P.s. So long."
,Recommended,239140,14438287,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,"Met a dude which was scavenging for supplies in a shop. I began a dialogue with him, and soon the dialogue revealed that he was clearly very mentally ill, having seen and done a lot of terrible things...Crane then responded with ""You must be fun at parties"", thus ending the dialogue...What is wrong with Crane?"
,Recommended,239140,28539051,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,WebsterHyperion,"Best parkour, zombie slaying, gun shooting game on the market."
76561198153462454,Recommended,239140,14562143,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Booker,The game reminds me of my childhood
76561197985584715,Recommended,239140,14219820,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Siruss,"Probably the first game in at least a year that actually warrents a $60 price tag.The game is COMPLETE. It has an entertaining story, with developed characters, and pretty decent amount of depth for the main story. There is emotions all over the place. Anger, humor, pity... It also progresses at a good pace. The challenges of starting, mid game, and end game are perfect. Harder zombies are introduced as you go along at just the right pace.For the most part the controls feel pretty natural. However at times (when zombies lunge forward, or when you are dropping on them from above, or trying to exexcute a ""finish"") they can be a tad clunky, leaving you unsure when you were supposed to time the button press or where you were supposed to aim.. One time it may work, but not the next.I'm not a big fan of climbing around. The early A.C. games were fun because it was innovative, but once it became manditory and forced, I didn't enjoy it anymore. This game has just the right amount of forcing you to climb and ""platform"" around. Enough variety that it is different, but not annoying. Also not annoying is the respawns. Once you go through an area, it is pretty safe. Although there is freeclimbing to pretty easily avoid the zeds, once you clear an area it is pretty safe for the remainder of the game. Some stragglers but you really feel like to accomplished something after a big fight.The weapons have some variety, and you can build a bit towards how you'd like to play with your weapons. I find the elemental additions to be a little more desired. 90% of the fighting is vs zombies, so some elements are pointless, and when you kill them you have to wait for the element to run its course before looting the body, or you will take damage. After the 1000th zombie, that's annoying.It has a bit of Farcry, mixed with a bit of Fallout, and Dead Island (from this studio).I love the ""Survivor Sense"". It's a small area radar that shows you things to interact with. Really nice mechanic so you aren't running around trying to loot things you already looted, or trying to find the right spot to open the trunk. It's one of those elements that makes the game run more efficient. Not hold your hand, but cut down on time wasting.Overall, I love the game. I honestly can't think of anything that I really DISLIKE about the game, but I do have some improvements that I'd like to see.1) The main characters have very unique faces. However everyone else in the game is very generic. I've seen this one character's face about 10 times (he looks like my friend so I notice). Also the zed models are the same way. Maybe 5 unique models for the most common zeds, and then 1 model for each specialty zed. All in all you're killing less than 10 models of zombie the entire game.2) Sometimes the zombies feel hard to distract. It's like only 10 can focus on something at a time, and the rest just stand there. When using a firecracker, I'd expect every zombie from sidewalk to sidewalk to come to it.3) The ""runner"" zombies can get annoying. These are the ones that can climb and chase you, and come when there is a loud noise. I like them to keep you on your toes, but sometimes they just keep coming, one by one by one seemingly forever. I just fought a pack, and I want to grab the loot and move on, but the runners keep on coming.4) I spent the last 8 hours doing side quests. Although I got some skills from levels, the money/weapons seems to just scale. So it's all relative. Theoretically you could beat the game with the same ease at lvl 5 as lvl 30. I guess the point is just seeing the content.5) I wish it wasn't such a linear story. I had hoped there would be at least 1 decision to make that would make a difference. It also wouldn't hurt to maybe have some factions or relations of some sort. No decisions, no factions, and just freerunning around doing random stuff is not as fun as other ""open world/sandbox"" games.6) Multiplayer... Coop is okay.. But the ""hunter"" thing, just a huge annoyance. My first night in the game, someone dropped in and we did the Vs. thing. He was actually a kind player and told me how to fight him. It was a decent fight, but I wanted to get back to my game. Before I could turn it off, ANOTHER player jumped in. Fought again. Then ANOTHER.. By that time I said screw it and just left the game. That's just insane.. The reward is minimal and the annoyance is through the roof.. Probably the only truely BAD thing I can say about the game.In conclusion, I'd like to say that this game has the polish of a real quality 2nd game of a franchise. Most times I see the first installment of a series and the best I can say is ""it has a bright future"", but this game is great RIGHT NOW AS IS. The next installment can just expand on this game, not worry about going back and fixing things."
,Recommended,239140,27741354,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SSC | KittenPrincess,"Amazing game! If you like parkour and you like to kill zombies, then this is a must have for you, it's basically a Mirror's Edge with Dead Island, the story is amazing, you do the main quests or side quests or parkour challenges and a lot more, all those are really fun to play specially playing co-op, you need to deliver things, you need to run, you need to survive, you need to kill the zombies, on daylight things are kinda calm you have some zombies there you craft weapons and kill them, but at night things gets complicated, all zombies runs like crazy after you and there's special zombies that only appears at nights, it's scary, good night good luck."
,Recommended,239140,14218555,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Csbears,"Your name is Crane and you are working for some people at a place called the Tower and they have given you orders to reboot the electric grid while the sun is setting....now for most that doesnt mean much but for you it means everything.  You need to reboot the grid before a select group of superhuman zombies who can only be described as nightmare fuel emerge from their hidey holes and rip off your ♥♥♥♥ing face like a swarm of zombie locusts.  You flip the switch and the screen completely locks up but the sound keeps going....whats going on? you hear a loud bursting of a door or a wall and what sounds like a boss monster.  You dont see any of that though because the screen is still fixated on the electric box.  Suddenly the game jumps to life and you see a zombie with a Rebar sledgehammer much like in Fallout swinging wildly towards you,  You have to kill this giant grizzly beast of a man on a time limit with the added benefit of him slamming down his sledge to attract more zombies. The only thing is that the game will periodically freeze frame while the game will play in the background.Thats right folks you will be in the middle of fighting a horde of zombies, be near a environmental hazard you dont want to stand in or jumping from rooftop to rooftop like a ghetto Batman and the game will say ""This looks like far too much fun for you to handle, let me just go ahead and kill you"" and lock up.  This is a debilitating, crippling, game killing bug that needs to be sorted out immediately for the game to even be playable.Besides that fact the game is incredibly fun to play and makes a effort to build the world and make it halfway believable and not weighing you down or forcing you through the story like Call of Dookie or the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game adaption of the movie Red Dawn, Homefront.  A lot of the models, textures, and game mechanics from Dead Island are copy pasted into the game but it doesnt take away from Dying Lights right to have its own name.  Aside from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bug this game can stand on its own and not pay any mind to the people who say its just Dead Island 1.5.I would put this game as a must buy for anybody who is a loot ♥♥♥♥♥, people who like sandbox games, or light RPG / combat mechanics.  I would sugguest that you just wait for the patch to get rid of the terrible awful frame rate drops before you pick it up so you wont rage quit after the game decides to freeze beside a soon-to-be exploding vehicle.  Good luck out there in Zombieland!"
76561198166620870,Recommended,239140,27696724,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"It's from the original devs of Dead Island (Techland) so there's some obvious similarities.Even without the dlc's, the game feels very complete. It's a nice mix of Far Cry, Mirror's Edge and The Forest. Very cool how the zombies change at night in order to adapt to take adavantage of the dark."
,Recommended,239140,30875403,Posted: 1 April,all,๖The Notorious™,Amazing game! Mirror's Edge + Zombies + Vehicles! + Multiplayer! Great game!
,Recommended,239140,35159329,Posted: 23 September,all,Whorus,"I like tough games, but this one is impossibly difficult  - even on normal setting. I've read online that it ""gets easier as you gain more equipment"" but I've lost interest. I'm sick of dying, I'm sick of unexpectedly being attacked even in ""safe"" zones by nightmare creatures. I'm even more sick of breaking 3-4 weapons completely just trying to kill a single zombie. It's stupidly difficult for no apparent reason.[EDIT] I'm changing my review to thumbs-up, rather than thumbs-down because despite all the above (which remains true) I can't stop coming back for more. It's like stockholm syndrome at this point, or that ex lover that's abusive but turns you on so much you'll take the hit.I can't help myself anymore. Find me online, I'll be there, rescue me ..."
,Recommended,239140,29540288,Posted: 28 January,all,KuroiSenko,"Dying Lightis like an enhanced version of Dead Island with parkour and a better overall gameplay.Story and gameplayThe campaign was pretty much a typical zombie movie plot where your, thugs' and military's different standpoint meet which is not necessarily a bad thing. It was executed quite nicely due to good build-up, pacing and voice acting. Additionally, even if most characters were easily forgettable, it had some interesting ones like an insane dude thinking that a scarecrow is his mom, a guy with alien logos on his shirt believing the Illuminati and collecting meteor pieces, or a pair of nerdy twins mocking Americans for not knowing the metric system.Harran is divided into two areas: slums and the old town. They're full of random interactions, challenges, side quests, traps, loot, places which you can turn into safe zones, quarantine areas and, of course, zombies! There are several types of infected: common biters (the slow test dummies), fast and agile virals, exploding ISIS members, spitters(are quitters), tough gym freaks wielding concrete blocks, L4Ds tank with cop uniforms, screaming zombie toddlers, night hunters (volatiles) and more.The parkour is so on point in this game that even the lack of fast traveling wasn't a problem for me, especially after unlocking the grappling hook. Same goes for the combat - it's so satisfying to fight hordes of zombies, cut off their limbs, frizzle or just bait them into groups and blow them up. You can get creative on that.Weapons/equipment/craftingDying Light has a really great and simple crafting system which turns looting into enjoyable process instead of a chore. Some of the blueprints consist of weapon upgrades (like adding electricity, fire or bleeding effects), potions, lockpicks, medkits, other utility stuff such as the grappling hook, throwable items: DIY explosions, flaming shurikens, molotovs, flares, firecrackers, etc. Melee weapons are enjoyable to use and can be modified, they also have a repair limit, hence, after reaching it you can only drop or sell them. Firearms, however, are kinda dull in this game. They perform their job quite nicely, though they're not that fun to use. I had the best time with a bow, which is an opposite of other guns - it's fun but weak as f*ck even with exploding/burning or electric arrows.Levels and skillsBy default, dying light has 3 skill trees: survivor (buffs, item blueprints, survival skills), agility (speed and stamina buffs, agile combat skills) and power (combat skills). The variety in skills is pretty big and having multiple levels makes the game more interesting.""The Following""An expansion which offers more than most sequels do these days:♦ Great main story continuation with amazing final boss battle♦ Huge country map filled with new content: new interactions, volatile hives, etc.♦ A modifiable buggy with great handling mechanics, fuel consumption, neat upgrade/repair system requiring car parts and. You can also mount other stuff such as a flamethrower, an electric cage, a mine dispenser, UV headlights, etc. There's also a new skill tree dedicated for vehicles which grants more assets and upgrades for your buggy.♦ New melee weapons and firearms (crossbow, SMG, semi-auto shotgun, etc.)♦ New zombies (Freaks of Nature)♦ Legendary skill tree♦ Many other small detailsOverall, this game is visually stunning, runs well, has a great storyline and gameplay, co-op and a mode where you can play as a zombie against other players. It may be a bit pricey but getting this on sale is a must.9/10"
76561197966448459,Recommended,239140,14206422,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gekko,"Was only suppose to play half an hour or so and then go watch a movie before bed, ended up playing 5 hours straight and ruining my next day at work.The game itself certainly is impressive, the main narrative is interesting and the side missions are surprisingly rich compared to other games. With surprising plots and twists that really keeps it interesting. This could however could also be down to random encounters (such as airdrops) that can turn a lazy stroll down the street to a gazelle race through the city or hide and seek that will have you scurrying around on all fours while waiting for whatever is hunting you to turn their backs.The main Zombies “biters” are little better then a nuisance if you are paying attention, the only time I have had real issues is when I ran smack into a hoard while being chased by “virals” which are infected living that can give you a run for your money, very 28 days later like. That and there are a lot spoiler zombies that will have you worried (Volatile) when the sun goes down.Had a very “Fun” moment where 2 people had joined my game just as it was getting Dark, we were pretty much playing Sandbox. Running around and bullying the “biters” laughing and comparing different ways of killing them and the few “virals” that interrupted us. (Coop makes it a lot easier as you can gang up on more powerful zombies and watch each other’s backs)This changed big-time however as the sun went down, we went from hunting to being hunted real fast. Trying to keep it together as a group when a hoard of virals are hot on your heals is both terrifying and hilarious at the same time, we ended up chased into an apartment complex which turned out to be a dead end. But thanks to great teamwork we actually held out till morning by holding a small apartment with one entrance, one person would heal and repair his weapons while lending an occasional kick while the two others held the Volatiles at bay with UV lights and everything from leg furniture to screwdrivers and wrenches.Most heart racing experience I have had in gaming for a very long-time, our elation at surviving however went south when we realised the battered and retreating Volatiles had been replaced by a hoard of zombies “biters” that swarmed the building we were in. Seeing your team being dragged down one at the time by a wall of dead flesh, before being pulled out of your corner and devoured was surprisingly enjoyable.Only real thing I can put my finger on is optimization, the game doesn’t seem to be 100% optimized and if you have AMD graphic card you might encounter some FPS drops that shouldn’t happen. Hopefully this will be addressed in patches.If not a 10/10 then defiantly a 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,25317625,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,indian street shitter,ruined my social lifeGave me severe depressionis good game
,Not Recommended,239140,14191039,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Zaliack,"Patch Update: Minor gains for AMD systems, however still can't recommend. Yes, the game can now be considered playable, however, AMD systems are not fully optimized yet, and will have trouble staying above 30 FPS while in the most demanding situations.Short video showcasing the minor gains from the patch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvb7zlFw5ks&feature=youtu.be~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Can't recommend this game for people on AMD systems.Running an FX-8350, 8gb Ram, Sapphire R9 290 (4bg VRam). Can't get the game to maintain higher than 25 FPS even with every setting turned off/low.  Through the tutorial the FPS was fine, but as soon as I went into the open world, it just fell apart. Just looking through some of the posts on reddit/other reviews, it seems to be mostly working fine with NVidia cards.Video contains a few minutes footage of the FPS tanking during relatively quiet gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69fsTLJw4oQEdit: For everyone whining ""OMG it's your hardware/viruses/NEED MORE RAM"" -http://imgur.com/DqHIjdMAs you can clearly see, the game just aint using what it's got available on my system."
,Recommended,239140,14548737,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Live Fast Eat Ass,The first game to have shooting of babies and not get attacked by the media
,Recommended,239140,29295983,Posted: 16 January,all,Siledas,"Solid, engrossing, highly polished and very addictive. The late game is a bit weaker than the early game, but plays very well with friends.Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,35434771,Posted: 2 October,all,Rouru,"Probably the best zombie game I've ever played. Great both solo and with friends. The combat is simple enough to learn quickly but really interesting with how you can move and use different wrestling moves on the zombies. I also love how guns are really strong like how they should be, but also a high risk to use because they attract faster stronger zombies.I also highly recommend the following dlc, it turns the game from an urban parkour area to a large countryside exploration place.Only downsides are that there's no character creation other than different outfits so if you play with friends you're all the same character, and the variety of enemies becomes rather lackluster once you've gotten used to them all."
,Recommended,239140,23982016,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,jfernandos,"I thought Zombie games were losing their cool, nothing new or impressive, franchises dying or becoming bad, lots of titles with the same logic. But this one has something that makes it addictive.10/10Positive aspects:-It runs great. The mobility system works really well, I remember playing it so much that I was walking on the street and felt like climbing a wall, the parkour gives you a sense of freedom rarely found in games, not as responsive as Mirror's Edge, but not buggy or glitchy.-Great scenarios and graphics. It has two different zones, slums and a richer part of city, It almost looks better than real life.-Short loading times.-Progression makes you wanna play more and more, the game is hard at times, and it takes some grinding to evolve by learning new skills and abilities, which you appreciate you when get and start using it more oftenly.-Many sidequests.Negative aspects:-Story isn't exactly original (but how could it be with zombies?), but characters, specially the protagonist is very well developed.-Zombies aren't original and there aren't many different kinds. However, during nigh they get really badass."
,Recommended,239140,14257184,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Randy Marsh,Found bakery named Left4Bread. Killed zombie baker with fire.nuff said
76561198028727077,Recommended,239140,25958427,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Canadez,Fans of Fallout will pick locks with ease
,Recommended,239140,21072005,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,CaptainStony,This game is a survival based game with loot elements.The gameplay is smooth .PROS:- nice gameplay- good story- different zombies- 2 different zonesCONS:- it would be nice if there was a block feature- story is short- you can`t stop a missionOverall it is a very good game and I realy like the gameplay.
76561198177546442,Recommended,239140,24755310,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,HazzaBuzz99,"Got it during the Summer 2016 sale, best game i've bought in a while.If you love killing zombies with practically whatever you want in an open world enviroment you'll love this. And the following, I find it a lot like The Walking Dead tbh. But night time, awwww mate, real intense even with the good weapons. Best to find a safehouse, coz night time is practially I Am Legend. Just a fantasic game. Co-op is great as well. Makes it a lot easier and real good fun. And to top it all off you can get old western style weapons. I just love having my revolvor.So if you can get it on sale definitely buy it, though its worth the full price."
,Recommended,239140,14236654,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Defender of Sexyness,"Of all the hyped up games over the past 12 months, Dying Light is the only one that has delivered. With zombies and parkour being 2 of my favourite things this game is a dream come true and excedes any previous zombie game ive played.-Amazing graphic detail-Solid parkour mechanics, very smooth movement-Zombies that are actually threatening and often risky to take on in a fight-In depth skill trees/abilities.-Huge crafting system with heaps of weapons, mods and upgrades-Night time gameplay is a rush of excitement and horror.The only thing i can really pick at for now is a couple performance bumps every now and then. After a bit of tweaking its hardly noticeable and still runs smoothly.Awesome game. 13/12"
,Recommended,239140,17045411,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Durango,"A mix of Dead Island, CS/Call of Duty and Assassins Creed. Crapped my pants every 3 min. during the night and in the sewers. 10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,239140,32671311,Posted: 23 June,all,Hisoka :-),"love this game.I spent almost whole day just to play this game.everything in this games is masterpiece.Pros:-Parkour-There's special zombie that makes thing crazy(crazy zombies, tanker, etc)-Night become dangerous(zombies more active during night)Cons:-few people playing this games(idk why)"
,Recommended,239140,22877935,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,maria_kalista,"If I where a psychologist and I had clients with anger management issues I would definitely suggest playing Dying Light as there is no better feeling then kicking the krap out of zombies with your right foot. But since I'm not, I can only suggest you should play Dying Light as there is no better feeling then kicking the krap out of zombies with your right foot.It can be pretty challenging and it can be somewhat frustrating at times too but since my psychologist suggested to me I should play this as there is no better feeling then kicking the krap out of zombies with my right foot, I'll keep up with it. One of the best things I guess is that the game (somewhat) scales up with you, so not like Failout 4 where after few hours you, your skills and weapons are OP and there are barely any real challenges ahead, this game keeps pushing your limit(s). Which is really nice for a change. You get better (equipped) the game trows more difficulty at you.There actually is just one giant big problem with 'Dying Light' you cannot, not at all, nada, nuka, njet, not, niet, nicht, change or influence the narrative.  Would that have been the case I would have rated this a massive AAA++++++, now its only a massive AAA+++++.Oh, just one thing, you really, really should be aware off that once you start playing this, there is no better feeling then kicking the krap out of zombies with your right foot."
,Recommended,239140,31621698,Posted: 8 May,all,fatherboxx,"Imagine if Mirror's Edge had a great melee system and a metric ton of open world sandbox fun activities. Plus actually fun co-op and competetive multiplayer! Good! Now smear it a bit with awful sections where you need to use firearms in closed spaces and the usual sandbox weariness that kicks in after 25 hours.Really good difficulty settings - normal can still provide quite a challenge and frustration if you dont cheese (especially at night).All in all, a very polished experience, it is surprising how jumping and dropkicking zombies can feel fresh and satisfying for so long.Heavily recommend to buy the Ranger DLC so you have the bow from the start, being a Rambo is a way to go in this one."
,Recommended,239140,31377404,Posted: 26 April,all,MEDTOWIN,"Game is awsome as expected nice parkor graphics and everything just given the price of game it feels little less as game over for me in less than 50 hrs including all dlcs, side quest and almost every thing which you can find in the game. Now only be a zombie and all is there but game is farely over. So game is awsome!!!"
76561198182303154,Recommended,239140,17062575,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ricky,"From the start you will find the progression of the game absolutley mesmerizing.  The amount of survival and how the beginning of the story progresses, will keep you begging for more.  The problem arrises with the game when the player becomes just too overpowered.  When you stop fearing anything and start acting like spiderman with a grap hook, the appeal wanes heavily.  The continuity of the game suffers a lot near the end.  The multiplayer aspect is very tight but has a few loose screws when it comes to Be The Zombie.Overall I give this game a thumbs up but with some caution as playability and lack of good DLC content hold this game back a lot."
,Not Recommended,239140,14305448,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BEEEEEES,"Can be an enjoyable game, but not worth 60$ with all these problems.Parkour control is inconsistent to the point of insanity:-You can grab one ledge but not another identical ledge in a different location.-You can catch yourself from a 3 story fall on a ledge with your arms, but you can't walk up a tiny slope on certain natural terrain, rooftops, or tents.-No way to hang down from a ledge, which would be extremely useful for getting into many entrances, windows, and porches that have overhangs.-Climbing down has unacceptably horrendous control. You must hit back ('S' by default) to initiate dropping down to a ledge below you - BUT you have a tiny window of opportunity to hit forward ('W' by default) to grab the hand-hold you are trying to drop down to. If you hold the forward key just a little too long, you'll grab the ledge then immediately climb back up. If you hit it too late, you'll fall to your death. It's hard to explain how profoundly stupid the controls are for climbing down - and you will need to climb down from deadly heights many times throughout the game. Get ready to plummet to your death thanks to♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controls.-Parkour interactions with the environment in general are extremely hit or miss. Vaulting over low objects frequently plays the vault animation, but you don't actually vault over the obstacle. Sometimes you grab onto things, sometimes you don't. Just about the only thing that is consistent is leaping up to grab the top of level high walls.-Despite being an inconsistent, frustrating cluster♥♥♥♥, parkour is required throughout the entire game.Invisible walls with areas beyond that look like you should be able to reach them.Interactable locked doors everywhere! Who doesn't enjoy a good un-cancel-able animation where you character pushes futilely against a stuck door! They even have an indicator on them when you scan the environment with 'survivor sense' for interactable objects.Tons of film grain, visual blur, stuff that gets on your face and obscures your view with no way to shake or wipe it off - I mean these things hurt my eyes, AND THERE IS NO WAY TO TURN THEM OFF. Why developers? WHY! Why would you do this!?THE FINAL BOSS IS A QUICKTIME EVENT.""You are arbitrarily too exhausted to use that Grappling Hook skill you invested so much time in getting"" claims the screen as you sprint through a stage leaping, vauling, and leaping up hand-holds. Developers - that's laziest, most arbitrary, stupid thing I've seen in a while. I spent a long time to unlock that awesome skill and you just arbitrarily lock it in a situation where it would have been extremely useful to get around a tedious situation.Hit a zombie 20 times, your sword is broken. Oops, you can only repair this sword 2 times - hope you find something else you like to replace this one you lovingly crafted with the modifier you gathered materials for. I'm not even joking here. I get that the developers wanted you to keep on scavenging and I don't have a problem with that - but this is the most arbitrary, stupid way anyone could have come up with to create survival gameplay.All vendors sell everything for stratospheric prices, but stuff you sell nets a tiny pittance of is actual value. Like, selling something worth 20k might get you 2k - IF YOU HAVE THE PERK THAT IMPROVES YOUR SELL VALUE. Rediculous. Combine this with the fact that weapons wear out at a completely unreasonable rate and you are constantly playing inventory Jenga.You can carry infinity + 2 wires, alchohol bottles, tin cans, nails, weapon mods, plants... but you can carry 4 ANYTHING ELSE at the start of the game. Even with all the capacity perks unlocked, it's not nearly enough space for weapons and equipment. Pretty typical for the extreme inconsistency on display here.No map markers for the posters used to fast travel between the two maps. If you didn't play Dead Island, read a wiki, or just plain got lucky enough to notice this feature, you'd have no idea it even existed.Exact same enemies as Dead Island.There's a particular zipline over by the bridge that the devs put too low near some rocks, so you will be knocked off and probably fall to your death if you try to use that zipline.All the human enemies have superhuman reflexes and will deflect 99% of any weapons thrown at them with their tiny pocket knife or whatever they happen to be wielding. I really am not kidding or being dramatic here. Don't even try to use throwing weapons against human enemies, it really is pointless! Note that you have to CRAFT these throwing weapons, and there is no way to recover them once you throw them. What the hell devs?Human enemies are immune to damage while playing their 'duck to the side' animation. It doesn't matter if you are pounding your sledgehammer visibly into their nutsack - nothing happens because they are 'dodging'.Human enemies are inexplicably TOUGHER THAN ZOMBIES. LIVING HUMAN ENEMIES CAN TAKE MORE AXES TO THE FACE THAN A ZOMBIE.Human enemies are inexplicably immune to stun, and the descriptions on skills that are supposed to stun things don't make any mention of this at all.Decide you don't actually want to throw that item? Too bad, there's no way to cancel once you've wound up for the throw.Grappling sounds like a really cool perk, but activating it without taking damage is extremely inconsistent - like pretty much every other mechanic in this game. Sometimes you'll take damage, sometimes you won't, sometimes they'll just grab you anyways. Oh and by the way, you can't just grapple an enemy whenever you want, they have to be charging at you, attacking you (you may or may not take damage trying to grapple mid-attack - who knows!), or whenever the hell else the game randomly decides its going to allow you to grapple something. You have extremely poor control over where you fling zombies with a grapple, so it is often difficult to hurl them into environmental hazards like spikes - which is the only point of Grappling in the first place.All guns have this bizarre 1-2 second pause before you can fire again anytime you get hit or after you reload. Hey guess what? There are extremely time-limited events where you have to use a gun - and all those un-cancelable 'pauses' add up fast.For a main character that can manage such superhuman feats as scaling the side of a 10 story building by grabbing windowsills and literally throwing himself up to the next hand-hold or hanging for eternity from a ledge without ever tiring out - your character inexplicably gets out of breath by swinging a lead pipe a few times. You run out of combat stamina rediculously fast in this game. Two-handed weapons are practically unusable for this reason until you get very, very far into the combat skill tree.Lots of unskippable cutscenes, dialog, segments where your character is having seizures and moves at a snail's pace (think gears of war radio conversations).Immediately after vaulting off an enemy, your view is locked to horizon-level, so you can't look down to see where you are going to land. This is extremely annoying, as one of the more useful features of vaulting is that you can land on enemies to knock them down, and the 2-handed weapon mid-air smash requires a certain amount of fall time so you need to not be over an enemy as you're trying to activate them or you won't fall far enough to activate the skill.There are multiple areas that infinitely spawn zombies all around you out of thin air, right in front of your eyes. You literally see them pop into existence.The visual effect of 'Survivor Sense' is pretty annoying + there's no way to turn it off + you will be using it A LOT.Lots of cutscenes where the big villain is right in front of you, you have a weapon (possibly a gun) right in your hands...and you are forced to stand there like a stump in a cutscene while he monologues at you.Lots more, but I'm out of characters."
,Recommended,239140,35494768,Posted: 5 October,all,Skullzcrusherz,"i love this game. its got drama:O it's got scarey freak outs :O it's got mad insane stuff. and it got alot to do than just the missions and main game.it's a blast kickin zombies@$$ , get a fun group of cooper's and you be haveing some of the funniest times ,make yourself single and just go wild ,take your time look around find flags and gold little statues look for blueprints and little hidden mini games ,i had very hard times in some areas and never be scared of  the *your dead* lol i cant tell y'all how many times if ran away from hunters and fell off cliff or hide cuase i was scared ,the game is replayable and with 10 dlc's(free) whats not to love , the events or awesome ,well gota say>GOOD NIGHT GOOD LUCK <thank you for reading my review.:)"
,Recommended,239140,28884039,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yolo Swaggins,"You never forget the first night. Me and my friend was playing this game at 2am during a school night (♥♥♥♥ing yolo mate), and we were having fun screwing these slow♥♥♥♥♥zombies... the sun started setting and the npcs warned us to get back (now we hadnt seen videos or anything about this game so we were completly blind) but what was the worse that could happen? The zombies got stronger and scarier... and those volatile, they can parkour and runt twice as fast as a player... we were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ our pants and running for the nearest safe zone barely avoiding the volatile zombies. I can remember us first running into that safe zone and looking back seeing the volatile zombie a millimeter behind be almost grabbing me just as i entered the safe zone... You never forget the first night."
,Recommended,239140,14200816,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Draike2590,"I didn't go into this one expecting much, regardless of my time put into Dead Island, I could never bring myself to finish it, it just felt.. well, wrong. Dying Light soon changed that expectation as I was jumping from rooftop to rooftop, electric shiv in hand, being chased by a group of particularly nasty Virals.Gameplay wise, the addition of Parkour to what is fast becoming a stale theme adds a whole new dynamic, and against some of the nasties you come up against you're going to need it. It's entirely possible to stealth past hordes of the undead, only picking off the odd one or two who are blocking your goal, or even luring them away using the ingame crafting system.The skill system adds a good amount of character progression and customization, offering three different trees which all level up individually.The melee combat has a nice flow to it, transitioning from swipes and swings to crushing downwards blows, and each weapon has it's own handling style. Whether a sturdy length of pipe or a chunk of concrete and rebar pried from one of Harran's larger undead beasties, the results are satisfying, with all the right gruesome in all the right places.Graphically, everything set to high is netting me a Frame Rate of around 55 FPS, which, reading some of the other views is not as common as everyone would like, hopefully this will be rectified in a future patch. I generally expect a lower quality in open world games due to the amount going on at once, but I was truely surprised by what I was met with. Highly detailed environments and some great character design, though finding 5/7 zombies in a small pack all wearing the same shirt is a little strange, we'll just pin it down to a local football match and carry on shall we?If I had any major gripes so far, they'd probably be focused around the co-op aspects. It's mentioned there are 7 runners left, so why do we all play as the main character from the Single Player campaign?I've had some noticable issues around the cutscenes while playing with friends too, occasionally one of them will jump a few lines ahead of the dialogue from the NPC, causing the cutscene to end early and leave others wondering what happened. Hopefully things like this could be straightened out in the future, they're certainly not game breaking, but can detract from the experience.Overall, I've been pleasantly surprised by Techland's latest entry to their zombie stab-em-up, and look forward to playing it more when I don't have to be in work in a few hours. With a few patches and a tidy up here and there, it looks like we could be off to an amazing start to 2015."
,Recommended,239140,20132925,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,vital,"SPOILER FREE REVIEWAs a huge fan I am of zombie games and survival games, this one definetly takes my top 1.This one will give you the shiversIntroduction to the gameDying Light is a survival/horror game based on Crane, the main character and a GRE operative whose mission is to retrieve a document containing valuable info about an epidemic disease which converts humans into something, that was supposed to be recovered by a agent known as Rais, leader of one of the two factions in the city.Pros and Cons+ I expected the game to be another Dead Island, turns out I was wrong. The combat system variety depends on skills that you gather by fighting through zombies, which is important depending on a players style when dealing with a enemy.+ Massive arsenal of weapons, from knifes to machetes, from machetes to axes, from axes to swords, from swords to King Arthur's meme sword.- During my runs through the Slums, I have encountered some texture bugs where I could see through the building. It wasn't much of a deal but still deserves to be pointed out.+ Developers have updated the game with free content during the year.- Some DLC's are either weird or to much of a challenge for the community.+ Expansion pack is coming out in case you think the game needs more.+ A pretty big map, fully lootable, including lockpicking, hidden caches, and puzzles.- Overpowered enemies at some stages.+ Easy crafting system, not much materials like in Dead Island. You get a blueprint and there's a chance you alredy have everything to craft it.+ Great fun in co-op after the ""Be the Zombie"" expansion.+Really good story- FPS drops at some points, but doesn't affect gameplay much.- Toxic communityOverall:Dying Light is a very good horror/survival game with a enormous size which promises a great succes for the developers to keep bringing new content to such a terrific game.Final rating:Despite the FPS drops and some other not quite game breaking points I would rate DL9.25/10"
,Recommended,239140,20201993,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Redoholic,A zombie kid was running towards me as I walked into an apartment and started screaming like Justin Bieber.10/10 would play at night again
,Recommended,239140,18418665,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,HuskyD.,"This game hands down is one of the greatest open world zombie games and open world parkour games I have ever played.This game takes the best elements from the games that are commonly known: Mirrors Edge for the Parkour, Dead Island for the customized weaponry to fight the zombies, and some elements of Far Cry 3 with the open world features.Dying Light is easily one of the most enjoyable zombie games I have ever played and for that I give this game easily a  10/10 Rating."
,Recommended,239140,22918847,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Mooxykins,"Extremely enjoyable game. The gameplay, graphics, storyline, monsters, co-op are all pretty amazing. It was also creepy enough to get me freaked out in the night gameplay so co-op was really nice to have someone else to get scared with. I played through most of the game in co-op unfortunately did not finish the game completely from losing progress from a reinstall but 10/10 would play this game again."
76561198003918793,Recommended,239140,14493230,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Stoffe,"Reaching 100% in all game aspects this is my final review of Dying lightA TL:DR at the end of this reviewSetup NotesMy setup isnt high-end but i can still play this game without any problems if i set my graphics to the best performance mode and even on that the game looks really good and beautiful.My setup is:Intel Core i5 CPU 750 @ 2.67GHzXFX Radeon HD 5770 HDMI 1GB4 Gb RAMThe StoryThe story is interesting and the main characters are not easily forgotten which means the one who did the storywriting did a good job. With various problematic scenarios such as encounters with Rais as the antagonist. The more you get into the story the more you get to dwell deeper into the challenges he always throws at you (as the bad guy he is) but doing the side-missions you get more information about how Rais was before the epidemic which is some cases you feel a bit of sympathi about him but yet hate him for the psychopatic ♥♥♥♥er he is.The story is also interesting as they made it pretty good with showing several scenarios which would probably happen if this was for real too, there is much twists with people you will get attached too and which will meet horrible fate's where you are the witness for it. The protagonist (Kyle Crane) also responds almost in sync with how i would feel and respond especially how the mains story started and how it progresses when the truth is starting to surface.GameplayThe gameplay is really fun. its a nice balance between fighting and running as different scenarios requires different tactics. sometimes there is a fight you cant win(you could try go YOLO on some of them) so you need to run past them and there is time when you cant run from a fight and need to battle it out to get past them (Example: Inside of a barricaded house searching for supplies and some walkers is coming in from the only entry to the house).The quests are pretty decent, some character are easily forgotten (im talking about side quests) and some arent and a few of the sidequests you complete will reveal some additional story and it could be of anything like the outside world's current state and view of this epidemic, your enemies backstory which could question if they really are a bad guy (Rais will always be a psycho♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the one's working for him) and even story of your own escape from that place.Although after i have played this game all through then i want to add that the feeling against zombies being scary and dangerous at first quickly disappears as for getting somewhere about lvl 5-10 in agility and power makes you a bit overpowered and at the end game you can almost one-shot everything that moves.Combat and levelsThe combat system is pretty balanced, adds to the difficulty with the stamina system that drains pretty fast. and also that your weapon have durability that also drains and in a tight situation where you're out of stamina and your weapon is broken (and you need to fix it) can be your first death.Combating other survivors(Rais men) are also a challenge. When you get to higher levels in power then you can kill almost without a problem but it's countered by more enemies will be present as more deadlier zombies will show up (Runners, Frogs, Hazmat's, Bombers, Demolishers etc.)The leveling system is quite fair too as you dont progressToo Fastand you also level up in 3 areas and at a different speed depending of how you playAgility- You get experience by running and doing more parkour moves, Skillpoints in these area generally decreases the limit to your parkour and will make you run,climb and regain run-stamina faster as well as unlocks new active moves such as, vaulting over your enemies, sliding as well as adding combat mechanics for those moves (slide --> LegBreaker)Power- Fight zombies to become better,Tankier and stronger. Also unlocks new attack moves for you to use, also after some levels it will increase your damage and give you more stamina to work with in combat.Survivor- Typical all around skilltree where points improves generally your survival outside and gives you new possibilities to craft new items which will help you out. also gives you some skills like better prices at store's, craft boosters (which are op imo) etc etc.The night gameplayThe nights in dying light also changes the gameplay style you have to adapt for survival. ""nightmares"" comes out at the time and you must play with more caution else everything is coming at you. Hell several when i managed to avoid them and stumble across a normal zombie is just beg for my life and hope the ♥♥♥♥er doesnt make to much noise so the nightmares notice me.But after a while when you get used to the ""game rules"" of the night it doesnt get very scary, you just have to be more careful when running around as you unlock more safehouses which means you can easily escape the nightmares and get rid of the pursuit. You can still easily die due to minor mistakesand nightmares are still something you want to avoid but as you know how they act and how you should counter-act it then you can run around almost freely and only to notice that if you screw up once then that will be the end of you if not you figured out something real fastZombie ModeZombie mode is fun and entertaining, it's quite balanced as the zombie you play as is fragile as hell (1 or 2 hits and you're dead) and if you're caught from a UV flashlight of a human player then you are pretty much screwed if you dont manage to fall back (Some active abilities helps you with that).This means the player who plays the zombie must adapt to an assassin type of gameplay and try to isolate or catch a human player who has let his guard down. Some abilities such asthe spitis just what it sounds like, you spit then it explodes after a short delay and the effects of being caught with the spit is like fromleft 4 dead zombieThe boomerand hoping the little chaos you create will open up an opportunity to catch one in the chaos.You have your own set of a skill tree as a zombie which gives you new active abilities as well as upgrades to them.To find a game as the zombie is quite hard as people have set up internet lobbies but leaves the session as soon as one joins, which i dont really get as if you dont want to get invaded you can still turn it off while still having a co-op game publicTL:DR+ playable with the lower requirments (still good graphics)+ Combat system is fair,fun and satisfying for each kill+ Parkour bruh+ Good balance with running and fighting for survival (depending on the situation)+ The night forces you to a different playstyle (if not you're going YOLO-Mode)+ Leveling system doesnt progress to fast but not too slow+ Good and interesting story as it progresses+ Levels are well made and polished+ Side-Quests are interesting and some of them adds insights to the Storymode+ Finally Difficulty is here (Hard Mode)- Getting a game as the zombie is hard- After some hours in the game the night gameplay doesnt get very ""scary""- Survivor's Sense is a bit overpowered but yet extremly helpfull (not accounting Hard mode)- cant say there's much replayability (hopefully the season pass will add more good content)- Gets pretty easy after some levels in both agility and powerThis is the final version of the review and will not be further updated until more content has been implemented."
76561198057730212,Recommended,239140,30366109,Posted: 6 March,all,RicoSuave$$,"This DLC made the whole game for me,Run the ♥♥♥♥s over! The base game game was cool but i wanted more...The Fallowing was a great finisher,Highly Recommended.And ffs add a giant swing bar saw (for the buggy)or chainsaw to game! Thank you! Happy Gaming!"
76561198064106555,Recommended,239140,14409882,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,mrorange,"Short status about Dyling Light. After 20 hours in the game I have to say I am very happy that I bought it, even for the full price.I feel like the money was very good invested. The game truly plays like a sort of new generation games.Great graphics, a lot to do with story and side quests, excellent controls and perfect upgrade system.This game is very bloody and might not be for everyone. Especially people from Germany might think it is too hard for them or at least their Governement thinks it - just kidding, guys ;).The game is totally motivating: I do not only want to finish the main quests but also explore all those side quests. My motivation feels similar like in Skyrim.I feel like I am going to have some more hours fun in the Single Player, after which I will try the MP and hope that it is at least similar exciting.As the tip on the iceberg the most amazing 3D vision community developped an excellent fix (DHR - many thanks, a lot of Kudos), so that you can now fully immersive in  Zombie cutting.If you like zombies, parcours games, FPS, nice graphics and a lot of core and thrilling moments, you will love this game.At the moment I do not see any negatif about this game. Even the jumping gets more precise and easier after a while.I rate this game after my 20 hours playtime with 8,5/10."
76561197991756666,Recommended,239140,20621455,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,nerk hayze,"GOOD GAME, BEAUTIFUL TO LOOK AT,ATMOSPHERIC MUSIC..you play & think ""did this happen""?-Crisp graphics,-in depth crafting system,-fast travel not available (you had to run from SAFE-HOUSE to SAFE-HOUSE),-if you would compare favourably that FAR CRY 4 was not an urban open world, THEN THIS IS an urban open world,-I particularly enjoyed the soundtrack..very mature choice, making the game feel like a series on Television-very friendly, likable narrative-interaction with the world was very high, you could interact all over, great replayability-Good story, MULTIPLAYER TENDS TOWARDS CO-OP,-steady flow of DLC-Thenew homefrontworld to be something like this (only here there are ""MOSTLY"" zombies)http://store.steampowered.com/app/223100/I liked it more than I thought I would.Talk of ""Dying Light 2"".100%recommendedGame On."
,Recommended,239140,14738508,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Spy Kids Fanboy,tackled a crying child then curbstomped his face into the pavement 10/10
,Recommended,239140,29408240,Posted: 21 January,all,Lokly,"Just finished the game in 76 hours. with a friend. Full co-op run on nightmare. We both think main game was better, but The Following is solid too. It is rare to see a ""content patch"" that is not a DLC, but actually a full addon/expansion pack. Last time i was that pleased with an expansion it was Warcraft 3: TFT. The Following becomes pretty dull quick and it has a lot of more obvious flaws like enemy spawning system, volatiles being complete idiots in the field even on nightmare, but if they notice you its almost a certain death if you are not a swift hand. Many obviously repetitive quests without narration following.Not sure if we were supposed to go into The Following with all main skills at max, but we were not and we ended up unlocking Legend skills mid game, only reached level 15.We finished almost, if not all, side quests, but we had something like 10 hours of downtimes where we randomly screwed around gathering herbs or having fun with gameplay or waiting for each other.Meanwhile main quests isn't that long or great if you not going to mix it with sidequests. I am fairly certain that you simply can not do it on nightmare because at some point your level will stop you from progressing. On easier difficulty tho you should be able to beat both main game and The Following in 10-15 hours if you are not going for detours whatsoever.From deep bottom of my heart i thank all the developers for creating one of the better co-op expiriences out there. Last time we had such smooth co-op it was in Borderlands 2 and Dying Light is slightly behind it just because BL2 flows better in co-op without restricting players to just force-play single campaign together, where every npc only sees one Kyle Crane. Boderlands, on ther other hand has a lot of flaws as a game, but its another topic. I can only hope to see next game in this setting, i think it can be great to play as Kyle again with his new powers.Sory for my broken english."
,Recommended,239140,29301286,Posted: 16 January,all,Ryakkan,"This game is fantastic. I really really enjoy it. In some ways it's similar to Half-Life, but with a modern feel. The crafting system is similar to what you might find in the new Tomb Raider games. Playing alone is good, but playing Co-Op is way better I think."
76561198215502995,Recommended,239140,33283098,Posted: 5 July,all,Sage,"really good game, a must have X)"
,Recommended,239140,22247347,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Delgago,Pros :(+)Open World(+)Crafting system(+)Great graphic(+)Awesome story(+)Great parkour system(+)Many variety zombies(+)Gore(+)Co op(+)Multiplayer(+)Many secret location(+)Many ways to kill zombies(+)Custom game modeCons:(-)you can finish the story within 3 days
,Recommended,239140,20815836,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Loafwad ツ,These devs are one of the few out there who knows how to make a dlc. Not many developers care for their game like these people do.This is the Devs.Devs knows how to make a good game.The devs number one priority is not money.But quality. They care for their game.And they dont ruin it by selling stupid dlc'sThat should orginially be in the game.These devs are smart.Be like these devs.
,Recommended,239140,30814311,Posted: 29 March,all,Apriarcy,"Loved it.The gameplay itself was fairly repetative, but at least the story was strong.Killing zombies is always fun!"
,Recommended,239140,14588059,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,☈Phenom cs,"Definitely one of the better zombie games out right now. However, the people who are praising this game saying how amazing it is obviously have a much longer honey-moon phase with games than I do. Either that or the ones who think it's so amazing are 10-15 years old. Let's be real -  This game is good, but it's defnitely not one of those games you start to play and it gives you chills because you have had not had such a great experience in such a long time or ever; to me that's what would justifying something ""amazing"" and if that is not what would justify amazing to you, maybe you have lower standards, but it's far from ""amazing"" no matter what your standards are, trust me. It's a GOOD game, nothing more, nothing less. Depending on how much you♥♥♥♥♥♥around or don't♥♥♥♥♥♥around and run through the game there is a good 20-40 hours worth of play time. Once you beat it, there isn't much to do besides try to max out the skill tree. You can finish the side quests, challeneges and that's about it. If you are thinking about buying it I would wait until it has more dlc or hits a sale."
76561198163740076,Recommended,239140,22651386,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,x---Apocalypse---x,"This game is an unexpected must have, the story is great and the gameplay and controls are top notch!  9.7/10"
,Recommended,239140,19023071,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ace,Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 10/10Sound/Music: 10/10Coffee: 10/10Overall: 10/10The best zombie game to datePeriod.
,Recommended,239140,21150599,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TheRealDeal GameDeals.ir,"know what's ♥♥♥♥ing crazy in game? ""horizon"" song in the night"
,Recommended,239140,34228053,Posted: 13 August,all,sxnlit,"This is one of my all time favorite games that I have ever played or will play.Just get it, you'll see why. With the added DLC and storyline, and map, it just adds so much more to this wonderful game.Can't wait for the second one to come out some day. But until then, this game is not out-dated at all and the company that produced the game is releasing more content in 2018 due to their loyal fanbase and by how many people still play this.If that doesn't prove it's a great game, I'm not sure what else would.."
,Recommended,239140,33674493,Posted: 20 July,all,GialeG,"Amazing First Person Zombie Survival Game.In this game you start of very slowly,your weapons do nothing do zombies but as you play more and more zombies become easy to kill.That is for normal mode.There is also hard and nightmare which are the real challenge.In this game you wanna avoid going out and night but if you have to you should stay on the rooftops and places where the zombies cant reach you.Parkour is very fun but be careful some zombies can climb.Alright thats enough,now for a short review.Buy this game if you love to kill some zombies while doing parkour and quests and such all in First Person.I'd rate this game 10/10."
76561198085287212,Recommended,239140,14573838,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,DELTA FORCE,still a better love story than 50 shades of grey
,Recommended,239140,21392533,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Sarcastic Sam,"Open world, parkour, story, crafting, easter eggs, drop kicks, coop, day-night cycle, horror, and zombies. What else do you want in a game?"
76561198328539229,Recommended,239140,29287176,Posted: 15 January,all,DemonicDD,"Dying light is a damn good game. There, I gave you my final verdict. It has a good plot, decent characters and an amazing environment. (Lots of play time too, so you get a good return on your investment)  However, the Following DLC is a bit... ''ehh''It sorta throws most of the gameplay out the window, and replaces it with new features (well made ones though). The DLC's story is all right but isn't nearly as capturing as the main one, partially because of how slow the story in The Following is. While the main storyline is a joy to play through, the second feels like a chore at times.Overall: 8.5/10 for Dying Light7/10 for the Following"
,Recommended,239140,21491933,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,$CRIM,In a sea of awful zombie game clones over the last few years Dying Ligth is one of the few great zombie surival games. The parkour elements mix in surprising well. One of the few game in a awhile that had gameplay that keep me playing (having fun) in which I maxed out my skills. The Following DLC adds Driving which is very fun but the Bozak Horde DLC is Just another stuid figthing area Add-on... but overall a great game. 8/10
,Recommended,239140,29267277,Posted: 15 January,all,YubYub,game is fun to play coop. first half of game is better than the second. for the price this game is defs worth it.
,Recommended,239140,14332300,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,♛Drunken Master,mirror's age&dead island!!!!!!!! what a great combine...
,Recommended,239140,15317926,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Cabozzl,"To keep it brief: a well written storyline, beautiful graphics and decent AI.There are a lot of (side) missions to complete, which granted me hours of fun.Co-op with friends and strangers is awesome and the Night Hunter mode is a really cool feature.I played over 180 hours and I'm still enjoying it.Maybe a little struggle when entrapped by a bomber, landing next to sand bags or skipping the zip line too early. But those mistakes will make you alerted and prevent you from failing again.I'm looking forward to the forthcoming updates and DLC's.My favourite game of 2015."
,Recommended,239140,15537782,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Alone in the games and the best zombie action games currently on the market such as Dead Island series, so this is a must-have similarities but, above all, a great co-op multi-game. The game has been made responsible for all elements of the previous series, so things better.In particular, the game's story narration is top quality and much more interesting than the other classes implemented. Really open game world allows to do a dictionary and performs the function of the desired way. If you do not have previously looked the same in the game or in series, so now with super testimonials for everyone!This is not to be missed. :3FIN:Yksin vuoden peleistä sekä parhaita zombi toiminta peleistä tällä hetkellä markkinoilla kuten Dead Island sarja niin, tämä on yhtälainne pakkohankinta mutta, ennenkaikkea loistava co-op monipeli. Pelissä on tehty kaikki vastaavat elementit kuin edellisten sarjoissa niin, asiat paremmin. Eritoten pelin tarinan kerronta on huippulaatua ja huomattavasti mielenkiintoisemmin toteutettu kuin muissa sarjoissa.Todella avoinpeli maailma mahdollistaa tehdä ja suorittee erillaiset tehtävät haluamallaan tavallaan. Jos ei ole aikasemmin tutustunut vastaavaan peliin tai sarjaan niin, nyt super suosittelut kaikille!Tätä ei kannata ohittaa. :3"
76561197971724802,Recommended,239140,24067257,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"The playable area is truly gigantic and with far less buildings to climb on, moving from one side of the map to the other would have been a nightmare if it wasn’t for the buggy,Dying Light: The Following’s main addition.As soon as you start using the buggy, you’ll begin to level up another perk tree: Driver. This will give you access to important upgrades such as installing UV headlights, a Nitro boost, several kinds of weapons (flamethrower, spikes and more).Melee combat is simply great, with slow-motion decapitations/mutilations and a great sense of weight carried with every move, while ranged weapons (including the new crossbow) are less satisfying to handle.As for the story ofDying Light: The Following, just like in the base game it’s interesting enough to keep the player hooked without being really deep. The real deal of this expansion comes from The Following’s array of quality quests that follow Kyle Crane seeking gain of trust of the locals to get close to a creepy cult.THE GOOD- Upgradable buggy- Diverse side quests- Great ending- Lovely visuals- Cheap and addictiveTHE BAD- Can be grindy and repetitive- Harsh difficulty level10/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT | AMAZING |MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,239140,21226691,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Desperado,"This is one of the decent zombie games out there.You take part as of a soldier from the secret force to get intel about the disease.All quickly will you find out you mision is more complicated than that.I don't like to give spoilers away so i keep it at that for the story line.All do i gotta say it has a good story in it, but gets repetive on some points quickly.The game itself works whit a lvling system, higher lvl means more damage whit better higher tier weapons.While this does work out verry good at the pve part, in PvP it gets f*ckt up.You are forced to use the best weapon whit the best enchants etc etc to in fact 1 shot kill the demon in pvp mode.Although do they fix things like this, it is all because they went whit the lvling systeem!It is not needed, and not even missed when they would take it out.Also are there sleeping bags in the game that make you be able to skip 12 hours.While this is a good thing, a sleeping bag beside a shop means u can keep buying everything you need.Few sleeping bags used and you are stocked up whit first aid and prob found the best weapon to.Whereby scavanging for supplys weapons and such isn't needed any longer.The game itself is a uncut gem.The mele weapons work perfect and the way they limit guns is to mine opinion amazing.In a real apocalypse you will safe those bullets to for when they really matter.As said the story is ""decent"", a 7.5 out of 10 to mine opinion.Would have been a lot higher if it was not that repetitive...The graphics look awesome, and the map makes you really feel you are in a apocalypse.Short: The game is absolute worth checking out...If you are into zombie nuking 24/7 this is the game for you.Just keep in mind, repetitive is the core of the game..."
,Recommended,239140,20214772,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Muyu,There is no powerful story but it is too much fun kill various zombies with different styles and crafted weapons.
,Recommended,239140,14343384,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,garnc,"I just finished the game including all side quests and achievements, took around 45 hoursPros:+Bad♥♥♥♥♥ways of killing zombies (Including slow-mo which makes everything more awesome)+A lot of weapons and weapon customization+Smooth, simple parkour that runs perfectly+Great graphics+Nice skilltree (A sense of achievement)+Lot of things to do (sidequests, collectibles)+Some funny side characters+Very exciting (at night)+Large open world+Not repetitive (Untill finishing it)+Free roam co-opCons:-The story was pretty predictable, however unique-Ending was a little dissapointing and full of quick time events-Requires quite a beefy PCBest action/open world zombie game i've seen yet. Nothing to dissapoint yet, provided with a good 40+ hours of fun. Certainly worth the price. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20430211,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Konno Yuuki ♥,Mirror's Edge + Dead Island = Dying Light
,Recommended,239140,33282284,Posted: 5 July,all,JJ,"I love this game, the best zombie and parkour game of all time, plus there are multiplayer features so the game will be more fun. If you are looking for a parkour game this might be the solution.Dying Light is undoubtedly, the best zombie and parkour game ever.Have some cool parkour moves, cool weapons, a lot of places to explore.The gameplay is simply great. Go where you want, climb everything. It's parkour with zombies. Go through a city in rooftops. It's simply great.The game has a terrific and awesome atmosphere. The graphics are astonishing.The story is good and interesting, but not the best around.And the best of all: Amazingly Co-op Fun! I played the whole game in co-op with 2 friends, and I can clearly say that sometimes you'll litteraly cry because of.. laughing so much. By far, this was the most funny experience I've ever had in co-op. There were tons of funny situations happening. You will laugh, believe me. A lot.And I would like to say it is 9.9/10"
76561198143311873,Recommended,239140,35465458,Posted: 4 October,all,IM A BANANA,a really good zombie game with open world
,Recommended,239140,17165217,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Boll av Räka,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)EDIT: Okay I am actually going to write a review of the game here.SECOND EDIT: I'm just going to randomly change my actual review to make it better from time to time. Like now.So Dying Light is a first-person, parkour, zombie, survival game with three basic skill trees, a fourth you unlock later, and a fifth in The Following DLC.This game has a great story, where you play as a conflicted protagonist named Kyle Crane. He works for an organization named ""The GRE."" He is told to jump into the city of Harran, a city taken over by the zombie virus, and quarantined by the rest of the world. You dive in, and within two minutes, you are bitten. There is still hope, however, when you are given antizin. Antizin is like a cure, but it fades away over time, and you have to take another shot, therefore it is only a suppressant. The reason you jump in is to find a rogue GRE agent who has files that supposedly lead to the cure of the virus. They have you betray your friends, almost killing innocent people, to find these files, just to find out the GRE Is corrupt. Hence, being the ""conflicted"" protagonist.The gameplay is really amazing as well. The graphics are smooth, but require a NASA computer to run without lag. My computer is absolutely amazing, and I even have a lag spike from time to time. Almost everyone does so it might be a glitch, but who knows? There is a twenty four hour day cycle, but luckily, not in real time. From six in the morning to ten at night is the time you would want to get things done when you just start playing. From ten at night to six in the morning however, that's for the suicidal, and the veterans (Explained later in the review). You have to parkour across the map to survive, and find weapons from people you kill, or places across the map. The best way to get weapons, however is obviously the traders you can frequently find. The weapons have a durability and a certain amount of times it can be repaired with metal parts before becoming permanently useless.The level system is very unique. Like all level systems, you have to do certain things to level it up. What's unique about it, is there are three different skills to level up, and all three are leveled up differently. The exp gained for each skill tree is simply classified by ""[Name of the tree] Points"". Survivor points are gained by completing story, or side missions. You can also save survivors from enemies, or turn in airdrops you can grab from random places at random times, or the quarantine zone missions scattered around the map. Agility points are gained by doing parkour. Even climbing a simple ledge will give you agility points. Power points are gained by attacking enemies. Hitting them will give a few, killing them will give a couple hundred, depending on your levels. When you get high levels with each tree, you will be amazed with what you can achieve. Each level will give you a point to spend for that specific tree you just leveled up. The survivor tree will give you general abilities, and every survivor level you go up by, will allow you to find better weapons automatically. No perk needed. The agility tree will give you more parkour moves and running stamina, and the power tree will give you more attacks and attacking stamina. The last tree, outside of the DLC, is called the Legend tree. The legend tree can only be unlocked when you max out at least one of the first three. Then, every point you gain that would've gone to the tree you maxed, will go to your legend. This tree upgrades your character, increasing general stamina, all damage with certain weapons, maximum health, etc. When you become high level in each tree, you will be amazed what you can achieve and what your weapons can do. For example, I am a max level Survivor, Agility and Power, and I am a level 101 legend. My best melee weapon does 5000 damage, and my favorite shotgun does 9000. To compare, the weapons you start with do 30.Night time takes away the annoying zombies called Virals, but adds in the vicious zombie called Volatiles. Volatiles are faster than the player, meaning you need to make the chase as complex as possible to survive them if they see you. They are powerful and have a large amount of health, as well as not being able to be knocked back by anything other than explosions. Don't dropkick them, I've tried and it doesn't work.The Following DLC gives a new story, and a nep map with it. You play as Kyle Crane again, and it takes place after the end of the original storyline. You venture out of Harran city, to the outskirts, which is still quarantined off. You go out to find a cure because the antizin supply is running low, and in the process, you gain a buggy to travel across this maps large, and flat terrain. The fifth skill tree, is the driving skill. Leveled up by destroying things with your buggy, killing enemies, and traveling at high speeds. New kinds of missions and weapons are unlocked, such as the SMG and revolver for weapons, and Volatile Hives for new missions. I definitely recommend this DLC, especially if you have a friend who has it too. The co-op can be so much fun.This is my favorite game of all time, I recommend it 42/10"
76561198011508181,Recommended,239140,14218139,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kabosky,"So far with the couple of hours put into this game, I am liking this game a lot. I know it's starting to become more of a generic zombie killing game, but the idea of adding parkour (similar to Mirror's Edge) makes this game a little more interesting. Dying Light has put a lot of good time and effort to make a very solid game, and for it just coming out, the performance was a lot better than I expected.Pros:+ The variety of weapons that are in the game can take bashing zombies over the head a fun time for you.+ Smash, shoot, burn, or drop kick zombies to get out of situations or if you're in the mood to kill a bunch of them, there are many ways to do so.+ The parkour aspect in this game is great for getting out of sticky situations.+ Upgrades to your weapon can increase greatly and can help kill zombies much quicker.+ Crafting weapons and equipment is definitely useful when it comes to being out on your own.+ 3 separate skill points give you a variety of level ups to become a better runner.+ Night time in this game is very difficult, but exciting at the same time.+ Characters, textures, and distant buildings look amazing at which this definitely shows a 2015 game!Cons:- Side missions are kind of annoying.- Climbing over walls or vehicles leaves you vulnerable to attacks.- Sometimes bashing their skulls more than 10 times just isn't enough and that wastes your weapon's durability.- FPS dropping once I left tutorial (fixed it by lowering quality which stinks! :(  ).- A lot of features in this game isn't original and seems like a bunch of games mixed into one.I'll throw this in here hopefully someone has experienced this issue, but throughout the game, my audio starts distorting when either I'm talking or randomly in the middle of combat. It happens frequently and it just sounds like the voices turn robotic for just a little bit."
,Recommended,239140,18902775,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Shrubbles,"One of the best games I've ever played this year. Fast paced, good perks, good voice acting, smooth gameplay, almost photorealistic characters and good multiplayer synchronization. It is certainly worth the money, well done Techland !"
,Recommended,239140,17003904,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,RockstarCRO,"What can feel like a spin off of Dead Island, definitely doesn't mimic it's style when it comes to being complete. The edges around this game are smooth in the sense that there are no ""lucky jumps"". If Dead Island had the parkour movement Dying Light did, that game would be better. If Dying Light incorporated more vehicles, this would definitely blow Dead Island out of the water.Dying Light follows a story about a fellow named Crane who was dropped into an infested zone. He is under cover for an agency for their espionage work. They are attempting to gather intelligence regarding what is happening. Crane finds himself saved by two characters and eventually is offered to join in with their crowd of survivors known as ""The Tower"". Besides being able to do main story line quests, side quests are also available to enrich the experience. Moreover, side quests do not feel redundant or cheap. They feel like they actually give you a purpose and boost in stats.The game's controls are phenomenal and can be somewhat comparable to Mirror's Edge control scheme. Parkour is highly hailed in this game and it is rightly so. Jumping from a lower ledge to a higher ledge may seem impossible at times as you may find yourself directly underneath the area you would like to go. Upon looking at the edge (even from underneath or any normal ledge), the camera and your cross hairs sort of shift to indicate this ledge can be grabbed onto. Referring to my earlier remark of being found underneath a ledge you'd like to climb, the camera still can fixate onto a ledge (even from underneath) and the character even leans slightly to add realism. The parkour scheme was done excellently and doesn't feel cheap what so ever. The only thing is you can't really drop down from ledge to ledge. Going up is not a problem but going down is a different story. The player needs to look for garbage piles or wooden roofs to jump on to break the fall. This is a neat addition, but can be a bit annoying for some gamers as that control to go down isn't there. The player may however take one hand off the ledge to look around. Besides a good running/jumping scheme, Dying Light features a multitude of weapons.Weapons can be upgraded and even modified with certain items that are picked up. A pipe can be turned into an electric pipe which stuns an enemy (or two) upon impact. Weapons can also be deconstructed to recycle for more material. Weapons can be from giant hammers, motlov cocktails, to even fire crackers to distract zombies. The fighting scheme is pretty neat and is somewhat immersive. I feel that they could have done a better job introducing a bit more control to the player rather than swinging wildly while pressing RT. None the less, wherever the cross hair points is where the player will land the shot. Some head shots also show an x-ray of the zombies skull and spine and temporarily slow the game a bit. Kicking is also featured in the game (which doesn't require stamina to use). When I was fighting on a rooftop I was attempting to kick enemies down it. The kicking motion itself is okay, but how the zombies react is slightly questionable. It takes a few kicks sometimes to get a zombie on the ground (which is ok), but if I nailed a zombie in the head with a kick I expect them to go flying back and certainly off the roof. This wasn't exactly the case as small curbs would inhibit entire momentum of certain zombies flying over the edge. It is possible though after a few solid kicks to send someone flying. The inventory/map menu is extremely simplistic and extremely UI friendly.I absolutely love every detail except for one small thing, I'd like to be able to equip my weapon from this menu too! Yes I know I can do it in game, but when you have a horde of zombies running after you, time doesn't stop while selecting another weapon. This in a sense adds a bit of security for the player when under stress. Again, not a big deal but I'd figure to point it out. There are three main skill sets to upgrade which add an RPG element to the game, survival, agility and power. Survival offers the player more when roaming around freely to look for objects or to craft better objects. Agility provides for quicker movement and improved climbing skills. Power has to do with direct engagement with zombies and can improve abilities and add new abilities such as being able to drop kick. Each skill set gains EXP as you directly use either of the three while playing. Spread out throughout the map are safe zones. These zones can be unlocked by killing all the zombies within the area as well as securing the zone (closing the door, turning on power etc...). Also spread out are UV traps, where the player can activate them when nearby.Multiplayer is a great addition to already a big game. It can be annoying for a few as when you are going through a campaign quest, you may be interrupted by a game. I really like the fact they allow you to be the survivor on top of being able to be the zombie.Graphics are on par and feel next gen. There is quite a bit of detail put into the game but some graphics or tiles look bland. Recycling bins never seem to change as I'm guessing everyone threw out the exact same stuff in the trash. Either than that though, the game can offer some awesome views from exceptional heights. Sounds are good, especially when making a solid impact with a metal pipe against a zombie. They have also added day and night into the game, where at night ""crawlers"" or zombies with significant power come out to play. Day game play is quite different from night, as at night you'll try to creep around more and make less noise whereas day, you don't really care how loud you are.I like this game, and the fact they incorporated co-op and multiplayer is a definite notable feature. Local co-op would have been nice too but who knows, they can't make everything always amazing.For future Dying Light games, please add a method to get down buildings once you scale them! It's a cool feature to be able to jump from a crazy height onto a pile of garbage, but maybe some of us just want to drop down a floor. The melee fighting scheme is awesome, however there needs to be more control and responsibility given to the player. I want to feel like I'm in charge of where the character is swinging their arm. They did a good job in impacts overall, but it doesn't exactly feel right sometimes when knocking enemies back with a blow. Adding a ""light"" melee hit and a ""hard"" melee hit would also give the player a bit more to choose from. Weapons do this as is as some are bigger than the others but I'd like to have control over this. State of Decay also took a unique step when it allowed players to build up their home bases. Maybe this isn't quite the issue here, but some sort of introduction towards that would enrich the gaming and RPG experience.It would have a higher rating if it was more open in allowing the player to use the environment as shown in Dead Island. I do miss driving a truck, and I wouldn't mind trying a motorcycle.Rating : 7.45/10GameplayBStory / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceBSounds / MusicBReplay-abilityC+OverallB-ScreenShots :VisualGetting a boot off the edgeSeems impossible but you can jump up to get to the next floor... check the following screenshotI made it up. You can also peek around as your hanging off the ledge"
,Recommended,239140,30850110,Posted: 31 March,all,UnworthyBanana,By far the best zombies experience I've ever had especially when you get your hands on the grappling hook! 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14189386,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,odellykins,Mirrors Zombie Edge Island.10/10
,Recommended,239140,15339399,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[GOL] LiamD,"It's rammed full of issues, poor performance, crashes to the desktop a lot, the ending is terrible, but I still sunk many hours into it and fully enjoyed the main campaign when it worked without crashing.While I'm giving it a thumbs up, this is mainly in the hopes that performance will get sorted, and that a decent story DLC will make me forget the main campaigns poor ending.Full review here:https://www.gamingonlinux.com/articles/dying-light-reviewed-on-linux-what-i-really-think.5231/"
,Recommended,239140,14396413,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Arterus,"I Finished Dying Light today and while I loved it for the first few days of playing, I can honestly say I was biterly disappointed by the end. And I dont just mean the end of the game, I mean the end of my time with it, lets say from about 50% onwards.Following is a long and I hope thorough review of the game. I could go on for many more pages than I will here because there is much to talk about but I will try and focus on major points as much as I can..Please remember, this is my opinion, some folks will agree with me, some won't, but dont flame for flames sake. Try and keep it decent, I like a good reply as much as this reviewSo whats right with it? Well, in the beginning you feel part of something, you have a direction and a reason for being. You make some friends, and while the storyline is not the greatest, the acting and general pacing are good, engaging and you feel like you actually want to help, to succeed.Finding out about the games many mechanics is immensely fun, from your first parkour lessons, to learning to electricute  zombies with fallen powr lines and puddles is all very satisfying. Killing the zombies themselves is satisfying, and I can honestly say that for the first 3 or 4 days (around 4-6 hours each) I rated Dying Light as one of the very best zombie killing experiences.The skill system is clever, varied, and most of the skills are actually fun to learn, allowing you to develop a 'style' of play.One of my absolute favourite things about Dying Light is how much havoc it lets you cause by giving you as many materials as you could possibly need to craft the games many different zombie killing utilities. You are never short of anything, and I really believe that more open world games shoudl be this way. Sure, make a player search for these things but dont make them rare as rocking horse♥♥♥♥♥♥.. The more you allow a player to make molotovs, the more he will use them and have infinite fun doing so!! Well done on this devs of Dying Lght, a great great choice!Your first time at night is VERY memorable, (as are many of the other times, but that first is the charm) and doing every side quest feels fun and somehow non repetitive. The miriad of ways you learn to kill a zombie keeps the game fresh for a long while.Around 50% however the game for me began to sour... (spoilers from here - if your undecided and dont want to read the rest of the review because of the spoilers know that I do recommend the game, if only for the first 30 hours or so, its well worth the asking price. if you like killin zombies enmasse ten buy yourself a copy!)Ok so for those that stuck around.At first it wasn't very noticeable because the variety was still there but as you progress in the game you begin to notice just how much the zombies seem to take the same amount of killing no matter what weapons you use... This 'leveled creature' way of making games always leaves me scratching my head. I simply cant understand why developers make games that level with you? All this does is make 'upgrading' utterly pointless. (well other than you will die horrendously if you dont!)I had weapons in my inventory that did 200 damage, 300 damage and 400 damage. Each of these weapons (if aimed right) took 1 or 2 hits to kill each zombie. So whats the point of finding and making 'better' weapons if you never see any real improvement in them because the zombies level with you?? For god sake devs of today.. Learn this does not make a game fun! Whats FUN, is when you can return to an earlier place in the game and wipe everything out with a single swing! Thats the feeling of 'progression' which simply dies with leveled creatures!Ok, ok, so open world has to deal with this ability to go anywhere at anytime somehow.. Is leveling the creatures the way to do it? NO!! Put tougher creatures in in other areas.. Make it impossible for  new player to traverse certain areas until they 'progress' the reason we all play - progression.Anyway, you get my point, this game is bad for it!This game is also bad for changing the rules on you. At first you are very scared of the virals, these are newly turned zombies who still have all their motor skills intact. They can run, they can climb, they are not stupid and mindless... They are scary!At first.The rules change around the 50% mark again, and rather than 'noise' bringing them, they just seem to be everywhere, and come whenever they want to. Curiously around this time the other zombies seem to now explode after dying, sending toxic goo all around that hurts you if you get caught in it. This 'explosion' is the catalyst for bringing more virals! Sorry, but his is DUMB! Why change the rules!? If they player makes noise, expect company, this is a great mechanic, fun to think 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I made loads of noise! But creating excuses for them to be there is poor, and a seemingly lazy way to make the game harder.Then comes the introduction of the harder zombies, the ones with big heafty weapons they smash on the floor creating shockwaves that send you flying! These guys are slow, but tough! Early on, its virtually impossible to take them out without a lot of running in and getting a hit here and there. Later they become utterly ridiculous in difficulty and just there to make the game harder. Not 'tactical', just harder for the sake of it. Again this feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attept at making the game harder...Dont even get me started on the exploders!! They hide around corners, and even lightning reflexes wont turn you quick enough to get out of their explosion range. I wonder sometimes what Playtesters do all day.. because they obviously dont provide decent feedback.Now before someone starts flaming me here about wanting the game made easier.. NO I DONT. This is not about making anything easier, its about being more clever in the first place with what your creatures can and cant do. Make them scary by all means, make them tough as nails, but dont make it frustrating, like the fights are here in dying light.It feels i'm getting on a bit of a downer with the game here and please understad that I did enjoy it, I just get tired with the same old same old type of development. Keep games fun, fair, and exciting... Dont set out to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your player base.So what did I not like...The halucination sequence with Jade.. Honestly!! Who thought that was a good idea!! It was CRAP!The tower climbing... Kinda on the fence about this because the controls worked well, and it was satisfying but death was often just annoying, and  paths were blocked often just for the sake of it.Leading on from that, even the games hero starts to shout phrases such as 'Oh you gotta be ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me!!' because even HE is fed up with the way the game just seems to want to '♥♥♥♥ with you' The cable snapping in the radio tower?? Why did it snap? Whats the reasoning behind this??As the story developed I felt it got more and more ridiculous, there were times I wished for the feel of the beginning of the game, where things had passion, and made you feel something. But when you find yourself at the finale running through sewers being chased by everything the game has, where one slip-up (which was often as simpe as a 'clip' by a creature) would send you plumiting to your death, you feel less and less attached to the game, and more that it IS a game, one you want over... The restarting of this sequence with every death by the way was a hideous development choice!Then the last fight with our buddy Rise... timed key pressing, Really?? This is a developers idea of a good ending? Simply horrendous. One of the worst endings I have ever played I am sad to say.So, here we are.. TL:DRIt has enough greatness to make it a fantastic experience. It is however marred by some horrendous development choices and a story that by half way you no longer care about. (which is a shame)8/10 for me.."
,Recommended,239140,14263230,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,outsmar the wise,Mortal Mirror Dead Edge Island Kombat.10/10
76561198151815171,Recommended,239140,24712939,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TITENFALL [RNGesus],"This game may be just a bit overpriced and the scenario may be incoherent but you'll have loads of fun and even more fun if you're with a friend ! from my 80 hours experience ( 65h campaign + 15h dlc ) and all the side quests done i can say i really liked this game from the beginning to the end !it's a must buy for me :DIf you bought it while in sale you've just made a GREAT deal :)Update: Now that the dlc comes with the games, oh man is it worth it for 50 bucks."
,Recommended,239140,25738138,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lilith | Moonshi,This game is amazing!The story is great on the main gameplay so far (haven't finished it yet) However i do think that if you're more into fun and want to have more space then i strongly recommend The Following DLC because it includes cars and much more.The craft menu is wonderful and easy to handle as far as the other mechanics of the game.Love it <3 9/10
,Recommended,239140,14228048,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Darknessss,"Short version: BUY THIS GAME NOW!UPDATE: After playing hours and hours of this game I have realized that this game is truely an experience like none other, it is one of the darkest and most unique games I have ever played; the open world is larger and more detailed than anything you've ever played and the story is just awesome, a truely engaging an emotionally draining experience. In my review below I make lots of reference to Dead Island and while I hate to say it, those comments are now irrelevant, Dead Island has nothing on this game. This isn't just an evolution in gaming, it's an evolution in story telling.Long version:Nothing can describe this game other than perfect. It takes everything that was amazing about Dead Island; the ambience, the exploration, the story and the crafting and adds more to it. The only thing Dead Island lacked was flawless gameplay, it was buggy and filled with graphics glitches, but Techland have really learnt from that experience and they've taken everything that worked and fixed everything that didn't! This game is like a slap in the face for the Cryengine, the graphics are OUT OF THIS WORLD.I can also forgive Techland for delaying this game to work on the free-running because it was definitely worth it; the exploration in this game is unlike any other because literally, if it looks like you can climb it, YOU CAN.Another impressive apsect to Techlands work is the emphasis they put on the zombie; in Dead Island they really made zombie's a threat again, unlike other zombie games where they are basically harmless obstacles that you need to knock over. But in Dying Light they've upped the ante again, you REALLY don't want to confront a zombie and that's just during the day, don't even talk to me about night-time! Which brings me to the day and night cycle; this is the first game where it really affects the game. Taking your character out during the day is completely different to taking him out at night. The game brilliantly conditions you to fear the night and believe me, YOU DO. It's easy to lose track of time when you're working a mission and when you suddenly hear the warning over the radio that it's almost night time, it like a kick in the guts, and then you gun it for the nearest safe zone.There are only two issues I have with the game; the first is that the Be The Zombie mode is slightly unbalanced and consequently no-one who is playing a human takes the challenge against a hunter, but this is merely a matter balancing the hunter a bit and as soon as its sorted out, it will be amazing. My second problem isn't actually a problem with the game but more of a grievance; I loved Dead Island and this game should've been Dead Island, I can't imagine how amazing this game would be if it were set Bonoi, but that takes nothing away from this game and it's not Techland's fault; Deep Silver are just morons.Ultimately, this game has all the amazing intrigue and charisma that Dead Island had, but adds to that some of the best graphics I've ever seen, an amazing parkour system and a truely dark, disturbing and terrifying experience.Techland are becoming the masters of zombie games."
76561198062372578,Recommended,239140,14434430,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Wilhelm,Dropkicking zombies off of buildings. 10/10Grab afew mates and have some fun.
,Recommended,239140,14353716,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"This is the best zombie game I have ever played, and I would definitely say that this was well worth the price. Sure, a couple of bugs have been encountered: stuck in the ground a couple of times, and falling through the map too, but even then, the situation generally ended up being quite humorous. Much of my playtime has been co-operative, where my friends are more dangerous than our enemies, but that's possibly just the playstyle of me and my friends, laughing all the time.What I most love about this game in comparison to other zombie games, is the actual emphasis on survival. You do not start with a half a dozen guns and unlimited ammo. Resources, especially guns, ammo, and med kits are very rare, and you must be careful with your decision making. And even melee weapons eventually get worn out and cannot be used any further, with a limited number of repairs as well. This all contributes to making this game quite difficult, with a huge emphasis on survival. The difficulties you encounter in facing enemies, be they zombies or humans, especially early on, make this a standout game - you cannot stand and deliver, and just slaughter hordes of enemies. And thus, the focus is on running, and escaping, and using the terrain. Crafting is fun, with a huge variety of mods and other things that you can create - experiment! Everything has its uses... if your backpack can fit it all.And the movement is where the game particularly shines. Much has been said of the parkour, and it is everything I expected, and much more. From jumping over walls, from roof to roof, along ledges, and climbing and sliding all over the place, the movement is fluid, fun, and incredibly rewarding. There is also an incredible impressive use of momentum here, too, where to slow or to stop could be very costly. Very responsive controls, the free-running is extremely exhilarating, especially if you are trying to escape at night. The survival element of this game is emphasised by the day/night cycle, where the night is actually quite a scary and dangerous place to be - you really do not want to be caught out at night. The graphics and audio, combined with the scary night-only Infected, make the night a very dangerous, yet potentially rewarding place to be - this is because of the extra skill points available during the night.There is a large variety of enemies within the city of Harran, both human and zombie, which leads to a need to be careful in what you do, and how you do it, in order to deal with them, while also being careful not to draw too much attention to yourself. There are some quite intriguing special zombies, although it is getting always getting harder to design original zombies as the years pass. Even when you do find a gun and ammo, you may not want to use it and stick with melee weapons - gunshots draw the Infected like moths to a flame, so there is a huge trade-off - unless you're willing to take on all comers - are you brave enough? Do you have enough ammo? Have you got a back-up plan? And there are other environmental hazards which may draw enemies to you by letting off far-reaching sounds, be it a car alarm or exploding gas bottle, or something else.The graphics look fantastic, and the city, characters, and models of the weapons and mods all look brilliant. The open world nature of the map is also very attractive, with a charming appearance accompanied by plenty to explore and do. But it is the audio, including the voice acting, which really stands out for me. Dying Light contains some nice though not award-winning performances, though some people had amusingly odd accents for the game's European setting. The score was fitting and atmospheric, particularly when at night, or otherwise occupied in conflict, or at some potentially climatic point in the campaign. The sound effects are also very well done too, from the sounds of zombies, to the impact of melee weapons.While the plot was quite cliche and somewhat predictable, the fun elements are all there, ably supported by an intriguing cast of characters, who all perform their roles admirably. The game also offers an interesting insight into the anarchy which could descend given the absence of law and order. There is also a very wide variety of interesting side quests to complete, should you wish to. The game's finale, however, is Bittersweet. Without spoilers, the game's end feels lackluster in comparison to the heights reached by the rest of the game.I would also like to give a special mention to the RPG-elements of the game. I really, really like the leveling system implemented in Dying Light. Unlike traditional leveling systems, where everything you do gives you some exp, which you then arbitrarily decide to put points into various Skill Trees, in Dying Light, there are three separate skill trees, and you unlock more options in these Skill Trees by doing thing related to those skill trees. For example, completing quests or rescuing survivors will contribute towards raising your Survival Level, while your Agility skill tree is improved by parkour and Power by combat.With a load of content, and genuinely incredible gameplay, alongside a host of other great features, this is definitely a very highly recommended game, especially if you like zombie games."
,Recommended,239140,18208342,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,VandeGarde,"Edit: After more than 100 hours here comes the DLC 'The Following'. Mindblowing. Not more of the same. Nope. 2 extra skills you can work on and one of them is 'Driving'. The scenery has changed to farmlands and the map is BIG! So you realy need your car (Buggy) and you can upgrade it when you climb your driving skill. You'll damage your car driving over zombie's and you'll burn fuel. So you'll need to repair once in a while and you'll have to search for fuel and gear in abandoned cars. Lots to do in this DLC. O...new weapon. Crossbow. It's great! From best zombie game ever to best zombie game ever+. No way another team is ever going to beat this one in the near future.Edit: After 47 hours of taking my time and enjoying this game I'm getting a second stage...there's more...o joy!  Didn't saw that comming. I didn't mention that this game is pretty scarry at times in the review I wrote a couple of months ago. So, it's scarry at times. At night you're just game for the hungry mob out there. It's great. I played some hours with other people and they were all very nice, patient and helpfull. This game is good in all the right places. Best zombie game out there. In a review someone said that it reminded him of Farcry with zombies. I agree.Dead Island kind of game but with climbing and 'Free Running'. Part of the team that made this game is also responsible for the Dead Island games. This one is better though because you can climb all the buildings and do some free running. The three skill trees are a bit better too. The punnishing system when you die is also well thought of.  Points are being deducted from one of the skill trees when you die so you'll be carefull. It's a little bit tough to get into but when you get going there's lots of fun and thrills here. I suggest that you buy the 'Ultimate survivor bundle' with the main game when you start. There are some blue prints for weapons in there that realy helps you on your way. Very good zombie game this is. If you want to spend time in a nice zombie game and you don't know wich one to buy with Dead Island I and II also in the Steam shop.....they are all very good games. But buy this one. Less buggs and more freedom of movement."
76561198292773771,Recommended,239140,33355702,Posted: 7 July,all,Adib_Azrine,"Spend the Whole night by swiming on the water because of those night freaks.GGMust buy game,If you are a zombie and co-op game fan"
,Recommended,239140,31318179,Posted: 23 April,all,Kill Switch,"I have played this game ever since it first came out, and i got it for the PS4, i still find nostalgia in it and have pretty much known most of it off by heart. I hated the BTZ mode because i never really got good at it, however it all changed when i met a person by the name of Sniper_Bandit_29 (Old 15th Best NH On PS4) he taught me everything and now im 15th best NH on PS4. Ive now come to PC and have met alot of people thanks to this game who i wouldve never met ever. Thanks Dying Light and Techland, you helped me through some tough times."
,Recommended,239140,24011198,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ADaVVg,"This is in my honest opinion (like anyone on the internet gives a flying♥♥♥♥♥♥ the best zombie game I've ever played and in the top 3 games I've ever played at all. Not only are the graphics absolutly stunning, but the the storyline is easy to follow and more interesting the the Pope's porno itself. The characters feel as if they were givin much time and thought to have realistic gestures and feeling to their movements. I would definately also reccomend this if you enjoy being challenged. (Until you beat the first part of the game, then you're ballin for the rest of the Following)"
76561198135913580,Recommended,239140,20321786,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Antimouse,"Digging through the story line. Can't say that im impressed, or this game in some way special. I'm having fun in coop or solo mode. Game content, mechanic, graphics and all other♥♥♥♥♥♥in game - looking good. The game itself looks pretty nice. Thanks to Steam for nice winter season discount."
,Recommended,239140,28020927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Elliekitten❤,"I'd only recommend this game for whenever you play with friends, but the free running and open world makes it a hell of a lot more fun to play, you can use whatever weapon you like and destroy them how you like"
,Recommended,239140,33325502,Posted: 6 July,all,Dark Bison,"I haven't had this much fun with a Zombie game in years. It has all the elements I love in a game, melee action, open world and lots of meaty explosions. Was lucky enough to pick the game up on the steam sale and I've been doing nothing but enjoying the gameplay since. The game has the feel of Dead Island but that is where it ends, everything from story progression and side quest availability is done so well in this game compared to Dead Island. None of that MMO side quest spam like in the Dead Island titles, which is something I like. Gives you time to breathe and enjoy the environment that much more.The graphics are really nice and the sound direction is really good as well. I remember being hunted down by chasers for the first time and hearing them breathing heavily feets behind me really put me on edge, and genuinely gave me an adrenaline rush. Parkour system is pure genius, being able to hop around from roof top to roof top never felt so fun in a game before.I've found a few questionable inclusions to the game that I believe we could have done without, for one the camo ability is beyond broken and makes certain missions that should have high tension a breeze. Second questionable thing is the ability where you slide down walls which can cause unwanted deaths if you so happen to press any direction on your keyboard. If you take your time in the game and do a bit of grinding with side quest then you'll have little to no issue with the zombies in this game, the main thing that will get you killed more often than not is gravity."
,Recommended,239140,28681549,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,"I love this game. It's by far the most fun I've had playing a zombie game since I was playing the first Left 4 Dead on Xbox Live. It's not perfect, it falls into the trap that too many modern games seem to fall into these days, in that it borrows too many unimportant game mechanics from other games. Climbing from Assassins Creed, lockpicking from Elder Scrolls, etc, and none of them seem to be as well done as the game that they're borrowing from. That being said, I enjoyed the story lines, the graphics are great, and the melee combat is spot-on perfect. This game has been one of the best pc game experiences I've ever had, especially with The Following and Be the Zombie dlcs. It's action packed, scary, immersive, beautiful, and bloody. 8/10 definitely a buy."
76561198009199420,Recommended,239140,21084955,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,crazykilla42642,"If you enjoy Zombie, survival  and Parkour games then you'll definately enjoy Dyling Light. It's a bit of a reminder of the Left for Dead series since you can play a mode that allows you to be one of those Night time terrors that I myself prefer to stay away from unless I'm really feeling froggy. You can hack, slash, shoot, trap zombies. Heck you can kill them in so many different ways that It takes a ton of gamesplay to get bored and the Parkour abilities I think, are exhilerating.However, One downside that I found made the game not so much less enjoyable but more of a chore if you want to complete everything Is the mechanics for shooting weapons. I couldn't put my finger on it exactly but when using guns, it really didn't feel like any FPS of shooting game I've played so I had to get used to the shooting mechanics. It would prob help If you could fire guns in true FPS mode with iron sights or sights.All In all. I would give this game a 4 out 5I would definately recommend this game. A must play!"
76561198076696204,Recommended,239140,14891803,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Soedric,"The ending acheivement says it all: Bittersweet. It has its nice moments of fun, nice scenery and great parkour, but it can be very bland/ repetitive.  Overall, I would recommend it for those who played through the Dead Island series and are zombie fanatics. I'd say to buy it when on sale! Otherwise you might regret your purchase. ~ Enjoy."
,Recommended,239140,31589221,Posted: 6 May,all,Sam.350,"Great gameplay, very fun with friends. Story is alright."
,Recommended,239140,26755443,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Maridasch,one of the best co-op games i've played. c:
,Recommended,239140,17485386,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hitchet,"Probably, the best zombie game on PC. Every detail at the very high level and it looks really outstanding.Must have.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,21954149,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Zyryanoff,"Graphics, visual design and possibility of cooperative playthrough make this game AAA coop blockbuster. If you want to play this game alone - it is far from such a perfection so better play with someone.Gameplay, combat and parkour are pretty repetitive. Interesting for first few days but then you will get tired of it.Even after you adapt and learn perks: regular jams in textures, grabs for 'wrong' obstacles, inability to make jumps at certain angles in proximity to objects will occur.I really miss something in every aspect of the game: running is worse than in ""Mirror's Edge"", combat feedback worse than in ""Condemned"", script... well... 'obviously simple', tons of similar boring quests and placeholder-music.Call your friends, take a bow or a shotgun and enjoyment will happen. But remember this game is very far from masterpiece, you'll need a lot of patience to make it to the final."
76561198017335840,Recommended,239140,22920983,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Blood,"I wouldn't say it's a great game, but it did manage to keep my attention for 50 hours, which is more than I can say for the majority of my other games."
,Recommended,239140,22952175,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mr. Bean Survived Apocalypse,No doubt its 1 of best fps game better than mirror edge campaign story is gud.but most gamers will find it little weird in walking style or mouse sense but no problem you will adapt this in time.
,Recommended,239140,35467657,Posted: 4 October,all,TankDempsey︻╦╤─,FAAAAANNNNTASTIC!
,Recommended,239140,22293772,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,"Hours upon hours of survival, melee combat, asscreed on first person, a cringey but still lovable main character and lots of nonsensical kill-a-thon fun. Huge map, extremely enjoyable coop, a well executed day/night cycle that increases the challenge, brutal combat, a great DLC expansion with constant free updates for months and a fluid parkour make Dying Light a high reccomendation and one of the most suprisingly great games 2015 had."
,Recommended,239140,14742837,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"What a play, What a game. I thought the story was a bit predictable, But still good nonetheless. Playing night for me was brutal -An absolute pain. But having the sleep feature was very nice. Great Graphics, Infact while i was in game it played with my alienware case lighting, Switching between red, green and white. which was a total surprise, Really cool. One con i had was the combat system, it felt really rusty and the zombies ended up getting alot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hits on me, Eventually you get used to it and it becomes easier with guns. 8/10."
,Recommended,239140,33469597,Posted: 11 July,all,⚡️Scyfe⚡,4 days since I bought the game and i'm almost 50 hours in. ( 15% story completed - Still haven't touched any DLC )Just get it.
76561198065643445,Recommended,239140,21118295,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SCREAM2NIGHT,Borderlands + melee weapons + L4D2 Cola Guy + Parkour + Zombies + full campaign coop + looting + more parkour = Dying Light
76561198203823501,Recommended,239140,34625800,Posted: 30 August,all,Grinder,Beautiful game!
76561198079950756,Recommended,239140,30043926,Posted: 19 February,all,Bilbo Baggins,"This game is the most realistic game i have ever played.Zombies are too real,places are too real so 10/10"
76561198017485749,Recommended,239140,34482752,Posted: 25 August,all,wagon.burner,Unfortuneatley i cant play multi player due to where i livebut this game single player was excellentthe ground traversal/parkour style of game play really did it for mealmost like a mashup of far cry 3/mirrors edge/dead island
76561197972720910,Recommended,239140,23175550,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,MaYzE,"Great atmosphere, fantastic graphics, and kept me on the edge of my seat.  I spent little time doing side missions, so I may have missed out on a lot of great quests and great NPCs.  I may revisit this in coop mode, but single player was fun.  It did highlight how bad I am at fast paced games though.  The game itself was great, but these fast paced running games will always be a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥  I died more than I probably should have and cursed up a storm because if it, but in the end it was worth the playthrough.  Still worth a pickup, but not at full price for someone like me who struggles with some of the parkour style games.  If you are a mirrors edge fan, or a dead island fan, or both, this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,239140,33111751,Posted: 1 July,all,ΓYΔΠ SKINUP.GG,This is one of the best Games ever. Simple as that.
76561198012653813,Not Recommended,239140,32585717,Posted: 20 June,all,World's Top Protein Enthusiast,"I'm so conflicted on whether or not I want to recommend this game. On one hand, it has great visuals, awesome parkouring, and believable (albeit short-lived) atmosphere; but on the other hand, it has quite a lot of flaws. I'll focus on said flaws for my review.Chunks of poor level designDying Light is a game that emphasizes running and pathfinding during certain sequences, scripted or otherwise. Often times I find myself perfectly able to navigate the landscape... but some instances, like the mission where you arm C4 inside a half-built skyscraper, have downright confusing level design. I've died plenty of times and lost uncountable numbers of survivor points due to simply getting lost. And not only that, but randomly placed explosives that enemies (somehow) set off has killed me more than what's acceptable. Having a ""wtf killed me?"" moment is not enjoyable. There are also several instances where an exploding undead appears out of nowhere (scripted or otherwise) and insta-kills you because you did what the game taught you to do: attack the zombie. Gimmicks like this don't help the game.Goons are unfair and poorly designedThe idea to kill Goons (the undead with rebars) is to use ranged options. But if that doesn't work, then what? Guns attract more undead, so you can't use that. You'll simply have to get in close to finish them off. But there's a big problem; a Goon's range is far longer than your dodge skill. This makes for an intensely frustrating encounter where using the dodge function is effectively useless. You just have to take the hit (since you can't dodge far enough), get knocked flat, wait to get up, rinse and repeat. You also have to use power attacks, or you'll be repeating this process for a long, long time. Overall the game limiting you to one effective method of killing Goons is a discredit.Demolishers are unfair and poorly designedMuch like Goons, Demolishers have a ridiculously unfair attack range, though they don't have the AoE ground pound like Goons do, so using dodge is somewhat viable. Instead, they can swing and charge on a dime, and each attack will knock you flat and take a lot of HP. You'll also be forced to use guns - or power attacks only - to finish them off. Their ranged attack is also ridiculously hard to dodge up close (since it locks on to you), so you'll be S.O.L. when trying to melee.Main villain sucksRais is uninspired and spews the same tired tropes of bad guys in modern media. The whole ""I am chaos"" spiel has gotten pretty old by now. Nothing new or surprising about him, and killing him at the end of the game wasn't impressive at all.Cliche, predictable plotYou figure with zombie genres being so interesting and mainstream that people would come up with something fresh. The only twist that surprised me was Jade dying. The rest was mostly ho-hum. Not much to write home about.Mini map sucksGoes hand in hand with the bad level design. I've found several points in the game where HUD markers don't correctly account for what floor they're on, or even show the proper way to an objective. The mini map also doesn't help me when I'm desperately trying to figure out a way into a particular house because all the windows and doors are locked up, which usually means I have to figure out some obscure, gimmicky parkour-based way to get inside (this has happened far too much).Moves like Grapple suckI never got the hang of grapple, because a lot of key combos the game requires don't translate well on a keyboard. There are also skills I never bothered using, like the ones for 2-handed weapons, since they don't seem all that feasible in a fast-paced game like Dying Light (2-handers are simply just too slow and cumbersome).Zombie drops don't scale and are essentially useless mid-to-late-gameIt doesn't seem that the items zombies give are useful at all after a certain point. The amount of money or items you get from them simply don't scale with the player. After a while its just not feasible to loot corpses anymore.""Swarm"" events happen randomly for no reasonSpecifically when you cause an explosion or fire a gun too much - you'll hear infected screams in the distance, and a few runners will spawn and attack you. In Old Town, these events would happen again and again and again, even when I wasn't doing anything. I've also seen swarm events happen after simply getting an elemental effect on a regular undead, who will scream and writhe and then cause a swarm. Makes little sense to me, and adds a ton of frustration to the game since I was already being quiet.Artificial difficultySlowly but surely, Dying Light lumps more and more zombies onto the player, especially in Old Town. This combined with the bad Demolisher and Goon designs, infected and humans that can magically dodge your swings, and the random swarms makes for gameplay that's far more artificially difficult than it should be.No fast travelThe parkour is fun and the levels aren't so big that its entirely a chore to navigate, but fast traveling from safe house to safe house would have been a good addition, especially since some safe houses are extremely inconvenient to get back to (i.e. the bridge safe house, the tower safe house in Old Town, etc).Ruins its own immersionDying Light started out with a fantastic atmosphere. The sound design, before getting used to all the ques, was fantastic. It eventually wore off due to a combination of factors like limited sound effects for zombies (especially the Toad, which makes the same damn sound every time), a few whacky, immersion-breaking characters, and overuse of gore and dead body piles. I mean seriously... there are points in the game with Dante's Inferno levels of gore in the form of mountains of corpses, and it made me think several times ""how did these bodies even get here? Are there even that many people in Harran?"". The devs abused this aspect of horror and it broke the immersion for me.Uninspired special infected designsRunners. Undead that explodes. Undead that charges and throws rocks. Undead that spits acid. Undead that screams. I basically just described the special infected cast of Left 4 Dead 2. None of the undead besides the Volatiles were unique or interesting. The only special infected that have alternate appearances are Volatiles, runners, and Goons. The rest have the exact same appearance throughout the entire game. Additionally, the Volatiles are barely the stars of the show, despite being the most interesting and intimidating. They only appear twice in scripted main quest events (to my knowledge) and in the unscripted main map at night.Terrible final boss ""fight""I've almost come to expect triple-A FPS titles to have poor, uninspired final bosses. Dying Light, unfortunately, was not an exception. Leading up to the final encounter was a frantic chase, where you run from undead and then eventually Volatiles; but at the top of the tower, all that waited was a quicktime button pressing event, which was not satisfying in the slightest. Was very disappointed with how dull it was.Overall I'm on the fence (pun not intended) about Dying Light. Its definitely not worth a full $60 purchase, so I'm glad I got it on sale. My review is neutral overall, but just for the frustrations the game put me through, I have to set it as not recommended."
76561198079546904,Recommended,239140,14479228,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fancy Schmancy Tomazzah,"Killed a child with a crowbar and got an achievement for it, 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14298986,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,DANG3R,لعبة تستحق الشراءالعبه هاذي بالنسبه لي ابديها ع فار كراي 4 واساسن كريد يونتيمن المميزات الي فيها واعجبتني1- صعوبة الزومبي2- كلما طولت في اللعبه كلما تعجبك اكثر3- التفصيل الكثيره في الخريطه وكثرة الاسلحه والتعديل عليها
,Recommended,239140,14207921,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,GasMask,Dead Island + Far Cry 3 + S.T.A.L.K.E.R. + Mirror Edge = Dying Light
,Recommended,239140,14205540,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,INSANEGAZ,"Although the game starts off slow and kinda boring it does get better as you go but one thing really bugs me and that's not the zombies it's the fact you can run, jump, climb all over the city with little effort but throw a few punches at zombies and you're out of breath and have to back off."
,Recommended,239140,23201990,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DannieB,"Absolutely brilliant game, you will be hooked! Really emersive first-person game and the multiplayer is fun too"
,Recommended,239140,14752555,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Viixaz,Falling results in more deaths than zombies do.When you hear a child crying avoid that area completley.It's fun to just watch zombies fall over or into spikes.10/10 Great family game!
,Recommended,239140,14266517,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Adamski,"I was pleasantly suprised by this game, not always being a fan of titles of this ilk.Pros:- The parkour keeps things fresh- Combat is fun, lots of weapons to find and modify.- Plethora of short and sweet sidequests, activities and interesting ""random encounters"" (a-la GTA)- Rewarding and challenging ranking system without too much grind, just perfect.- Excellent ambience and music, eerily reminiscent of John Harrison's composition in Day of the DeadCons- The plot was bland, shamelessly apes Far Cry 3.- Poorly optimised (however some improvement since recent update)"
,Recommended,239140,14532860,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Venom,"After a month of searching the store for games that look good, I find this beaut! Basically everything Dead Island wanted to be, with parkour, more impactful melee, and guns that actually feel like guns. With an incredibly fun and tense PvP gamemode that puts you on the edge of your seat, with the chance of you dying due to a simple mistake rising with every breath you take. The final boss is a bit lackluster, but Im guessing that they only made it the way it is so you wont ♥♥♥♥ing destroy him with late-game weapons and skills. This game is the first in a long time to truly impress me, and I hope the incoming DLC keeps the fun going!"
,Recommended,239140,14194198,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,kilasha,"During The Day you'll be like free to do what ever you want butDuring the Night you'll be like a food running around and hidingdying light didn't have a problem on me on first day like bugs or fps droThis game is so fun that its making me feel dizzy and i almost throw up xDPros+Good Gameplay (free run and combat is good)+Good graphics (sometimes when i just stop running for awhile and look at the view)+story good so far (haven't finish the game but it's interesting)+skill tree are divided by 3 which means its a big skill tree (making you want to grind and grind)+good fps doesn't drop like other games :D (unlike other games on first day)+can turn on and off invasion (i keep mine off when i play alone its hard to play against an enemy player)+Co-Op+no zombie pop upCons:-zombie players are hard to defeat when you are playing alone (unless you are a pro)- some fps drop when increasing view distance-no fast travel could be useful sometimes-Hook can make you glitch-some quest after a cutscene makes you stuck-tic tac skill isn't tic tac at all it just makes you climb wall higherBe the Zombie reviewYet you can be a zombie too on this game invading other peoples gamePros+its fast and easy+abit balance at the start you started as a level 1 zombie with no skills+it feels like a zombie spider-man+can chat with other people by pressing enter+can spit on peopleCons-Abit unbalance when the people you are playing against doesn't know how to playgame is fun, good and addicting even it made me threw up a little :Dby the way you can stack zombies in a spike barrel :D"
76561198144842281,Recommended,239140,14251468,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,"After 100+ hours on this game, I feel I have played enough to write a solid review. I preordered this game about 3 months prior to release and was able to play the game on day 1. After watching trailers and gameplay I was super hyped for this game (I am a huge zombies fan in general).  On day 1 as you can probably imagine the game had some optimization issues and ran very poorly for all the people using AMD hardware. These issues were resolved about 3 weeks later and as of right now this game runs very smoothly and consistently if you have a GTX 960 or higher. Visually this game looks amazing and the developers did a fantastic job with the graphics (the Chrome Engine 6 is stunningly beautiful if your hardware can drive it), something I always appreciate being a graphics fanatic. I played around 60 hours in the month of January, finished the game, and absolutley loved it. Not every game keeps me interested from start to finish the way this game did.Now for those of you wanting a comparison between this game and Dead Island. This game is a HUGE improvement. The 4 player co-op is perfectly done and actually allows you to play through every mission (INCLUDING THE MAIN STORY), together with your friends. Another awesome addition is the Terrifying Day/Night cycle where the deadly volatiles come out and make even the best weapons seem like plastic. At some point you will find yourself outside as the sun goes down and the city becomes completely dark. then all you are left with is your flashlight and however far you have to run to get to a safehouse. The thrill of getting chased by Volatiles in the dark while running for your life is quite exhilarating. If you are looking for the best co-op zombie game to play with your friends, this is it, Period.Although the storyline is quite predictable and ends with a somewhat displeasing boss fight at the end; it is pretty irrelevant in the grand scheme of this game, the game has Tons of other side quests for you to complete, most are rewarding and enable you to get some kick *** weapon upgrade or blueprint. The game is extrememely fun to just mess around in and have fun with your friends and there are many easter eggs and craftable items which enable you to keep making your character more and more OP and awesome. After 60 hours in January I have recently Racked up another 40 in the past 2 weeks after I found out about all the blueprints and easter eggs there are to complete (all 40 hours spent playing with friends and people I met playing Dying Light).I must take a quick moment to mention how gratifying it is for me to kill a zombie in this game. Not even Dead Island has as good animations as this game does for executing zombies. I can literally drop kick a zombie to the ground, run at it, cut its arms off, throw a knife in its head, cut its head off, knock it to the ground again, cut its arms and legs off, kick the body away leaving the body parts scattered 10 feet from each other, and then burn the remains. Now that might have sounded gory to some of you...but for those of you sick of playing COD zombies and only being able to shoot a zombie in the head...well..you can probably guess why killing zombies in this game is Nothing short of amazing.Lastly I have to mention the Parkour and open world of this game. I have never played a game with such a fun parkour system as this. I can literally entertain myself for hours just having races from one side of the city to the other with friends; Jumping over rooftops and getting creeped by those moments when your ""Not sure if your gonna be able to make the jump to the other building"". The parkour system in this game is designed perfectly and surprisingly I can say that I have never encountered any glitches when jumping around and climbing walls where I fall unexpectedly.Bottom line, it's the best zombie game out there and the best game of the year for me. It will be interesting to see how Dead Island 2 compares to this game when its released."
76561197965928460,Recommended,239140,14817584,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,starwatcher,"Dying Light is an awesome game. One of the few that I do not regret paying full price for. Amazing gameplay. Great atmosphere. Story is weak, but it fits the game and works to enable the gameplay. 9/10."
,Recommended,239140,19692028,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,leffereality,"Favourite game of the year , techland really outdid themselves! good job! 100000/10"
,Recommended,239140,19086940,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Surfer,"The best zombie game ever! I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to be able to do what he wants in the cities with a night and day cycle and mutant zombies. The main story is very good, i haven't found bugs really and it runs very well and i finished this awesome game in 25 hours doing some side quests too but there is a lot to do in Dying Light and well i rate this game 9.5/10 but 10/10 compared to any other zombie game. And there is gonna be a new DLC on february of 2016 :D"
76561198163242083,Recommended,239140,15998504,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Lunatik,"Cool game. Highly recommended.It's a fast game, you are pushed by time so no time looking for all secret places you have a duty.Anyway if you do that you have to do it by highly 'Parkour' skills unless you will die. That makes game extremely crazy. It's not like hit and run. It's - always run ;)Graphics is very rich so it makes game reality look unlimited.We'll see how much I can get from it. Good luck - sleep well."
76561198028882321,Recommended,239140,14246745,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[R]56★W㋛rK[$],"Sans être parfait, Dying Light remplit indéniablement ses objectifs. Mêlant de manière naturelle du Dead Island, du Mirror's Edge et du Far Cry, il propose crafting, exploration, parkour et action avec beaucoup d'adresse. Et de sensations fortes, dont une peur qui s'installe implacablement une fois la nuit tombée. Le tout se révélant jouable à plusieurs, il est taillé pour satisfaire un public très large, quand bien même quelques erreurs de jeunesse l'empêchent d'atteindre son plein potentiel. Peut-être avec la suite ?+ J'AIMEDu free-running de qualité dans un monde ouvert bien peuplé et joli.Des combats sales et méchants.La nuit qui change les règles du jeu.La coopération jusqu'à 4 et les invasions.Sympathique bande son....- JE N'AIME PAS... mais doublage français CA-LA-MI-TEUX.Beaucoup de clones et de modèles génériques.Démarrage très lent, histoire et personnages moyens.L'intelligence artificielle a quelques ratés."
,Recommended,239140,14348707,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mr 0strich,"This game is really what we should expect from a AAA title these days. Very addicting and fun gameplay. A lot of cool mechanics involved and as far as I can tell, there are no major bugs/crashes apparent. Neat story as well. One thing I might add is the game is a bit unoptimized in its current state so if you have a lower end system, you may want to hold out until further patches or just play it on a console. Great fun though, definitely recommend this :)EDIT - Optimization update came out so since then it's been running like a dime. Max settings and 60fps<"
76561198073257793,Recommended,239140,31021511,Posted: 8 April,all,Omni,Great game. Love the atmosphere in day and at night.-Crafting system is great-Lots of variety in zombies-Co-op with friends makes this game tons of more fun than it already is
,Recommended,239140,29555907,Posted: 28 January,all,Geth,"This game is easily one of the best games for coop online. I played a straight 13 hours with my friend without getting bored, the only reason we stopped is because we got tired. I would highly recommend this game if you have friends or even if you want to play by yourself :D"
,Recommended,239140,28877916,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,youtube.com/djblyatman,"I purchased this game only for parkour & freerunning. 'Cause, I am not capable of doing parkour in real life. Wish I could do parkour IRL....I rate this game 12/10, first person Assassin's Creed"
,Recommended,239140,20252227,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,John Prescott,Great when played with friends.
,Recommended,239140,31071115,Posted: 10 April,all,Jeerus Sama,"Exceeded my expectations for the game. Overall it's a great game to play and finish the story mode with a friend or just on your own. Personally, few hours in game I can't do everything by myself being with a friend or group of people would make the missions easier and at ease. During night time, them volatiles see/hear you they run up to you like you opened a pack of gum in school LOL. I don't regret buying this game during sale. I've met a few great people in-game who were joining my public lobby and shared some great tips and tricks. They even donated high leveled weapons for me to be able to survive = D All in all, enjoy the game and keep grindin' = ) Good Night Good Luck"
,Recommended,239140,15766201,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Wafflecopter,"Decided to change my review to a more serious one, because why not.Pros:-The resilience of the zombies: I distinctly remember setting a zombie on fire with a fire weapon. It was still walking around so I decided to cut it's head off. (It was technically dead by this point) It was still walking around after that so I decided to cut it in half. The torso was still on fire and walking around so I decided to cut the legs off. It wiggled around for a few more seconds and then finally died. So much for putting things out of their misery.-The side quests: They can be very fun to play, but they actually have some good  twists in their own story, and they sometimes foreshadow what is going to happen next in the main story quests-The atmosphere: Harran feels very much like a dead city. Flaming cars, occasional screams, hordes of zombies everywhere, and even dead silence-Mods: One of the few AAA games I can think of that actively encourages modding of the game. There's already a lot of custom maps for the game in the Steam Workshop, including a couple that parallel Techland's work in terms of quality, and there's the possibility for other kinds of mods further down the line (ex. new weapons, blueprints)-Night time: Techland isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around when they say ""Good night, good luck"". The game changes from a zombie slasher to full-on horror once the lights go out. Predators called Volatiles come out only at night, they are nearly impossible to kill, are very fast, and can often kill you with a single hit.-Hard mode: Some people complain that the game becomes too easy towards the ending half, this fixes that. ""Survivor sense"" is limited to seeing Volatiles through walls at night, normal zombies become much more damaging (killing in just 2-3 hits), medikits do not regen your health instantly, and certain items become harder to find. This mode addresses most of the issues I list in the ""contriversial"" section-Game looks pretty good graphically: Very good textures, amazing foliage, and nicely detailed weapons. Apparently the lighting is based on physics, I don't know what that means but it looks beautiful-Pack mentality of the zombies: If you kill one zombie, there will probably be two or three more that come around a corner and try to eat you-Uniquely balanced firearms: Sure, you can use a pistol to kill that zombie, but there will be a group of Virals (fast zombies) that will come for you almost immediately-Surprisingly tactical melee combat especially when facing other survivors: The enemy survivors are very, very smart. They can block your hits, dodge them, kick you, dodge your kicks, throw knives at you, and knock the knives you throw at them out of the air (but you can do all of that, too). This requires you to time your attacks well since they can beat you to death very easily if you only try to attack-The physics in the game are amazing: For some reason Techland decided to add actual weight and momentum to your player. This means you can jump from the roof of a van, land on a zombie, and you will crush it under your own weight, leaving it's head vulnerable so you can beat it in with a gas pipe. Also, you can dropkick a zombie into a car, and if it hits headfirst, it will die.-The map design: Techland has designed certain subtle paths for parkour you can take, which flow very naturallyControversial (aka some people hate it, some like it):-The way the weapons hit enemies: It seems like Techland decided to treat the weapon in your hand as an actual physical object with weight and force. This means that all weapons in the game feel REALLY, REALLY GOOD. A blunt weapon will likely stop in it's place when it hits an enemy, which feels realistic and pretty brutal when you're trying to bash a zombie's head in when it's laying on the ground. If the game triggers slow motion, you can sweep the camera around, and hit other zombies in that sweep without touching the mouse button. However, this has a bad side effect - if you have a weak weapon like a pipe and there's an enemy standing to the right of an enemy you want to hit, the weapon will likely bounce off of the enemy on the right and will not touch the enemy you want to hit, which can be very frustrating.-The parkour system: People have praised the parkour system as the best of the new generation so far. However, I feel like there are some problems with it very similar to the problems that most parkour systems have, like things you should be able to grab onto, but can't. Trying to grab onto something below you is a HUGE pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ usually it ends up with you flying off, then mashing the spacebar trying to grab on again. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Usually you don't end up where you wanted to go. However, in just about every other movement, it feels pretty natural and flows nicely.-The damage the weapons do towards the end of the game: You start the game off with a pipe for a weapon. It does 24 damage. You will likely end the game with a katana/machete/longsword/shotgun. These things do upwards of 1000 damage. The enemies' health do not scale to the weapons you have, so, you can just slice through hundreds of infected with no problem, and can even kill Volatiles with just a few hits. However, this doesn't compromise the way the weapons feel. Somehow, the weapons still stay incredibly satisfying throughout the entire game.-The plot: The antagonist is pretty cliche, he's someone from the Middle East who is terrorizing the people of Harran during the infection. The guy you play is pretty cliche as well, he's an American who just happens to be really good at parkour as well as killing zombies, even though he's never done either of those things before. However, outside the rivalry, the plot does take some interesting twists and turns, questioning the morality of the ""greater good"" and whether or not Rais (the antagonist) is really your enemy.Cons:-The motion blur is overused: It looks like Techland decided to put motion blur on literally everything. This makes it very hard to appreciate the graphical beauty of the game with it on.-Some enemies are almost impossible to kill without taking damage: There's a strong enemy with a giant piece of rebar in the game. His main attack is hitting the rebar on the ground, which creates a shockwave that takes away most of your health. 30% of the way through the game, the size of that shockwave doubles. Before, you could easily dodge out of the way, now, it is close to impossible.-The controls for throwing/grappling an enemy are very awkward: Alt & W/A/S/D at the same time. I'll let you try that one."
,Recommended,239140,14335091,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,My name is not important,"Why. The hell. Do games insist. In QTE. Final boss fights?The combat was great, the movement was great, the weapons felt great.Final confrontation? Everything taken away, the gameplay, the movement, the weapons, the cover, the terrain.The damn QTE prompts didn't change and were so damn sudden and expired so quick that it turned into a freaking SIMON emulator.Story? Rather predictable, even for a zombie apocalypse.Now, all that aside, everything between the tutorial and the final boss was thoroughly enjoyable, save for the clever invader that was just too damn hard to kill.--Side note. I will never understand who thought it would be a good idea to give someone a one-hit-kill attack and an invulnerability shield...Final word.I challenge you to find a zombie on a cliff and not laugh as you dropkick it down the side."
,Recommended,239140,33177279,Posted: 3 July,all,N4rUt0,Very good story game and very fun to play with friends and alone
,Recommended,239140,29992773,Posted: 17 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,Zombies / Parkour / Loot / Customizable weapons / Co-op / GunsThis is basically the spiritual successor to Dead Island with added content and replayabilityHighly recommended
76561198025867392,Recommended,239140,35485882,Posted: 4 October,all,Poop Smoocher,This game is excellent.The fact that it's the full game + expansion and often goes on sale for $20 is just way too good.Easily one of the best videogame purchases I've ever made.
,Recommended,239140,35498247,Posted: 5 October,all,DeadLung,"Under rated game. If on discount and you're thinking about buying this game, don't hesitate!"
,Recommended,239140,26934635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gou,"I nominated this game in 2016 steam awards for the custom award ""best co-op experience""...because it is"
,Recommended,239140,14638144,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Blackbelt  | ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,Good Night Good Luck.10/10
,Recommended,239140,34115276,Posted: 8 August,all,Wendy,"I enjoy the game very much, the combat climbing and driving is fun.Spoiler Warning.But... in the main game you try stopping the city from getting bombed, and in the dlc the ""good ""ending is bombing the city, what the actual ♥♥♥♥ devs?""I stopped them from bombing you just so i could bomb you, jokes on you idiots""What is this a Mass Effect 3 ending?"
,Recommended,239140,33270684,Posted: 5 July,all,☾♛ mockingjay ♛☽,Dying light is the best zombie game I ever playedit's very interesting to play it with your friends. I would pay 30 euro for it or even more
76561198042278885,Recommended,239140,14311108,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,*.),"I love Dead Island. Played it on PS3 and a good 300 hours on Steam.I disliked Dead Island Riptide, 3 playthroughs in 50 hours.This is not a bad game, it's just not a great game. I would consider it good for 20 euro.Aside from graphic problems (wich would be logical with my current rig, but it magicly performs as well as a i7-SLI rig if I compare my monitoring with posts from the forums). Now I did some tweaking but reading high end machines having FPS of 20-40 outside...Chronic Abrretion or how ever you write it. It sucks as much as my spelling. But at least I apoligize for it^^Oke, so the game is running. It's not bad. Parkour does what it needs to do. Remember chasing the thief in AC? sprinting and then your hanging on a plant? this doesn't / hardly happens in Dying Light. BIG PLUS.The zombies. Well, they are good. you got the slow majority, recently turned virals (running) and a few nice specials. At night normal zombies can turn and there is the Violate (Blade III vampire). The pyshics are good, you can really bang those ragdolls up, throw them of roofs / stairs. I was afk-isch and suddely a zombie dropped from a roof, broke it legs and still crouched to try to take a chump out of me. The ragdollphysics are sometimes hillariliously  well done.It goes wrong after level 15. You get better wapons, but the zombies don't get scaled. I have a 2.5K Katana able to 1 kill the biggest badass zombie special. (spoiler alert: he is big and fast and doesn't has a hammer).I'm replaying now, simple because I want 100% completion. Now that's a bad motivation. I doubt if I will replay after this.It's a good game, but it's not worth it's price at 40 euro. It look great, but there is little to no challenge in anything. It's not open worl, it's a lineair storyline on 2 big (great) maps. Exploring isn't really encouraged, you get by most sidequests by following the main story anyway.don't think I'm gonna buy DLC for this either. Unless the scaling gets adressed and the DLC contains a new campaignlike content. So far it seems  wapons (you dont need) and challenges, wich you actually don't want to do.But, buy it for 20, you will have a good game.Returned to this game because a friend bought it during the sale. It's quite good now actually. Runs an awful lot smoother, dipped a bit into the Following, wich looked gorgeous. Went back to Haran because my mate just started a new game.Looking forward to play the Following with himI was disgrunted about previous content, but from what I've seen the Following so far, it does justify the cost with it. Hell, im at  130 hours so I consider it all good"
,Recommended,239140,14350279,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,BlackJack λ,"Jeez dis game lyk mirs ege bu wif zambs. This game is a great pc port! And the coop works 10/10 and Yeah, the parkour is really ♥♥♥♥ing sick. It's a fun game with a massive world to play in and maul zombies. Haven't finished it yet, but the story seems pretty sick. There's also some pretty cool crafting in the game. Only dislike is how many volatiles there are at night, wayyyy to many. You should have to live in constant fear of them, but not have to constantly be in crouch so much you suck your own♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ehhhh It might be a bit overpriced, the dev's better make up the difference when they release the Official Mod tools."
,Recommended,239140,29824442,Posted: 10 February,all,Bloop man,"I love it the gameplay is good and you dont need a super good computer to play it, the co-op is good and the freeruning is good, i love everything about it so just buy it"
76561197990710542,Recommended,239140,24147819,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CSM Gomez,Best Zombie game ever made.
76561198068181389,Recommended,239140,32948345,Posted: 28 June,all,SpaceWeiner,An adult version of the floor is lava
,Recommended,239140,29880166,Posted: 12 February,all,Killuminati,This game is addicting as hell and is a blast to play coop. It also preforms very well with the graphics maxed out @1080p.GtX 1060i5 2500k 4.516gb DDR3 @ 2100mhz
76561197961139025,Recommended,239140,14372413,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Glass Shark,"An excellent game that can be described as a blend of Assassin's Creed, Mirror's Edge, and of course Dead Island.  The freerunning is done exceptionally well, and the combat is especially satisfying once you start to level up.  The main story is pretty standard but interesting enough to want to play through, however, the side quests can often provide you with great experiences you'll want to share with others.  On top of all of this the soundtrack is top notch with a very 80s horror movie vibe."
,Recommended,239140,14327389,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Soulyy^ :)~,"Definitely a worthy purchase. So far I have barely played into 15% of the story as the sidequests have be going without it feeling like a chore. Day/Night cycle works very subtly and works well. Personally, night does scare me. Even knowing the Volatiles position as they're marked on your minimap you will constantly check your back and when you get chased it becomes very tense. I find the night to be quite balanced, as the volatiles run faster than you but climb slower so you have to take advantage of the mirrors-edge style parkour that the game perfectly placed in, making it a much more interesting version of Dead Island with the free roaming aspect of it - quite unique to input a parkour system into a zombie game, but it was definitely a good mashup. I myself am not even a horror fan and I enjoy this game - it doesn't try to be scary, and usually isn't - fans of Action/RPG games will definitely enjoy this, even if you found Dead Island to be dull."
,Not Recommended,239140,23802691,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DOOMJESUS,"you shouldn't let these mindless automatons mislead you into believing that Techland just gave away the season pass or ""the following dlc"" to the people who bought the original game. these people who are telling you this, possibly may have not played the game enough to know what content they do or do not have in their library or they are just part of Steam's shill team. no one could really be so stupid as to not know what they paid for. could they?Techland have simply changed the name of the game to ""Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Edition"" (which is a bit disingenuous to customers who purchased the product within the first year of it's release) and they threw in ""the following dlc"" as part of the initial game for new customers, only.the so-called ""enhanced edition"" is the ""plain-vanilla"" version of the game now, it just has a new name and a new (but possibly meaningless) branch on the skill tree. as of now, there is no other version of this game to be had. so the only thing that previous customers get out of this deal is the new branch on the skill tree and possibly one or two short missions (not clear on that) but no actual new content.what Techland are really attempting to do here is to keep the initial entry price of their two-year-old game set at sixty dollars by including ""the following dlc"" as part of the standard package to current customers.you won't be receiving anything extra if you bought the game before ""the following dlc"" was released. got it? i hope so.i'd like to help make this clear because so many of these so-called ""helpful"" reviews that have risen to the top, contain incorrect and misleading information. Techland are not giving anything away for free. this game has a new name, the new name of this game is ""Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Edition"".customers who bought the game before the name change will NOT receive the ""the following dlc"" without paying for it. ""the following dlc"" is included only for customers who bought the game after the name change took place.besides that bit of marketing BS, it's a pretty good game. if you enjoyed Dead Island, most likely you will like this game too because it is the same developer and this game is identical to Dead Island except for the parkour bs which is essentially like having a vehicle that you can drive up walls to get away from the mobs of zoms with because you can outrun all but the fastest zombies and only special zombies can climb buildings. this game would certainly have been named Dead Island 2 if Deep Silver hadn't parted ways with Techland.to tell the truth, i could have done without most of the parkour crap. and the grappling hook is op as hell, it's just like the one in Just Cause but with a long cool-down time to make it more of a pain in the behind to use. once you get that grappling hook, you really start to discover the boundaries of the map, all the places that Techland doesn't allow you to go, mostly blocked by invisible walls and surfaces that you can't grasp onto. i hate invisible walls, always have, slippery surfaces are no better.i wouldn't count on more than a hundred hours of play, i've got just seventy-something and i'm pretty much tired of it. mostly because you have to do insanely difficult special missions to keep your cool, expensive-as-hell weapons from falling to pieces. come to think of it, that's why i quit playing, because i think it's total bs that you have to keep working constantly on these survivor defense missions where they raise the difficulty to impossible just to keep your weapons from becoming virtual paper-weights. so you have this super-badass sword that will one-hit-kill just about any creature and you want to keep it from disintegrating because you've only got one repair left on it, so you accept a ""survivor mission"" and suddenly your uber-weapon turns into this styrofoam sword that requires you to work all day to kill one normal zombie and of course within seconds the survivor dies leaving you with nothing but a worn out uber-weapon that you've invested tons of time in to get it to that level and you can't do anything with it but throw it away. BS like that gets old very quickly for me when i just want to walk around and kill zombies. for that reason i offer a shaky thumbs-up on this one, very shaky. i would have prefered a game i could put about five hundred hours into. but that's not this game, sorry.oh, i remember now, the thing that really burns me the most about this game, the reason i finally gave up on it. you aren't going to believe this, i know i couldn't believe it, even as i was doing it.THE FINAL BOSS IN THE CAMPAIGN IS A QUICKTIME EVENT.there you have it, i guess i'm going to go with a thumbs-down on this one after all. i knew there was something that gave me a knot in the pit of my stomach for paying sixty bucks for this game.they make you spend all that time creating and maintaining weapons and building your skill tree only to hawk a lougie in your face at the end with a quicktime event.and now they are rolling out even more dlc that even the season pass owners are not going to receive.so even if you did buy the season pass for this nearly dead game, they are still going to withhold content from you. great job, Techland. season pass used to mean that you'd get access to everything and you wouldn't have to worry about what new dlc would come along because you already paid out the a_ss and would automatically receive it. so what is the point of buying the season pass when Techland are only going to f_uck you up the a_ss again later with an additional money-milking scheme because you don't have the complete package?; as you were lead to believe that you would.F_uck you too, Techland, you'll never get another dime out of me."
76561198274312425,Recommended,239140,30819463,Posted: 29 March,all,wthompso,Hella fun and great to play with friends.
76561198010188226,Recommended,239140,14425927,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ouroboros,"""Why should I bother reading your review?"" (Skip this if you want)I've had video gaming as a hobby for 20 years, crossing all genres with a big appetite for survival, horror and RPGs. Hence why I decided to review dying light. I try to stay objective and neutral. Give credit where its due and use the stick where the game deserves to be criticized. Note that I'm a Non-Native English speaker.The GoodThe game has great graphics and the gameplay is fun. Despite the gameplay being repetative, the fun is not severely diminished  - because at its core - it is a very enjoyable ""grinder"" / sandbox all the way through. The crafting system is very basic, but better to have a basic crafting system than none. The upgrade trees was something I found alarming because though I do love RPG elements, I was afraid the game would become too easy with all these upgrades. However, the game managed to keep the challenge at a rate that always kept me at my toes even with a ton of upgrades. As for sidequests, they are actually kind of interesting in this game. Even a fetch quest can become fun through dialogue or challenge.The Bad (VERY MINOR story spoilers)The variety of opponents in this game is too low imo. But that becomes nitpicking. Because the biggest flaw this game has - is actually the personality of the main character. Though the story isn't that great or imaginative, I would consider it kinda good for what you'd expect from a Zombie game. The main character however, is a nightmare.Your character is a whiny, unprofessional moron who gets emotionally attached to the doomed people of this ruined city. He cries when a story character dies, as if he cares. I had to roleplay that I was faking it. The main character is introduced as an agent whom sole purpose is to retrive a file. Then he starts crying and caring for the people in the city instead of doing his job. The white knight in shining armor of your main character becomes tiresome and obnoxious as he spews out ultra-moralistic crap as if he was the human embodiment of self-rightiousness. The main villain is also uninteresting and cliche and suffers the opposite, by being completely void of humanity and just ""evil for the sake of evil"".TO SUM UP:Though I personally never cared about graphics (i still consider Fallout 2, Morrowind and ff7 the best games out there) the graphics in this game is really good. But you need a decent rig.The gameplay itself is great. It is fun despite being repetative.Crafting system and upgrade system is good.The challenge is not so hard that it becomes overly frustrating, but neither as easy that you risk to become bored.Enemies are varied enough, but just barely, there should have been 1-3 more types of enemies.The story itself is average, but better than I expected for a zombie survival. Side quests are surprisingly satisfying!What really pulls the score down imo is the lack of some things in the story, like joining factions or faction vs faction assault/defense in the storyline, NPCs you genuinely care about etc.BIGGEST OFFENDER is the main character and the main villain, they are both horribly written and it is impossible to symphatize with either. Your character is too ""good"" on the morality scale, at the point of it almost becoming repulsive. The main villain is unimaginatively written and is the standard one dimensional ""evil for the sake of evil"" boring archetype. Near the end of the game I hated the main character more than the villain.All in all, 7.8/10 - I recommend this game.If you like sandbox games, zombie apocalypse scenarios, survival games, horror and RPG elements and have a good PC, you will probably find this game worth the money. Do not however - expect the story, the main character or the main villain to provide any intellectual or emotional satisfaction on any level unless you are younger than 16 years old."
76561198005271335,Recommended,239140,14217135,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pale Dolphin,"Man, I really can't formulate my thoughts right now -- this was *exactly* the game I was waiting for a really, really long time.Okay, first of all -- so much props to Techland for stepping up and making everything they have planned, and so much more.Dying Light is easily the best sandbox zombie FPS out there, and the best AAA game of 2015 (already, yeah). Techland outdid themselves with this one -- you can consider Dying Light a perfected version of Dead Island (the first sandbox zombie FPS, I think). Graphics, sounds, music, atmosphere, script -- everything was perfected, and released with practically no delays (something for Ubisoft to learn here).If you don't know what to expect from the game, watch the E3 trailer -- the game is *exactly* like the trailer. Which is so hard to believe, actually, isn't it? Well, trust me: I've tried everything they were doing in the trailer -- and it works perfectly: throwing zombies, setting traps, jump-kicking, throwing weapons, running through your course of traps from infected, looking back at them, setting off your traps...And by all means, try the co-op mode, AND the ""Be The Zombie"" mode -- both are absolutely amazing. Co-op in this game is a lot better than in Dead Island (it was meaningless there) -- I can tell you this much.This game deserves the highest rating, this easily can be the game of the year, I honestly mean that. I'd rate it 10.0 out of 10.0, a most certain ""must buy""."
76561198061372787,Recommended,239140,16336773,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RoJe,yes
,Recommended,239140,15227034,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Emperor Gandhi,"I'd appreciate it if you checked out my blog, where I do reviews, giveaways, and more:https://gandhigaming.wordpress.com/I think we can all agree, 2014 was definitely not the best year for gaming by a long shot. And even though it gave us gems like Alien: Isolation or Shadow of Mordor, it was arguably one of the worst years of gaming ever. Dying Light is the first ""major"" release of 2015, and I was worried for this game because I thought the 2014 curse would still linger on and affect this game.Luckily, I was wrong. Very, very wrong.Now, although I enjoy Dying Light, it has various flaws to the game that doesn't make it the ultimate zombie experience we were all looking for. But that being said, Dying Light is a great game and an awesome way to start 2015, and it makes me think that this year will be much better than 2014.GraphicsProbably one of the best things to Dying Light, the graphics look absolutely stunning on PC. Every little bit to the game is detailed. Don't believe me? Check out some of these screenshots I took:http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541896836997986793/D10F15E8921F2BD6BFF6FB7E2191E84224205244/http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541895566612870024/11FFA702F3E89B9735B1A77FC8647D96F91D5BD2/This game continues to wow me with how beautiful the game is and even rivals modded Skyrim. The atmosphere, which may seem to make the game look like a generic90000000 zombies vs. 1 manis actually a bit dark and depressing. No, it's not anywhere near as bad as say The Last of Us, but it isn't cheery. And when night comes, things get intense quick. You can barely see, which means you'll have to use your flashlight, but then in the shadows a Volatile (a superzombie of sorts) will be watching you and trying to strike you. On my very first night, I was running back to my home base, which was somewhat far away, and my heart was racing when I heard one of those things scream. I didn't bother looking back and I had an adrenaline rush. Luckily, I made it back. But this proves that the nights are hectic, intense, and heart-racing. The graphics and atmosphere to Dying Light are some of the best I've seen in a while, and it was done right.GameplayDying Light is a bit different from zombie games in the fact that it uses parkour to get around. And this part I was very worried about, because all the parkour games I've played had god awful parkour, not to name any names. And for the first 5-6 hours or so, I thought my fears came true. However, I got adjusted to the controls and it turns out that all of it is silky smooth. The parkour is great, and jumping from one building to another never felt so nerve-racking and exhilarating. The combat is also good in this game. Instead of going in guns blazing, you have to plan your way to get through a horde of zombies. You can sneak past them with firecrackers or some other distraction, take them out from a distance and use molotovs, or maybe you are just that crazy and you want to go in and kill them all (although you probably won't survive to kill three). The game is over the top in some ways, but it still keeps a sense of realism and doesn't ruin the fun. For example, you have combat stamina and your character can get worn out, giving the zombies an edge. Also, guns are extremely rare to find, and I didn't get one until at least 9hrs into the game, and bullets are even rarer. Weapons can break, you can upgrade them, etc. As for the night mode, it is only scripted to change in the earlier missions, but then the time is free and night can come at any moment. The game is difficult to an extent, the other zombie types make the game much more interesting at night, and the list could go on and on and on. My one issue, however, is that once you get your hands on more powerful items, the late game becomes very easy and the experience can be ruined, killing the atmosphere and immersion. But besides that, overall, the gameplay is smooth and it was executed well.StoryIt's pretty obvious that this would be the game's low point. I figured this would have a cheap story, and I was right. A one-dimensional protagonist I can't seem to become interested in, and one-dimensional characters everywhere actually. Jade is the stereotypical heroine, with her ""I'm 1000% more badass than you"" style, Dr. Zere is all about ""saving the world"" and doesn't get any further than that, Rais is a brutal leader (you don't say?), must I continue? It's a generic save-the-world plot that I can't get into. However, I will give credit to the story for being depressing, because many people (won't name anyone specific) die left and right. Few zombie games seem to understand that it's no easy feat, and so kudos to the writers for keeping that in mind. I don't want to elaborate any further because I'm sure you know where I'm going with this. Generic story, one dimensional characters, boring protagonist...AudioThe audio is good but nothing to write home about. The zombies actually sound somewhat scary and not silly, so that's something worth noting. The voice actors aren't bad either, but the characters are still one dimensional. I also like the fact that the soundtrack doesn't use guitars to make it seem depressing or heavy metal/electronic mix to make me mistaken this game for Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. Yes, it has a mostly electronic soundtrack, but it isn't upbeat. It's slow, somewhat soothing, and fits the mood. Not only that, but because the game takes place in Turkey, it adds a few personal touches to make the soundtrack even better.ReplayabilityThe replayability seems somewhat good. Co-Op is a blast to play and can bring hours and hours of fun, plus finding all the clever easter eggs can be quite enjoyable. You can also try and get all the god-tier weapons and then kill the most deadly zombies in 1-2 hits with no problem. At this point, this is where the replayability begins to fade. As I stated earlier, once you get all the good stuff, the game becomes too easy and kills any atmosphere or suspense. Not only that, but Be the Zombie mode was one of the key reasons I bought this game and it turned out to be very boring and unbalanced. Playing as the zombie is fun, but the survivors with Survivor Sense already won pretty much and it ruins the stealth and suspense buildup the game mode attempts to offer. The replayability though isn't that bad and I may play a few hours postgame to do a few things.VerdictDying Light is not the best game I've played in 2015 so far. However, it's still a blast to play and worth the money if you're fine with a few flaws with the game. In the end, I recommend Dying Light to any big zombie gamers out there, and I'd be more than happy to buy this game again and replay it through.Graphics- 10/10Gameplay- 8.5/10Story- 4.0/10Audio- 7.0/10Replayability- 6.0/10.:7.9/10:.+Smooth parkour+Stunning graphics+Fun co-op+Intense night mode+Keeps a sense of realism-Be the Zombie mode is boring and unbalanced-Generic story with one-dimensional characters and boring protagonist-Late game becomes very easy and ruins all suspense"
,Recommended,239140,14363968,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Notevenfunny,"Get EXPcalibur and drop a B1TCH in one hit,Explore odd areas and find secret blueprints with dodgy names,Drop kick a zombie,Climb stuff,Go out at night time for the first time and learn what R4PE feels like,This game saved the zombie genre 11/10"
,Recommended,239140,17366399,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,hol up nigga,"I'm sorry if this review is not that great, I just want to jump right back in and play more.I've finished the game and I'm now playing the Newgame+.There are more DLC planned including a new huge area bigger than all of harran, and dune buggies and a whole crapload of other awesome stuff, but until then, here's my review of the vanilla game.Graphics: 7/10The game looks very good, but for many of us PC gamers, the texture pop-ins and the medium res textures can be of annoyance. However, this is one of those games where graphics are secondary to the gameplay. Not to say the graphics are bad at all, they aren't, but it leaves allot of Titan cards bored.The graphics and overall aesthetic of the game is atmospheric and does work, but leaves me wanting higher resolution textures and a MUCH better option menu.Sound: 10/10I am a huge audiophile, I only accept the very best sound, no distortion, no jaggy treble, and this game is definitely to my satisfaction. The sound is all there, the footsteps, the grass, the sound of your weapon swinging and the soft sound of the rain is all jaw dropping in how well recorded/generated it is. Sound is not too important for allot of gamers, but if you're like me and you want the best of the best in your ears, pick this game up. Sounds great on my Sennheiser HD518's.Gameplay: 9/10The gameplay is a huge strong point of the game. The combat flows extremely well, the parkour flows even better, and chaining them both together will give you a bloody amazing gameplay experience. The gameplay takes the very best parts from Dead Island, and Assassins Creed/Mirrors Edge and slams those games and shows them how it's done. This game does the tower climbing better than Far Cry 3, Combat better than Dead Island, and Parkour better than Assassins Creed. I can't even begin to explain how satisfying the combat is, but just imagine running up a wall, jumping off, and in mid-air, dropkicking a zombie into a pit of spikes, or throwing a gas tank next to a big zombie and watch it smash the tank and explode. Completed this game, and I am not done at all.Story: 5/10Meh. Nothing new here. The story was alright in the first half of the game, but the drug sequence, and the ""CRAAAAAAAANE"" literally made me cringe. They also gave us very few oppurtunities to connect with the characters that died, and the emotional way Crane bursts out just seems ridiculous given how he barely knew the people who just died, whilst he shoots looters in the face.Little things:Replayable? YesIs it scary at night? Yes, when you start off.Does it run well? Not even on my GTX 970, but that doesnt make the game less enjoyable.Are the devs still active? Yes, they seem to be very active and they engage with their fans very frequently.Eh. There's your review. I'm just gonna submit this and play more. More stuff is coming, the game is fun, it's on sale at the time of writing this review, and it's probably my GOTY."
,Recommended,239140,21108372,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Saint Satan,"ALL developers need to do THISThey released the Enhanced Edition as afree patch.  Any other developer would have charged $20 for this.  This improves the graphics, frame rate, has bug fixes, and new features like post-processing effects.  Awesome.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/SaintSatan"
,Recommended,239140,14265207,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nico,This is probably the best zombie game made in a while.The parkour mixes well with the zombies. You always have to have a strategy or your done
,Recommended,239140,14405094,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Fuggledorf,Very very nice game!This is among one of the first games that I bought the season pass for. I absolutely recommend this game 100%This is my GOTY.I think they're going to add cars in it too.. Here's hoping. they improved the game and it CAN be modded but you have to suffer the co-op.My personal score is:10/10
,Recommended,239140,14221231,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Croc's are nuts,"Great game, what dead island should have been, no cars but parkour, best zombie mechanics and the prettiest graphics EVER!! 12/11 defiently deserves its praise... minus the few problems with graphic settings and such but not a big downside."
76561198005726016,Recommended,239140,14290618,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ice,"Dying Light.+ Graphics look nice.+ Fun combat.+ Solid freerunning.+ Diverse tactics.+ Good day/night cycle.+ Fun pvp mode.+ Fun coop mode + challenges.+ Challenging early on.+ Decent upgrade system.+ Interesting sidequests, some even tearjerking.+ Nice backstory/lore.// Average story - Quite typicall, predictable.// Halfbad lipsync.// Abit buggy here and there. (No AC-Unity don't worry).// Lack of player choice.- Male characters look the same, this is a bigg issue. 50%-70% of the male characters look like the NPC Gazi with different facial hair, even important quest npcs etc.- Nothing to really do after maxlevel. After maxing all skills, you feel like nothing is worth doing since you only get minimal to no reward for doing things (sideobjectives, airdrops, save survivor etc.), would have been nice to see some kind of system in place to counter this.- All  your friends look the same in Co-op except if you have unlocked different costumes, feels quite silly.- Lack of player customization (bad design), they decided to use clothing for different slots (example: Hats gloves, shooes etc.) but you can only equip them as a full coustume instead of combining it for your self."
,Recommended,239140,18932430,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ＣＡＬ,Insane Graphics
76561198046252711,Recommended,239140,21157894,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Machismo King Randy Savage,zombies and guns and cars and climbing and running and slashing and kicking and virus and farms and buildings and bad guys and good guys and people and bicycles(not ridable dont get your hopes up kids seriously) and roads and grass and crouching and fences(some of these are smashable) trees and wind and air drops and knife and windows and no dog zombies unfortunately (minus one point) and its pretty good i guess buy it if you want or dont its not my problem at the end of the day(and/or night).
,Recommended,239140,20232625,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,vctr,A shallow protagonist and a shallow QTE final boss do not spoil this amazing zombie co-op freeroam RPG zombiegame with zombies. P much recommended especially when rushing Dropkicks.
76561198108991688,Recommended,239140,19756699,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Payne,"I never thought I'd like a zombie game, Mostly I play rpgs!Somehow there was something in this game that made me buy it, Maybe it was the parkour, I don't know.If you are looking for a good story, Go for another game as this is as cliché as it gets.If you are looking for a game with awesome gameplay then yes buy this game,They've done really well here, It's really frightening running around in this game at first, And many times you look at the sun to see if you can make it in time to whatever it is you're doing, Getting caught outside early in the game is NOT what you want to be doing.Forget shooting enemies as shots draw zombies, Specially from the assault weapon. Melee up and close, That's what this game is about.The new DLC ""The Following"" looks awesome too.Get it on sale and you won't be sorry."
,Recommended,239140,19942889,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Peksel,"I had my doubts about this game but since my friend suggested it and it was on sale for -66% I went for it. While downloading it I was pretty sure I was going to ask for a refund, since I didn't think my PC would run it.So yes the first surprise for me was how well this game runs even on my rather outdated system:AMD FX-4100 (OC'D to 4.1GHz)GTX 750 Ti12GB RAMOn medium settings this runs 30 - 50 fps which is totally fine for me.The gameplay is extremely fun and I haven't even unlocked all the possible mechanics for freerunning or combat! Extremely fun to run around and bash in zombie skulls. Also it's a neat feature to cover yourself in zombie guts and blend in Rick Grimes style xD.Solid gameplay nice graphics even on lower settings and fun to play!Haven't been too immersed in the story yet since I've been sidequesting most of the time. Totally worth 17€!"
,Recommended,239140,21176006,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Seizure Salad,"Devs upgraded people who owned the original Dying Light to the Enhanced Edition for free and have promised 10 free DLC over the next 12 months.Game is loads of fun whether you're playing solo or coop. Parkour feels fluid and responsive especially at later levels. Combat and crafting is cool and seeing all the ways you can take out zombies never gets old. Game also comes with The Following expansion now and adds an entire new area that is huge and is fun to explore. Expansion also adds a new skill tree and mechanic to the game: Driving.Overall if you want a fun zombie shooter/hack n' slash that also has coop, I 100% recommend this game."
,Recommended,239140,19387578,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AuraNemora,You can drop kick zombies off of tall buildings and climb up said tall buildings and do a parkour.10/10 it's okay.
76561198179277362,Recommended,239140,21404300,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,🅱ick,"Im so glad i bought this! the best game ever i fkin love this!! if you like games where you can cut and slash the sh*t outa zombies or are looking for a game like dat, THEN FÖ0KHIN BUY THIS U'LL NOT GONNA BE DISAPPOINTED"
,Recommended,239140,21585998,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pancake,Killing zombies is fun.Climbing towers sucks.
,Recommended,239140,14268785,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,X|V,"Very good survival zombie game.Think of Dead Island, Mirror's Edge, Far Cry, Assassin's Creed and Just Cause all in one package."
76561198163120613,Recommended,239140,27254009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kasard,Great game its Fun and scary and very challenging game. if u want a  zombie apocalyptic type of game then Dying Light is what you need.
,Recommended,239140,21763669,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Socks,"This game DLC follows the detailed story of 'Crane' a ex-GRE agent searching for a cure in a strange land just outside of harran. It has excellent immursive gameplay, Magnificently organised and original multiplayer, and a story line that rivals that of a tell tale game."
,Recommended,239140,21478208,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,wXzu,"This is the best open world zombie game until now... parkour is so smooth and it's atmosphere is so dark. It is like playing AC, FarCry, Mirrors Edge and Dead Island at the same time. Story is short and not so original in my opinion and some missions are boring. Too much go there open that, go there grab that... missions. Coop offers so much fun. But in Night Hunter Mod there are some people that who uses exploits, cheats etc. They sit in UV Zone and they force you to leave.If you like parkour and zombies JUST BUY IT!8/10"
,Recommended,239140,28607772,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,4ClosedDreams,"Playing along the storyline was fun, but once you hit the end game and the only thing you have left to do is run around to do completions. At that part the game got stale and the only way to have fun again was to help others with their progression."
,Recommended,239140,20815466,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Greyhound,Dead Island: Parkour Edition
76561198154013885,Recommended,239140,14827877,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,hove liggers,Good game. Its reccomended.
,Recommended,239140,15097508,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,NativeOne,"THIS IS THE GAME OF THE YEAR - EASY - and it's FPS !!!The BEST zombie story line and Game play out. If you want Action, Horror and Excitement .. This game is for you ..Coupled with the Ability to go ANY where and every where you want, climb ANYTHING you want (without need for a ladder) ..Repairing weapons on the fly .. Run faster and climb higher than all around you except the one special ""Night Hunter"".Be perpared to be terrorized to even move .. during the day or especially at NIGHT ..""GOOD NIGHT AND GOOD LUCK"" Your gonna need it .."
,Recommended,239140,14203232,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,skoolknot,Mencabar sungguh game ini
76561197994429491,Recommended,239140,19637471,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,VV√{zM}NotNaughtyName,Good NightGood Luck
,Recommended,239140,19165564,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,.L,Parkour !
,Recommended,239140,18155668,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,123..*™,good
,Recommended,239140,14809082,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Boni,just cause 3+zombie + parkour
,Recommended,239140,19947164,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Toxic Whiteout,"Most fun I've had in a while. Quests can get a little repetitive but they are still fun, and you can play through the entire campaign with up to 4 players! The world is massive and it really surprised me how deep and vast it is.I'd definitely recommend this game, and if you are looking to get it to play along with some friends this has some of the best co-op missions out there."
,Recommended,239140,14380498,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ramen for Lunch,"After playing dying light I have based my conclusion on what I have observed.Pros+------ParkourZOMBIES!Weapon varietyBalanced Weapon progressionBuddy system(4 player Co-op)Few Noticable BugsOverall: Dead Island, Far Cry, Mirrors Edge and Call of Dutes packed into one.9/10 Would Parkour and break ankles againCons-------Xp takeaway apon deathSeldom Framerate issues( Very few, but they are still present in some areas. NOTE: Running GTX 970 4GB SC)High Learnign Curve(If you're an idiot. My buddy had trouble with some Parkour elements.)The Story was crisp and refreshing but a tad bittersweetOverall: 10/10 Would dropkick zombies off of a 4 story building again!Conclusion!JUST BUY THE GAME. WORTH THE $59.99"
,Recommended,239140,14384018,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Spatula,This is basically a better Dead Island. Iv'e only played a third of the way torugh the game but this is how i feel about it so far.A few things I feel it does better:-Has a story line I'm at least a little interested in.-Graphics are just fancy.-Font looks like it wasn't chosen by Ray Charles.-Day/Night cycle.-Parkour that feels like its in the game for substantial reasons.-A skill tree that isn't plum full of filler.-Weapons degrade much slower.-You can launch yourself off of a zombie in order to Zangief dropkick other zombies.
,Recommended,239140,14389002,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,gleb_vga,"One playthrough, just finished.OK, this is a solid First-Person Errand Boy Simulator. With a zombie theme.The general gameplay is of a well-known type: Run across town, get things done, don't get killed and don't kill yourself by accident. The story is pretty good, especially so for the zombie-themed game, the atmosphere, especially in the beginning, is fantastic - later you'll become a sort of Conan the Barbarian in the Zombieland, so the appeal of the grim and agressive zombie-infested environment will move from appealing to tedious. As usual, I'd say. Still, quite enjoyable, solidly build and exciting game.Good things:+Mostly nice and compelling story with a good pace. The protagonist, Crane, is, simply put, a nice guy to have around when you play. He is quite vocal, to the point that his attitude sometimes happen to mirror the player's emotions - oh, the frustration of moving through the zombie hordes to get one stupid keycard... it almost brings down the forth wall, in a good way. Also, he is not entirely stupid, which is a grace - you won't feel that ""Oh snap, why my character's idiotic perosnality is forcing me to do all those dumb things?!"" feeling all that often, only episodically, and those can be forgiven, perhaps. The antagonist is a wink to the Far Cry 3 ""madness and chaos philosopy"" with a bit of a refreshing twist.+Crafting is not too sophisticated, it doesn't stand in your way, just look at your blueprints page from time to time to get better weapons, as you accumulate necessery resources. You may indulge yourself in a hunt for specific crafting parts, but they'll all come to you in time, all the same.+Parkour mechanics really shine here. Almost every horizontal surface that's not electrified or covered with wire is good for climbing. Just jump and grab whatever you reach - there's almost always something. No focus-breaking ""oooh, grab me!"" highlits, no cumbersome controls - less frustrating dumb missteps. Personally, I tend to be wary of parkour in games, but here it's actually enjoyable! The addition of the grappling hook helps mitigate the tediousness at the later stages.+Night/Day change. Night is scary, especially at the early stages. Not only there are super-deadly Volatiles out to hunt at night, but the darkness also makes is much harder to navigate, do freerunning and deal with zombies of general variety.+Character progression. You get points for different kinds of general gameplay activities and level up often enogh, just as you go around doing things. The extra abilites you earn are useful and evern add some fun to the repetitive action of zombie-hacking/evasion.+Just big enough map.+Nice visuals.+There are different types of zombies. Some of them can even do parkour, so don't expect just to walk above their heads!+Pretty solid ending.+Challenges are entirely optional, for those who are into that sort of thing.A bit of ranting about not so good things:-The general failures of zombie theme are here, although masked masterfully. The number of zombies doesn't really add up with any estimate you can make regarding the number of city residents, at least if you count the houses in the areas you can access.  Zombie design gets repetitive despite all the efforts of dressing them differently. And yes, judging from what can be seen of the zombies in the game, heavy military vechicles and gradual refortification of the city districts would deal with them... all in all, the whole zombie theme is not all that believable, as usual. But we still love the genre!)-Towards the end, the story starts to drag a little bit, although it does get good for the final moments.-As already noted above, your protagonist will become the heroic zombie trasher, hacking them with wickedly modified blades and stomping their heads with mighty army boots. Ah, also, you'll be Batman with that grappling hook of yours.So, for the special story missions, which are supposed to be hard, the game will awkwardly strip you of your power by suddenly forcing you to deal with infection-caused exhaustion. Just ten minutes ago you kicked any♥♥♥♥♥in town, and now you are a shambling wreck, just in time for the story twist.  Yeah, and no grappling hook, make do with jumps! Oh, come on!In summary, surpisingly good game, definitely worth a try!"
76561198107245823,Recommended,239140,14348766,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gladius Ursa,"Dying Light. Assassin's Creed, Dead Island, Far Cry, and Mirror's Edge met together for a magnificent overnight romp and there are no regrets or mistakes in the combination.No fast travel, but you don't need that when you can parkour almost everywhere or run through the streets bouncing off of zombie heads like you're a horror story version of Mario Bros.Combat is decent. Prefered Dead Island's manual mode to where you could control the direction of your swings, but combat still flows.Predictable story, yet still gripping.In the beginning, night time is friggin' horrifying. Still can't look these zombies in the eyes when I try to say that I hate them.Many laughs to be had when you're drop kicking zombies off of roofs and into traps.Bring a friend or three to this zombie infested game of ""The Floor Is Lava"".9.5/10 Would shift into MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE while sprinting through zombie infested streets."
,Recommended,239140,14332327,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sleepy Kitten,An amazing game if you enjoyed Dead Island and Mirrors Edge. Only issue with me is mainly the performance issues which will cause you to lag is the view distance. Once you lower it the game runs without lag.
,Recommended,239140,14336982,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[Pwny]AUNTY BUTTFUCKER #DOGE,"Attention to detail. I am a sucker for detail, and this game really has it, you can really feel how much polishing and effort went into this game, the physics based combat provides plenty of fun ways to kill zombies, mostly consisting of kicking and drop kicking, the character movement feels smooth and is genuinely fun. The skills and leveling feel very rewarding, running around at night is scary but it's made worth it in XP gains. This game is a 10/10 when it comes to gameplay, not many games provide the level of satisfaction that this game does.Performance is this games weakest point and what initially kept me from buying this game. On a R9 270x my fps gets pretty bad fluctuations, the good thing is that it's only in the beggining where it's unbearable, after you get away from the towers then gameplay becomes smooth.The story, quests, and dialog feels 'realistic' and interesting although being a little predictable. My only real complaint is that I recieved a quest to collect 3 100lb bus batteries, the giver made specials notes about it being heavy and requiring ape like strength, but when collecting the batteries they went into my inventory just like any other item. Most people would have a difficult time scaling walls and fences with 300 pounds of batteries shoved up their♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239140,14408088,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,m4rtjones,"Wow this was a nice suprice, a great storyline that has both humor and sad parts that will keep you gripped, add some pretty awesome graphics, and it all roles to make this a great open world sandbox for you to explore. Once you've mastered the controls and get some decent weapons then zombie killing becomes so much fun, but dont get cockey as you will get bitten.okay peeps stay safe, and dont get caught outside after dark..... PEACE!"
76561197960320995,Recommended,239140,14409304,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mataleon,"Dying light is a deffinitive step up from the Dead Island games, works great, looks good and has the feel of leaving last gen behind. Good open world feel, with good freerunning and looting.  9/10, only minus is at times i died alot just from failing that hook xD"
,Recommended,239140,14320941,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,the end?,"Wow.The reviewers were very, very wrong.So, i'll just go through a few things first.1. The story is not ABSOLUTE GARBAGE. Sure it's generic, but some characters scan be likable, it's logical(to an extent) and it fills its position well.2. It doesn't get boring. The brilliant mechanics here make it a joy to play. Don't take my word for it, look at the people with 30+ hours barely after release.3. I love the human combat. If you use(abuse) the dodge mechanic, it makes the melee fights interesting versus the skull crunching of zombies.Anyway, a few thoughts of mine on the game were that albeit the map looking awfully small, the verticality, claustrophobia, terrifying night mode, and imminent danger while on the ground leaves it constantly new, as you're moving too frantically to really pay much attention.The parkour is absolutely fantastic, with a well worked out skill tree that has very fair progression. It's fluid, fun, and quick, compensating for the hordes of versatile undead.Speaking of the zombies, I love them. Unlike most gorefest games, these zombies are rarely easy to kill. They're resilient and persistent, making sure that you always second guess that escape plan.Nighttime is absolutely brilliant, the startling shift of atmosphere and gameplay is jarring and great. The volatiles are terrifying, and I have never enjoyed such a chase as the ones in this game. With the freerunning here the pursuits are pulse pounding and fun. Never have I loved the eerie violet glow of UV lighting more.Multiplayer is fun, the night hunter is terrifying. The invasion idea is great. Playing as the zombie is fantastic as well.Weapons are good, I hate the speed at which they break, but it adds a sense of conservation and urgency that's important. Upgrades are interesting, guns are rare enough and dangerous enough to nearly be useless, and the melee produce such a satisfying *crunch* that I rarely use guns anyway.Soundwork is great when it isnt the voicing. Lots of groans, pops, crunches, etc make it feel real.Harran is a great setting for this. Really.KICKINGOverall, the story's failings are made up for in excess by incredibly addictive gameplay. I may not have played much yet, but I have had more fun than in any game from last year in it's entirety.EDIT: Quick tip: there ARE bugs. Right now i'm stuck where I need to open an elevator, but the doors stay shut without allowing me the command. Watch out for bugfixing updates and wait it out for that if that's your thing."
,Recommended,239140,14359910,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SirShadowShark,This game is amazing
,Recommended,239140,14396713,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vyntage,"Great game.Pros+Combat is smooth+Animations are smooth+Does Parkour just right+A good, 20 hour story with a ton of side missions to keep you hooked after you've done it+Everyone is friendly...usually...+Be the Zombie mode+A huge variety of blunt, sharp weapons and guns+3 skill trees+Night is scary+The story pulled me in+Voice acting was spot onCons-Story was sad-Some people aren't friendly-Some glitches"
76561198057708897,Recommended,239140,21538499,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Predator,Dying Light was a huge surprise to me and is one of the best titles of 2015 in my opinion. The game as a whole just feels like Techland delivering what Dead Island should have been. The gameplay itself is like Dead Island except much better and much more responsive. There is also the parkour element in here which works exceptionally well with the combat and reminded me a lot of Mirror's Edge. The map of Harran is excellent and comes with a lot of variety and places to explore and is actually pretty big. The story isn't anything remarkable and is a bit predictable but overall was far better than what I expected. There is plenty to do in Dying Light besides the story with a lot of sidequests and outposts to take over as well as simply just exploring. Dying Light can be played either single player or with co-op with up to four players. The cooperative was great fun and easily the most fun I have had with a co-op game since Borderlands 2. My only complaint would be the abysmal ending but other than that this game is pretty flawless. Oh and most importantly Dying Light runs like a dream. The game comes with a huge variety of pc options to choose from such as fov options which I very much feel every first person game on pc should be required to have. The game ran at a solid 60fps the entire time I played on ultra settings without any problems at all. Overall Dying Light sets itself apart from the many other zombie games out there and came off as a extremely fun experience and is definitely worth the money.
76561198230426812,Recommended,239140,30972106,Posted: 5 April,all,Reafi,Great game!
,Recommended,239140,30914415,Posted: 2 April,all,Pawa,"Woah that game is great! Not a fan of zombies game usually, but this one is the best I've played so far. Coop is a must if you have friends playing. Had a real great time playing so far."
,Recommended,239140,14727319,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Chicken,"I have been playing this game for 39.8 hours.I must say I'm loving each minute of it :)It's a very refreshing change from Dead Island, in the sense that it offers ALLOT more freedom of movement.I absolutely love the cycling weather system.Graphics: 9.Very nice graphics, really love the day and night cycle (wish it was longer).I would like to see a more variety of weather (complete fog, more rain, heavy storms) & not just sunny days.There are issues with NPC voice and animation synchronization (minor stuff).Multiplayer: 9.The Zombie vs Player is a very exciting concept, very fun teamgame.Joining another game is very easy.I do find it irritating that everybody has the be at a location in order to accept a mission.Story: 7.5-8.The story is standard zombie.The main story is a bit boring, side missions are interesting at times.The ending was kind of boring and easy (expected a much more tougher fight).I do find it very irritating that I can't play the final part with friends :(.Replay: 7.5-8.If you finished all achievements than there isn't that much to do.But playing with friends is very fun.Overall: 8-9.There are not many special zombies :(, so it's not that scary (Need mor creapy kids running around).Overall its a very fun game, the Parkour style is a very refreshing change from other games.Has allot of potential and would love to see mods DLC, maps etc being available.The game is graphically heavy, so a high end system is required.I really enjoy running around during the night.It gives a higher adrenaline kick :PUpdate:The new Hardcore mode is much more intense and for me makes it a much more realistic experience.The latest patch have made the game run much much smoother.Absolutely no lag with all the settings to there maximum (Very happy about that) :D.My system:CPU: i7-4770K.RAM: 8GB DDR3GPU: R9 290X."
,Recommended,239140,19981563,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ragdoll,"Falling To Death Simulator where you can craft a sword more efficient than a shotgun.Ok, seriously, this game is what Dead Island should've been. The side quests actually makes sense and are very original at the same time. Also, the multiplayer is really really fun! The main story is kinda generic but this is a great game to buy if on sale.If you like zombie games this one is a must play.I didn't play on singleplayer and I enjoy games with more deep story, but I'll give it a 8/10.Specially with friends this is a very fun game!"
,Recommended,239140,14834384,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,dylza,"Do I recommend this game?Is that a question?I LOVED THIS GAME.imo, best game of 2015 so far.Score out of 5Sound: 5Gameplay: 4.5Story: 4Controls: 4PARKOUR?: 4.5ZOMBIE KILLING?: 5I bought this game for $72 and it was well worth the money!"
,Recommended,239140,19396165,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MERICA,One of the best zombie games I've played in a long time.10/10
76561198042354590,Recommended,239140,17322618,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,meme man,a very good game
,Recommended,239140,30875544,Posted: 1 April,all,BRUCY27,"One of the best zombie hack and slash games i'v foundbest when played with friends in co op ,parkour to the extream, blood,crafting,open world, recommend"
,Recommended,239140,32923765,Posted: 28 June,all,Mk2000,"One of the best zombie games I've played-a lot of parkour elements-thrilling action and plot twists-looting is the essence, open crates, lockpicking-pretty long storyline and sidequests with considerable rewardsHighly recommend it!"
,Recommended,239140,21241918,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Corey,"By playing Dying Light, I've come to the realisation that every game needs a dropkick ability."
76561198267470153,Recommended,239140,26666409,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,x8_ZION_8x,I absolutely love Dying Light : D I have not gotten value for my money like in years. In my opinion this is the pinnacle of zombie games. I  regret not knowing how amazing this game is on its release date. If someone from one of the companies reads this TechLand + WB you guys are best please never change <3 Ps.  Be the zombie is like a whole other game on top of this already stellar package and i can't tell you how much i respect your dedication to making this entire game + X-pac a true work of art thank you TechLand and thank you Warner Bros you guys kick ***. I can't wait to see what comes next : D
,Recommended,239140,27742550,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SSC | KingGravity,"Like zombies? Like guns? Or just like to smash zombies with your iron pipe?Dying light mixes elements from such as Dead island, Mirror’s Edge and Far cry in this amazing storylineYou’re stuck in the city of Harran on some secret mission for the government, in order to get out of the infected zone you need to find a person who has his hands on important documents.This story is amazing and so is the game play, during the day zombies are almost harmless as they are nocturnal creatures you will have to watch out at night, you have crafting, melee weapons but can also find guns if that isn’t for you, your skills in parkour is what keeps you alive so you better learn quickly or face a curtain death.Get the documents, survive, kill zombies, climb and jump from roof tops, sounds easy, right?But death is just around the corner"
,Recommended,239140,20292191,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Z i ll i E,"░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒█▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒█▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓██████░░░░░░░░░▒▒███████▒▒▒▒▓▓███████▓▒░░░░░░█████████▓▒▒▒██████████▓░░░░░▓██████████▓▒▒██████████░░░░░▒▓██████████▒▒▒▓█████▓▓░░░░░░░▓███████▓▒▒▒▓█▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░▒█████▓▓▓▒▒░▓▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒░▒▓█▒░░██░░▒▓██▓▒░░██░░▒▒▒▓▓█▓▒░░▀░▒▓████▓▒░▀░░▒▓▓▓██▀▓▒▒░░░▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒░░▒▒▓█▀░█▓▓▒░░▒▒▒░▒▒▒░░▒▓▓██░░█░▀█▓▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▓█▀░░▄██░░█▓▒▒▒░░░░░▒▒▒▓█░░█▓██░░█▀█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▀░░█░█▓█▌▓█░█░█░█▀▀▀█░█░▄▀░█▓█▓█░░▀█▀█░█░█▄█▀░░█▓▓█▓▓█░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▓▓█▓▒▒▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▒▓██▄█░░░▄░░▄██▓▒▓█▓▒▒▓█▒█▀█▄█▀█▒█▓▒▓█▓▓▒▒▓██▒▒██▒██▓▒▒▓█.█▓▓▒▒▓▀▀███▀▀▒▒▓▓█…▀█▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓█▀……..▀▀██▓▓▓▓██▀Dying Light has a solid-designed open world experience,The parkour element is the best feature of the game,and the day&night-mode makes the game even more exciting.you can solo enjoy the storyline by yourselfor enjoy the funnier way with some help from friendsas the game support multiplayers.+ you get free awesome DLC ""Be The Zombie""the mode that you play as a zombie who hunts down humanand mutation yourself each kill you gainyou can become an ultimate zombie and destroy all the servivors.This is, without a doubt, one of the best zombie game ,you should try..."
76561198089360854,Recommended,239140,24045447,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,nzdjking,"Let me start off by saying this is one of my favorite games and in my opionion is definatly worth the purchase.  However if you are looking through reviews thinking about buying this game here is my 2 cents about the pros and cons of this game.Story (Main game)+ Easy to follow+ Can really build a nice atmosphere in some of the dark rooms/sewer tunnels- Story can be a little bit predicatble- Characters are a litlle bit dull, none of them really shine- You have your sterotypical bad guy, which anybody that has played a game with an antagonist has seen before+/- All story missions can be played with a friend! ...except the final mission* The story is a weak part of the game, not going to lie, however it more than makes up for this with its gameplay.Gameplay (Main Game)+ Has a beautiful free movement system that will have you running, climbing and jumping from one obstacle to the next one with fluid yet effective movements+ Optimizes the slow motion really well to show off those hard hitting kills+ Interactive enviroment that can help you rack up multiple kills effortlessly without having to use resources+ You SERIOUSLY didn't skip leg day, the proof is in the drop kick+ If you find the game too easy/too hard change the difficulty+ Lots of gore for you and the whole family to enjoy+ Wide open map to explore+ Night time is INTENSE with a dark room and headphones- After you reach max level and all missions are completed, killing lots of zombies does get dull- If you have a very slow compueter some of the speed challanges are unfortunalty impossible, due to the lag causing your computer to make you run slower, while the timer is working at normal speed+/- Singleplayer gets boring quite quickly if your not grinding missions, playing with a friend gives the experience a whole new dimension of fun+/- The game will start off with it being a chore to kill a single zombie, however when you reach the end-game you can kill dozens easily with all the perks and stronger weapons you find (i've labelled this a +/- due considering some players like the challange of survival, where others like mowing down hordes of the undead)* This is what makes the game essentialy what you want it to be, have competions on who has the most stylish kills, most kills in general or who can make it the fastest up a giant building, its up to you!Multiplayer (Be the Zombie)+ At the beginning you truley feel powerful as the zombie, latching on to a target and ripping them apart grusomely is one of the most satisfying things you can do as the zombie+ (This is my personal experience, some of you guys might not be as much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ as i am). When i was first the human, I was seriously shaking in my chair, knowing there was an ultra powerful super zombie stalking me ready to pounce at the first oppurtunity he/she/(it?) got. Your character really sounds scared and the sound track helps with that... a lot.+ The slow motion used in this is beautiful, it really brings out the power in the human's and the zombie's  attacks.- There is no tutorial from the human side, if you don't have zombie invasions disabled and you haven't seen this before... your gonna have a bad time- The game looses it's hunt or be hunted theme and becomes more of a game of chess where you know exactly where the opposition is when you become more experienced at the game- Early game: Wow the hunter is so OP. Late game: Wow the human is so OP.- I have seen A LOT of cheaters more or less all of them from the human side* I fell in love with the multiplayer at first, however after 7+ hours of it, it just lost it's charm and didn't feel as enjoyable in my opinionBozak's Horde (DLC)+ Fast paced challanges that will keep you on your toes+ The Bozak's Bow is the end reward for completing and only bow worth using, the normal bow is a waste of inventory space- Very repetative, challanges are not randomly generated and so when done enough you know the exact challanges in the exact order* Quite a nice challange to add, however nothing too big other than the only way to obtain the best bow in the gameThe Following (DLC)+ You get to drive a buggy, rigged with flamethrowers, an electric cage and NITRO BOOST so you can run over zombies instead of cutting them to tiny pieces+ The new gun; the SMG is a nice alternative to use, the most fun weapon in my opinion+ The new map; ""The Countryside"" is HUGE+ Freaks of nature are very fun boss fights, especially with friends+ Volitile nests are a very nice challange and for the insane you can do them during the day- There is a lot less free running due to the maps flat nature+/- The story and nature of how you play is quite different, whether that is good or not is up to you* The DLC is PACKED with new content and an alternative way to play, definatly worth it in my opinionI would definatly recommend this. But don't buy it without your parent permission, cause if mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy."
,Recommended,239140,14230024,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Lex Lagger,"What can I say about Dying Light?I could say that it's FarCry mixed with Zombies and Mirrors Edge or some other lame comparison, but the truth is it's so much more.The game had a bad launch as many titles do with a ton of bugs and optimization issues, but once you are past that and playing the patched up version there is a lot to see. The level of detail put into this game is amazing. Things you just run by are so well crafted and the attention to detail is amazing. Dying Light truely is a beautiful game.At the start even normal zombies can be deadly, night time? Near impossible to confront anything and the terror sets in. The combat is fluid, the parkure is fantastic and smooth, and the side quests... Oh the side quests. Of course as the game progresses you do level up, and in doing so become near god like and really need to make mistakes to die. Want it harder? Use weapons that don't do as much damage and it will be a lot more demanding of your attention and skills.If you have only been playing through the main story and not doing the side quests then you have truely missed what Dying Light has to offer. There is so much detail and story wrapped up in the side quests that it's hours and hours of game play. Some rich and deep, and others some what shallow and quick but not all have to be epic storys. The characters in the game develop in a way that keeps you at a slight distance while still giving you some hints about who they are. While we are talking about hints let us not forget about the easter eggs. They are everywhere, so many call outs to other games it's insane. There are several movie call outs as well, that are well placed in the game.Many have tried to do the survival horror thing right, Dying Light does it, and it does it very very well.Co-Op is a blast and honeslty better than playing the game solo provided you have the right group and not just people that are flying through for the sake of flying through.So if you enjoy good story, side quests, easter eggs, fun combat mechs with mutliple ways to engage, exploration, survival, and zombie games, then this is for you."
76561197999644005,Recommended,239140,28710169,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tibexus,"Imagine Assassin's Creed was first person, had zombies, guns, good multiplayer and no sh***y Uplay."
,Recommended,239140,14878911,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jomaan,"No aspect of this game brings anything new to the table.90% of zombies are merely obstacles to run through on your way between quests. They never pose a threat.The special zombies feel too much like the ones from L4D. In fact, almost exactly identical.Lockpicking couldn't be any more cut and paste from Fallout. It doesn't add any depth, just rotate your pick and turn the lock, with smaller thresholds bringing ""difficulty""Clearing safehouses and turning on radio towers, thus opening the visible scope of the map, is strangely reminiscent of many Ubisoft games.There have been games in the past that have tackled parkour successfully. This game doesn't feel like one of them. It isn't robust enough. I find myself being unable to grab some ledges without struggling, particularly ones located on radio towers. Not even ones that should be considered difficult, either. It's usually the ledges nearest to ground level it has trouble with.Because of this parkour system, 99% of the time those 90% of zombies are rendered 100% useless. No threat at all. Only a few zombies who run and climb that are scattered about will have any chance of causing you trouble.I can't beat up on the weapon upgrade system too hard, it actually seems quite OK in this game.However, I can't kill but 2 or 3 zombies before my weapon is rendered completely useless. The soft, rotten skulls of zombies should not be able to mangle my metal weapons as if they were built of playdough.Fetch quests that ask for non-unique items like weapons will not prompt you to select which one to turn in to it. In the case of one quest that asked for a pistol, I returned later with two pistols on me. One that I use, which has high damage, and another I decided to turn in, which has poor damage. Guess which one it took. It doesn't care if you have it equipped or not. So beware during your playthrough, and store any duplicate types of fetch quest items you wish to keep before turning in.There could be a wider variation of NPCs through the game. Often times you will talk to two different people, who are key to some quests, not filler, that are identical save some clothing choices. It's kind of uncanny.All in all, though the gameplay brings nothing new to the table, it's still a well knit piece of work. If this type of game is your thing, grab it on sale. It's enjoyable, but don't expect it to blow your mind."
,Recommended,239140,24041030,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,L0L_BAS,"This game is absolutely amazing. It does everything right.- It barely has glitches, and the ones it does have aren't game-breaking.- The story isn't exactly the best ever, but it does a good job at keeping you interested.- The freerunning is smooth and epic.- Night-time can be really scary.-  Both the crafting and skill trees are well made, and require active input to get right.- There are hilarious jokes scattered everywhere.Overall, you should totally buy this game, as Techland did an AMAZING job at it."
,Recommended,239140,29558809,Posted: 29 January,all,akp [JP],"Amazing game! Even Normal provides a decent challenge, which is good. The gameplay is super fluid and the graphics look amazing. This game is also well optimized. Highly recommended."
76561198003422129,Recommended,239140,32864930,Posted: 27 June,all,Jefeon,"An amazing game and the coop is surprisingly a lot of fun, finally a dev team with a great mind, I hope Techland will release many games in the near future."
76561197966076282,Recommended,239140,15934588,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Alexoferith,"The game is fun to play but I cannot help feeling a little bit disappointed for the price I paid. I bought it when it first came out so it was pricey. If you play the game and follow the main plot, you can finish the game quite quickly. I suppose the game play design is quite good as I find myself playing the plus level, then hard, then hard plus. And my next plan is to play the game without any weapon, Not sure if anyone has done this from the very start. There are already videos on youtube with player using bare hand but he or she is max out already.The co op side of the game is fun if you play with friends. Playing with someone you don't know can be frustrating but then again, it can be fun if you don't mind roaming around.In the game, there is an invasion mode where other player can play as zombie and ""invade"" your game. I have to say, I was bored with that mode after being invaded for the third time.  I don't know. I found myself just hacking away something that don't move... OK, if you are playing invasion mode on your own, it may be a challenge but in coop mode, I find it a little boring.By now, most bugs are fixed which is good as you cannot duplicate your best weapon or upgrades. So, you will have to keep an eye on your weapon. I started playing the game when some bugs were there to allow me to duplicate stuff. That actually shortened the playtime.All in all, the game is fun to play. I really like the parkour bit. This makes this game stands out from other zombie game. I played Dead Island but I never played it a second time. I played this game over seven time because of the parkouring bit.Edit: Now with the update of Enhanced Edition, NOW we are talking. This is what the game should be from the beginning. With the nightmare mode, it becomes one of the best games I have played since I joined Steam. Some may complain that it is ridiculously hard due to some of the new features of the game but I call it a real challenge. Almost all exploit glitches have been rid of, apart from the dupl glitch in PS4. Well, there bound to be someone who will look for a way to beat any system or shortcuts, however you call it. Well done, Techland."
,Recommended,239140,14407724,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,misslindsey,"If you are looking for a good story, or at least one that isn't inexcusably cliché at every single opportunity, as well as solid/likeable characters- look elsewhere.With that said, what Dying Light lacks in story and exciting quests, it makes up for with its absolutely brilliant co-op parkour fun. There is much fun to be had when running around and exploring this city with your friends, especially once you begin to level up different skills and obtain stronger weapons to help you mow through the large zombie counts.The graphics were a little muddy, but that was easily forgettable after an hour or two of gameplay. Additionally, the damage you deal to zombies was exquisite- giving you proper visual feedback of the damage that you are dealing versus obviously predetermined death animations.All things considered- this game has many high and many low points. If you liked Dead Island's gameplay, you will love this game as it is a logical upgrade to the development team's previous work.I would recommend Dying Light if you have a group of friends to play with, but I would hesitate to recommend it if you are just playing on playing the game solo.7/10"
,Recommended,239140,33994810,Posted: 3 August,all,AlexTB,"Probably not helpful, but damn is this game good! It gets an 8.5/10 from me. The only thing that's bad about it is the story which is kinda meh. Gameplay is fantastic!"
76561198126522294,Recommended,239140,30044726,Posted: 19 February,all,Zodaik,One of the best Zombie open world games I have ever played
,Recommended,239140,35473235,Posted: 4 October,all,ArmoHunter,"Un jeu fluide et fun, surtout avec des potes!Je recommande !"
76561198070557509,Recommended,239140,33809612,Posted: 26 July,all,MIND_CONTROL,The only game on my steam account which I can justify paying full price for.20/10  would buy again.
76561198118228940,Recommended,239140,35484327,Posted: 4 October,all,Homicidal Cow,"3,200 people think that a game where you get to drop-kick zombies off of buildings, cannon zombies across the map by throwing a propane tank at them until they die, and get a bloody grappling hook is ""a bad game"". This game is a god damn work of art.11/10 Would kick an angry, hopelessly out-of-their-league survivor to death again"
76561198155723498,Recommended,239140,17541439,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Shlipduk,"As a Dead Island fan I can honestly say that this game is the best actual zombie game (fps).Play it at the game's night time and get ready to crap yourself. (Use headphones)- Crafting 7/10- Graphics 9/10- Zombies 8/10- Night time 9/10- Missions are kind of reppetitive at some point, just sayin'Game campaing/main history's plot is not good, do not expect interesting characters, just have fun.Wanna have real fun?, Play coop it with friends."
,Recommended,239140,28115378,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,HYC-LOVE,"This is the game I played the most time. It's really fun in the open world coop with friends. The in game mic and chat function is definitely increase the gameplay experience. Also, the hunter mode maximise the experience of action and make this game never boring."
,Recommended,239140,25892322,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Go Towards The Light,"Played this before Dead Island, as a result, I can't play Dead Island because being unable to jump over 2 foot tall bush hedges ruins the experience entirely.This game has it all and multiplayer is not required for a good time, infact, I would suggest that the real experience is the single-player. Although, I always abuse the frozen time mechanic in the first few missions and activate the safe houses before continuing with the story, because ya, the night is dark and full of terrors."
,Recommended,239140,20229407,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lil Pump 4xanax,"I've actually finished this game long time ago, but here is my review.INTRODUCTIONDying Light is an action survival open world game presented in first-person perspective. It may be squalid and zombie-infested, but Dying Light's city of Harran isn't a depressing wasteland – it's a vibrant, ambitious, open-world playground. It could be similar to previous zombie-survival you had played like Dead Island maybe? But here, buildings are for climbing, the undead are there to be destroyed in creative ways, and there's always something interesting to be discovered nearby.STORYPretty interesting story.Spoiler Alert!In summary - Kyle Crane is GRE agent who is tasked with recovering data from the overrun city of Harran that could cure the virus rampaging throughout the city. The virus transforms the victim into a zombie like creature or into special mutations of that. After getting bitten inside the city, Crane has to blend in with one of the two main factions of the city, while staying undercover to try and recover that data. But he may have bitten off more than he can chew.GAMEPLAYThe FPS perspective makes it looks realistic and incredibly fun as in you are really exist in the game world where you roam an urban environment devastated by a mysterious epidemic.Scavenging to craft - Make your own weapons, medicines and bold your pockets by looting some trashes, boxes, lorries, zombie corpses, and etc . Crafting also comes with delight various level weaponries.Scavenge for supplies to send back to the safe zones.Team up for missions in multiplayer mode - Engage in competitive challenges, or just run around and bash zombies together. It was fun; they even have mini challenges with your partner throughout the multiplayer mode to earn some achievements.Invade other people - in Be the Zombie mode. But it is sometimes frustrating because most of invaded players always immediately quit or even disable for being invaded.Weaponized your self - Discover a new rare blueprint is most blithesome feeling in this game. It’s so rare! You won’t expect it will be placed in that kind of place.You are leveling up as you are surviving, parkouring, and beating some asses! Especially in the nighttime.Set up traps – Players can also use environmental traps, such as spikes and electrified fences to kill the infected.Throwing stars, tomahawks, etc. are ranged throwing weapons that can be aimed and used to take enemies out silently from a distance. They are silent and do not summon virals, unless you use them to ignite a gas tank.Explosives are either in the form of grenades (thrown and explodes) or bombs (which attract then explode). They all cause noise and attract virals.Molotov cocktails spread fire where they're thrown and will ignite the infected. Can often spawn virals after using.Support items each have their own role, flares repel zombies, firecrackers distract them, and the UV flashlight for stunning infected at night. There is less used items like the Pyza Suit which lets you glide.The slow motion combat is gory and so cool!Last but not least, when you have unlocked grappling hook, here comes the spidey !CHALLENGE LEVELwhen nighttime comes everything changes. The zombies get faster and stronger and new mutations called, Volatiles come out to ruin your day. Good night and good luck.CONTROLDying Light control scheme seems pretty familiar and at the same time highly customizable, with a couple of unique elements. In high pressure situation your survival in the game will depend on your performance and how quickly you react, thus, if you want to improve your gameplay and effectiveness you should take maximum advantage of your custom key binding scheme.GRAPHICReally atmospheric and warm with a great depth of field. The blood and gory while slashing the zombies especially while slow motion are fantastic.REPLAYABILITYDefinitely will come back. Ive replayed a couple times – especially to finish all the side quests.VERDICTHighly recommended 11/10"
,Recommended,239140,15100146,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jinsai,"Graphically rich take on ""first person Diablo"" gameplay. The parkour stuff is OK, if occasionally frustrating. The nights are genuinely terrifying. Feels a bit lifeless/uninspired at times, but maybe it's just one zombie game too many. I actually preferred the previous ""Dead Island"" games."
76561198052868311,Recommended,239140,15985672,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,aCostlyManWhoR,"pirated it, beat it, loved it, bought it!"
76561198010444751,Recommended,239140,14329685,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ShwayShway,"Dying Light is a zombie fighting survival game.PRO:-The Day/Night cycle is very well done and help build the atmosphere of the game as zombies scale to your level, so unless you join a friend who is just starting out, fighting is always a challenge no matter what time of the day.-There's always a place to explore and scavenge, seriously like holy cow there's so much to find and look for I don't think you understand how much was put into the maps.-Graphics aren't mindblowingly awesome but are gritty enough to really make you feel you are in a war-torn zombieland.-The game doesn't shove crafting in your face. Like really all you need to craft early on is about 20 med packs, and you really don't need to do anything else. As a guy who really despises games who throw in crafting just to make it a selling point, it was reasuring to see that it wasn't a main focous of the development.-Bashing heads dead or alive is so satisfying, really just seeing these litte buggers collapse to a well placed dome swing is just so rewarding in of itself.-Mod suport!-Night time is absolutely horrifying. During my time in the game I've never wanted to land once on the ground due to fear of what lurks below.CON:-Horrendously unoptimized. I've got a decent machine that can at least run these current gen types of games at high graphic levels, but all graphical features are either off or set on low.-Freerunning isn't 100% ready, so you'll either be making jumps you didn't want or fall to your death multiple times.-The game itself feels like it needed another month to squash out these bugs, though to their credit the dev team has been patching the game every 3 or so days, so at least they've been taking care of their baby (unlike most AAA games released these days).-The main story really isn't something to sing praises, plot holes galore, uninteresting, tries to force emotion by taking lives of characters that aren't really estableshed, and the main villain acts like he's so deep and understands that humans are scum bla bla bla. All in all it takes maybe 4 hours if you power through missions like crazy.TL;DR7.5/10 if you like the number system. All in all just straight up fun zombie survival game that feels like it had lots of love put into it, something that you don't see in games of this caliber these days. Has bugs, but the developers have been patching this game to bring it to the high standards they've set themselves since release."
,Recommended,239140,14639034,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Spaceman84,Zombies + Parkour = AWESOME.
,Recommended,239140,19210661,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Jimmibob99,"This game is very good at mixing a Mirror's Edge type of gameplay with Dead Island zombie killing goodness.One good game that could possibly get boring over time mixed with a brilliant game...10/10Have fun killing things that are already dead without having to worry so much about getting cornered because often than not, there is a place to escape to through the power of parkour."
,Recommended,239140,32828331,Posted: 26 June,all,MonkeySpice,"Damn! This is already my favorite game and I only played it for 2 hours! This has got to be the best FPS parkour game in the history of video games! You can climb on almost anything whether its roofs, ledges, fences, and so much more! The storyline is fun but sometime annoying when you have to run at night because of how stealthy you have to be. This game is basically Assassins Creed mixed with Farcry. Survival game by day and Horror game by night!"
,Recommended,239140,21531261,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,kARMA,VERY GOOD GAME
,Recommended,239140,26006158,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Its Grimmm,"The first couple of minutes of gameplay, I was immersed in the story line, real good plot and combat.It is better than the Dead Rising series by a farshot, I would reccomend it to anyone who likes this genre of games."
76561198113756022,Recommended,239140,29286765,Posted: 15 January,all,itsshades.tv,"Recently hit 200 hours on this game and I cannot hype it enough even after all this time.  The feel of the game! The atmosphere, the combat, the graphics,the storyline, and the WILD amount of weapons & abilities make this game a blast even playing solo!  Single player mode's atmosphere definitely sucks you into the story more, giving you a SERIOUS case of spooks n feels; and multiplayer is a BLAST killing zombies, helping others on their own journey, and making friends!! If you enjoy zombies, survival, or parkour, I strongly recommend this game. GET THE EXPANSION, GET HYPED FOR THE NEXT INSTALLMENT, and get ready for one of the best games you'll ever play.ADD ME IF YOU NEED ANYTHING! I'm glad to help ^^"
,Recommended,239140,20219227,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,keeri,"Pretty cool game, I've had low expectations about it on release, but there are plenty interesting gameplay mechanics and the storyline is actually decent. More fun in co-op, loot is not shared. System requirements are not too high. Game becomes less interesting after around 50 hours, although it has support for custom levels, and a new campaign in plans."
,Recommended,239140,14581697,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zupsterr,"This is defenetly one of the most entertaining games I have ever played, the story is great, the character movement feels so right and really fits the whole parkour theme. I cannot get enough of this game. The matchmaking/co-op mode is perfectly stable and I have made a lot of friends through random matchmaking. I can't remember the last game that had me hooked like this."
76561198112007350,Recommended,239140,27667481,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Coco,"I have to review this game to get the nomination badge, so it's good."
,Recommended,239140,33084690,Posted: 1 July,all,Murkie csgoroll.com,"This game took over my life, please send help. I fear my entire summer will be spent on this game."
,Recommended,239140,14395834,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nickervision,"Dying light scared the crap out of me at times while at other times it made my stomach feel queasy.I loved it.I am not a big first person shooter fan these days, yet Dying Light had something to it that kept me interested. I had almost no interest in this game since I first heard of its announcement but its launch trailer triggered something in me that made me instantly buy it and play it that evening. I am certainly glad I did.-The parkour/free running, while at times a bit janky, was overall a joy to utilize.-The crafting systems I found to be very mediocre and basic but I still used it and made some rather unusual devices that I had fun playing around with. (explosive throwing stars)-The guns were balanced well, making them useless against zombies but effective against humans. While melee was the opposite I found.-The day / night cycle was great. Worked wonderfully, especially the first half of the game where nightime made me feel completely helpless, it was terrifying at times and even scared people watching over my shoulder.-The story was decent, a variety of unusual characters to come across and confront in interesting ways.I recommend this game if you're looking for a fun, fast paced, survival horror, shooter game. It's like dead island meets skyrim. :)Of course these are all very basic points explaining a very detailed game and I am not exactly a wordsmith, so here is a video of some of my favorite moments from the game to give you a better idea if you're still on the fence. (no story spoilers)http://youtu.be/1fWigiIdW4Y"
,Recommended,239140,19075845,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dannbaws,FPS Assassin's Creed + Dead Island = Awesomeness10/10 Would dropkick zombies off buildings again.
,Recommended,239140,22345985,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,O.Z.[DLR.A],a must play for zombie fans !!!!!
,Recommended,239140,14362865,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mojogunner,This game keeps suprising me. The most innovative game I've played in such a long time. Definately recommend this game.
,Recommended,239140,16510505,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Daddets,"The greatest zombie apocalyptic game ever made! As fan of games with tons of violence, blood and zombies I'm completely satisfied with my purchase. I have what promised and even more. Nice story, amazing picture, amazing atmosphere, tons of secrets and funny things. Gameplay is very challengeable, especially in coop. There is no time to be bored: you always able to find what to do even if the game is 100% completed. I bought this game right after release and still playing. I’m not able to finish GTA 5 story because of Dying Light which takes all my “game time” =))DLCs are worth. Cannot wait future DLCs..."
,Recommended,239140,24359820,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,BOT Freddy,"-bought the game-waited until the download finished-opened the game-had to set graphics to low quality-didn't matter still looked awesome-started to play-jumped off from the tower-end of the story-would jump again 10/10I actually want to write a real review. So, here it is:Since it is my first review I don't really know what to say. However, Dying Light is the best zombie game ever because of the good combination of parkour and slicing zombies into two (or more) more pieces.Pros:+A perfect story+Great graphics+Tactical fighting (You might end up in a fight that you only have a machete and your enemies have rifles)+Cool main character+Awesome levelling system+Good crafting systemCons:-There aren't many different zombiess-Some situations might be too challenging-Ending of The Following is kind of sadSo I would give a 9.5/10.Buy this game and you will♥♥♥♥♥♥brix."
,Recommended,239140,30848960,Posted: 31 March,all,SpaceTurd,AMAZING. But it is annoying that I got the game just before it went on sale
,Recommended,239140,35498442,Posted: 5 October,all,saad3_3,I adore this game
,Recommended,239140,21974898,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,h_raze,my save got corrupted and lost 23 hours of playtime10/10
,Recommended,239140,30597334,Posted: 18 March,all,baracuda csgo-dope.com,I really do not understand that why the reviews are not overwhelmingly positive. I'm so curious about what you don't like?Update (23.09.2017): After all the time I tried this game with Tobii Eye Tracker. That feeling was awesome. You are looking at the zombie and right click baam your crosshair points the zombie. There are more features but even this one so cool.
,Recommended,239140,14289995,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LotsOfBunnies,This game is awesome! Check out my gameplay + free giveaway video :)http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385082626
,Recommended,239140,33043594,Posted: 30 June,all,PurpleXVI,"Should only be played in co-op.The narrative is terrible, the main character is an idiot, almost every supporting character is annoying.The gameplay and combat are, however, decent, and playing with a friend, there's tons to laugh at.It's essentially a somewhat less buggy Dead Island(though admittedly also less hilarious as a result). The basic mechanics are decent, and the free running/parkour stuff adds some fun variety(honestly the mantling, sliding and etc. is stuff that almost every first person game should have), but it's nothing staggering.A solid 6 out of 10 experience, get it on sale, play it with some friends, and don't expect too much, then you'll probably be happy you got the game."
,Recommended,239140,14282939,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fosters Good Call,"The only game from last year to live up to its Hype, i had a lot of fun with this title. Many hours of fun to be had.Positives:- Can play with multiple people.- Fun story that's easy to follow- ♥♥♥♥ing epic parkourNegatives:- Forced into choices e.g. No option to choose in certatin situations- End game is a cutscene."
76561197984055650,Recommended,239140,14306678,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ashram,"This game surprised me.  The melee combat of Skyrim, with the freerunning of MIrror's Edge.  Fantastic shooting and weapons.  A Borderlands efficiency of loot and drop-in co-op.  My personal favorite out of a list of pleasant surprises, was a slow-burn progression system, that flushes out naturally.  Gameplay mechanics are layered in so well through the 3 different skill trees.  Every skill is fun and unique.My only knock I have against this game, is that the co-op takes it to a level that rivals Left 4 Dead to me.  If you gotta play single-player you're missing out.  Fortunetly, drop-in co-op is in effect (again, like Borderlands).To sum it up, I think it was worth the $60.00 and I did NOT expect that.  A rare treat."
,Recommended,239140,14690330,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Trivvy™,"After Dead Island I was incredibly dubious about this game. Same developer, another zombie game, ugh. I had no interest in buying it.Then the game released, more and more people were praising it over the internet, people like myself who were expecting another lackluster Dead Island-y thing. Eventually I caved and bought the thing, curious as to how ""another zombie game"" could be rated so highly by people who were sick of zombie games.Simply put, the game looks gorgeous, and is a hell of a lot of fun. The story's nothing to shout about, and is rather cliché, but the acting mainly on the part of the main character is good enough for me to actually feel some things coming from him at certain moments.I still haven't completed the game, but I highly recommend everyone complete as many side quests as they can before doing any main quests, just to help increase the longevity of the game. The majority of side quests aren't bad either, and make you explore the map more.In summary, highly unexpectedly great game, even if you're sick of the zombie survival genre of games, give this one a try, you'll have a lot of fun regardless."
,Recommended,239140,17107228,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ekta,"First Off Im Saying The Price Is Little Bit To High...Anyways lets go to what i think about the game.I Got this Game Becuse It was Parkour Open World,But After Screwing Around With the workshop mapsi wanted to try the campaign. The Campaign isAmazingly Good People can join random (You can change in Online Settings)As a zombie or player and the nights is amazing fun trying to surviveThis is one of the greatest Game i've ever played i thought i wouldntbe able to play more of the game when i finished the campaign butrealised i could there is missions you can do for people or just joinanother players game and help them with your campaign !I Love This Game !! 10/10Good Night, Good Luck."
76561198046083351,Recommended,239140,14283646,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bonkie,Dying Light is a delightful and fresh game. The sneak and run system is similiar to that of Dishonered while the rest of the game is closely related to dead island and far cry. The zombie and crafting system is taken straight from dead island while the open world with random events is taken from the far cry series.Conclusion: A new take on the zombie genre with some new interesting concepts and ideas.9/10Update: The game developers has initiated changes to the game early on concerning bugs and mod support. This proves that the developers care for the game and the community. BIG plus if you're interested in a bug free and frequently updated game.
,Recommended,239140,14547438,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dead4Life,"A really fun experience.Dying Light could be described as ""Yet another zombie game, with improved elements..."" in a short sentence. Yes it is a zombie game with a simple story line and simple objectives through the game. The main story is very simple, the company that created the game will use the well known elements of other zombie apocaliptic games and recycle them in the main story. As a matter of fact the side quests are also running from point A to point B.The graphics and the animations are great, and although you may experience some random lag now and then when playing on ultra settings it is a gorgeous trip through slums and a detailed city areas. The map is about 3 times bigger than that of the original Dead Island.One of the new elements introduced in Dying Light is the addition of free running. You will hop through roofs and obstacles while gaining ability points to level up your character in the 3 different skill trees. The leveling of your character depends on: mission objectives getting complete, slauthering the infected (or human enemies), or free running. There are again many different weapons you can combine and craft through the game and yet again the weapons will break relativly fast so the game forces you to change them or repair ofthen.Then there is the night gameplay, which makes the game hard and you will need to sneak around to prevent being chased by mutated infected cratures that will kill you in about four hits. The night is very dangerous and totaly different from the day cicle. Yes there is a constant day/night cicle in the game, which changes every houer.In conclusion Dying Light is an upgreated version of Dead Island with some fresh elements and dull mission objectives, however if you like sandbox games this is a fun game to mess around and an addition of night survival elements.The game is also very long with tons of sidequests and challanges to do!Good:- Graphics and overall presentation of the menus.- Many fun ways to slauther the enemies- Day/night cicles change the gameplay- Tons of quests and challanges to doBad:- Human AI can be aweful and gets stuck in corners- Mission objectives are dull (but the stories of survivals are cool to hear)- Some performance issues and some strange animations (fixed in patch ----)83/100Update:The game performance on PC have been improved and many glitches where fixed add another .4 to the score now."
,Recommended,239140,20405664,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Broken Dreams,Ayak fetish
,Recommended,239140,14190918,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,Warning this review will change over time till the game has all dlc's!!!300hrs......still fun............Dying light is an amazing game given everything promised by the developers.  The game has gone on and became instant classic to the gaming community been playing the game for a while and I can never get bored except for just killings the infected up.  Been looking into the new download content the developers are promising more stuff to do and is they keep this up this game will never die hinting that they are still the number one in the zombie killing and parkor gaming business.  I've really been impressed with all the work in this game it has really gone a long way since it was announced and now everyone knows techland and will keep the promises to all gaming.  For those who waited I feel bad because you would never feel the experience of playing the best game released this year for the first time with everyone across the world when it was released because it was just awesome.Almost 50 hours beat it once doing another playthrough got to say i'm still dig this game really crunchy melee some gunplay and lots easter eggs plus humor. In all this was my favorite pre-order every it was all worth the hype behind tthey allowing modder to toy and make better with the game i'm still recommend play and getting a friend to join in all the zombie fun!!!!!!!!Game playReally simple kills of these build weapons survive all goes together but even worse at night the zombies are really fun to fight and runaway from also the missions that you can play will keep you busy for a while lots of game play hours plus lots of Easter eggs.AtmosphereThe feeling of being chased by infected individuals is terrified but also trying to fight the living to is really more frightening the game really goes into the depths of how the apocalypse could be as the world gets infected that music really suits the game.Also feel free to leave a comment so i know what i could work on my reviews
,Recommended,239140,14354032,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Larry's Berry,"At the end of the day, as much as one is inclined to, it is difficult to find fault with a game like Dying Light.Aesthetically, the game is a pleaser. In terms of performance on the PC platform, save for the fps related issues on release week, Dying Light performs respectably even on a mediocre rig. On a high-end rig, Dying Light chugs along at the highest settings with nary a hiccup. As for its gameplay, the action in Dying Light is fast and fluid. Combat is flashy as well as impactful, and killing zombies has never felt more brutally satisfying. The parkour mechanic, which is your character’s main form of locomotion in Dying Light, is also somewhat intuitive, save for a few logical inconsistencies. If your gut tells you that a bridge’s truss is traversable to reach its top, you are unlikely to be wrong. Scaleable aspects of a building are very well-differentiated from those that you can’t interact with. Thus whether it is crisscrossing Harran’s rooftops, or climbing to the top of a clock tower to catch the setting sun, Dying Light’s parkour mechanic makes it both hassle-free and a pleasure to explore its vast and interesting setting. There is no mistake about it, Techland has done an admirable job here: Dying Light is one hell of a game to play, whether alone or in a group.Unfortunately, Dying Light has about as much of a heart or soul as the cold and ruthless GRE boss that your character works for.  I could blame the game’s lack of spirit on its poor storyline, as many other critics have done. I could also blame it on the half-arsed supporting characters that the game seemingly throws at you by the dozen, only to then either arbitrarily kill them off or to leave their relationship with your character hanging by a thread and incomplete. Rather I am going to attribute it to Techland’s failure to make any of the interesting features, that it implements in a seemingly laundry-list like manner, into a mainstream component that properly defines Dying Light and what it stands for.Take the game’s setting in Harran for example. Yes, Harran is a vast and spacious open-world in which players can explore to their hearts’ content. Yes Harran is both beautiful, in a morbid kind of way, and immersive. Yet Techland barely utilizes it to further engage and immerse Dying Light’s players. There is a wafer-thin amount of dynamic events in Harran, which usually exists in the form of survivors fending off zombies, or Rais’ goons sitting idly on top of one of the air-supply crates which the game sporadically generates.Harran also remains the same dreary and worn out place that it was when your character first stumbled into it like the ‘experienced’ secret operative that he is, until the moment you dispose of your main nemesis and complete the game’s main storyline. Converting one of its zone into a safehouse may result in you visually pushing or toppling a couple of shelves or cupboards over, as a form of barricading, but there is otherwise no obvious visual cues that suggest Harran is changing or evolving as a result of your character’s actions. Neither does its inhabitants become better off as you fulfil the usually tedious tasks that they set you out to do. An extreme example is the game’s escort missions, where completing one of them merely returns the relevant NPC that you successfully protected back to his or her starting spot, ready to offer you the same mission again. As a result, playing in Harran can occasionally provide a disconnected experience, one where you realize that nothing your character does ever truly matters.On the other hand, do I think that Dying Light is a game worthy of your money, even at full-price? Yes it is. The game is extremely well-polished and has a good amount of content for you to sink your teeth into. Parkouring your way through the game’s numerous side missions is also an addictive experience. I can’t count the number of occasions where I had originally set out to spend 15 minutes on one of the game’s side mission, only to have those minutes turn into hours as I explore, craft, and decapitate or bash zombie heads in.It’s most unfortunate that Dying Light’s absence of a heart and soul, as a result of Techland’s relative lack of ambition, means that it will remain a game that is a distance aways from being a truly great one. This in itself does not detract from the fact that Dying Light is through and through an entertaining game to play. And entertain you it most certainly will."
,Recommended,239140,14370714,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Seberg [A] mzungu,Shameless copy/paste of Mirrors Edge and Far Cry 3. From charecter movment ot level and misson design. But it works all the way through. Good job.
,Recommended,239140,20101666,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grushnag,"This game has been optimized post-launch, it now fully utilizes all your CPU cores.I can run the game at well over 60 fps with an FX-8350 CPU.This is important because there are a few old benchmarks showing very poor performance on AMD FX CPUs, when the game actually performs well on them."
,Recommended,239140,14265827,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RoanokeIsReal1587,>Found EXPcalibur in Rock>Took me 2 minutes to pull it out>Killed many zombies with it>Threw it at a Zombie>Couldn't pull it out of a dead Zombie10/10 would not become worthy again
,Recommended,239140,14198281,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","Now thats what we are talking about and thats what we want  to  see from Survival Zombie GAME.Immersive and atmospheric with a nice parkour movement touch and well designed map with full accessibility.Quests,Challanges,Co-op comps,fighting for air drops and be the zombie option, smells the air of joy and death.Adrenaline rush all the way as soon as you go out of the safe zone and the night you are  the prey my friend as they say ""Good Night, Good Luck"" could never be said better.Graphics and Sounds ,wind effects are top notch , your body reacts to them as animations are pretty well made as well.Combat skills ,skill system,crafting ,collectibles are well explained as the game itself and story with great ""tutorials and user friendly UI"".For the story , i can't say much as i haven't finished but entering scene and prologue were well made and pulls you into the story.  Found the characters pretty spot on as well so far.For PC gamers thankfully there are enough options to tweak and FOV slider is deffinetly spot on.Only thing, i would like to have MMO type of Dying light, but ""hey!"" hope it will come and will stick to the main cores of Dying Light.Final words,Gentlemen and ladies, Well done Techland !  9/10"
,Recommended,239140,14397743,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,1-800-Pepsi,"After Putting in about 50+ hours into the game, I lIke it! It was worth my money. They have Improved a lot about the bad aspects of Dead Island. Me playing on PC I have only come across a couple bugs, a few of them being on my end, using Fake Fullscreen, but the game is still better than Dead Island. The story is so-so, forcing character deaths about characters you probably don't even care about, but the game is good. It's really fun playing with other people too. I really recommend this game. It was worth the 2 year wait for me.9/10"
76561198070436835,Recommended,239140,14292753,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LilJonny,"One of the best games I have played in a while. The story is enjoyable and the chracters are interesting. There is plenty to do whether it be the main story or the thousands of side quests, which brings even more ridiculous and hilarious characters into the mix. The only downside to the game is every now and then you have fps drops, but other than that it is an outstanding game. Overall I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,239140,14290071,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mighty Joe,"Heads up, game fans! It's time to review the new zombie apocalypse game that so many people are playing and talking about: Dying Light. I've had a taste, and I want more, but will you? Read along and hopefully find out. I'm not going to tell you everything, and I'm trying to avoid any serious spoilers, but I will give you just a taste so that you can judge for yourself. Please keep in mind that this review is current as of the date of publication, but I have no idea what features may change, improve or get nerfed after this point. I am not including in this review aspects of the DLC, but I may review that later. Or not.If I had to give just a brief idea of what this game is like, take a little bit of Fallout 3, just the tiniest taste of Crysis, a dash of Skyrim, a sprinkling of Far Cry 2, a little more FC2, toss in some inspiration from L4D2, and then top it all off with some Mirror's Edge, and you might get an idea of what this game is like. Maybe. Also throw in some optional asymmetrical fps with some rather unfortunate choices on the part of the developer to get even closer to the full experience.You start off parachuting into a situation in a quarantined city somewhere seemingly in the Middle East. You have to find that one guy that your organization needs you to find; you know the one. You get infected, and you need medicine. That's how you're compromised, and that's how you begin working your way into the local sitch. You make yourself at home and begin doing odd jobs to improve your standing, gather intel, and make reports back to the peeps in charge in the rear. You can probably guess where this is going, so that's all I'm going to say about the back story. If you don't get medicine regularly, you get sicker and could possibly turn. So far it hasn't affected my gameplay as much as the same mechanic that was used in Far Cry 2, but I haven't gone very far in the main story line either. In the relatively brief time I've played this game, I've only had convulsions the one time.You spend all your time climbing, running, jumping, ducking, dodging, and generally trying to outmaneuver, overpower, or out-think your opponents. You constantly have to think about where you're going next and how. The game has freedom, but with it also comes a terrible price. Sometimes you choose wrong, and it hurts so bad when you do. Conversely, when you choose well, and it works, it feels really good, too.You get three skill trees, each with a different focus--one for gear, one for agility, and one for power. The things you do build your skills in the respective area, and if you want to get better at something, try doing it repeatedly or things closely related to it. Craft items and you'll be able to craft more items. Take on zombies one on one in melee, and you'll get better at it. Try extreme stunts, and you'll become a world-class parkour... -er (actually, the proper term is ""traceur"" if you didn't know... I didn't).Your opponents are a blend of frightening zeds with some specials mixed in who will not always stand out at a distance the way they will in L4D2. Once you know what you're looking for they will be all too apparent in most cases, but there is a slight learning curve involved. Yes, the big guy with the insane hammer is easily spotted in any crowd, but the little screechy ones not so much. There is a level of unpredictability to every encounter. One guy goes down with a single blow, another saps your weapon of its remaining strength. Be wary of that. Weapons can only be repaired a few times. Also, if you upgrade a basic weapon, apparently you cannot then use it as part of crafting an advanced weapon. And when you can no longer repair a weapon, don't forget to dismantle it for the spare bits.You can find a lot of loot everywhere you turn, but most of it (especially the better stuff) is behind locks that you can pick. If you've played Skyrim, you shouldn't have any issues doing this. I've heard Thief players should also know what's what. If you've played neither of those, watch a video before playing your first time to get a sense of how it's done. If somebody says you need tons of picks everytime you go looting, don't listen to them. You only need tons of picks to practice with until you're good. Skyrim players who've already cut their teeth on these locks should have no issue even with the toughest locks in this game.During the day it's a parkour rpg with FPS elements, but at night, if you're out, it's totally stealth. At least until you know what you're doing. Bold precision pays off in this game. The developers have relied on player fear to a good extent, but how can you know the limits until you have tested them. Climb to the top of that communications tower. You never know what you might find. Plan your exit strategy and then hit that guy with the tank on his back. After he explodes, if you survive the swarm that will descend upon you, you will come out the other side stronger for it. Stronger or more agile, or both. Make your painful mistakes early on, because if you wait until later, you will feel the pain as you lose tons more points as a higher level character dies for the mistake of not being bold early on. Clear all your safe zones straight out from the prologue before you complete any quests. I did it my first day after the prologue, with the exception of the last one which was too well defended.  I think the daylight cycle might be tied to story progression and perhaps even side quests. Also, another pro-tip, if you're stuck, consider leaving the game and coming back because there are still glitches and bugs to be worked out. Can't reach a certain post from the roof of that one building? Maybe you're not supposed to. Trust me and see.If you want to know what awaits you in the dark, play the Be a Zombie mode. You get to play as the Hunter, which feels like a cross between a vampire or werewolf and Venom. You get to play as one, that is, if you can find a match where people don't automatically leave as soon as you join. In my experience almost every one of the matches where I was actually able to stay and play, the human players knew what to do. If you decide to play this mode, expect some frustrations as a result, from the learning curve or from the game mechanics or from the matchmaking system. Being the Hunter is fun, but frustrating--until you get better at it. And you will get better if you stick with it. I feel the system is kind of limiting and almost misleading, because you aren't playing as any of the other zombies, only the Hunter.One of the poor choices I feel the developer has made is seen in the multiplayer part of the game. You have extremely limited options in controlling online game play, and the game doesn't distinguish between sides. Say you go into Be a Zombie mode and open your game to public games online, when you go back into your solo campaign, it's not solo anymore. You have to go back into online settings and set it to solo once more. I wonder if this isn't part of the reason behind the large number of players who quit when a Hunter joins their game. Also, apparently, though I have yet to play with friends on co-op, I can tell you the voice communications in multiplayer are set to be strictly always on or always off. No push-to-talk. Perhaps they will fix this in the next patch. We can hope. Until then, better consider your third party options for game chat. Headphones, people. Wear. Your. Headphones. And play in a quiet area or turn off your mic please, for the love of all that is good and true.There are ugly sores on the backside of this game. The repetition of certain dialogue branches when you walk past certain NPC's is irritating. The feeling that I've played this game before, especially when it feels a lot like those other games I listed at the beginning of this review, is a little disappointing. But where the game shines, it shines. I'm out of characters... See ya next t"
,Recommended,239140,14195977,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Belmont,"If the light is dying, just change the light bulb.Otherwise you might end up with a zombie apocalypse on your arms"
,Recommended,239140,18955064,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Crazy Ice,"We only need ONE word to describe this amazing game, and that word is...ERMAHGERD !!!1!Story 10/10Graphic 10/10Sounds 10/10Game Dev's 10/10etc..♥♥♥♥ it.... Overall 13/10"
,Recommended,239140,18952163,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,CoNaN,Story is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. and the best thing I like about this game you can play story mode with your friend. 10/10
76561198056341675,Recommended,239140,16041489,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,UnwrittenBridge,It's like Dead Island but good.
76561198059683371,Recommended,239140,24018297,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CX15798,"Amazing graphics, good story and lots of zombies to kill.I definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,239140,26926895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Br00dL0rd,"Dying Light is by far the best zombie game around!It's open world, who doesnt like that? The map areas are massive as well. Parkour! Parkour! Parkour! and it's done surprisingly well! The skill trees/wep/unlocks were all great in this game.I absolutely love the way you could kill zombies! The amount of detail that went into is great!Day Time - Night Time cycles. Night Time is more rewarding but risky but who does love a good adrenaline rush?There's dificulty settings for everyones skill abilities which is great.Best played co-op for sure.In short - Loved the hell out of this game!!"
,Recommended,239140,18315007,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Flavinha,"I usually don't like zombie games anymore. They are all the same boring and cliche but this one it's different somehow. Sometimes i've the feeling that i'm playing far cry with zombies... And that's a good thing at least for me.Great story. Good characters. A good variety of zombies and creatures. Dying light is a great game, with an awesome gameplay, it's immersive it's tense especially at night."
76561198023383968,Recommended,239140,14959005,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,t3hrazor ✯,"Dying light, well how can i put it?, it's legendary.Amazing movements, stunning graphics, great combat system and the story is very intresting and fun to play, even the sidemissions has its moments!When speaking of movements i've seen alot of RPG zombie games and  nothing cuts even close, you've got full control over your movements the parkour is just amazingly well put together.i've played this game neraly 100 hours now and i have been loving it since the first minutes!The new DLC that just came out is almost better than the entire game itself! belive it or not, you can drive epic buggy's and the map is just HUGE!For those who play this game at ULTRA settings, just wait ! it's awesome C,')"
,Recommended,239140,19120215,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Ragnaman,"+ Graphics engine+ Story+ PvE mechanics (use of environment)+ Has simple crafting+ Difficulty is good- PvP (matchmaker, balance, rewards)-Final boss fight(SPOILER)I recommend the game, It is fun and if you have a good friend to co-op it can become ♥♥♥♥ing great!;Once you finish it you can still play around with zombies and try Harder difficulty, go for New-Game+ too;The PvP is not recommended if you are alone, or be ready to face the frustrations (increases the heart rate a few first times, as a plus side); It is nice to go man mode and overcome the learning curve, but you will have to figure out where the curve begins (totally not newb friendly)."
,Recommended,239140,20054824,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Capp8 | Frayu1600,"Dying Light is a really fun game.It fuses parkour, zombies and open-world all at once. It's practically awesome. You can choose to parkour your way everywhere, or you can choose to murder every single zombie you see in your path, or just a bit of both, because doing one or another gives experience you unlock really awesome ablities that at first look only cool, but secondly they'll actually get really useful.It's open world, so you can choose to go everywhere you want after the tutorial, there's a lot of exploration to do, and a lot of things to see.It's a survival, so you survive to stay alive. You can buy at merchants or randomly find blueprints to craft a lot of cool equipment and medikits to keep you alive and going.It's one of those games that you want to play for one hour but you're having so much fun that you end up playing all evening.There's a day-night cycle that lasts fairly enough long for both night and day times, and the difficulty is well balanced because the day part is kinda easy, but then comes the night and it gets really difficult at that time. Doing too much noise will also trigger stronger zombies, so you gotta keep cool on both parts of the day.The graphic is really nice and runs really good. There's lots of gore so you can cut zombies in many different ways or you can break some of their bones which can stun them. Damage localization is really cool and I think that every game involving zombies should have one.In conclusion, it's a game worth both your time and money. Even at full price."
,Recommended,239140,14995195,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Captain,If u jump from 100 meters on 10 bags of rubbish u wont get hurt
,Recommended,239140,19225736,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ISTANBUL1453,Fantastic !!!
,Recommended,239140,14818743,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Debatable,The best game I have played since GTA3 was released. Truely epic.
,Recommended,239140,18979116,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,lumbajack,"Great game to combine intense first-person action, survival horror and RPG. Deep and interesting story-line.Best quality of this game must be the sounds and the overall world atmosphere - horrifying but so awesome!"
,Recommended,239140,27773188,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Keyboard Disconnected,"Played this game for 16 hours straight with a buddy of mine, went to sleep, and did it again the next day. Its been a year since we did that, we are still playing the game from time to time"
,Recommended,239140,21215919,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kjames9904,"This is one of those games that is the ideal ""perfect game"".  It is very fun to play, has an addicting story, and the controls are very easy, which is shocking for a survival game like this one.10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,239140,16024995,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"Dying Light, what can I say, an exceptional game that is definitely the best game I've played in a long time, parkour is smooth, seamless, fun and rewarding. Better than Mirrors Edge though I would have liked a wall run, but I easily forgot about it and didn't even miss it as much as I thought I did, this is even better than Brink which tried hard but failed. The First Person combat and Parkour in this game is what most other games should be aspiring to be, it's THAT good. The learning curve is easy, it just takes a little bit to get used to if you're using a controller, ""A"" for jump on a Xbox controller or ""X"" for jump on a Playstation controller is now your ""RB"" on Xbox or ""R1"" on Playstation. so it takes a little bit to get used to but it doesn't take long.Now the story, it wasn't the greatest, but it wasn't the worst, I've seen better, but it didn't break the game for me. What makes it for me is the multiplayer along side with side missions, challenges, invasion, etc. It all adds up to a superior multiplayer experience and the world is nice, big, and diverse. There's plenty to do, and plenty to do with others, even if it's as simple as just killing zombies for fun, or exploring the world.There's a variety of weapons, and weapon mods, as you progress there's plenty of options to upgrade. There are guns but there's minimal use for them and not to mention the noise from them attracts the more volatile of the zombies, so beware, DO NOT use guns unless you have to, but afterwards, bail as quickly as possible, don't stick around that area for too long.Now if Walking Dead was a game, I'd imagine it to be something like this, but no parkour. The scare factor of this game is pretty intense at night when the stakes are higher, you can easily die at night, whether it's a walker, runner, or volatile. Daytime is just a walk in the park, though I have this habit of testing the waters and even during the day being very cautious, and I was right to do so very early on in the game.Overall this game gets a 10/10 from me, even with a lacking story, this game made up for it in all other aspects. LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,239140,18148774,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Tiяit chan,Epic game its a must have :D
,Recommended,239140,16464437,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rudbeard,"I don't know where to start. I could discuss the many hours of my life that this game has taken; I could talk about the excellent mechanics, story, characters, voice acting, etc. etc. etc.I could pan the unique combination of Mirror's Edge and Dishonored and Far Cry 3&4 and every classic zombie title; I could. . . the list goes on. I highly recommend this game.Really the only down-side is the grind feeling you get with some of the leveling up and the lack of player base when you are the zombie. There are a few times where my health or stamina would freeze, or a glitch would give too many of a pick up, but I can forgive that."
76561198016672590,Recommended,239140,14287709,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Spicy Boner,"It's like real life, but with zombies."
,Recommended,239140,20158936,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,narta_ts,"This is one of the best games I have played in a long time. Me and my friend had a blast playing through the story. Sadly, the game has only about 25 hours of story + the side quests doesn't really hide the fetch quest-y parts.However, when Dying Light does something well, - it does it REALLY well.The parkour in this game is amazing. Some people are talking♥♥♥♥♥♥about the story, but I didn't really have a problem with it. The killing is satisfying, the weapon modification system is great fun, the enviorment is creepy, the COOP aspect is hilarius and the nights are horrorfying.I allready can't wait for the DLC comming out in February.If you see this game on sale sometime, you should definitly consider buying it ;)"
,Recommended,239140,28142738,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Gab,"Amazing game! Example of great game design.Pros:-Great Open-world implementation.-Interesting evolving story-Good graphics and level design-Parkour is useful-Crafting, scavenging, collecting-Charismatic antogonist-A lot of ""stuff"" u can do after/while completing main story-Deliver wide range of emotions(fear, sadness, greif, happynes, wrath etc)-Looks stylishCons:-A bit easier than expected. Especially after u got legend ranks.Gameplay 10/10Story 9/10Video 10/10Audio 9/10UI 10/10Overall 9.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,17241275,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Keyframe,Quite enjoyable game. If you liked climbing radio towers in Far Cry 4 you will like this game.
76561197967415278,Recommended,239140,14800535,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,George :D,aight
,Recommended,239140,15224905,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BenTSG,"There is just something extremely fun about slidding from cover to cover in a shoot out, and killin' thugs with headshots.The Devs have done a great job on this game. I gotta say, it is worth the money!"
,Recommended,239140,20162642,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ocean Man,This game is awsome. I really like it and not only because of the graphics. I recommend buying it.
76561198067437140,Recommended,239140,15195700,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Skubah,You can Dropkick zombies off buildings.
76561198058500891,Recommended,239140,14211308,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,1999 Ford Focus,All in all a fantastic game. I run it on a laptop but has the graphics of a high quality gaming desktop. I would rate 11/10
,Recommended,239140,15298731,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,bizkit,"Story is a bit boring but otherwise a pretty solid, fun, immersive game with plenty to do!"
76561198018024038,Recommended,239140,18546527,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,iKilik,"Probably one of the best zombie games out there. Day/Night cycle was flawless, being caught outside after dark without any good weapons was actually terrifying, the music is also very good. Game should def. be better than a 75."
,Recommended,239140,20029547,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,recostar,"If you liked Dead Island then your going to love Dying Light. It's everything you wanted Dead Island to be and so much more. Loving how heavy and meaty the weapons are, you really feel the swing. Great game and I can easily recommend it to all Zombie Fans."
,Recommended,239140,21154554,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,agent™,Drop Kick OP!
,Recommended,239140,14295275,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Smuffle,"Simply Mirrors Egde + Dead Islands potential. Good job, Techland!"
,Recommended,239140,14899879,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Dios Noctum,"If you have ever played and enjoyed Dead Island, Mirror's Edge, and the Far Cry series you will enjoy this game.After 25 hours of game play I am still satisfied with the story, side quests, and jumping from rooftop to rooftop at night. Overall the story, so far, is well done and the game mechanics make it a great purchase.I'm waiting to finally get my achievment for kicking zombies off the roofs/cliffs, all while yelling, ""This is Harraaaaaan!"" I just have to figure out if the slide tackle and the jump kick actually add to my totals, eithe way, 10/10 for letting me be a Spartan."
,Recommended,239140,15779792,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Logi @ RejectGamers,What dead island should have been
,Recommended,239140,24826186,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dangeraus,I love this game. There is nothing quite so satisfying as leveling up your player until you don't really need weapons and running around the city and laying hands on zombies.
,Recommended,239140,16715201,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Thronnos89,"a game that combines all of the best qualities of Mirrors Edge, Dead Island and Left 4 Dead. Truly a stellar title that has some easy and some difficutly elements. Great for everyone in my opinion. Worth the money"
,Recommended,239140,20178635,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Yester,"TL DR:The game is a masterpiece and I'm not afraid of that word.Immersion and atmosphere makes it amazing experience worth trying.One may feel a little bored at the end of the game, but it's nothing crucial.General score: 9/10General:Yet another zoombie game. In this particular case the word immersion is the most important thing. This game allows you to really experience the plot, the pressure, the pain and all the emotions. The game is not to hard, but as zoombies are really dangerous making you really feel like you need to run away from them - especially at nighttime. You just simply don't wan't to fight with them and if the plot pushes you to do something in night you really just want to make it done and run away as fast as you can to the ""safe zone"". Game balance is great and even though at some point you may kill all the zoombies you wan't (guns!) the game makes usage of loud weapon harder and annoying for the user. As we all know zoombies don't like noise and you may be surprised when after cleaning area around chest you try to open it and suddenly a bunch of nervous zombies that you woke up bites you in the neck! :)Plot:The plot is predictable and rather simple. No choices to make. Narration is very vivid though and immersion is accomplished so you can really feel sadness, happinesses and even real pain when your character do.The story is rather complete though there is a room for the story continuation.Main storyline takes about 12h to complete.Score: 7/10Audio:Audio is one of things making the game what it is. Music is good and not to intrusive. The main part of audio are all screams, steps, cries and other noises you hear during the game that makes you breath faster. For me the audio is the thing that keeps player under constant pressure and makes him released when he is finally reaching ""safe zone"" which is relatively quite and peaceful.Score: 10/10Polish dubbing: 8/10 (there are some minor issues, but IMHO it's very high quality).Video:First person camera with hands visible during stunts really makes you feel like a hero of the game. A lot of effects make everything very realistic not as a render, but as an experience of player.Score: 10/10Gameplay - Stunts:It's great to run through roofs and moments when the game do not understand your intention are very rare. When it gets a little bit boring you get the hook to make things faster (perfect timing for me!).Score: 9/10Gameplay - Zoombies!:There are multiple types of zoombies kinda like in ""L4D"" there are tanks, splitters, hunters and many more. Yes there is a form of ""which"" as well ;-)On the other hand I would say that special kinds of zoombies are not ""realistic"" (lol) and a little bit OP and poorly implemented (I mean physic). This makes them unpredictable and a little bit frustrating. It kinda allows them to achieve a point as you really want to avoid them as they are kinda not fair ;-)This is what makes the game a little bit boring at the end.Score: 6/10Endgame:One has a lot of quests and challenges to complete, though I'm not huge fan of such gameplay. If you like to complete game 100% - I think there is at least 50-60h to go.Coop:Yet to be tested for me :-)Summary:This game is great.Score: 9/10(Blocking usage of hook in last mission is unforgivable though!)"
,Recommended,239140,20219937,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dong Enlargement,From the makers of dead island....They made a game....50x better than dead island
,Recommended,239140,20204981,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,F2F01,"Dead Island 2.0, takes everything good from Dead Island and makes it great. Fluid, fun parkour compliments an enjoyable combat system. Crafting, side quests, and skill tress all make a return. One of the better games of 2015."
,Recommended,239140,20149563,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,comin4u ^_^,"super fun with co-op, a must game to buy for zombie killing lovers!!!!"
,Recommended,239140,20544978,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,kaka50 (qasem),افضل لعبة كو اب
,Recommended,239140,14827975,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,That Poppy,Funny zombie smashing game with free running and ALOT of different weapons and blunt tools. Get it!
76561198048991894,Recommended,239140,14824408,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Goatslam,I r8 8/8
,Recommended,239140,14332285,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ozinthi,"When I first saw the trailer to the game I knew it would become something awesome! It absolutely did, I completed the story 100 % with one of my friends estimated on 12 hours of gameplay, unfortunately. The game is the best zombie apocalypse horror game -ever, but it should be harder to complete and a bit longer in my oppinion. That is why the community created the tool for modding which i assume will be a great way to keep on evolving and play the game.10 / 10ps: why is 4 the unchangeable number of players in survival games?"
76561198083322660,Recommended,239140,30839141,Posted: 30 March,all,ThaBomb,Open-world 8/10Multiplayer 8/10Zombies 10/10Storyline 9/10Bozak DLC 4/10 (not worth it)The Following DLC 11/10 (This b*tch was even bigger and better than the main game)
,Recommended,239140,20175546,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RoyalFlush,Best game ever i have played recently. Worth every bucks.
76561198003460164,Recommended,239140,30841293,Posted: 30 March,all,BattleTree,"Really enjoyed this game. the voice acting and the setting. everything looked and ran great for me. i have not played in years but wanted to give this dev team credit for making one of the best zombie games i have played in a long time.. To this date i have not  found one i like more. too bad no more stories though. im big on campaigns. without a story games die for me. but if this game ever did a new story i would totally pay for it. loved this setting soo much. ""goodluck and goodnight"" will always ring a positive bell in my head :)"
,Recommended,239140,30866401,Posted: 31 March,all,GamingTechDude,"First of all, this is was my first ever open world game I played and also  the first ever zombie game I played and I have to say, it's amazing. The parkour with knocking zombies on the head, to looting crates gives it an amazing feel overall. I definitely recommend this game to everyone!!"
76561198192010411,Recommended,239140,27132657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keladran,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,239140,14284578,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,3DGrunge,"Unlikable characters, terrible story full of cliches and plot holes.  No real character customization other than weaponry which begins to get a bit thin.Game play is still fairly fun and for that I recommend the game.  The parkour death dealing zombie slaughter is fairly fun, and nothing beats drop kicking a zombie off the top of a building."
,Recommended,239140,14284930,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Shred,"First off let me say that this game is not perfect, but oh boy, does it not dissapoint.If you do not like games with Parkour and Zombies plus blood gushing and bodily effects to show the damage you are causing to your enemy well, look elswhere. But this game is beautiful. Not only does it deliver in the exploration but it delivers a very satisfying crafting experience, as well as brutal combat.Let me get into the first few hours of my experience with Dying Light, I was intrigued at the intro, the story is a cliche, but it really got me into thinking about the characters. And I thought that Itd be boring doing side quests, but every character seems to have his or her own personality, aside from some npcs looking the exact same, every quest has something different about it. And some quests align with eachother depending on what npc plays a part in the main story. But instead of playing the story I would find myself exploring the environment which is very pretty and there is a high level of detail in it.I saw a building in the distance that had a zombie on the rooftop, and I thought ""Im gonna go kill that zombie.""So I sprinted off another rooftop, climbed through a building, saw a chest, picked its lock, looked around that building and inside and found a way to make it a safe house by pushing the bookshelves in front of the windows, preventing any zombies to climb in. After I had done this I heard a character say ""Dont be a hero, get to a safe house now, youve got about one hour."" I was like, one hour? I can go kill that zombie I saw on a rooftop and explore that building. So I set out to do just that. Before I knew it though, It was getting very dark. And as I arrived at the house it was night. And fear sets in. I was trying to sneak back to the safehouse I just recently secured but was spotted by a hunterzombie. And the chase was on, Now I had just started playing so I wasnt very good at the freerunning which at first is not seemless. You have to really pay attention to where you are going and jumping, which is good. It adds to the desperation you feel when running from this... thing. I was running through the darkness, jumping and climbing until I realized I had climbed very high and I jumped without thinking into a rooftop that broke underneath my feet. I hard screams all around me, I couldnt see a thing. I tried to climb out but it was too late, I had been caught by the Hunter.I loved every minute of that chase and desperation. Even though I died it made me go, WOW! I was actually scared by a zombie game. Anyway, moving on, coop is also satisfying. You and 3 friends can do quests, the main story, or challenges. And lets not forget the invasions by other players at night while they take on the role of a hunter.8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14282037,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,xJriikz,"Dying Light is the combination of almost every first-person game made today. Not only is was it a combination, but it was a very successful combination. The graphics on the chrome engine 6 are absolutely beautiful and stunning! Frames is still a question do the performance balance between the cpu cores. However, this is the best game that I've played within the past 5 years!"
,Recommended,239140,28055224,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PR!VATE,One of the best Zombies killing game with good game mechanics. Love playing it again and again. :)
76561198048121730,Recommended,239140,21267238,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Demon Deacon,"Great game.  I bought it on release date of the following,  these hours have been put in since then.  An awesome game.  Great to play with current friends or to make new friends.  Decent story and very well optimized currently.  Running @ 60 fps with vsync at 4k resolution on 2 980 ti'sThe main game has a decent story as I said, (better than I expected).  The multiplayer aspect keeps the game fresh for you, in my opinion.  It may also make you a bit braver about going out at night :).  The visuals are stunning.  Especially at Ultra.  I haven't found too many glitches, a few but none that are game breaking.  I have completed the game once and I am currently working on the following and the game has only crashed on me once the entire time.  I don't have the best internet unfortunately, only 20mbps and I have had very few connection issues on the multiplayer side.  Loot system is cool as well as the rpg aspects of the game.  I have had a blast with this game.  It makes you feel bad♥♥♥♥♥when you start getting good weapons and high level.  Once I got a cross bow I felt like Darrel Dixon from Walking Dead :)  You can too! Hit that buy button!If anyone starting out wants someone to play the game with just Pm me and friend me."
76561198087790203,Recommended,239140,17227692,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SEF RAILINGZ,"literally amazing if your looking for a mega hack and slash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Zombies game this is the one for you countless combintations on weapons and hundreds of ways to kill hordes of Zombies i completed the story in around 30 hours or so  but i will 100% play the game again more then once , the story is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing as well 9/10 would deffo reccomend to anyone"
76561198218747381,Recommended,239140,28681675,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Death gun,"I will say briefly and only about the advantages in my opinion:-The plot is interesting and mysterious places-The ending - especially the second part-Parkour is an important tool for survival-Pumping - interest plus new features-Weapons - Multiple variations-Hunting at night - honing the skill of parkour-Quarantine is a great place for pumping-Outposts - collection of nice buns-Location - great space-Easter eggs - a lot of interesting and useful Easter eggs, but rather items with Easter eggs-Cars - fast way to travel-Music - song nenadoedlivyGraphics- the graphics on high-The world - beautiful cities and landscapes-Passed with pleasure either alone or in co-op"
,Recommended,239140,28522489,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Aviator ☁✈,"This game is the best zombie game in recent memory. It has the most satisfying and fluid parkour and melee animations, as well as gorgeous graphics, and an original story to boot."
,Recommended,239140,26872490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DreamFox,Mirrors edge meets dead island in all the best ways possible
,Recommended,239140,25873168,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,John Wick.,best zombie game ever
,Recommended,239140,25869281,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,I don't know,Very good game.
76561198147783321,Recommended,239140,32478411,Posted: 16 June,all,SebG1209,"Crane - "" AAAAAHHHHH MY BODDY IS BEING RIPPED TO SHREDS!!! AHHHHHHHHH! ""Me - "" Damn! I lost my Survivor Points :( ""10/10"
76561198065782394,Recommended,239140,14205766,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,sL1ck ♨,"(+) Dead Island + amazing parkour(+) Great visuals,good physics engine,1080p 60fps(+) Interesting story line,lots of side mission(+) RPG level up system,3 type skill you can upgrade(+) Repair and big craft system,get blueprints and you are ready to craft anything(+) Day/Night cycle(+) Open world(-) fps is unstable,often dropped8.0/10God Bless All"
,Recommended,239140,16324927,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,OpenSource,I dont have this game in my steam Library Good Game 10/10 Ign
76561198154029976,Recommended,239140,26565350,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The 9th,"Dying Light is an absolute masterpiece when it comes to zombie games. As it is indeed THE zombie game. It combines one of the best free-running mechanics I've ever seen with an incredibly detailed map and rather well built. Which adds more to the experience.At the start you begin with nothing and feel naked, but as you progress this fear dissipitates and another sets in, which is the volatiles and the hunters.The way the game keeps you on your toes is incredible and the story even if a bit cliche keeps it all together. Having experienced both the dying light and the following and still getting a kick out of the game with new game(+) mode where you can keep all your stuff and perks.Other than that the game is extremely well optimized and even amongst the chaos, the blood, the massacre and the running you'll find yourself stopping on top of a building to just gaze on the map.Verdict : Dying Light is hands down THE zombie AND the best parkour game I have ever played and I recommend it to anyone who wants something like the undead genre to be refreshed through a solid campaign, a good multiplayer which offers competition as well as rewards and an overall excellent experience.Absolutely a 10/10!!!"
,Recommended,239140,19388442,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,b1tmaster0,"Very Good Game.You Can Do A Lot Of Things And The Developers Always Make Updates.This Is Not Just A Zombie Game,It Is Match More.I Recomment It."
,Recommended,239140,19398746,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kira Queen,JUST BUY IT! Yesterday you said tomorrow so JUST BUY IT! Make Your Dreams Come True! JUST BUY IT!
,Recommended,239140,14264360,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,(TS)Wallace108,"Best parkour game out there, and the best zombie game out there, all rolled into one."
,Recommended,239140,18225611,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Papa Lmurphy,"THIS GAME WAS THE BEST!!!!!!-add wallrunning (like able to run on the side of walls for half a second)-add more hostile survivors after you finish the game-along with the new map coming out soon, plz add a tropical one-also make there more ways to travel (underground, throught all the buildings, like assassin's creed 3 and 4 when you could run through random houses)-add larger servers where you can befriend or rival other people and compete for supplies"
76561198050490139,Recommended,239140,19953542,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fiendishchicken,I clucked all night.10/10
,Recommended,239140,25881213,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,RAPTR,Dying Light is an absolutely outstanding game. One of the most enjoyable and immersive open world games I have ever had the honour to play. Imagine Assassin's Creed + Zombies but in First-Person. Fluid parkour and satisfying combat make it one of the highlights of the year for me.
,Recommended,239140,20815148,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Digeridoo Dan,"Light is an inanimate ""object"" that cannot be killed. Furthermore, this is a game about zombies, and never once is the ""life"" of light in any immediate danger. 0/10. Good zombie game, though."
,Recommended,239140,17457580,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bun Butt,"I played a lot in Co-op but I can talk for the main story.The Main Character: You could literally replace him with a jar of mayonnaise with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ face and stubble drawn in with a permenant marker and there would literally be no difference except it would probably be creepy if the mayonnaise talked.The Story: Was pretty good, actually. I came in thinking that this was going to be Dead Island. I wasn't keeping my hopes high. Plesantly surprised honestly.The Zombies: Oh boy I am so happy that they kept in the style of zombies from Dead Island though. I loved that the freshly infected were quick and nasty, the ones that had been rotting for weeks out in the heat were slow and dumb. Your specials are back and they bought their mean nasty friend and the kid that they were babysitting. Screamers are fun when you glitch out and can smack them with a sword.NPC Impact: Most of the non main NPCs are bland but Gazi is love, Gazi is life.Overall, if you like zombies, kicking zombies, punching zombies or parkour you should get this game. It's a heap of fun ith friends too."
76561197985345292,Recommended,239140,21352117,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,AzGor,"Great game! A lot of freedom how to kill the zombies and how to move around the map. There is a lot of great stuff to search around the cities. Some funny secrets and details you can find(Super Mario parkour)! The action can get a bit boring but you can still go creative how to kill the zombies. The story-telling is a bit of predictable but it isn't the strenght of the game, the beautiful, realistic open-world is!44 hours played and I enjoyed every hour!"
,Recommended,239140,21364086,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Atheist State,"This game is absolutely amazing, it has everything you should expect from a zombie game. The parkour is what has shaped the game, fight or flight. In most cases you need flight. Then comes the graphics: they are absolutely great. The story is a bit lacking though but the gameplay is really good. In short, why would you not buy this unless you are a 100% story freak?"
,Recommended,239140,19552717,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ExistentialCrisisCSOFFER.ME,"Good game! Dont even have high enough specs to run at max settings, I tried it and it somehow ran better than the lower settings. K. Amazing game.Pros:-Open World-Parkour is great-Lots of customisations-Nice story-In depth gameplay-Cool Grappling Hook-Attempted Wingsuit (Pyza suit easter egg)Cons:-Pyza suit should be better. They should add a wingsuit in the DLC, but the pyza suit to be better. (Just make real wingsuit physics)-Invisible walls on tall places & Towers-Grappling hook doesn't work on tall places & towers.-Jumping from the top of the starting building doesn't actually make you plummet to your death, you just get the traveling UI and teleport back where you were. (Hard to wingsuit)Overall, I would give this game a 8/10, there is not much to do once you get good weapons, beat the story, and unlock all the outposts or safehouses, but thats what DLC is for amirite? Story is great! Better than a lot of games I've played.I reccomended this game to all my friends. :D"
,Recommended,239140,20271903,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,newcookie,"Never much enjoyed ""Dead island"" style games but this one has something more to it. Played Dying light in nvidia event. but never got around to play it at home and finish it. 50h in and still have stuff to do.There is something satisfying kicking zombies in head and looting stuff to get better weapons to chop zombie heads off faster.Can't really think about any negative stuff.Ok didn't like the big zombies but that's part of the game so can't really count that.now looking forward to new dying light that comes out in few months."
,Recommended,239140,20270185,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nah Your Just Bad,Its fun adventure game and parkour even more fun with friend playing with you!!!!
,Recommended,239140,20056591,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DiatomicNipple,"this game is amazing. the parkour and ""running""as the game calls it is flawless. I wish there were other games out like this with the same amazing scenery and bottomless content. My only draw back to this game is that the zombies are a bit overwelming near the middle of the game and make it a bit stressful, other than that I highly recomend purchasing Dying Light. :)"
76561197977724919,Recommended,239140,26796223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|MG| JeffMakesGames,"It really is a fun game.  It takes time to learn some things and to get to some higher levels, but it really is quite fun."
,Recommended,239140,26869660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,routeshell,"The best zombie game I've played since L4D and L4D2.* Solid story* Great variety of weapons* Parkour!* VAST open world and tons of beautiful locations to explore* Great optimization* When mama's happy - everyone's happy! © Gazi :POverall, a must-have in every gamer's library. 10/10."
76561198045361809,Recommended,239140,27417059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✮ Coltium,Very good game much zombies such wow.
,Recommended,239140,28739155,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GookLeader,iiiTTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS IGHT
76561198165002884,Recommended,239140,25434615,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dubs,This game is my favorate im aware you dont want to hear my imput of the game so i will show you pros and cons at the bottom-Before the pros and cons is that this game is apsulute Admazing With co-ap a Easy and hard gameplay woth stunning optimized Grafix This game is worth every penny i paid*Pros:-Optimized for worse computers-if you computer somtime lags its not Choppy but Slowly Turns into Slow motion...-if you like Brutal games this is for you (i play the game even after i beat the Campain because its so fun)-Not a fan of fighting? this game also adds Very Fun Parkour to freerun your way to victory-and with co-ap the game never gets loanly while playing alhough its optional-the game Toys with your Emotions due to the Admazing story line (first game out of the 40 i have that did that)-and the night is a horror game. but its Skipable-Nicly made Checkpoints so no annying Repeteted Speches.-Theres much much more pros but likes skip to the cons--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*Cons-The game gets Frustraiting after a while on some missons-and you cant play forever missons air drops and other Stop comming after you compleat alot of missions allthough there is a the following the help that-it feels unfun or fair when people join you somtimes since they can give you end game items-i had a hard time finding cons since i didnt find any and its just a reaaly good game in genarali STRONGLY recommend this game to any who like brutality or just zombies in genral or even parkouri hope you think this is helpfull and if you get this wonderfull game i hope you enjoy :)
76561198285035911,Recommended,239140,28848420,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spoezy,Easily the best game ive ever played. Story is amazing and i love the coop with friends. 100% get this game.
76561198129563062,Recommended,239140,20037701,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sir McPug,Pretty noice
,Recommended,239140,20119899,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CavalryBear,"I wrote such a detailed review, and Steam lost it. Welp, still a good game.What makes it stand out compared to most of the modern AAA games, in short:1. Good graphics and no stutter.2. No crashes.3. Items and people do not fall through the ground.4. When you open a door, you use the door handle. You can still use the Force to pick up items and pick locks though.5. Bodies split where you cut them.6. Interesting side quests.District 13 after the bomb went off. 10/10 would zombie parkour again."
76561197982959680,Recommended,239140,15786281,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Lanfren-lanfra™,"Imagine if Dead Island wasn't a wonky, glitch-filled mess. Imagine you could freerun, go anywhere, do anything, meet weird people, and occasionally judo throw a zombie off a roof. Imagine getting a running start and drop kicking a zombie so hard his body gets stuck in the geometry of the map. You don't have to imagine it, I've lived it. Follow me.10/10"
76561198093839484,Recommended,239140,19141689,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Benno Priceless,Best zombie game.
76561198092495070,Recommended,239140,25141757,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,EvzEpicChief,"Ever wanted to drop kick a zombie off a building, now is your chance. This game is awesome, play it with friends, you'll have a good laugh!"
76561198070800170,Recommended,239140,25830764,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Searot,"Best game I have ever played, even when i'm into other games Dying Light will still be my TOP GAME. The feel of the game makes you feel like your apart of the story like your acualy Kyle Crane (Main character). No other way to put this game into words other than saying. Get it!"
,Recommended,239140,30976615,Posted: 6 April,all,Dobble,"Ayyy this game is so good, I bought it on sale and was probably best value of game in a long time, totally recommend buying it."
,Recommended,239140,19653071,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mertainum,"Быстрые ноги зубов не боятсяКратко эту игру можно описать как Dead Island 2. И неудивительно - разработчиком является польская студия Techland, разработавшая в своё время DI. Сходство заметно невооружённым взглядом - живописная расчленёнка, хрупоксть нашего героя (явно имеющего в качестве наставника на базе МакГайвера), симпатичные пейзажи... и вусмерть клишированная история. Нет, я не из тех снобов, которые извергают ядовитую желчь от каждого уже увиденного художественного приёма или сюжетного хода. Просто всё происходящее в основном сюжете мы видели неоднократно. Ну пожалуй за исключением того, что зомби-апокалипсис локален в следствие действий правительства, а не в силу географической привязки/раннего планирования злых корпораций/самого начала бедствия/чего-либо ещё. Втурецкийвымышленный город Харран после внезапной вспышки зомби-вируса, произошедшей как раз передОлимпийскимиВсемирным Атлетическими Играми где-то в 2014 году по заданию GRE высылают нашего героя - оперативника Кайла Крэйна с заданием найти Кадира Сулеймана, лица, ответственного за обеспечение порядка в городе и изъять у него документы, в которых содержится неполная информация по изготовлению лекарства. Но всё, как известно, идёт наперекосяк с самого начала - герой получает по зубам от каких-то бандитов, а после ещё и обзаводится укусом от зомби. Больше он не Кайл, а теперь он новоиспечённый бегун под номером 31, вынужденный жить от одной порцииЗомбрексаАнтизина до другой. Но задание у него остаётся прежним.Сюжет, как я уже отметил выше, не слишком оригинален и не настолько хорошо подан, чтобы на это нельзя было обратить внимание. Но побочные задания на ура вытягивают положение. Тут тебе и поиск мелков и кубиков для детей, тут и убийство некоего тролля, шатающегося по стоянке, и диалоги с человеком, чья мама и мухи не обидит, и доставка алкоголя для дезинфекции при родах и раскрытие заговора рептилиоидов.Боёвка достаточно проста, но ближе к концу игры становится совсем незамысловатой. У врагов здоровье фиксировано, и если поначалу приходится достаточно долго махать гаечным ключом, чтобы зомби наконец-то успокоился (а связываться с тремя-четыремя сразу вообще противопоказано). то уже со второй трети игры оружие становится достаточно мощным, чтобы прорубаться через толпы. Если бы не верная подбородочная нога на пружинке - поначалу было бы ещё хуже. А рукопашные схватки с живыми людьми усложняются ещё больше - увороты и блокирование ударов здесь правило со стороны оппонентов. Так что как и в Dead Island, огнестрел против живых намного эффективнее. Впрочем, меткие выстрелы по головам теперь косят всех рядовых противников. А оружие ближнего боя легко можно улучшить чтобы оно зажигало, било током, травило...Крафт привычный. Разве что теперь не надо искать верстаки - герой сам на коленке скрутит всё, были бы чертежи и нужные припасы. Бесплатно. Для любого холодного оружия. Огнестрельное не модифицируется. Даже сам Кайл при заявлении о том, что ""тут у нас есть оружейник, он из любой пукалки гаубицу сделает"" отвечает ""лучше бы глушитель мог прикрутить"". Ремонт тоже быстрый и надёжный. Разве что каждое оружие можно починить лишь конечное количество раз, после чего оно годится лишь в утиль.Звуковое сопровождение... Не оставило особых эмоций. Что музыка, что реплики и т.д. - не слишком запоминается и без очередного техно-трека в какой-то момент вполне можно обойтись.Графика симпатичная. Каких-либо артефактов, огрехов анимации и других проблем не замечал.Порадовало внимание к деталям. Вроде металлических скреп на чиненном-перечиненном топорике или красных глаз у заплаканных девушек.Паркур? Да, ещё одна ""основная фишка"" игры. Кайл легко скачет по зданиям, прыгает по головам зомби, скользит по зиплайнам, карабкается по стенам, падает (без последствий, если на мусор/машины и с - если на асфальт). Управление лёгкое и если что-то не получается - либо цепляться не за что, либо у вас некоторые проблемы с реакцией.О сетевых режимах, дополнениях и локализации сказать ничего не могу, увы. Не пробовал и после прохождения как-то не тянет.Итог? Всё же рекомендую. История, пусть и избитая, не самая плохая, ночные вылазки подкупают опасностью, жестокие стычки за поставки гуманитарной помощи приедаются далеко не сразу... да и пасхалок со спрятанными уникальными вещами не так мало."
76561198128035390,Recommended,239140,24028121,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vitosa - Rex,"I love dying light so much, it even has amazing custom maps made by users, and they're really fun to play too. I mean come on, lot's of people said it, mirror's edge and dying light having a baby, with NO DISEASES OR BIRTH DEFECTS. SO GUESSS WHAT, PERFECT BABY."
,Recommended,239140,29058336,Posted: 6 January,all,ShadowHunter,"Dying Light: The Following - EE Is an amazing game which incorporates fast parkour-like movement and a brutal & bloody combat system. The game itself has an amazing story, fantastic graphics, and fun mechanics. As is probbably already obvious, this is a game which takes place in a ""zombie universe"" where the fictional city of ""Harran"" has been overrun and quarantined from the rest of the world. You are Kyle Crane, a GRE (Global Relief Effort) operative and it is up to you to do something about it.Pros:-Amazing Graphics-Fun movement & combat system-Interesting & immersive story-Decent amount of stuff to do ingame (sidequests challenges etc)-Co-op is pretty cool if you're into that kind of thing (I still finished most of it solo)-The Following DLC adds more mechanics and an additional map and campaign, which are amazing!-High FPS 90% of the game (50~60) with a medium specced setup. (And medium settings)Cons:- Some of the challenges really are not any fun at all, however if you're a completionist you'll find yourself performing many stressfull challenges.-Only The Following is a worthy DLC, the rest just seems worse quality. Especially the (imo) lacking in fun, Bozak Horde DLCPS: If you pick up or just have picked up Dying Light, dont forget to google ""Dying Light Weapon Dockets"" which is a nice way to get a few extra's ingame (while still possible, most codes have expired) And if you have an android or apple phone don't forget the companion app which apparently can in the end help you scavenge for King upgrades (legendary mods) if you level up your runners in the app.Good night, and good luck survivors!"
,Recommended,239140,31040484,Posted: 9 April,all,GrizzlyOne95,"This game just surprised the heck out of me for how good it was, kind of like when you run around a corner expecting a box to loot but instead there are 50 burning zombies.Overall, this is an excellent horror/first person survival/action game. I'd actually tried this game out a couple years ago and quit almost immediately, because the parkour and awful weapons you have at the first half of the game I just didn't like. You definitley need some patience to get through the first parts of the game, especially if you haven't played anything like that before. It is much different than, say, COD zombies or KF2. Don't expect to just jump into Dying Light and wreck zombies. That comes later, after you get experience and level up.The storyline is very prevalent in this game and the sidequests are actually decent, for once. A couple parts of the story actually made me want to cry, which means its good and engaging.It really feels like being in a Walking Dead situation in this game, from things like searching for bits and pieces to make weapons to how shooting guns brings in more zombies and stronger ones. There are some downright creepy parts of the main story, I was almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself a few times in some of the places you have to explore. The game bleeds atmosphere and post-apocalyptic. It's great. Pick up the game up, you will get a lot of hours out of it."
,Recommended,239140,15301213,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,WhereWolf,"This game is the future of zombie horror games. It has everything. From realistic parkour, to brutal weapons, to engaging horror. And if thats not good enough, the story is amazing. Its something you will have a drive to pay attention to. And the developers dont seem eager to abandon the game anytime soon. Updates come pretty frequently and they always add new things. The multiplayer is so much fun. Its just got everything a zombie game would need to be breath taking. The only bad thing about this game, is that its so demanding. If you dont have a good computer, you wont be able to run it hardly at all. Other than that, this game is more than worth its price."
76561197960679840,Recommended,239140,14197375,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,R3ckl3ss Wh1teB01,"This game surpassed my expectations both positively and negatively. As amazingly fun and satisfying as it is, it is also one of the most rage inducing games I have ever played recentlyPros: Things I loved-Satisfying sound effects (oohh glorious gore)-Intelligent Human AI, for example if you pull out a gun they will surrender if they have only melee weapons. However, if they have strength in numbers they will not give in, they will simply keep their distance and throw knives and♥♥♥♥♥♥at you from cover and roof tops-Great parkour mechanics, not clunky or faulty in the slightest-A truly immersive story, it not only has emotion but suspense as well as a dynamic protagonist as well.-Weapon customization and rarity is very balanced-Night time is challenging, you truly are the prey at night. Fighting back against Night Virals is almost useless. Night is very dramatic, anxiety inducing, horrific, and exhillirating. But they still sweeten the pot with double XP if you're up to the challenge after dark.-Wonderful and properly implemented environmental killsCons: Now for the rage inducing part-Despite the wonderful AI for humans. They are extremely overpowered. Not only are they pretty much unaffected by kicks (one of your most useful abilities), they also seem to have superhuman reflexes and health as well. Also they tend to throw knives with almost 100% accuracy, seemingly from angles that not even Captain America himself could throw♥♥♥♥♥♥from and hit his (moving) target.-Zombies grapple you every five seconds, and medkits are rare. Though they can be quickly countered it happens way too often. However it is something you must be smart about as this game is not about plunging through hordes of infected. It encourages you to keep your distance however the main issue is it's used a little too frequently, and it is also a very clunky mechanic. If a zombie attempts to grapple you, kicking it a split second too late (even if the kick lands successfully) the hitboxes be like ""Nah he got you first."" The main dodge and throw thing you do is ineffective because of this. 60% of the time it will register the zombie grappling you regardless if you press the series of buttons first.-The game tends to kick you while you're down a lot. You lose XP when you die, and if you're broke and have no equipment it adds insult to injury with constant death as well. A lot of the game depends on how well equipped you are, and if you're not well equipped enough not only do you die a lot, it's very hard to climb out of that pit of chronic death once you're already ♥♥♥♥ed as it is, it's not very helpful when you're losing XP non stop at the same time. Especially at night.-The game tends to bs you into instant death a lot. It's very aggravating especially the fact that every flammable object tends to explode for seemingly no reason a lot of the time.Summary: Great game, the combat mechanics need improvement for specific things.8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,32552030,Posted: 18 June,all,Kitten,"This game is really fun. That's what I can say. Fun.Pros:The combat system is so damn good! You can find stuff around the city to craft medkits, weapons, firecrackers, throwing stars, etc.At night, the game really gets horroristic, at least for me. Basically, mutant zombies come out at night, who can hear you, see you from a really big distance, and can scare you. It adds like a stealth thingy that you do. Of course you could just run and everything, but sneaking is more fun.The graphics are incredible.the characters are interesting, and there a few side missions, that are really interesting.I won't spoil anything, so I'll just say that the story of this game is really well-written in my opinion.Cons:Maybe a little overpriced, maybe I'm just this cheap but 40 pounds seems a little too much. When it's on sale though, you should definetely buy it.I can't really find any cons, just the price, so yup.I really do recommend this game overall, especially for people who like open world games."
76561197997080547,Recommended,239140,32394968,Posted: 13 June,all,SomeDevGuy,Action packed. Killing zombies. Must I say more?
76561198001759972,Recommended,239140,14249912,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SuperPornstar,"I think this game is pretty cool, my main criticism is the speed in which the melee weapons break. You can break a hammer in under a minute by bashing in zombies heads?! It's like trying to kill someone with a baguette, breaks after a couple of good swipes!"
76561198006443145,Recommended,239140,32898638,Posted: 27 June,all,Frost,Yes
,Recommended,239140,32919422,Posted: 28 June,all,Picolas Cage,Worth my money and time.
,Recommended,239140,30616270,Posted: 19 March,all,Gecinyuszi [HUN],"Dying Light is a great open word-ish zombie shooter, best played with some friends in Co-Op. Tho it has it’s flaws and shortcomings, overall it is quite fun and rewarding.The game features the zombie infested Harran city where a mysterious zombie infestation spread wide and evil bandits use the opportunity to gain power. You, Kyle Crane dropped into this Citi to find a cure. The scenery is beautiful and detailed, both graphics and sound design is excellent as well as the voice over. The game does suffer technical difficulties and bugs, like crashes. Depending on your system it may be severe or just rare occasions.Melee combat is very fun, especially with the later unlocked skills and combos. However ranged weapons (guns) are very limited, not upgradable and just few in type compared to melee, where in reality, guns would be likely to be used more. Needless to say, killing zombies and their mutations (like Volatiles) are fun either way and works perfectly. (The following DLC adds more weapons to the game)Unfortunately, the Story aspect and the tagged-on Co-Op experience is where the game lack the most. The writing is a rollercoaster, sometimes shines (Tolga sand Fatin twins, Gazi) and delivers a funny or amusingly bizarre missions and sometimes outright bad, like most of the Main story missions. Both the Main and Following DLC campaign end bosses/fight are really underwhelming and the main plot is disappointing.Tho the game does feel good in Single Player, I would say you will get the most fun out of it when playing with friends. The game world, story unfortunately cannot recognize that you are a party (instead of just Kyle Crane himself, alone) and several missions, quests and areas does not give your friends the “party experience”. Even though several challenges available, to ease this fact, still the game feels that it was primarily designed for Single Player.To List the Pros and Cons in short.The Good:Beautiful and Engaging Citi design and SceneryRelatively wide and rich open world with quite number of Side questsParkour type gameplay with great movement and melee designFully Co-op experienceGreat Day/Night cycle – creating challenging situationsGood Crafting - Consumables and Usable Items - GadgetsMelee Weapon customization - Personal Wehicle customization (in Following DLC)The Bad:Slightly few ranged weapons and modification/upgrade optionsMore general loot options would be nice to improve late game experience - rewardLet down Main Story mode and End BossesCrashes and technical difficulties, bugs still apparent.No open PVP Multiplayer modes – TD or Deathmatch, Race etc. (Be The Zombie – Versus mode is available only)Dying light is a great zombie game and definitely worth buying. The Following DLC – Expansion is aMUSTas it adds a lot of gameplay elements and story to the game. Even though it has some few issues overall it is a highly fun experience, especially with friends. I can highly recommend.10/7 Good"
76561197970205339,Recommended,239140,32881918,Posted: 27 June,all,Shinikake,Zombie smashing good fun!
76561198260995640,Recommended,239140,28215906,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,AliSweedan,It's one of the best zombies games
,Recommended,239140,32134875,Posted: 2 June,all,(PoA) ¿Señor Santiágo?!,"The Three Pillars of Zombie Gameplay: Fight, Escape, Survive!If games were zombies,Dying Lightwould be the latest in a series of mutations; an exciting, awesome hybrid taking the best properties and evolving into a humanity ending monstrosity! I see this game asalmostthe be-all, end-all of the action zombie genre.It has the parkour-style freerunning ofBrink(but more fun & functional). It has the feel ofDead Island(in the best ways possible). It has Harran, the sandbox playground we've come to expect and love in so many survival games. This one could keep me entertained well beyond the 70-80 hours I've logged as of this writing.Developed/produced byTechlandwhich is responsible for theDead Island&Call of Juarezseries, two of my favorites, as well as the upcomingHellraidand more.Difficulty levels: Normal, Hard, Nightmare. Multiple play modes include: A main campaign,The Followingcampaign, be-the-zombie mode, custom maps and various special activities within the two campaigns. The backbone of both is a main quest line, side quests, random encounters and hunting down collectibles.The special activities mentioned vary depending on which campaign you're in, but you can freely port your character between campaigns whenever, retaining all progress, gear, inventory, stash, etc. Such activities include clearing quarantine zones & volatile hives, completing speed trials, combat challenges & buggy races, attempting unique modes like the DLC,The Bozak Horde.Every bit of it is fun! Most of this can be done solo but co-op is supported for 2-4 which is a fantastic way to experience this game. Certain challenges demand multiplayer (and for you completionists, certain achievementsrequirea full group).Worth mention is the player-zombie mode in which you may ""invade"" other people's games to hunt them at night! I did not actually partake in this mode, so while it's a cool notion I can't comment beyond that. Ditto for custom maps; nothing much caught my interest there. Nor did I look at the level editor or search outside of the in-game interface for player made content, so I don't know how robust that scene is or isn't.Not much to say on story except that both campaigns feature decent but very straightforward plot. The final ending inThe Followingfeels a bit forced to me but I definitely appreciate the idea and believe it's entirely appropriate, all things considered. Can't say much without spoilers!Good looking visually, replete with some stylish post-processing effects. Nice, detailed soundscape. Not ultra-high audio quality but good enough. A soundtrack that works, which I think is critical in this genre. A volatile's scream echoing in the distance as the sun goes down always puts me on alert.No bugs encountered beyond the buggy (the car) getting stuck how it shouldn't a few times. Thankfully its position can be reset. The game appears well optimized so far as I can tell; my slightly older machine would drop framerate once in a while in more intense moments but I had the settings cranked up. No complaints there.The lock picking mechanic is a lot like the one fromThe Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim; pretty sensitive, but lock picks are easy to craft in bulk. It's fun how loot is often situated in vulnerable spots, making it a challenge (a fight, or a race) to grab it then get clear of the infected unscathed.The pillars of gameplay here are combat, running (parkour) and survival stuff. This is reflected in the division of skill trees: Power, Agility & Survival. Each is advanced via performing these respective things.Power: There's a satisfying heft to combat. Item durability feeds into the feel of a survivor-disaster situation by forcing you to make use of what you have, scrounging parts and makeshift weapons until they break. Power progresses via combat, unlocking more stamina and stronger, more spectacular attack moves.Agility: Phenomenal parkour-style free running mode for traversing the map! It plays a huge part in both avoiding and fighting the infected. Agility level goes up as you run and do acrobatic stunts, unlocking more options and abilities for navigating dangerous terrain.Survival: Clever use of traps, bombs, tools, etcetera. Survival offers a satisfying variety of blueprints for weapons and consumables. Some blueprints can be found exploring or questing. It also provides helpful utility perks and access to environmental traps like the electric fence and car bomb!There's a fourth ""Legend"" skill tree unavailable until late game; it serves as a sort of alternate advancement, incrementally boosting stats of choice and providing some serious RPG progression grind if that's what you're looking for. On that note, endgame offers sandbox activity to keep you going. Even playing solo, at the very least you can try to finish all the speed and combat trials.In the DLCThe Followingyou gain a buggy and access the ""Driver"" skill tree (only available inside this campaign). It isabsurdly funto plow through farmland fields of walking dead! I loved cruising around the highways and dirt roads of the apocalypse, avoiding hazards (road, zombie and otherwise) whilst pushing that little buggy as fast as it could possibly go.In campaign length, map size and overall contentThe Followingis much smaller than the vanilla game but every bit as enjoyable. A worthwhile playthrough, no doubt!A word of caution: Certain quests are scripted such that if you initiate, you must finish a sequence of objectives on the spot. Be ever mindful of the day/night time cycle or you might get stuck doing somethingat nightthat you simply aren't prepared for. Night activity ismuch more dangerous, rendering an otherwise simple quest tough or seemingly impossible!Dying Light feels special as it not only features lots of different things I loved about previous games, but does them so well (if not better). It comes together nicely, resulting in a thoroughly satisfying package. It'd be even better with more safehouse/survivor management; perhaps features akin to whatState of Decayhas. I can only imagine. Dying Light: Honestly the best zombie-action title I've played so far! Thumbs up review!TIP: The grappling hook is a major game changer. Get it ASAP!TIP: Hints Section is an excellent resource when starting out.TIP: Mind the time of day and plan activity around it! With the right tools, night running is entirely doable and exhilarating, not to mention more rewarding."
,Recommended,239140,30607711,Posted: 18 March,all,Thebindle,"Probably spent as much time if not more on the free roam aspects than the actual story, which is pretty rare for an open world game. Dying light does a pretty solid job of making its flavour content actually entertaining, rather than just being filler/gimmicky like many comparable games. Parkour makes even the humblest of collection or A to B quests enjoyable, and there is a constant prospect of nice loot turning up in any given location.The plot was pretty much what you would expect from any respectable zombie apocalypse, although my investment in it grew towards the finale. The game also blurs the boundaries of morality, with Crane making for a refreshing anti-hero."
76561198033836538,Recommended,239140,14471066,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cowdog,"I'm really liking this game since purchasing.  Great graphics and story line.   Lots  of side missions to complete and special missions (time runs, kill runs, etc.), & lots of Zombie Killing.  The only downfall are the weapons can only be repaired 5 times (depending on the rank of the weapon) then rendered useless.  :("
76561197972372090,Recommended,239140,17437037,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Slasher,Love this game !!
,Recommended,239140,21295780,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,HoxL,"Why was the graphics downgraded ???  The apocalyptic atmosphere seems duler.. And to be honset with the game now having Less zombie crowd, less vegetation and downgraded graphics the games feels affected to people that played the orignal version."
76561198363968909,Recommended,239140,33416710,Posted: 9 July,all,Lightning_Duck_67,Found a gun in a school locker11/10 - Realism
,Recommended,239140,32875024,Posted: 27 June,all,IZ KOZHI LENINA,Neat zombie chop-chop game
,Recommended,239140,18244881,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,netoMX,"Great Game!!!!,...."
,Recommended,239140,32422616,Posted: 14 June,all,Toddyupa,"Dying Light isn't the best designed or most polished game I've played. There are plenty of bugs and oddities, a questionable story full of insane character incentives, and the main campaign has one of the worst endings/boss fights I've ever seen.I've also probably never had more fun playing video games than I have in the ~80 hours I've spent playing this with my friends. This is honestly one of the best co-op games I've ever played. Every moment is filled with fun and laughter, from the beginning of the campaign, to the end of The Following DLC. This is just... goodness."
,Recommended,239140,33613336,Posted: 17 July,all,sandmannn,"Superb game!You pick Dead Island and mix it up with Mirror's Edge parkour and some open world like FarCry.There's a lot of content in this.And there are a lot of zombies.I played solo and really enjoyed the experience.My game time is doing all side quests in the main campaign and almost all sidequests in ""The Following"" expansion.If you like zombies and/or open world games, you have to buy thisA 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14802513,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Krat,DROPKICK SIMULATOR
76561198028678769,Recommended,239140,21289589,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kyle,"One of the best games of 2015. The devs clearly cared about their game and it shows. This is probably the most fun and well polished zombie games out there, almost as great as Dead Rising 2."
,Recommended,239140,21895506,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[Tenkorn],"I can finally do what I always dreamed , breaking the neck of a children"
76561198029286994,Recommended,239140,14328566,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TooMuChC4 [DK],"MINOR SPOILERs (not realy story based, more about endgame equipment)The parkour element is unique and a major positive thing, the side activitives is both fun and rewarding, and the crafting is both wide and balanced, but the crafting materials need a bit more ""drop chance"" calibration (have 700+ metal parts after first playthrough, the drop rate could be lowerd with 50%, without problems).The concept with the melee weapons is good too, but when you reach max level, you only find swords, so if you are an axe or mace type, you need to either buy them or use something else.THE GUNS, need more difference, it dosen't matter if the rareity of the gun is blue or orange, it deals the same damage and have the same price as the rest of the guns with the same name. So it need to be remade to be better, allso there need to be added more types of guns (fx. slow fireing - high damage - bolt action. and pumpaction shotgun etc., to give us a wider range of guns)Allso, the melee weapon spawns at the end of the game (when you are max level) should be more than only swords.But all in all. I give it 4.5 / 5.0."
,Recommended,239140,14336257,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Atlantion,"So far what I think of this game, it has dead islands gameplay core there with parkour some may like some not. It is a very resource intensive game, it holds 60fps for me while others with varying specs some can't hold even 30. I find the game fun  while exploring and unlocking safezones and finding loot. Its story could've been in more indepth with the characters. Day time is relax and night time is a struggle if caught. I really hope the dlc adds more story and new area because looking at the slums for most whole game. Working on Newgame+ now. I don't regret buying this game like most others I have this past year."
,Recommended,239140,14364058,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dongle,"The updates keep coming and its pretty great. AMD players get the short end of the stick though. Watched a zombie fall of a car about 2 feet high and die because it hit its head on a wall. 7/10 performance. 9/10 for story, 10/10 for graphics"
,Recommended,239140,14379805,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Candyman,It got dark. Almost cried. 10/10
76561198031039377,Recommended,239140,14359823,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Heavy Resistance,"This is now one of my favorite games. the combat is fluid, aswell as the movement. sure the lip syncing is terrible and the human characters look like their having an anurism, but overlooking those mistakes, this game is an amazing expirience.  9/10"
76561198141635362,Recommended,239140,14393035,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RudeboyDom,I'd say anyone on the fence should def buy this if it goes on sale for  any percentage. 60 bucks is still a little hard to swallow and the online doesnt work good yet
76561198203965288,Recommended,239140,14393738,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,22 DeathGrip,"THE BAD:1. The start is agonzingly slow, and there's no clear direction on what to do during the begging of the game when your character only has access to weak weapons.2. The UI is written in the same too small text with black box background you saw in Medal of Honor: Warfighter.3. Not sure if the performance issues reported are exaggerations or not, but I ran the game fine on my laptop, which isn't the best but I need it for my mobile lifestyle.4. The story is dumb, there's one part where the player is ordered to do something that is so agonizingly stupid its impossible to take his story seriously after that. Basicly a bunch of sick people need anti-zombie medicine, and he's ordered by some evil ♥♥♥♥♥ to destroy it, so he takes some for himself (but not enough and ends up having seizures later) like a greedy prick and ♥♥♥♥ing BURNS the rest the medicine instead of HIDING it somewhere, which he easily could have done.5. Parkour is fun but eventually gets completely overshadowed by a grappling hook that basically functions like a A to B teleporter, you can make a lethal jump of a skyscraper and grapple the ground and you'll then the grapple will pull you down to the ground and you'll land safely. So forget about finding parkour paths up buildings or down buildings, or path-finding around open courts on rooftops to stay up high.6. New game plus is sort of useless, as for me the game is over when both the story is complete and the character is max level.7. The combat is tedious in the beginning until you realize this is NOT the game Dead Island, and you find other way of getting around zombies. It's a game that once you've done a first playthrough, the second is a lot more enjoyable because you know how the game works and what to expect. For example: your weapons are basicly useless at the beginning and upgrading your Combat skill tree by killing zombies won't change that: to get access to better weapons, you need to get Survivor Experience Points so you can buy more powerful weapons. So when you go through the game the second time knowing that, you don't even bother trying to fight the undead until you can kill them with weapons in 2-3 hits. At some point not to late in the game you'll get blade weapons and can perform instant decapitations.8. The fact that number 7 is not explicitly explained will result in a of futile combat early in the game. A tutorial message reading ""The weapons you have access to in the begging of your adventure will do very low damage and degrade quickly!!! To get access to weapons that do more damage and have higher durability, gain Survivor Experience points!!! Avoid combat with infected until you gain access to better weapons that will allow you to fight more effectively!!!"" would have resulted in a lot less frustration with combat and less grinding. That lack of one critical peice of information is the reason for 99% of the bad reviews from gamers and critics who got a bad first impression of the game because of this.THE GOOD:1. Graphically impressive, artistically impressive, character design.2. Music  and sound effects are both impressive.3. Excellent atmosphere. The world of Harran this game takes place in is detailed and believable.4. Combat with good weapons against zombies is fun.5. Parkour system although unituitive once understood is fun.6. Challenges for both Parkour and Combat are fun.Once you know how the game works, it's great fun, and easily worth the money. The first playthrough is about learning the story (for what it is) and how to master the gameplay.I give it a 8.5 out of 10. It's very good at some things, and what it's good at easily makes up for what it lacks. Once you understand how to play the game at the beginning, the game is excellent. It's easy to overlook the games problems once you understand how to avoid them."
76561198138463775,Recommended,239140,14320505,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Nudiez - DankRP,"No, I have not played this game for long and frankly this is the only game that you can not compare it to, no Dead island and mirrors edge did not have a baby. Those are the babies, This game runs nice for a new release some optimization could be made I think but this runs very solid and I love the graphics. The only negative thing about this game is the cut scenes, I would love to do something in those but otherwise I love this game drop some money on it and enjoy smashing some heads in with whatever weapon you wan't or just be a complete cool kid and curb stomp them. YUMMMMMMM"
,Recommended,239140,14327510,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,R.J,10/10
,Recommended,239140,14335572,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dinosawrex,Good game but the ending is very disapointing.
,Recommended,239140,14337262,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RK Barrie,"I love this game to death. Guns, knives, swords, parkour and Zombies. What more could I want, oh yeah the ability to drop kick zombies or decapitate them with ease (We've got that too :) .) This game has it all. I've played every spare minute I've had since release. Won't be putting this down for a while."
76561198009950269,Recommended,239140,14338188,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sauron,"Good game, this is like a better version of Dead island....some minor bugs like any new game but nothing earth shattering for me atleast"
76561198065503910,Recommended,239140,14341494,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jar™,This game is unlike new games. Most new games are over hyped and then let donw the community. This game however has lived up to the expectations and is so entertaining and un-repetative that it tops so many new releases. Great game 10/10 !
,Recommended,239140,14342084,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ButtDealer,dead island=great gamemirrors edge=another great gamecombining both of them=dying light=amazing game!!!
,Recommended,239140,14346207,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,StuffMan12,Yes buy this game buy it right now it is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,14346534,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Relax Guy,"Imagine mirrors edge with dead island. this is what it equals, and the first person parcour is surprisingly great. theres also a few easter eggs that are cool. and who does not like to kill zombies with sticks. a bit harder at night but its still easy enough if you have the end game abilities and weapons."
,Recommended,239140,14346761,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Trippy,People say it is dead island mixed with mirror's edge but it it s way more than that. This game is amazing. Some poeple may not like it but that is a preference thing. In my opinioon it is one of the best games i have ever played. Ya some games are fun like csgo or gmod but this game is fun and its not rage inducing like csgo. I would rate this game 9.9/10 only because the other 0.1 is the fact that i can;'t get on any play as the zombie servers. But i believe that will eb fixed asap. Get this game if you have the money. Its worth it in my opinion.
,Recommended,239140,14350278,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Sessh,"lots of fun, great story, like dead island, but not boring, zombie mode is pretty sweet, a real challenge when facing more than 1 survivordef worth the purchase"
,Recommended,239140,14356946,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,PyroPanda,My review is more for people who are not sure how it will run. I've used msi afterburner to monitor how much RAM and video memory is used.First my setup.i5 4670k OC 4.5GHzEVGA GTX 760 4GB overclocked8GB DDR3 RAMWindows 7 64.I'm running this game at 1920x1080p. with all settings maxed OTHER then AA which is off and FOV is about 35-40% everything is turned on and set to high/very high for shadows. Running at 45-60FPS.The game uses 3.2GB of Video memory and 6GB of RAM from what I have monitored. So there 2GB recommended is pretty much a lie.Now as for the game it's very fun. Just think of Dead Island meets mirror's egde. At night is really not all that scary and you can very easily just run pass all the crazy zombies that come out. Literally the have a field of view indicated on your map so you can just run pass them all so long as you stay out of the fov lol.I have yet to beat the game or put any real time in so I cant review the game that much. I just wanted to get how the game runs and what it really uses for specs.
,Recommended,239140,14361925,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The North,climbed a tower only to find that the ladder was beside me the whole time11/10 would parkour again
76561198059227571,Recommended,239140,14364940,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Wizard Moose,"One of the stupid zombies fell off of a really high building and on to a car... The cars alarm went off as 40 more zombies came out of no where. These are the moments you expierence in Dying Light.Pros--Great Graphics-That combat-That dropkick-That stupid zombie that looks like a football player on steroids that took steroids that then took steroidsCons--Poorly optimized, I get anywhere from 70 to 22 frames within seconds of each other-While the villan (Rais) is neat, he's extremely cliche-The story too, is very clicheThis isnt a con, just something I wanted to bring up. The beginning of the game is extremely hard, zombies seem like they'll never die and your only choice is to run :/This is one of the best open world games I've ever played, Mirrors Edge meets a much more gritty and polished version of Dead Island!"
,Recommended,239140,14366574,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,froggiejp,i used a zombie child's flesh as camouflage 10/10
76561198000696354,Recommended,239140,14376170,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Trudat,"Review is based on few hours of gameplay in co-op and solo.First of all Dying light looks amazing  and the atmosphere is spot on. Reminds a lot like earlier first person zombie games but the free running element adds a lot more into the gameplay. The free running gets a lot more fun via perks for example you can vault off a zombie and dropkick another in mid air. You can jump from pretty high up without dying only if there is a convenient trash dump to land on.Melee weapons tend to break quite fast and they can only be fixed 4-6 times depending on the quality of the weapon. Weapon modification is nice also, you can add electric damage, burning, toxic etc..or better handling or even durability.Crafting is easy and you tend to find a lot of materials lying around to make medkits, molotov's, lockpicks etc.When the city gets dark the game gets creepier, adds a bit more difficulty and different gameplay. Some of the quests require you to do them in the night and offer good rewards. You get a lot more experience when playing in night mode and have higher stats also.Co-op is super fun with friends! There is nothing more satisfying than ganging up on zombies with human players. You can advance in the story mode in co-op just like in solo campaign.Be the zombie-mode doesn't really work yet. It won't connect to any games.Developers are adding modding tools later! +++"
,Recommended,239140,14379915,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ライトベアラー,"kicked a zombie off a brige, then fell off myself. 10/.6"
,Recommended,239140,14397149,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Hyybrid,I thought the Zombie genre was done to death and could never be revived from mediocrity. I was wrong. This game earns the Zombie game seal of approval. This is what Dead Island wished it was.
,Recommended,239140,14333512,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,RussianKd,"Just amazing. The feel of the game and sounds of the game are just perfect. A zombie survival done right. In a way its like a hardcore dead island, and some. The parkour is an awsome addiction and adds to the night rush. You are not a god that can kill anything no matter the numbers. It gets to a point were its fight or flight, and fighting might kill you. The Zombie AI ranges from dumb to really scary. Night time is not like other games were its just stronger zombies and a larger number of them, Dying Lights night time is more intense, the night zombies are fast and will chase you and call their friends. Facing more than 1 is deadly. Overall it is a very well amde game, a few bugs that are not even important. Money well spent!!"
,Recommended,239140,14345273,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,KelboDelta,"It is a successor to the dead island franchise, or at least it feels like it.... if you like dead island 1 or 2, you will going to love this game, if you do not, beware.That aside, this game is great.... it feels a jump to the moon in comparison with the dead island games.Graphics are amazing.... you can't get more next gen than this right now.... very realistic and with amazing effects, which run just great on my laptop.... yes, laptop friendly, if you have a decent graphics card in it.Gameplay is, like I said, very similar to dead island, scavanging for weapons, fixing them, upgrading them, leveling up and unlocking abilities, so the mechanics are basically the same, with cool weapons and abilities.They also added pretty cool parkour moves to the game mechanics, and this makes it sooo amazing... you just can't get enough jumping and stomping zombies.Story is a little weak, and the side missions feel like part of the story, but they distract you from advancing, to a point, that you can't tell when a story is side mission or storyline.This is not the best zombie story out there, but it is good.This game feel very long... I feel like I've played forever, between side missions and main story, and I'm far from halfway of the story... so it is worth the money, since you will be getting long hours, if you are completionist.Zombies, violence, drugs and gore... if you are cool with that, I recommend it."
,Recommended,239140,33111194,Posted: 1 July,all,Anonymousgirl2u,"If you've ever played Dead Island and enjoyed it, I'm almost certain that you'll enjoy this game as well. Plus it has parkour (which reminds me of Brink), who doesn't love parkour AND killing zombies? Hell yeh :P"
,Recommended,239140,30812844,Posted: 29 March,all,NyTε,Tis is literally the best Open World - Zombie - Survival game on steam to date.10/10
76561198325876245,Recommended,239140,33730022,Posted: 22 July,all,K.Dawg,Cool game.
76561198063354004,Recommended,239140,28106685,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ecksDeedeeDeedeeDeede,"This game........ is garbage        jk   jk jk...Here  is the full review:-So you want an open world zombie game that is not survival or DayZ well i got  u with  a review-So again..... , You are a guy  that goes by the name  of Crane and you are alos a GRE super extra mega agent.-And you get bit by a zombie when you get to the first city but fear not cuz you get rescued by Jane (  you don`t get puh form  her tho)-And for that day forward you are a super secret extra megax2 GRE agent undercovere survivor-And what dose a super secret extra megax3 GRE agent undercovere do  you may ask?-Well.... nothing......nothing at all !!! You get to chose what to do is an open world game!-You can do the story... is kinda stupid but yeahhh, there is this dude that won`t stop with this: `Ahem you are not a man  you a dog Crane`-He is some angry gay guy whit a gay army that dosen`t like pink so they dress in yellow-Also you can do  side quests!!! that are boring  as facc but you do get money so they  ok ( i don`t know kinda the same just a different places so i  guess is ok)-This game has parkour.  best parkour   that i know-There are a lot of weapons in this game form a knife to a shotgun etc... like any other game(you know how it is you star off with♥♥♥♥♥♥and in the  end is even more♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall i give this game  10/10"
76561198052308999,Recommended,239140,20352977,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,NotJustHim,"Dying light is one of those games that has a decent coop, isn't boring and has a fair enough single-player story. There are tons of side quests and things to do. The main game isn't as challenging if you abuse game mechanics to get really powerful really fast, but the dlc (the bozak horde) is still a really fun challenge.The most fun part is the freedom to run around and and the ability to slice zombies in half with a katana. The graphics are beatiful too.Overall, this is one of the few games of 2015 that is indeed worth a buy. I got it for 16 euros, but if I compare the overall value and the amount of things to do in the game to other 50 euro games, I'd say this is definitely worth full price. Especially so, if you have friends to do coop with.TL; DR; Other than an annoying early game, the game is definitely worth a buy, because of coop, fun combat, cool parkour, zombies and a lot of sidequests and things to do."
76561198141746636,Recommended,239140,28880934,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cn dota upper bracket dota,"Havent really accessed to the real game yet, because I am stucked on the tutorials for 2 hours and still unable to pass that. but overall the graphics are really awesome and have not crushed at least once on mac so far, the story line looks pretty interesting so I will give up on this game for now untill i recived my controller."
,Recommended,239140,33218959,Posted: 4 July,all,karTunez,"Honestly, in my opinion, no other zombie game can top it off (zombie survival games like the L4D franchise and CoD's zombie mode are a different story). Highly recommend this game for its 3 genres: Open World, Parkour, and Zombies. The only small detail that kinda bugs me about this game is it's lack of AI character facial feature variation: throughout exploring and doing missions, I realized that some AI's look the same and some even look like the main character himself, may not be important but something to address. Other than that, my experience with this game is three words: Fun, FUn....and FUN. Oh and one last word...fun.P.S. to get rid of the confusion for those who're skeptical thinking you only get Dying Light the game and not the rest like The Following because it only says ""Dying Light"" in cart, you get every DLC that comes with it."
76561198088722654,Recommended,239140,18475653,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Sp00ky soopa soot,"Overall this game is amazing, but like every game, it has it's downsides. The Graphics are great, the mechanics are useful and easy to learn. The full weapon customization is pretty neat. One of the only problems I had with the game is that you needed a pretty beefy graphics card to play it, but this problem was resolved shortly after.Pros.-Amazing Graphics-Easy to learn and access Mechanics-Full weapon customization-4 player campaign mode-5th player can join and hunt you down as the night hunter.-wide variety of tools used for getting around, and killing zombies-(this could be a con depending on who is reading this) but the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥scary xD-Great atmosphereCons-I feel the grappling hook is a bit OP-some of the weapons are very unrealistic and overpowered- Some zombies (such as demolishers or goons) are also overpoweredBut overall this game is good. Great infact."
,Recommended,239140,32501622,Posted: 17 June,all,kkw,sup
76561198099241446,Recommended,239140,28871443,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AvilaPT,"Really good game, one of the bests zombie games for sure"
,Recommended,239140,20253906,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kjøggis,"Perhaps one of the most underrated games i've played. Really nice graphics and smooth gameplay.Would say its kinda like an mixture of Assassins Creed, Mirrors Edge and Dead Rising, but it works wonders!Story is fine, had really good potential, but some plot-twists turned events in such regard you may find it lacklusting. When looking into just freely roam around the map and kill infected with your fancy weaponary. The finishing moves, combat-system, customization-options and the overall CQC-experience truly make this game fine as heck if you seek something to spend a lot of time into. Bring some friends and explore the post-apocolyptic Harran.Parkour, looting and endless of choices within your weaponary.. Are you still reading this? Just buy it! You'll get what i mean!Good night, good luck.."
,Recommended,239140,20256993,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,elofturtle,"It's a nice game with a few idiosynchracies:* guns and rifles seem to share even the same clip (went to a gunfight maxed out with rifles, making all of them useless at the same time)* tends to force quit spontaneously on Linux without apparent reason, though not often enough to be reallly annoying.* Side quests and map locations can be a bit buggy at times.* The main story line is extremely linear, so you have the odd experience  of absolute parkour freedom and no freedom what so ever in story progression.I'm in it for the parkour and drop kicking zombies off roofs, and that is very satisfying indeed."
,Recommended,239140,19794274,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Task Force 131,wow nice game tho if you played Dead island or Dead rising and State of Decay you will love this game. I can say this game is complete version of those game .1. open world2. lot of zombies (deferent kind )3. bad guys4.safe house5.weapons6. Craft weapons . update weaponslike Dead rising  zombies have more power at night and you will see some dangerous  zombies which make you to wait till morning (by sleeping tho ) another cool thing like Dead island or Dead rising  you can build your weapons or update them to some thing strong and like State of Decay you will see random people in street need help and I you help them they will give you rewards there is look more cool things inside I cant write them here you have to see by your self :)Graphic 10/10Sound 9/10AI 8/10Realistic 9/10Developer team works 8/10Story 9/10game play 9/10single player time  +20 hoursmultiplayer time    + 40 hoursworth to buy this game with  59.99 price  IT IS WORTH with this price but wait for some sales :)
,Recommended,239140,28635965,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bubur Ayam,Mirror's Edge : Zombie Edition xdd
,Recommended,239140,32410835,Posted: 14 June,all,LaMotta,Worth the money on sale.
76561198008405446,Recommended,239140,32957912,Posted: 28 June,all,Armoured Centurion,"Never before has an open world Zombie survival been so gripping for me. It literally feels like your balls are rising into your body when performing parkour stunts across the post apocalyptic city of Harran. While the story does have some weak points here & there, the gameplay and RPG themed system for the weapons certainly make up for it.Easily a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,17343829,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,MochaBean,"I managed to get this game running on an overclocked GTX 660M (Core: 1085 MHz (up from 950); VRAM: 6 GHz (up from 5 GHz)). For what it's worth, I'm on Linux. It's running on lowest settings at 768p. I get ~40 FPS.It's only crashed once, but I'm not surprised or angry; I'm *far* below the minimum specs, and I've got a rather large overclock.BTW, loving this native Linux support. Keep it up, Techland + WB.Now, on to gameplay.I love the gameplay. This game is addicting. It's kinda like a mixture of Mirror's Edge and Fallout.Mirror's Edge because, well, parkour. I've never played Mirror's Edge.Fallout because it's a fairly open-world game with quests, neat combat mechanics, and interesting item mechanics (trading, looting, that kinda jazz). Oh yeah, and I love the lockpicking mechanic. It requires *actual* skill instead of some skill that you level up. I love that.I'm a sucker for a fast-paced first-person game with tight controls and interesting game mechanics. If you are too, buy this game."
76561198064519188,Recommended,239140,17283641,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DragoonToby,"Dying Light is an open-world zombie game. Here you can craft and improve your weapons using the resources gathered from scavenging in the zombie-infested city of Harran. At night, a harder special infected arises making the game even more challenging. I made a youtube review that covers the basics of the game. It's one of those releases that lives up to its hype. Good storyline, fast-paced and tons of fun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOZNkjIe7a0"
,Recommended,239140,21395412,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,That's Ridonkulous!,Start off being everone's grocery boyAfter a while you are now a very fast grocery boy.When you complete the game you are still everyone's grocery boy for side quests.When you start The Following you are now everyone's grocery boy with a vehicle.When you finish The Following you are still everyone's grocery boy trying to level up your Legendary Rank.The pain never stops.
,Recommended,239140,28916460,Posted: 1 January,all,luke1two1,Dying light is one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,239140,20745634,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TheEliMan,"Fun game with awesome parkour and fighting mechanics. The voice acting is not the best but you get used to it, and the graphics are amazing."
,Recommended,239140,27621029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Solus,Loads of fun especially with other ppl. The sounds heard in the game are a are little bone chilling though. Definitely not for the faint of heart. So much to explore and unlock.
,Recommended,239140,23704803,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Benjamoose,"The gameplay feels fun and fluid for the most part (though a little repetative at times), and the fact that it has a proper COOP campaign is great (especially when most people don't bother these days). Unfortunately though, the game lets itself down at the last few hurdles.Without spoiling anything, if you plan on playing through the story with a friend, the door that leads to the very last ""level"" of ""stuff"" boots you into single-player without choice. So if you've cried blood and tears on an awesome playthrough together, be prepared for morbid disappointment when you find your session is cut short prematurely at the end.The ending itself is also fairly lackluster. Relying on quicktime events for the final scenes and forcing you to do a running sequence just before that'll have you pulling your hair out with frustration.The game also has an annoying tendency to abuse the same situation for it's boss fights. It will remove all of your weapons and then force you to fight with something basic like a pipe. This would be fine for the first boss or two, but when you have a detailed crafting system and wide weapon variation, it sucks that 90% of the time there is very little point in crafting or upgrading them. I managed to complete the game with the first three decent weapons I managed to get my hands on, which seems wrong somehow.To briefly mention, I'm not a huge fan of the climbing mechanics. For the large part they're fine, but while climbing upward is normally as expected, climbing donwards is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you're on a high crane or spire.It also doesn't handle restoring your weapons well either. You have to collect it as loose items again from a large bag, which means if your inventory was mostly full beforehand, it's a nightmare to get everything back the way it was due to held items not taking the same storage space as your stored items.The story is somewhat forgettable and poorly written at times (we meet characters that are supposed to die poetically and break our hearts, but only after meeting them a few missions prior, thus we feel relatively little for the loss) and there are a few plot holes or things that could have been called back to for more interesting dramatic tension or resolution (such as the ominous green zombies that never seem to really return).The music is pretty enjoyable though, mostly consisting of 80s-style synth drones.Long story short; the game is fun when played with a friend, but the ending and some game mechanics are a bit of a let-down (Graphically it actually reminds me more of a game from around 2009, such as the 2009 Wolfenstein game).I'd personally recommend grabbing a copy on sale at some point and running through it with a friend. It's definitely the best multiplayer Zombie title currently around. The actual gameplay combined with the multiplayer keeps this pretty fun for the most part, but I wouldn't recommend playing it alone. It'll get old pretty fast."
,Recommended,239140,14775980,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fishzerg,"Dying Light is the best zombie-game up to this date. Atmosphere filled post-apocalypse with strong emphasis on survival. Fighting and movement/parkour feels fantastic and quick. The world is huge and very detailed, and hence very satisfying to explore. The world is very immersive with some varying weather and day-night cycles, where it gets much more dangerous during the dark. The story is interesting enough: epic at times, but overall standard and sometimes cheesy. The character you control is fun and sarcastic, overall adding to the shifting sense between dramatic and humoristic world. Overall this game excels as a an action game with a rich world to explore.The game reminded me of Stalker some times, where you can never be too sure how an encounter or a situation will end. Other times it reminded me of Fallout, where if you pay attention to details when exploring, you can find small clues telling a short story of i.e. what happened to that corpse in the bed. The game's graphics are fantastic (but I am aware that some people have experienced technical problems), especially the lighting is very immersive and atmospheric.Dying Light lets you play the way you prefer. You can be quick and fast, practicly flying and sliding through the city. Or you can be slow and explore your surroundings. The best part is that both approaches are rewarding in their own way, but I would suggest the slower exploring style, due to all the fantastic detail that can be observed.The zombies are traditional, in that sense that they are almost no match for you when you single one out. But once you are surrounded by a group, everything changes. And as is standard in many classic zombie stories, man can often turn out to be your worst enemy.Dying Light also offers many side quests, some of which are really epic, both in terms of action and humor. Some other quests are simple fetch-tasks, but are complimented by the main characters reactions: such as tossing the fetched package at the quest-giver angrily and insulting him/her. It' satisfying that way.The game offers lots of variety in terms of surroundings, enemies, side quests, items, and locations. An approximate estimation is that it will keep you entertained and engaged for 40-50 hours. If the modding tools deliver in the future, this game could have so much more.I played mostly single player and found it superior to coop. Coop was too simple, where the otherwise threatening world turned into a easy playground. I hope this gets adressed in the coming hard mode.The infamous night mode is a very strong aspect of why the game feels so fresh, but here I also found a loophole. It is very easy to avoid the dangerous zombies through the mini-map, which literalily makes the night time a breeze. I found it much more engaging when trying my best to ignore the game's clues, and relying on hearing only (since it is otherwise dark..). This hopefuly will be attended to in the hard-mode which is coming from the developers."
,Recommended,239140,20107201,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Memekatzzz,Pretty fun game. I do feel that it is sorta a clone of Dead Island with parkour though I rate 3/5
,Recommended,239140,23951558,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,hi 'ikm' I'm dad,"Fun af, get it worth every cent."
,Recommended,239140,31448472,Posted: 29 April,all,Hentai is good,"Over all great game, just make sure you get the *Enhanced Edition* and complete both main stories, also try to play with a friend or two for a better time.Have Luck and Good Fun"
,Recommended,239140,28252454,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Assassinova,"I'm so addicted to this game. It's all I think of doing when I'm at work. I love how the game experience completely changes as you unlock different abilities, it's hugely addictive."
76561198128097608,Recommended,239140,14210604,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,GokuCanFly,well for starters it is a well rounded game with great graphics and style id rate graphics on new gen standards as a 9.4 sound 9 voice acting 7.8 content 9 replaybility 8 and last story 7 it deff has a dead island feeling but way better you can do every thing that you could in mirrors edge and kinda like assassins creed you can climb up and down all sides of everything.cons story is little ehhweopons dont vary that much either does loot dead island seemed to have morelack of kid and more zombie character models youl see only two kid modelswish the map was little more bigger or went to a big city like in distance but theres dlc right i think they could have had a little better ending but the quest make up. all and all its great game just could have been betterbeaten the game dozens of time and the following dlc is best dlc you could get. play on hard or go home
,Recommended,239140,32551568,Posted: 18 June,all,Aethryste,"One of my favorites, imagine Left4Dead2 combined with Parkour and a lovely amount of DIY Melee weapons like ""Wrench Kiss"", A wrench with 2 knives taped to it designed to split some skulls while you jump from rooftop to rooftop."
76561198082128406,Recommended,239140,24036837,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pennywise,"It may be squalid and zombie-infested, but Dying Light's city of Harran isn't a depressing wasteland – it's a vibrant, ambitious, open-world playground.Here, buildings are for climbing, the undead are there to be destroyed in creative ways, and there's always something interesting to be discovered nearby. It takes a while for that to become clear, though; at first, you might even think Dying Light is really about running scared from mobs of seemingly unconquerable zombies, who can quickly drain your stamina and wear out your improvised weapons. Don't be fooled."
76561198284534263,Recommended,239140,28558588,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GLITCHED,"Great game, fun for hours upon hours!"
76561198166222860,Recommended,239140,14302764,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,LittleAdrian,"i never thought i would play a game that would make my spine shiver when i see the sunset. there are monsters in the night, and trust me they can run faster than you."
76561198040693118,Recommended,239140,23859398,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Drummercommander,"This review is spoiler free!My (zombie) Game of the Year. One of the best games I’ve ever played. Exactly what I was looking for in a zombie game!+ Awesome co-op/multiplayer+ Awesome community+ Awesome campaign+ Cool side quests+ Truly amazing sound design+ Good graphics+ Good DLC+ Free Docket Codes (devs hand out free weapons from time to time)!+ An insane amount of melee weapons and a decent amount of firearms+ Parkour (No need to buy Mirrors Edge :P)!+ Nice skill tree+ Nice variety of zombies+ Gore (you can remove zombies limbs :D)+ Cool gadgets (won’t spoil them)- Ehh… volatiles can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes, but I like the challenge- The two community challenges we’ve had so far were not very good. The devs didn’t really inform us in time. I missed out on some pretty epic rewards :*("
76561197965067948,Recommended,239140,30953680,Posted: 4 April,all,Stabby McStabStab,"Going into this game as a Dead Island vet, I have to admit, the learning curve was a bit steeper.  I'll keep this review short and sweet.Public multiplayer in this game isn't worth playing at this point.  Everyone is too highly buffed to make the quests have relevance.  Do what I did, play through the campaign in Single Player mode, then do some side quests online.  This game excels on what Dead Island did in every way.  There's a great level of exploration, vulnerability, variety, and satisfaction that comes with this title.  A solid first-person zombie game that I would recommend to anyone.Plays well on the Steam Controller.8/10 for any survival-action fanatic out there."
76561198024482910,Recommended,239140,25894168,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,snowwe_aso,"This is the best zombie action game of the last decade. A huge open world with movement like no other genre. Then it picks up again with an even larger world complete with a buggy to slam around in, smashing walkers and hitting jumps. The story is enjoyable, clear, has solid characterization and provides a satisfying conclusion. The visuals are smooth with beautiful landscapes and sky shots. Combat feels tight with weapons that have impact and a good upgrade system. This is the zombie game that I have always wanted and it is a must play game for everyone!"
,Recommended,239140,20796383,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Skynet,"Absaloutly the best game of 2015 and probably my favorite game of all time, great story, and not always a happy ending, This game perfectly mixes between open world, adventure and combat by day, and creepy and unseteling by night. only one big problem with this game and its the fact that there is no sequel.                                             (yet)"
,Recommended,239140,28629901,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,s 0 v i,best games comes from poland :D 5/5
,Recommended,239140,32704249,Posted: 23 June,all,MeatShield.,"One of my favourite games.Playing this with a team or by yourself makes for exceptional game play.With the new revamp of the game and additional content, this game takes the cake for anything zombie and parkour.Would recommend for everyone!!!"
,Recommended,239140,20307204,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Distinguish,"One of, if not the, best survival zombie-apocalypse games I've ever played.And I'm still scared to go out at night."
,Recommended,239140,18280110,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RFz,10/10 Left 4 Dead was my favorite zombie game until I played this.
,Recommended,239140,28807961,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SaneZero,"Let me start off by saying I wish I paid full price for this game, that's how amazing it is. It's beautiful and runs at a constant 60 FPS with no issues. Dying Light keeps you busy once you beat the game as well, the following DLC is an amazing end game DLC to play with your friends and you can also do bounties which will help you max your ranks once you've beaten the game. I'd reccomend this game to anyone who loves zombie games and co-op with friends or even randoms. The community isn't bad either, of course you'll come across a few bad people but that's normal, but you'll also make a lot of friends just by playing with randoms. So if you're looking for hours of brutal fun, I totally recommend Dying Light"
76561198118039676,Recommended,239140,26329381,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Shina (Temporarily Inactive),"If you want to slice a zombie's head off with an electric, flamethrowing, bladed, enhanced, acidic police baton, then this game is for you."
76561198066224775,Recommended,239140,14346612,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MIRA KILLIAN,MIRRORS EDGE X DEAD ISLAND
,Recommended,239140,14691495,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tasty Mushroom,BEST GAME EVER CREATED BOUT ZOMBIES <3
76561198141388174,Recommended,239140,25907964,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Junior,The best zombie killing game ever!thrilling 10/10gameplay 10/10gory 10/10storyline 9/10and when you get to a certian level oh sweet sweet grappling hook.really recommend this game!
,Recommended,239140,19654485,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DidiPowa,"Pros:- Great Graphics Quality- Good Player Movement (IMO)- Zombie Hack n' Slash- Plenty of side quests and misisons- Good Co-op feature (up to 4 players)- 2 Large Maps to play through- The Following DLC adds a HUGE map- The Following DLC also adds a driveable/customizeable dune buggy- The Following DLC storyline is pretty goodCons:- Not a large online player database- Singleplayer story is not that great (IMO)- Hard to find matches in Zombie modeThis game is great to play with friends, especially after you complete the story mode yourself"
76561198030145963,Recommended,239140,18147962,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,123,awesome game
76561198133710377,Recommended,239140,16015478,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dr.Chaimsaw™,Badass zombie fighter in the dayScared little girl at night10/10
,Recommended,239140,35094905,Posted: 20 September,all,¡TUSK3N¡ - discord.gg/4RJrpKg,⠀
,Recommended,239140,33977689,Posted: 2 August,all,[DD] ☣Biohazard☣,"Great game, great atmosphere, graphics are quite good. Makes you feel like it is happening in real life and you are part of it. Presence of unexpected events and surprises, fear of the darkness and the horror value make it even more realistic. Some side quests could be less in numbers (racing, competitions etc.). In addition, I wish they added some basic needs (like hunger etc.) though. To sum up, you won't get bored a single moment playing it. Even when you finish it once, I am sure you will miss the action in the streets of Harran again some time..."
76561198195745511,Recommended,239140,32433601,Posted: 15 June,all,karim.a.hassan,bes zombie game i  played in yearsstill miss its days and game play
,Recommended,239140,35459240,Posted: 3 October,all,Orenten,"I saw this was on sale, and I needed to throw my hat into the ring and say this game is absolutely with the purchase.By day in this game, it is a struggle to run about and complete objectives and makes supply runs while managing what weapons and supplies you use (your weapons degrade, and can only be fixed so many times; meaning you won't have that OP weapon forever). Keep noise to a minimum, and try not to get surrounded...But it's a whole different game at night.When the sun falls, so too will you if you do not seek shelter. In the night there is a breed of infected that move faster, navigate and parkour better, and will rip you limb from limb before you can scream for help. Your only hope is to avoid conflict entirely and reach shelter in bases, or under UV lamps that burn the infected (which is why you will not see them in the day). Be cautious, however, for dark areas may still have them about...Still, consider yourself brave enough? You'll be rewarded with double XP progress, so long as you LIVE through the night.Noteworthy things-Your weapons degrade, and you will need to choose your battles, not all fights can be won, don't be afraid to run.-You have LIMITED stamina at first, but when you progress far enough, you will gain unlimited stamina. (This feature makes it VERY dangerous to be out at night)-You can be the infected, but only if the players have that option enabled. (Keep it enabled, more challenge and more fun!)-There is not a lot of gun variety-Parkour stays fresh and fun, with combat abilities that tie into it. (And a grappling hook later on!)Pros-This game, while not requiring coop, is much more fun and easier with a friend, more so with the DLC.-Graphics aren't half bad for the time it was made-Plenty of playstyles for plenty of peopleCons-Lack of guns for the gun-nuts. No AUG, not AK47...-Not uncommon for mis-navigation (when you want your character to jump up, but he ♥♥♥♥ing jumps backward off the building like some dumbass Assassin)-Weapon degradation (except guns); personally I like it, but your weapons will need to be repaired and have a limit for how many times they can be repaired. You will eventually break that lovely electric sword, promise you.-The Night; Don't go out at the night, for the love of your higher power don't go out at night."
,Recommended,239140,24293508,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Yung Blood,"Yeah, the graphics are so tiiiiiiiiight and moist. It just gets me off."
76561198328053830,Recommended,239140,28610566,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Thegamingmaniac33,great game but i wish there was a longer story mode
,Recommended,239140,35480387,Posted: 4 October,all,Saurlex,"I never liked zombie games until i played Dying light. It got me into the genre and i've since played many other zombie games and they've not been as good. Would definetly recommend, i've played 67 hours and haven't done the dlc storylines yet. Totally worth playing. 10/10"
76561198417620732,Recommended,239140,35465807,Posted: 4 October,all,kyle crane,"This game is really masterpiece.The quality is very good, and the game is very easy to operate.And the level system looks really good.So It's fun to be like fun.but It was very cold after fishing more.I hope it will be a succession work because it is good after a few years"
,Recommended,239140,35466791,Posted: 4 October,all,Sapper_AU,Stress Relief.
,Recommended,239140,19180013,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,YoU ArE oNLe HuMaN,This game is the one of the greates survival-parkour.I would buy the Dying Light 2 if it would exist.You can play this without getting bored its more fun with friends.
,Recommended,239140,21355947,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Assman,"Day 1:-Load up dying light-Config settings-Join friend-Do the little intro bit and get into the full co op area-Get into some good clothes so I dont look like a banana-GO KILL♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH MY FRIEND!-*EXPLOSIONS N BLOOD N♥♥♥♥♥♥-Do a few more missions-Go get a supply drop at night-Do the little GRE Antizin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-See a volatile♥♥♥♥♥♥pants-Run ♥♥♥♥♥ run-Escape-End of dayThat was just day 1 and I loved EVERY MINUTE OF IT! It was so good and the following is just as good, the only con is that the game does not have an infinite story"
76561198001844565,Recommended,239140,24322736,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,vanalien,Ohhhh yes
,Recommended,239140,24327165,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rubi,"This Game is pretty awsomeGood point:1. parkour system is so cool, you can run to lots of place, you can climb the wall, you can cimb to really high, you can jump over the head of the zombie, you can crash the zombie, you can roll to decrese fall damage when jumping fron high place balabalabalalalal2. Zombie system, yep, I like the zombie in this game, zombie party divide to two party, one is day party which is pretty dumb, another is night party which is powerful.3. Online invsion system, eventhough i didn;t play so much in the online system, it is awsome when you and your friend fight with other zombie player, when your game is been invaded, game will give your signal to prepare.Bad point.1. parkour system, yep, sometimes, I feel not good that I died when I fall from a place which is not too high, especially, in the DLC, I can feel this problem is a issue.2. Zombie system, I like fight with Zombie, I like be a warrior in the night but I don;t like to fight all the time, Usually, when I kill some night zombies in one place there will be some night zombies respawn around me immediately, WTF,  I think this should give the player to feel safe  or take a breath when they have killed bunch of night zombie.3. Mission system, the map in this game is so big, that is cool and I like run free in the map and do something fun . However, sometimes you need to across to do the mission, then, guess what, you need to run across the map agaion to tell someone that ""you finished this mission"".................................................................................. this is another reason, I am tired of wasting time during the run for♥♥♥♥♥♥stuff."
,Recommended,239140,33489244,Posted: 12 July,all,qwad,"Dying light is such a great game, Open world, Crazy amounts of missions, Awesome movement system, and very clean and crisp combat system."
76561197973388107,Recommended,239140,15396209,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Fss_0f_Death,If you don't like killing zombies with machetes (that are on fire) while jumping between buildings you are dead inside.
,Recommended,239140,30852421,Posted: 31 March,all,Jak Shim,"Possibly the best open-world game (with emphasis on player mobility) available, and certainly the one I've played for the longest."
76561198017236669,Recommended,239140,35499181,Posted: 5 October,all,JayCelow,"Great game, lots of replayability."
76561198336702194,Recommended,239140,35499072,Posted: 5 October,all,cudaplay1,Get the enhanced edition. Worth every cent.
76561198163937577,Recommended,239140,33110951,Posted: 1 July,all,Budee,Get. This. Game. Right. Now.
76561198112216277,Recommended,239140,28628858,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lorin Strudel *supergeneral tag*,"Now i have 2 braches here that i have to speak about :The first one is :Singleplayer and Co-opAwsome , good story , dialogue is perfect , zombies are balanced , secondary missions are awesome , bounties not bad , also pretty good competitions for co-op , very intresting types of zombiesThere's allot of stuff to do in Co-op and Singleplayer from slashing some basic zombies to the thiniest bits to absolutely anihilate demolishers in one shot , from simple loot competitions to picklocking police vans , or even run volatiles and virals at night .The second one is :Multiplayer/Zombie InvasionsThis is where it gets bad :Glitches , allot of times healing dropkicking and UV lighing dont even registerTrust me i hate to say it but this part is very bad for the fact that sometimes people want to dropkick a night hunter but guess what , it doesn't register , or let's say you want to recover from some zombie wounds you make a move and bravo you wasted a medkit on absolutely nothing or a night hunter pounces you and your escape is to use a UV light well even if you hold the light in the eyes of the hunter nothing happens .Or let's say you play as a night hunter : ground pounds dont register and you die ... or you tackle a survivor for absolutely nothing because they will dodge it even if they jump and not dodge properlyDefenetely recommend but don't play invasions that much79/100"
,Recommended,239140,30145440,Posted: 24 February,all,TheToad,"My expectations were fairly high going in to this game - and I wasnotdisappointed.I had watched a couple of streams of people playing this game with their friends, and thought that it looked like a lot of fun, so I finally managed to talk my friend (who does not like zombie games) into playing it with me. And we definitely had fun.The story revolves around you, an agent/soldier type guy who is sent into a city which has been sealed off as a result of a zombie outbreak, in order to find some important research documents. While on this mission you meet some nice (and some not so nice) people, as well as learn some new things about the people you are working for.The story is maybe nothing too original, but the gameplay is where this game really shines, and I'll try to mention all the (in my opinion) most important things.-The weapons. You can fight your way through zombies using a wide range of weapons, from swords, daggers, clubs, guns, rifles, bows,  fists... You name it. Weapons can be found, crafted or bought, upgraded, sold... However, all weapons will eventually break.-The enemies. There areplentyof enemies, from the regular slow zombies to fast zombies, exploding zombies, huge, charging zombies - and the worst ones of them all, the ""night zombies"". The difference between night and day in this game is, well, like night and day. During the day you might feel safe, but during the night? Be sure to keep a bunch of flares on you anddo notstop running.-The Grappling Hook. Once you get this item, the game changes completely. You are no longer limited to running and juming. You can zip around all over town, escaping zombies or reaching the roof of tall buildings much more easily. You can also use it as a (not very efficient) weapon. I love this item.-The Following. This expansion was also a lot of fun. You get access toa car, and let me tell you, driving around mowing down zombies is way more fun than it should be. Honestly, who needs a sword or a gun when you have a car? One thing that I missed when playing The Following was the ability to zip from building to building, as there are not that many buildings out there on the countryside where the expansion takes place. But then again, who needs buildings when you have a car.- The other DLCs. I enjoyed the parkour challenge DLC, however I didn't really enjoy the Bozak Horde survival challenge DLC. But these DLCs are not really mandatory, and you can choose to skip them all together if you don't want to do them (and don't care about achievements).I played this game with my friend from start to finish, and I really recommend playing it coop with someone, either a friend or just someone online. However it is completely possible to finish the game alone, so even people who prefer single player should definitely give the game a shot. Just be careful, especially during nighttime, as you won't have anyone to watch your back.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,239140,27822581,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gat,"Great history, mindblowing end indeed, wallrun it's when you run forward in a wall and not upwards"
,Recommended,239140,25889200,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,^1MaZ_TeR_,"Good guys devs, thought the main game wasn't enough so they made another game double the size of the first map with half the price of the original one.10/10 IGN would nuke Harran again."
76561197970661224,Recommended,239140,18841576,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Wulfgar,it's awesome :)
,Recommended,239140,14212452,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KillPond,Just buy this game already...
,Recommended,239140,14256516,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,th1ccB0y47 #thiccb0ysrule,"Both the maps are incredibly dense with interesting geography and architecture - every square inch of the world is worth having in the game, there are no barren wastelands or boring buildings that serve as nothing more than obstacles, but at the same time the maps are large enough that you would wish there were vehicles if not for zee jumping and zee leaping and zee climbing mamma miaSome of the textures are sloppy but the way it looks in motion is A+.Because modern technology allows such brutal, graphic combat and incredibly seamless parkour, it shows that no matter how good the games of the past were, this game is just as fun purely out of how well the features have been implemented, even if it's not quite as compelling as Bioshock or sucking you into another dimension like Oblivion.9/10 my goty"
76561198285917483,Recommended,239140,23092557,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Zaptor,Great game. It's definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,239140,19347447,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SirGoose,"Hey guys,What I think about this game:Props:- Beautifull graphics- fantastic gameplay- very funny to play- sound effects- crafting system- Singelplay/Multiplayer/CoopDevs:- Low FPS for IntelHDGraphics lolAt this moment I have like 2 hours on this game and I really enjoyed.Have low FPS, but that's what you get with IntelHDGraphicsStory line is very very good.Also the sounds and animations are realistic.I bought this game just 2 days ago in sale for like 20dollar or something, and it is really worth it!For the people who want to buy it, this game is really recommended.But for people with IntelHdGraphics and who want to play on like 30fps, this isn't the game for you."
76561198011019539,Recommended,239140,14218554,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Fedex780,This game is really really goodIt is super fun to play single player and survive it out against the hordesIt is even better when you get some friends together to do it with you10outta10 - IGN
,Recommended,239140,32907740,Posted: 27 June,all,Pelarus,"Dying light to me is a truly great game. Many people compare it to the Dead Island series which is fair since Techland developed both, although I have not played any Dead Island games. I find that the parkour is fun and allows pretty much total freedom. The combat isn't hard to master, but I really liike the skill trees and how they work. The weapon modification is interesting, but I feel that its lacking a bit, could have more unique additions, but it is rather good. The DLCs are not terrible. The Bozak horde isn't great, but it is pretty fun. The Following however, feels like a whole new game, the mechanics added with the buggy are amazing. Dying light is definietly one of my favorite games and I am really looking forward to the 12 monthes of free mini DLCs coming up."
,Recommended,239140,14660421,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,lemeeto,"Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!I haven't got anything but positive things to say. Highly above my expectations! I didn't know about Dying Light until just before it was released. It's an amazing concept and it's nice to see it actually works. Free running and zombies, what more do you want?"
,Recommended,239140,14211701,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MrFox <(^-^)>,"This game is one of the best I have played recently, it's definetly in my top 5 games.  I would recommend that you buy this game if you liked Dead Island or Mirrors Edge, but you should probably wait until they've made the game more stable.Finished with the story and I must say that it's really well done and well thought trough!"
76561198271423967,Recommended,239140,32427783,Posted: 15 June,all,Pugin94,"Probably the most immersive zombie game you could ever get.PROS:-Very good graphics-Huge selection of weaponry-Lots of weapon and player customization-Large variety of enemies-Advanced skill system-Good looting and melee animations-Incredible parkour-Good atmosphere that keeps you shaking in fear and excitement the entire game-Fun with friends-Huge open world with detailed interiors and interesting locations to exploreCONS:-Mediocre story filled with every cliché imaginable-Clunky gunplay-Unbalanced fights at some points of the game (all the enemies have fully automatic rifles and you have a little rusty knife)-FPS drops in multiple areas of the game (make sure you have an adequate computer before buying this game)-Multiple points in the game require a ridiculous amount of trial and error, to the point where it is frustrating-Boring characters with little charisma and really terrible face animationsOverall, buy Dying Light for the exploration, diverse zombie population, parkour, and amazing combat system. Don't expect an amazing story. I would recommend you wait for a sale to buy this game, as it very frequently is on a 60% discount."
,Recommended,239140,14218333,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Miterk,"Muito bom, o mapa é muito detalhado com varias posibilidades de parkour,a campanha pode ser jogada em até 4 jogadores sem restrições,o combate corpo a corpo é brutal a minha unica critica é em relação as armas de jogo que estão presentes que são apenas 2 pistolas, 2 rifles e uma shotgun mas porem haverão atualizações e dlcs."
,Recommended,239140,22317231,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lateksisammakko,nissan
,Recommended,239140,21118582,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","So I heard about this ""Enhanced Edition"" from a friend before actually checking on it. I was like ""They should just release it as a free patch update.""He goes, ""They did.""It's almost as if they actually care about their customers."
76561198017771570,Recommended,239140,21778680,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ŞįŁĔŃŦ ĦĔŁŁ,I can't say more its the best zombie game in Pc history !
76561198072932385,Recommended,239140,14250524,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,coats,This is a brilliant game. Everything about the emergent gameplay and open world is 10/10.The optimization update did help the minor frame drops that sometimes happen during encounters. But that would still be the one drawback of the PC version. It's something I can overlook however.
,Recommended,239140,14405424,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Profoundly Broken,"This game is awesome. The free running is done really well, the fighting is great, and the skills you learn as you level up are pretty useful. Vault over zombies! Slide under zombies! Fire your grappling hook at a wall and pull yourself through zombies! Slice, stab, kick, burn, electrocute, poison, ram, and smash zombies like you never smashed them before!That being said, it's really -- a much less buggy Dead Island/Mirrors Edge/Farcry 3(4?) rolled into one!Night time brings the real zasty ones that you can't really outrun or fight in a safe manner, so it's more of a stealth game at night...or run like you got caught sleeping with the police chiefs wife!"
,Recommended,239140,14410691,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,resdog,It's a fun game.  Typical open world.  It's pretty much Mirror's Edge with zombies and crafting.  The game isn't very well optimized.
,Recommended,239140,14417672,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mal'Nebiros,"Preface: I liked mirrors edge and I have played a lot of shooters/melee games. I did not  like dead island but did like it's option to throw melee weapons and modify them.Now that that I have declared the things which may lead me to have some bias we can get on with it. The game has a reasonably good storyline albeit somewhat predictable at times. The reason for you being in the situation makes sense, the interavtion with other characters makes sense. If I were to criticise any character ni the ggame it would be the main character for not developing much of a personality until about 60-70% of the way into the story. You may have heard that it relis upon a damsel in destress storyline, this is NOT the case with the ""damsel"" saving your life at least twice during the course of the game.The combat is good and relatively fluid. you can equip 4 melee weapons at a time and 4 utilities ranging from a UV torch to electricuted riot shields. The stamina systems keep the game challenging and the different ""special infected"" range from irritating to down right deadly and maintain that position until relatively late into the game.The weapon crafting is reasonable extensible with the ability to add effects such as fire or impact to weapons as well as modifications which add to damage, handling or durability to varying degrees.The exp rewards are reasonable and the skills you can unlock are helpful with only one of them, the grappling hook, really detracting to the difficulty of the game bar the ultimate upgrade from each tree, which essentially give you infinite stamina for their associated ability e.g. agility gemoves running and climbing stamina costs.The different skill trees do add a lot of different playstyles to your arsenal and I will say it again none of the upgrades feel boken.There is a reasonable amount of humour in the game including one of my favourite insults I have heard in years from ""the twins"" who are a pair of intelligent yet condescending brothers with an inability to relate to other people.The co-op is a good laugh and saves any progress you make to your campaign evein if you are not the host.Overall I would recommend this game a lot. It may not be original but it has taken the best parts of a lot of games with only a few issues that I have noticed."
76561197968212106,Recommended,239140,14382780,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Milord,"Well, finished Dying Light, not going to play it again ever. Was sorta good while it lasted.Don't bother conserving weaponry, just use whatever you can find and whatever upgrades you have at the moment. By the time your weapon breaks, if it's a decent one, you'll either have found a stronger one earlier on or be easily able to buy whatever store weapon is the strongest at that time. The economy is completely broken and pretty much meaningless. Likewise you'll never run out of medkits: make them whenever you have materials, buy two every time you open the shop since they're dirt cheap, take whatever you find in airdrops. After the first 5% of the game, you'll never run out.Parkour is super fun. It's the heart of game. Be warned there are some annoying ledges-and-edges-that-turn-out-to-be-ungrabbable here and there. If it's a rock cliff, fugadaboudit.If you think 40 hours of parkour plus some simple zombie combat (the best tactic is still swing at heads with a bit of dodging, the special moves leave you vulnerable) is worth the price, get this game. I frankly got this due to not having much else to play. You may want to wait till a deal brings it to the 20 dollar mark.Don't really see how Be The Zombie can be fun. Basically you're a troll who gets killed a lot. No ladder etc.Characters are not very interesting. Your charater's voice acting is pretty decent and get entertaingly snarky here and there. Bad guy is like FC3 Vaas diluted to one part per ten parts water. Plot may not make much sense due to railroaded feelings that have nothing to do with the gamer's experience, eg massive grief over characters you literally spoke to about four times.Ending was a horrible QTE, not to mention the carbon copy of COD's famed <spoilers ahead> pull knife out of your body to stab super evil bad guy.I had no technical issues whatsoever. Of course I'm using a i3 and R9 290, so if your processor is AMD or your graphics card is less powerful, it might get tricky."
76561198101943752,Recommended,239140,28388293,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,REQ FTW,"This game...words cannot describeGraphically it's beautiful, I have a GTX 970 4G and can run on the highest settings at a solid 60FPS+The story is catching, I got hooked on after 10 minutesIf you want a game that is both beautiful and full of story, get this game!"
,Recommended,239140,20821621,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Piedude128,Playing as zombie spiderman is super-fun.
76561198028741913,Recommended,239140,14192390,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Legend27,This is a really fun and good looking game but unless you have a good computer the game will be a bit clunky
,Recommended,239140,14422149,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,I love bojack in bold red text,"Dying Light is a zombie game which isn't shy of upholding cliches but does so in a fun and innovative way. Comparing the game to Dead Island (: Riptide) the game has fixed a lot of the core flaws and completely rebooted the story in a new setting with new parkour mechanics. The game does this very well, you start up with a character which is fumbling around in the dark, has no idea what to do and your parkouring still has to evolve. The pacing is really good for the first few hours. However this turns into disaster real quick. If you start co-op and do a few side-quests, your leveling will lead you to overpowered skills much too fast, obliberating minibosses with a few hits while that shouldn't feel possible as it makes the kills majorly disappointing. It goes from bad to normal to holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm a biotic spiderman with guns parkour, which is fun for new players to the freerunning scene but doesn't feel as fun for the purist parkour-only Mirror's Edge players.The story, as-is, is a bit lackluster. It doesn't include backstory (just a bit in the side-quests) and you don't really feel as if you're involved in a greater world with a lot of things going on. The architecture and levels reflect this, have a lot of conflicting design choices. Of course, this is Techland and they did not think this through, no biggie, the gameplay makes up for it. Smashing zombies in and running around the place with the day-night mechanics makes for a very fun game where you just want to run around and explore every inch.Even though the scaling isn't brilliant and the story isn't up to par, the gameplay, gunplay, graphics are all awesome and fun. If you can see through the 00's zombie action movie cliches, love blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with your fists and traps and you really like freedom of movement in a game, Dying Light is just for you."
76561198106530933,Recommended,239140,28971836,Posted: 3 January,all,Predatorrr696,"It's the game that Dead Island should have been.Amazing graphics and great coop and muliplayer (just wish if you could cusomize your character's to change how it looks aside from cloth)People offten compare it to dead island while they both have some common elements but this one is far more fun than dead island could ever be.It was on for 23.99 bucks last winter sale even though i bought it for 29.99$ in the previous sale i don't feel bad in fact this game is worth every pienny i payed, it's a must buy for every zombie fan and if you have a friend to play it with you are gonna have hell of fun."
76561197971556261,Recommended,239140,14307538,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[XIII]Seaplace,"Hands down the best zombie survival game ever made. The zombie, survival, open world, parkour coop tags all fit the bill, and theres more. Traps, boosters, crated weapons, guns that are really deadly, fast pased adranerline pumped or slow and stealthy!..and with 3 of your friends to top it all off.I only miss the basebuilding part from State of decay, but the very real looking envioment and the many small safehouses make up for it.This is probberly the only review I ever made with a 10/10EDIT: After finishing the game I have to revise my review. The ""endgame"" from the point of no return to and witht he ending was a big dissapointment for me. Lots and lots of frustrating jumps and exploding zombies and a QTE end.Still a good game but noe ""only"" 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,23733030,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cieser,"Love it, story, the action in all areas"
,Recommended,239140,20204508,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Russel Sprout,If you like the parkour off of mirrors edge and the mindless zombie mayhem of every zombie game out there this is a definite buyIf you dont like the parkour off of mirrors edge and the mindless zoombie mayhme of every xombie game out there then this game isnt for you
,Recommended,239140,34002899,Posted: 3 August,all,Juanathan54,Mirrors Edge: ZombiesThis is a great zombie game with a gripping story. The combat is well designed and the weapon customization is as well.The necessary parkour in the game is what makes it what it is and once you get used to the controls it is one of the best parts of the game.
,Recommended,239140,14331916,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Khaos,"After finishing the game, figured I'd give a short review.The game definately has some downfalls, but it can also be very fun at times. If you're looking for a game that has a good story, this is NOT one of them.Pros:- Amazing zombie killing mechanics. Slo-mo head explosions, decapatations, amputations, and thousands of creative ways to murder a zombie.- Creative, different zombie types.- Awesome night time gameplay, truly terrifying.- Great difficulty scaling. Fighting a zombie horde is actually something you may need to avoid, as a situation can turn from a fun zombie killing spree to being eaten alive.- Fantastically fun to play online as a zombie, and even better to play the Co-op campaign.- Weapon crafting is creative, and adds a lot of substance. The ability to modify stats is an added bonus.- Side quests and the open world aspects presented after you have completed the game means you get about a hundred hours of gameplay, depending on how much you like murdering the undead.- Lots to do!Cons:- The game itself isn't optimized very efficiently. Some areas drop your FPS considerably, and in general, using hardware that normally allowed you to play AAA titles on high will only net you a Medium-High. (Tip- Turn down View Distance, it has little impact on gameplay since its mostly Melee). I assume this will be fixed by patches.- Storyline is bland and predictable, the game's attempt at creating an emotional attachment to characters laughably falls through, and you soon find yourself forgetting the names that reappear or are mentioned mid to late game. Most campaign missions put you through mazes, or a generally recycled premises. (Like how many times do you have to be stripped of your weapons? Every single major encounter.)- The parkour mechanics need some work, prepare to fall to your death a few times when your character grabs onto a beam, only to scale and jump over it (Not a good idea on high heights) or even fail to grab a ledge altogether. The grappling hook is pretty.. Interesting too.- The minimap is terrible. Using the indicator to find quest locations. safehouses, etc results in frustration.- There's really no use for money. You can accumulate great amounts, but the weapons sold by the shop tend to be worse than your current- or only 30 minutes away from finding it on a dead guy.In summary :Don't buy the game for it's storyline. It sucks. Other than that, if you just want something to play with your friends then it is a great choice. Or if you just like the good old zombie killing action. Most other issues, like poor optimization and weird parkour mechanics, can be fixed through patches.For what its worth, I'd rate it6.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14335735,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,A Fuzzy Object,"To start off, the parkour is very well done.  Less restrictive and glitchy than Assassin's Creed.-The gameplay is very similar to Dead Island, a little too similar.  You can see shared animations between the two games, which isn't necessarily a bad thing in this case.-The shooter segments are pretty poorly done to be honest.  There aren't many guns, but they aren't very useful anyway.  Why are there different values and colors for guns that have identical stats and skins??? The animations are just as funky as Dead Island in terms of guns.  If there were suppressors, then maybe it would have a bit more depth.-PLEASE OPTIMIZE YOUR GAME BEFORE RELEASE!!! I had to knock down the graphics to 720p and everything else on low just to get ~30-40 FPS.  This should not be happening on a GTX 760!! It's not the most powerful card, but it sure can handle a lot more than this game looks.  This is a PC!! 60 FPS is the minimum expectation on low settings with a reasonable rig! This isn't a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console!!*SPOILER ALERT*- The story is meh at best.  I'm not sure if there was supposed to be a little romance between Crane and Jade.  Some cutscenes are illogical and out of place.  Cut his hand off, but let him live to extend the story?  Insert a far cry 3/4 hallucination level which honestly doesn't make much sense.  I don't think everyone infected traveled through a floating wonder world before they ate someone. It is also SUPER predictable. I was not surprised at any point. I'm not sure if I was supposed to be either.-The voice acting is ok, could use a little more authenticity in their vocals.  Sometimes they don't show much emotion, as if they're reading someone else's script (that's pretty much what they do anyway).  Bioshock infinite is an example of voice acting done right.- Some of the crafting doesn't make much sense.  I need a box of metal parts to bend a paper clip to use as a lockpick??  At least the lockpicking is familiar to Skyrim or Fallout 3 players and not the least bit glitchy.  The blueprints and upgrades are pretty standard, but at least it works like it should. It's a shame you can't make zombies fly with your great hammer of thor like you could in Dead Island.-I think there is enough to recommend, just barely.  I wouldn't get addicted to it like I did with Skyrim.-The missions are good with variety.-I love the night segment since that actually made my♥♥♥♥♥pucker up.-Why is there no manual saving option?  I understand the ""sleep here to save your game"", but I've BSOD'd twice and each time it happened I had already completed a few quests, which were not saved.  Why is there no save at the end of a quest???  Sure it could boost authenticity and immersion, but taking out that option just forces us to back track multiple times to make sure our progress was actually saved.  This is a major disappointment for me.  I don't like having to back track for something that should be in the menu.Overall, the story sort of ruined it for me.  There isn't much immersion especially when compared to games like Metro Last Light.  For me, I consider a game a good buy if I at least get 1 hour per dollar of enjoyable game time.  I'm on the second playthrough and I'm already forcing myself to play, trying to find something interesting and unique. Just over 20 hours played.  I'm getting the same feeling I got with Wolfenstein: The New Order, ""why did I pay $60 for this?""  I'm someone who prefers context.  Best example I can think of is: sex with a hooker < sex with a lover. Seriously, I felt unfufilled after I beat the game. It's fun otherwise.  5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14391512,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"The Dead Island sequel we've all been waiting for! Techland improved a lot of the mechanics. The parkour addition makes the world accessible vertically and feels great. Good game for completionists looking to get the most bang for their buck.PROS:-Dead Island with parkour-Excellent skill tree progression gives the game a nice RPG feel as you level up-Tons of content for completionists-Looks awesome in motion. Very nice looking overall.-Day/Night cycles. Night time really ups the tension with special infected and higher XP gains.-Sense of verticality is unparalleled. Was never affraid of heights in a game until Dying LightCONS:-Weapon crafting/variety was much better in Dead Island. Seems like Techland went backwards in this regard.-Only one protagonist, even in multiplayer! Dead Island handled multiplayer much better.-The final encounter is single player only! (This is not a spoiler, the game tells you before you approach it.)-No vehiclesNOTE: The game has nvidia-centric features. AMD users should do some research BEFORE buying.So in a nutshell, diehard DI fans should feel right at home. Just don't expect the same refined co-op experience. Also, the game rips off iconic ideas from mainstream games like Far Cry and Assassins Creed. Not a bad thing in my book, but some may consider this a con.Lastly, expect a very cliche and predictable story. Didn't add this as a con since DI games were never going to win an award for original story telling. It's all about the side quests!I enjoyed all 43 hours of my experience and can't wait to dive back in!"
,Recommended,239140,21385043,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mr. Unforgiven,it's ok..DLC has the same story.. find an anti-poison..8/10
,Recommended,239140,20618156,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Blobex,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,239140,23733774,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Swifticles,the game is beautiful   bit dissapointed with the ending in the following dlc but nonetheless a well made game
,Recommended,239140,14270918,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,THE SKYFOOGLE,"Dying Light was the most fun game I have played in years. I can honestly say it was one of the most addictive games I have  ever played and it terrified me at night-time (I don't usually get scared at games)The game does a great job of making you hate people and being sad when some of your own die.The ending had my heart racing and a massive sense of satisfaction when (Spoilers).All in all, I would give this game a 9/10, as sometimes it was a little buggy and unclear where you had to be but was an all in all enjoyable experience.EDIT: I have just lost my save file after 15 hours of play. Make backups people! I'm not very happy right now."
76561197989634916,Recommended,239140,29074977,Posted: 6 January,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"The game is a first person ""shooter"" with a parkour system that works well. The game has a few horror elements, but I only felt them when playing on the hardest difficulty and when I played during nighttime whenever the game let me. The reason I put shooter in quotes is that you barely use guns in the game. Instead you use melee weapons which have a limited durability and also can only be repaired a limited number of times.Something I can recommend is editing the games files to remove durability from weapons since they break too fast and can only be repaired a limited number of times."
,Recommended,239140,14384306,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ZoCo,I enjoyed it.9/10
,Recommended,239140,14548324,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lodder,"Most zombies games that are made these days are pretty much the same but I personally think Dying Light on on another level. The story, graphics, game play are all simply amazing. The parkour is definitely something that gives the game that extra hype.I look forward to seeing what the future DLC's will bring to the game10/10"
,Recommended,239140,17323976,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Manchester VLG,What Dead Island should have been...9/10
,Recommended,239140,18169875,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,gmate,One of my favourite games of all time! I bought this on Xbox One the day it came out and have been playing it ever since! I thought i would get it on PC for the Mods and i'm excited to finish this game over 10 more times! Dev team are very dedicated and i'm keen to see what they do next :) - 10/10
,Recommended,239140,16301417,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,•●Сэмюэл●•٠,"Very very imersive enviroment. everything moves like it would in real life.graphics are top noch(need a somewhat good pc to run).Sadly the storyline is just a little dry but good enough for you to keep playing.much like dead island, there are many side quest that are equaly or even more entertaining than the storyline. Yea its just another zombie game to ad to the zombie catagory but its a damn good one if you ask me."
,Recommended,239140,16448321,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SLOANEY,Pros- This game is a lot of fun- Lots of zombie killing- Gameplay brings some tension at night- Playing with friends is good fun- The dropkick is a must have ability and is probably the best ability :pCons- Once you completely finish the game there is not much else to do and becomes a bit boring
76561197996577956,Recommended,239140,17181871,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Random Facts,"This game is a MUST if you are a zombie fan. I've played it through with one of my friend and we had a blast!Positive- Fun- Beautiful- Easy to play- Story is *Ok*- Co-Op brings all the fun- Alot of playtime if you're a completionist. Even if you're not, you can easily get 40hours on this one.Negative- Need a somewhat good system to run it (had a gtx690 at the time and it was fine)- Story is *Ok*- Found multiplayer to be quite dull sadly, lacked something, can't really pinpointSo, should you get this game ? YES8.5/10EDIT :After the ""The following"" expansion update, this game has become one of my favorite games officialy. So beautiful, smooth like butter and god the gameplay is fun as hell. I give it 9.5/10 since the enhanced update and i recommend it to anyone who likes zombie games OR cooperative friend play."
76561197996938973,Recommended,239140,16940702,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,One of the best zombie games I've ever played. It let's you to free roam while chasing various quests and events.Pros-Good graphics-Open world(parkour)-Various weapons and tools-Realistic smashing effectsCons-Main story is a little bit short-Multiplayer isn't offering much
,Recommended,239140,18388174,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Lolzifer,"Two thumbs up! Super fun time online action adventure with best parkour free running I've ever played.The melee combat is exactly what Fallout 3 was missing, but V.A.T.S cut scenes promised and Killing Floor sometimes almost felt like when I was 'in the flow' as they say.Invasion mode can be super annoying, unless you're in the mood for it, then its a good rush. Level up and stockpile flares, stay with your team.The ""press B"" and ""everyone needs to be there for the quest to continue"" brings things down sometimes when there's five quests givers and an elevator and a shop and a quartermaster and an exit to the outside map all in one location for instance and someone is afk in team of four.Chaos.I guess Rais is on to something and sometimes the only thing to do is chop the offending hand off."
,Recommended,239140,15945379,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Quassi,"In Dying Light, a first-person, action survival horror game, players must use everything in their power to survive until the morning's first light in a vast open world filled with danger. During the day, players will traverse an expansive urban environment overrun by a vicious outbreak, scavenging the world for supplies and crafting weapons to defend against the growing infected population. At night, the hunter becomes the hunted, as the infected become aggressive and more dangerous. Most frightening are the predators which only appear after sundown."
,Recommended,239140,29981117,Posted: 17 February,all,^FS^ The Executioner -BS-,Everything is awesome in this game and like other games you don't have to update all time and losing your time ... people like me that have potato internet can have fun with friends :) awesome story ... fantastic gameplay ... you can't stop playing even if you have exam tomorrow ... you can't sleep and want to play (more & more & more)x10000... LISTEN if you haven't great life and you searching for the game to live in another life buy dying fu**** light right now ... you will forget about your real life and will be another person ... trust me ...
,Recommended,239140,14224232,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Amigo_Pinguim ✅,Best zombie game ! 11/10
76561198094658362,Recommended,239140,18142659,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dropbear,the ending.........lyke if u crie evrtim11/10 IGN
76561198010720625,Recommended,239140,14777420,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,-[SF]-Code-,"Good mix of few games *Dead Island, Mirror Edge... Game as itself is good, if u do sidemissions and explore u got  30 hours atleast of singleplayer or coop, and than there is multiplayer, 8 out of 10, so good luck and good night. Enjoi."
76561198075474765,Recommended,239140,14760744,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,☕ Granny 奶奶 ☕,10/10
,Recommended,239140,21177036,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sergeant Soft Serve,"A overall great co-op game, I enjoyed many hours of this game with a friend of mine, After playing about 99% of the game in Co-op seeing the final level be single player only and then the final fight not even being a fight but a quick time event was a big disappointment, and left a very bad taste in my mouth.But other than that the overall game was great, Some minnor balance issues aside."
,Recommended,239140,14370394,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Steve712,"This game is amazing, I was a little skeptical at first, but after I bought it there was no regret. After 14 hrs of just exploring the beautiful city and only being 15% done with the game.... I can say i am going to get my money's worth.I recommend it if you enjoyed games like Borderlands, Far Cry, and Dead island (the premature little brother brother to this game)So far it's a 10/10 for me."
76561198018450897,Recommended,239140,14340243,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,AdmiralFragSauce,"I never had any issues from start with lagg or any kind, so i cant really see what all the fuss was all about.After a few hours of playing this game, i simply love it and must be one of my fav games ever.I dont realy get scared or jumpy easy but when the night falls in this game, it actually makes me freak out a bit sometimes hehe.Most of the things is said allready in the past rewiews, but ye this game does have smooth gameplay and really have its moments and funny stuff added to.10/10 from me and worth every penny if you ask me."
,Recommended,239140,32872853,Posted: 27 June,all,SpookyShaggy,HURRAY FOR GAZI
,Recommended,239140,25263260,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MicOn,good game
76561198042700946,Recommended,239140,24724390,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sarlix,This is an overall great game. The buggies are surprisingly easy to handle and the general story is amazing. The one thing I personally wished hadn't happened was the ending of the campaign.In the end you just kinda' blow up the city and end the game.after that point there is almost nothing to do anymore. Everything just feels empty... I am very unhappy with this because it was such a good game. If another DLC comes out I will be getting it for sure.
,Recommended,239140,34430503,Posted: 22 August,all,ＧＲＡＭ,10/10 Would parkour decapitate anyday
76561198259818673,Recommended,239140,30601527,Posted: 18 March,all,Beast Gaming6767,"This is a good game l love playing it my favorite part is the zombie killing and gore""Mum can i have $60?""Why?""So l can get Dying Light The Following.""""No.""""WHY MUM WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""""Fine atleast i have 200 other games."""
,Recommended,239140,14303911,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Yesaye94,"Well, Where to begin with Dying Light.After finishing the main storyline with plenty of side quests that I missed, I can safely say that this game was quite something.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm not quite sure where to start with this review so I'll just start with the good stuff first.It holds good variety in weapons and zombies, As well as various human enemies, Both military and non-military. The parkour is, in my opinion, pretty smooth, Maybe not to Mirror's Edge standard but it gets the job done nicely. Combat feels very satisfying and well done, Especially with the dismemberment of body parts. Graphics aren't too bad, Even at a low resolution, The game still looked very pretty on my computer, though others may disagree. The variation between day and night offers a nice change in the gameplay, One minute you're a zombie killing badass, The next you're a wimpy baby hiding from corners and climbing rooftops as if your life depends on it, Because 9 times out of 10, it does.A few very small but noticable features in the game add to it's charm, Such as the three seperate skill trees, Survivor, Agility and Power, Each having unique perks that help improve the way you play the game (If you're not too busy dropkicking Zomboids off the rooftops to notice them). The menu's are similar to Dead Island, So those who played that should instantly be used to it, Though it's easy for new people to understand. Certain NPC's in the game can offer some valuable loot and a weapon completely for free,  Crafting feels very well done with the different varieties of blueprints you can find throughout the world or earn through quests (Flaming, Electrifying Sledgehammers FTW!) And it's open world gameplay with two different areas to explore: The Slums, where you start the game off and play about 70% of the game, The other being The City, Where you travel to during the main storyline and has much, much bigger buildings.I personally haven't played Multiplayer with any of my friends who also own the game but from the few random dudes who have joined my game whilst I play, I would say that the Multiplayer runs quite smoothly. As the host, It gives you plenty of oppertunities to set up challenges for you and your friends to complete, Such as kill the most zombies or find the most loot and whatever else the game decides. I do have a personal recommendation if you intend to go public online when you're playing so random people and friends can join you, TURN OFF ZOMBIE INVASION. If you don't want to be CONSTANTLY invaded by super zombies trying to munch your face off, Turn this off. If not, You'll most likely find yourself being invaded every 5 minutes with NO ONE to help you, You'll be left alone and have quite a disadvantage, Though if that's your kind of thing, Go right ahead.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Plenty of good stuff to say about this game, Now for the bad stuff...The story isn't great. Pretty much throughout the entire thing, You can already see what will happen from miles away and most times they do. The characters aren't too interesting and some are completely forgettable, Even though this game tries at times to make you feel something for the characters and make you feel connected to them (I'm looking at you, Rahim.)The game takes a little while to bring out the different enemy variations, Which mainly consists of you having to play through the main storyline before you even see mutated zombies in the world and even then, You rarely notice any or don't pay enough attention to notice them, the most I've seen is the normal snappy bitey zombies, Some Viral zombies which come when you make noise (The super fast ones in daylight) and the big hulking fellas with metal rebars usually standing around in one place.And I cannot finish off this review without mentioning The Final Boss of the game, The psychopathic dude who has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, Killed your comrades and ultimately made your life terrible in this zombie apocalypse. It comes down to that final moment, you finally reach the top of his mighty tower after scratching and clawing your way past zomboids and virals and falling to the dirt many, many times. A cutscene comes along, You and your enemy face off and what do you know? QUICK TIME EVEEEEENT!!!!You could see it coming a mile away, A God Damn Quick Time Event for the final boss. Please bear in mind that other bosses in the game that you fight, The Main Boss's Right Hand Man being just one of them, You fight all of those in the game normally, Dodging and leaping and slashing and dying a lot. But oh no, Not with this final boss, They treat you with a nice little QTE right at the end and you could EASILY see it coming a mile off. A dissapointing ending, In my opinion.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well, If you could be bothered to read through all my rubbish, Welcome to the end! ~Confetti and Fanfare~So, Final opinion on Dying Light.Although it has a few faults in the game that can be noticed with ease and may annoy a lot of players, Especially that damn final boss, Does it make Dying Light a bad game? Not. At. All.It's Fun, It's Satisfying and it certainly lived up to my personal expectations when I first heard about it and got excited to play it.If you're a Zomboid fan, A Parkour Fan or you just like to slice dudes up and dropkick them from rooftops like a total boss, I HIGHLY recommend Dying Light to you. Some may argue about the asking price of this game but from what I've played and seen, I personally think it's worth it.Dying Light has been, In my opinion, A great start to a new year of gaming, I only hope that developers can keep this up for the months to come.Until Then, Catch ya later, Folks!Good Night And Good Luck!"
,Recommended,239140,20672849,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,gostkowski,COOL CO OP GAME UNTIL THE LAST MISSION THAT YOU CAN'T PLAY CO OP!!!!! LAME!
,Recommended,239140,14431276,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Storm Funsoms,"i didnt really care much for the story, but the game mechanic had me replay the whole game right after i finishd it the first time. but swimming suck tho, they could've fixd it abit better, and the visual water thats in your face.. its like crane never blinks, even with water in his eyes. i tried to avoid water at all time, even if i were to jump from a bridge.. if you like zombie games, get it. if you like parkour, get it.8/10 would be more awesome with new game+, but im not really complaining.. also, i had some bugs in coop that did not apear in single player, but the game play makes up for it, so what ever"
,Recommended,239140,14327759,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Cheeky Bloke,Can drop kick a zombie off a roof10/10
,Recommended,239140,25961718,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[S]azer [W]aser,"Best ""zombie-survival"" game ever, IMHODying light 2 pls hurry up )))"
76561198255447026,Recommended,239140,23592035,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Lil'Ogre,Very fun game and worth all the money
,Recommended,239140,22814172,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,u fking piece of SHIT,"The best Zombie-slayer game i have ever played. The graphics are breathtaking, characters are perfect and the story is great: there are many twists in it which make it exciting. The parkour moves are also excellent and the coop is working well. It is not by accident that this game was signed to the best coop game of the year 2015. Rank system is okay too. It is also a survival game so you need to collect items in the daytime to create weapons and other creative useful things which helps you to survive the much deadlier night. And yes, it contains many frightening things. I absolutely recommend this one to every zombie-slayer gamer because your dreams will come true in this game. :)"
76561198081741911,Recommended,239140,22580089,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,uh huh,"Review for dying light main game: This is a very well put together game. one fo my favorite zombie games. The way parecore, survival, and weapons are incorperated are brillant. sure, theyre are other games similar to dying light but DL just as a little more parecore, this is true, but also far from the truth. dying light is such a brilliantly put together story and charaters. I bought this game for 20 dollars on sale before 'The Following' was released. in my opinion the main game it self is not worth 60 dollars, but i would pay no more than 40 dollars for this game which makes me think i basically stole this game. one of my favorite parcour/zombie/openworld/shooter experience i think i will ever havereview for 'The following' : i payed 20 dollars for the following when it was released but if i didnt have the main game first both together would have been well worth 60 dollars. the following adds WAY more story that expected. tons of side missions and bounties which adds hundreds of hours of gameplay. the story is very well put toghter with a crazy twist ending. they really nailed this dlc. everything you would want with a 20 dollar dlc. (the buggys are great too!)dying light main game: 7/10 awesome game, boss fight was under whelming, characters could use workThe Following: 7/10 everything you would want from a zombie game dlc. its bigger than you thinkoverall 7.5/10 dying light is a great game with great dlc content and still lots of hours ahead of me"
,Recommended,239140,26426253,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Td_W_s,밤이 되면 잠입암살겜 아침이면 학살겜어쩌다가 이게 공포게임이라는걸 잊어먹음
76561198153841863,Recommended,239140,17098975,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Jeff,This Game Is Litterally The Best Game I Ever Played So Far... I Like It Soo Much That I Play It Every Day And Its Just Fun To Mess Around I Bought It Like 4 Days Ago So Thats Why I Didn't Play It So Much Yet It Is Really Fun To Play And YOu Should Deffinetly Go And Check It Out Because Its Soo Awesome. 20/10 Best Game Ever Made!
,Recommended,239140,19354363,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ragnar,This game combines the ideas of several games I like. The main idea probably comes from Dead Island - I would say this is a nice remake. Then there are areas that need to be unlocked similar to FarCry. And the last thing I already knew was the opening of the chests like in Skyrim. All in all a game that hopefully in koop mode ensures a lot of fun. So far so good. I'll keep you up to date.
,Recommended,239140,14197068,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Zachary3D,"FINAL REVIEW (1-27-15):GOTY so far! Amazing story and fluid gameplay. Highly Recommend!I've been waiting too long for a game like this to come out. I'm hooked.A Game That Lived Up To Its Hype9/10*Everything below is my ""Initial"" review*MY SPECS: AMD FX-6300 (No OC)R9 270x OC edition 4GbOn all HIGH settings with draw distance turned down a bit (AA and AO still on) I get around 20-40 frames. If you have AMD, Turn off the setting that states ""for nVidia"". Remember that you can also turn of V-sync to get much better FPS but with more variation. Without V-sync I was getting between 25-100 fps :)While I will admit that this game is not properly optimized at the moment, it is still very much playable. My specs are considered low and I still maintain a game thats more than playable/enjoyable. DON'T FORGET that while this is from the makers of Dead Island, they are now more experienced. I believe DI was Techlands first real game to get its name out there. This game is perdy:)GAMEPLAY: I only just got out into the open world, so I will refrain from saying to much. SO FAR, however, the writing is very well done and graphics/resolution look great (even on medium). Freerunning is simple and fun. Zombies are smart, yet slow like zeds should be. (WILL UPDATE AFTER A FEW HOURS OF PLAY)"
,Recommended,239140,26270712,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Reyz,"One of my favorite games to play to this day! It's such an amazing game to play with your friends and even solo. The story line is also very entertaining along side with the graphics which just perfects the game. I've completed this game twice on PS4 and yet to finish it on PC :D Hopefully, finish it for the 4th time!Rating 9/10Great Points:- Graphics- Gameplay- FreeworldFlaws:- The story line gets abit repetitive which drops it down to a 9- Grapling hook sometimes doesn't allow you to get to some placesOverall: AMAZING GAME!"
76561197978158301,Recommended,239140,14204659,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,George,"( I think everyone should include these before their review)System specs:MOBO: ASRock Z97 Pro3CPU: Intel Core i5 4670K @ 3.40GHzRAM: 8.00GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 798MHz (9-9-9-24)Vid card: NS-40D510NA15 (1920x1080@60Hz) 4096MB ATI AMD Radeon R9 200 SeriesGameplay:- The mechanics are awesome but they take a little time to get good at even more to master, jumping, grabbing ledges, using your moves effectively without messing everything up and getting into a bad situation will take you a little while.- The enemy A.I. is decent enough ( I wish more zombies would come after you at a time but whatever). Humans are hard as hell to deal with I'm struggling with them, they parry and dodge way too much since Crane (main character) is such a ♥♥♥♥♥ and gets tired after roughly 5-6 swings of his weapon in the beginning.- The story is alright there are parts that you just have to watch and get no choice in (this really pisses me off but in the games defense the story couldn't progress otherwise. I would have liked more choice but what can you do.)I'll leave this up and edit it once I'm farther in it is a decent game maybe priced a little high I would like to see some more of you in the co-op portion but at 50-80 dollars I don't blame you.All and all I'm glad I picked it up."
,Recommended,239140,30898589,Posted: 2 April,all,Ramingo,"Ramingo's Review for Dying LightDISCLAIMER: I'VE ONLY PLAYED THE NORMAL DYING LIGHT SO FAR, NOT THE FOLLOWING, SO MY REVIEW IS COMPLETELY FOCUSSED ON THE FIRST GAME!StoryI'm not sure about the story. I kinda lacks logic in my opinion. How the hell did it go from, you have to get those files, to let's bomb the city, in a heartbeat? Might have missed something because I've mostly played co-op, but I still think it's lacking a few things to make the story great. Not saying it's bad, because I like it, but I'm just not sure about the logic in it sometimes.6.5/10GameplayI love the gameplay, since I love the Walking Dead and zombies in general. I really like the fact that you can modify simple things as a gas pipe or baseball bat into something awesome, as well as those exploding throwing stars. At first you're like ""Where are all the guns"", but the fact that you can modify your weapons in a wide range, totally doesn't need those guns (although they come in handy sometimes). Of course, it's weird to see those Volatile and other weird zombies next to the usual biters that roam Harran, but it's giving that cool change of pace you need to keep remembering in what kind of hell you dropped yourself.8/10Free Running/ParcourMost of you will hate me for saying this, but as a big fan of Mirror's Edge: Catalyst, the free running in this game is not finished at all. The grappling to buildings or other things you can grab, is weird sometimes and it's not that diverse as ME, but of course that has its reasons. ME is a game focussed on free running, Dying Light is, in a certain way, NOT. Also sometimes Crane just fails to grab simple things while jumping towards it, so you fall to your death.6.2/10CharactersJade is ♥♥♥♥ing hot.10/10OverallI really like to play this game. The co-op is great and gives another dimension to the game, although I think it's too bad you can't edit your face and stuff in co-op, but that has its reasons because of the story you're in. Free running could be done better, but it's enough for the game. Story is likeable, but a lacks a little bit of logic. Overall I would recommend the game to anyone who's interested in zombies. And the graphics are awesome!SCORE7.3 / 10"
76561198104361263,Recommended,239140,21466686,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"dying light was a fantastic game from start to finish. while i feel the story itself wasn't that long in either the main game or the following dlc, there was plenty of side missions and activities to keep me interested/distracted. 81 hours in and even though i've beaten the story, most of the side missions, and the following dlc (i don't have the bozak horde or ultimate survival bundle) i still find myself coming back to dying light for a number of reasons. the parkour system is the best i've ever seen. while the grappling hook detracts from the realsim of running around a city or across a countryside, it's quite an enjoyable addition and invaluable when it comes to quickly crossing the city of harran or getting back to your car to chase down the latest medical drop (SO happy they brought that back for the dlc) or rush off to help some random survivor from zombies or Rais's thugs. scattered around the city and countryside are plenty of challenges or races to keep you coming back. i wish there was a way to go from the city to the countryside without quitting to the main menu and starting up the dlc, but it's not much of an issue. i cannot stress enough how much fun it is to hop in your buggy and plow through a field of zombies and pop out the other side of the field to see yet another field of zombies to plow through. they really stepped up the carnage in the following dlc. i love it. and they don't make the car overpowered, either. if you smash into too much stuff and break different parts, the performance of the buggy noticably starts to suffer. ruined tires make you spin out, a busted accelerator means you're not gonna reach top speed fast enough. run out of gas and you're screwed until you find more. by the end of the main game, i wasn't that scared of volatiles or the night time anymore-the following changed all that. volatiles not only feel more dangerous, they're more numerous. and fast. so freaking fast. oh yeah! and the bolter liver repeatable side quest. hunting down bolters in your buggy to run them over and snatch their livers. all in all, if you like zombie games or parkour games or open world games, dying light is not a game you would wanna pass up"
,Recommended,239140,15317547,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,killbot5555678,Let me start by saying so worth the 59.99$ if this is on sale BUY IT! i insist this game gave me a solid 31.1 hours of gameplay so far i idled a little (LEFT somewhere and forgot to shutdown so shave off a good 3 hours of the 31.1) this game has so little cons and so many pros for instance=zombies are amazing looking and have very good blood effects and also limb separation=world looks beautiful and or stunning=parkour is really cool you can run up tons of ledges/jump almost anything=NPCS (characters) were unique & cool (But Sadly were really weak and died shortly after saving them)And thats not even all of itsome tiny cons i noticed (Could just be me) sometimes after cutting a limp it rolls around right side upBe The Zombie (A GameMode) i found wasn't the greatest (Played as zombie twice and got attacked and killed twice didnt like both but thats just me nor did i like being the group that attacks the zombie)OverAll i would give this game a nine out of ten (9/10) great work(Rough Write up will be Rewrote later)
,Recommended,239140,14767031,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,WTWR Zydrate,"I was afraid of getting this because it seemed like ""Yet Another Zombie [Thing]"". Across my entire library, I only had one other zombie game. It's simply not a genre I care about because I generally find zombies to be fairly boring enemies to fight.But after poking the reviews and seeing a lot of comments like ""20 hours played, 15% of story complete. 10/10"", this implied that there was more to the game that it seemed. Indeed, I took a chance and dropped the full 60$ on this and I turned out to be fairly surprised, and pleasantly so.For me, what sets this apart is the ability to parkour around. This makes traversing the cityscape a lot more interesting and keeps this game from being a boring slog ""Point A to Point B"" with some zombie-smacking in between.What I continue to love most about this game is how it's multi-genre'd. After a few hours of play, by day, you'll be a powerhouse with weapons that will be able to one-shot the standard zombies (If you aim properly). Daytime is scavenging/questing time.But by night, it becomes a prolonged stealth mission. Double experience gain, a few quests that can ONLY be done at night, and enemies that will destroy you regardless of levels and weapon statistics, if you allow yourself to be 'alerted' for too long. Every night is absolutely intense and it's just great fun.Add to the fact that once you encounter ""Bolters"", enemies that will literally flee at the sight of you, hunting them is like an assassination mission as you can only kill them by sneaking up behind them. You could shoot them, too, but have fun with its four Volatile buddies that like to hang out.So what's keeping me on this game is the variance it offers. Traversing the land is fun, slaughting zombies en masse is great, and sneaking around at night is an intense and great experience.I've been recommending this to most of my friends."
,Recommended,239140,32459486,Posted: 15 June,all,Asperyules,"Cigarettes, cigarettes everywhere !Yep, that's Turkey alright."
,Recommended,239140,14289902,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,FazB,Would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys killing zombies/ and or doing parkour in video games.I personally enjoy both so this game is way up there for me.better than any 2014 title that comes to mind already.
,Recommended,239140,14380495,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,pfury,"Dangerous zombies?   Check.Scary moments?          Check.Great graphics?           Check.Good main story?        Check.Tons of side quests?   Check.Tons of weapons?       Check.Firearms?                     Check.Dying Light is pure fun for everyone who loves zombie games!Best zombie game.. period!Another example internet ""professionals"" (arsseholes) scored the great game way too low, for no reason at all. But Dragon Age with thier 500 cow escort missions is a GOTY? FO!"
,Recommended,239140,14375918,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Seduction,"In all honesty, this is the best game I've ever played. There's so much to do in this game. Dropkick, side-quests, main-story,   level up, upgrade weapons, do zombie-hunter mode, walk around and just plain kill stuff, and much much more!  This game has a large reply value and it makes it even more fun if you play with friends! Techland is working on modding-tools for this game so soon we'll even be seeing mods at the level of games like Skyrim and Oblivion! This game contains so much and the mods that soon will come will make it, in my opinion, the greatest game this year.If you haven't gotten it already, do it now. You won't regret getting this wonderful game."
,Recommended,239140,14418702,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sir Assassin st.,This is very good game
76561198208262184,Recommended,239140,30849554,Posted: 31 March,all,chill,"Jesus Christ $23.99?TL;DR  buy it, you won't see it again at this price or even half"
,Recommended,239140,14335615,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Htimez2,This is one of those must own games.
76561198011965365,Recommended,239140,26576803,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"This is what dead Islan shouldve been!The games narrative is merely a device to get you into the real gameplay, not much context, but enough to get you going This is where it shines, Dying Light provides immense opportunities to forge grand weapons and claim ultimate power over the zombies. The early game of running away with sparse combat later turns into a ""revenge"" upon them for all of those med kits the used up earlier. Additionally the parkour is fun, while also being a bit nauseating at first, becomes a pleasure later."
,Recommended,239140,14201216,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sabre,"Only 3 hours in the game and It's made me happy I bought it and not regretting it.It's a VERY pretty game with extremely fluid Parkour, good combat, and zombies for DAYS! I played it with a good friend and a new friend. Running around a city jumping from favela buildings to cars and back, throwing ninja stars or molotovs or flat out drop kicking people like you're Daniel Bryan.Although I'd imagine the game would be less fulfilling if you play through on your own as a large part of the fun is to do things with your friends, even if it's silly like kicking zombies into spikes and laughing at the ragdol positions when they're stuck in"
76561198068679178,Recommended,239140,14199043,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,A DwagonFX,"Amazing game with awesome story-line, fun to play with friends and always something to do. really recommend this."
,Recommended,239140,23844099,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,boski,I hated dead island when it launched. Infact I played 20 minutes and took it back to the store for a refund I was that disappointed in it.. but this.. my god is it amazing! I love this game!
76561198207120012,Recommended,239140,25498338,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Dominus,"a bit predictable main storyline but a fun gameplayDLC is based on the car only. I liked sprinting through rooftops better, still good extra hours to play."
,Recommended,239140,14712108,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Evan,"This is short and to the point.This is the only game in which I can apply fire and electricty to a khkuri knife and then upgrade it to slash and stab and kill zombies over and over again untill it breaks, and then take out my shortsword as i panic my way out of the mess I landed in.Only negative is my old dell can't take it THAT well so I have bursts of low fps every lil while, but its ok.Also, I really wish the ""Ultimate Survivor Pack"" would come out on March 1st instead of March 10th."
76561198131733393,Recommended,239140,16708164,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,A beautiful game with Arab People !
,Recommended,239140,14321666,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,compliKATIEd,the floor is lava
,Recommended,239140,16614573,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,name,"best fu***ng game ever, dying light 2 praise jesus"
,Recommended,239140,19640456,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,I'm a Shinobi brah,"This is a great game. How often have I not decided to go do this quest a few hours before sundown thinking ""plenty of time"" only on the way to the objective I stumble on some other stuff to do, like this dude that wants help retrieving his fishing rod or something. *Looks at sun* ""sure I can do that, plenty of time still"". Then only 5 minutes before night, I complete the mission and reallize how close to evil night I am. Frantically begin sprinting and parkouring for the nearest safehouse. On the way I find a police van practically unguarded! Knowing how good the loot can get in these police vans I just gotta open it and get the goodies. After all it could be rifle ammo, or a new shiny weapon! Im usually not more than a minute or so picking the lock. Done looting, but oh ♥♥♥♥! it's almost 20:00, my watch is beeping, night is coming now! A few hundred yeards from the safehouse still it's too late, monsters emerges and I need to slow down and try to stealth my way back. Jumping over a fence I dump down practically in front of a dreaded volatile. Knowing it can rip me to shreds in seconds I flash my ultra violet lamp in it's general direction and decide to beeline straight for the safehouse. Several horrible grows tearing the silence behind me and action music fills my veins with adrenaline as I sprint for my life. From the growls I gather that several volatiles have joined in the hunt. Jumping down into a shallow wide crevice with a cracked concret pipe running in the middle I quickly slip into the pipe and crouch down in the corner hoping no one saw me go in. The monsters are shambling around on the outside with the distinct sound of them breathing. Sounds like air being sucked through shredded meat. But I think they don't know where I am. Then glorious ""pursuit evaded"" message appears. Phew. I now pay attention to the search cones on the minimap and successfully sneaks back to the tower."
,Recommended,239140,20282969,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Miporin,"The concept is good. The gameplay is good, but there are several extremely lacking, and boring design-choices. I still recommend it, but not at full price, and not for vanilla gameplay. Here's my opinion. (it should be spoiler-free)The game leans too much on the Casual gamers. The MC becomes more or less SUPER-HUMAN quite early to the point that the gameplay becomes boring as you can either flatten everything in your sight or outrun every possible threats.During the day, normal enemies post little to no threat, too little in numbers with their minimum aggressiveness, and stupid AI. There are several special enemies, but they are not really a threat, as most of the time, you can easily spot them from further away without provoking them, as you won't find much 'distraction' from other normals.Night can be overwhelming at first, but after a few hours, you will find that it is quite easy. You can't really die unless you clash right into enemies, or run in long flat route.You will notice many inconsistencies during the game, making it feels like the developer changes some of their design-choices midway, but forget to make it consistent through the whole thing. (they did)Hard Mode is still lacking the difficulty it deserved, still, a nice addition for vanilla.COOP gameplay is a joke. The game puts 4 SUPER-HUMANS together, making the game much easier, and lost its charm quickly, as 4 of you slaughtering (bullying) through the hordes of 'punching bag-style' enemies.However, there are difficulty MODS that will change that, and make the game fun to play, especially with friends. It can be a little glitchy at times, but it won't stop you from playing.TL;DR The game is good, but can be easy, and boring fast as a result from design-choices. Get some difficulty mods, and friends to play with ;D"
,Recommended,239140,31148394,Posted: 14 April,all,Hubblober,"I'm looking for games to play and I saw this game.I remeber a time when someone told me ""Hey dud check this game out, it's rad cool!""So, I look at price for game, its on sale.So I'm like, oeuveroinveiornvioenrvionrI look at my money... $0.12Im very disapointedI go to gas station while buying pack of gumI go buy steam card, and gum, and put money in my account.The gum was good.I buy game.I play gameI really like game.I really really like game..."
,Recommended,239140,14320454,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Johnnyonoes,This is the first full price game in years that has delivered a full price experience.
,Recommended,239140,14261648,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Stemot,"As a massive fan of the original Dead Island I was surprised at my lack of hype of Dying Light which may have something to do with me not clicking with Riptide. After spending 8 hours in Dying Light I can say this should have been Dead Island 2. so far I've only completed 15% of the main story because I keep losing myself in the games sidequests which, after the first 3 hours of painstaking tutorial missions, come thick and fast and each has been interesting enough to make me do them first. Mixing the combat of Dead Island with a parkour mechanic for getting to higher ground faster, Dying Light feels more dynamic in every way, especially during the night missions (night isn't scripted but an actual cycle) when the machanics change stealth style as you face the volatiles, Zombies that can run as fast as you and can take you down in seconds. The visuals are gorgeous at max settings although the best settings come at a very high performance cost so your going to need something beefy to run it at those settings.Dying Light jis easily one the best zombie games available and in my opinion beats my previous favourite; Dead Island.EDIT: 23 hours in and still in the first map. This game has a shedload of interesting content to do away from the main missions.The ollowing Update: Just a small note on the Paid DLC that was released as part of the Enhanced Edition update. This DLC is massive, adding in new quests over a whole new map that is easily as good as the content in the main game. You are given a buggy ala Half Life 2 to upgrade and repair along with new weapons. If you liked the main game then this is unmissable."
,Recommended,239140,25561312,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Big Boy,">random event>gonna go check that out for that sweet xp>one guy getting double teamed>too lazy to help, sit by and watch as he does it fine alone>when he finishes, he gives me a king weapon mod>takes it and blows him up with DIY grenades10/10Gameplay is great and so are graphics, story isn't too good tho. Would recommend"
,Recommended,239140,14254199,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tai Lopez,"6 hours into this game, and so far I'm in love. It's like what Dead Island was supposed to be, WITH Mirrors Edge. Crazy combat scenarios, very grasping story, and the parkour is just awesome!First time outside at night, heard a scream, then got mauled by volatiled after falling through a wooden roof.10/10 would get mauled again."
,Recommended,239140,30005827,Posted: 18 February,all,TeeGeee #Dizomania,"Cam multe jocuri am terminat in ultima perioada :))Dying Light Review !PRO- Poveste jocului- Soundtrack-ul- Grafica- Gameplay-ul ( Iti poti crafta armele, sa le upgradezi, sa cauti resurse sa le duci in baza )- Parkour-ul- Side-quest ( Evident dupa ce ai terminat jocul , poti sa continui faci cele 44 de side-questuri. Aceste side-questuri au legatura cu povestea in sine , deci ar fi bine sa nu faci aceste questuri fix cand terminati jocul )- Limitarea armelor- Rick Grimes ( sa-ti pui organe de zombie pe tine ca sa nu te urmareasca zombie )- Challenge ( O sa gasiti tot felul de personaje care va provoaca la diferite concursuri  )CONTRA- Optimizarea lasa de dorit- Coop-ul la aceast joc lasa de dorit- Modul multiplayerConcluzieMerita sa va jucati acest joc . Aveti o gramada de facut in acest joc , de la misiuni principale la cele secundare plus challenge-uri si alte chestii de explorat .Un lucru important este ca puteti descarca devkit-ul pentru acest joc. Deci cand nu mai aveti ce face in Dying Light puteti sa descarca devkit-ul si puteti sa va faceti propia harta si dupa sa o postati pe workshop.Sau la randul vostru sa descarcati harti facute de comunitate si sa va jucati.Acum astept sa joc acel expansion The Following. Sa speram ca o sa continuie povestea care si asa s-a terminat in copac.Nota finala 8. Si un review la Dying Light The Following Expansion va urma in zilele urmatoare !"
76561198055114794,Recommended,239140,28385772,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,schuler,"dont mess with the demo,,,,, buy the game. you wont regreat it !!!"
,Recommended,239140,14255386,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Shrapnel Effect,"Not joking here or looking to impress, i have played 21 hours just doing side quests and random run. i am addicted to this game it is the best thing i have played since Shadow of Mordor! from the gameplay (fighting, parkor) to the what you can get up to and what the zombies do like crawling from under cars (sounds like nothing but its a great touch) i could go on about the fights u get into with bandits or the bandits vs zombies its seriously a epic game and the low reviews are beyond meThe night time is scary too haha!with games like witcher 3, Batman arkham knight and Metal Gear solid: Phantom pain coming dying light wont get game of the year but for me its already going to be in my games of the year list! a must own for zombie game fans"
76561198168189859,Recommended,239140,21114560,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Evanthebeast77,This is the best game ive seen
,Recommended,239140,14383974,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,kaakao,"UPDATED REVIEW:It's alright, improved Dead Island.80/100"
,Not Recommended,239140,29158317,Posted: 10 January,all,ActionPoohole,"Many of the negative reviews don't give praise to positive aspects of the game. I will try to remain unbiased in how I review this to give a more accurate look at the game. Please read on! :)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL:DR:Potentially a very enjoyable game, but this game suffers from balancing issues which one can simply rectify by using cheap methods to take down harder/faster enemies, rendering certain abilities you choose as trivial. EG: Enemies too fast to hit with flying kicks? Just climb up high! When they try to follow you just kick them off till they break their skull.Fighting early game humans on hard mode is like trying to kill a boxing bag. They are over 4 times stronger than you in terms of health pool and damage, which is not the way to increase difficulty. So... Just fling throwing stars and lob molotovs instead. Maybe fun for some people, but not for me... This entirely opposes my character's close combat build.The story is decent so far, but a little hollow. Game is focused hugely around close combat with balance issues being rampant within it. Haven't seen guns in the first 15 or so hours which is neither here nor there.Parkour, however, is a highlight of this game! Allowing you to traverse the town quickly and vertically.Graphics are good, but not cutting edge. The detail in some textures and assets is pretty poor, but in others it's more detailed. Meaning they focused on some areas and neglected others.You can craft various items such as molotovs, throwing stars, weapon modifications, medkits, drugs and a whole load more.Overall, it's okay if played to their janky formula.Dying Light isn't a broken game... But it certainly feels like a soon to be released ""Early Access"" title. It is in ""Dying"" need of some final balancing and polish.It definitely feels like they put a good team to the task in order to design the game overall, but the issues mentioned bring it down a notch that stops this from feeling like a true Triple A title.6/10 - Okay game, but far too unpolished to be worth the current asking price of $59.99 (Wait till a sale!)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Okay, a little more detail now...This game starts off as a really fun Zombie, RPG, FPS, Horror Survival and what not...Zombies from the beginning are a challenge and you must build your character with the initially available 3 trees.(Power, Agility and Survivor)I spent my time making my character have improved fortitude, harder close combat hits and flying jumps, slide kicks to break legs etc... This made light work of the basic zombies in most cases... But then...Apparently humans have legs made of Titanium and can take 10 modified hammer smashes to the head. But then they take out 1/5 to a quarter of my HP in one hit.Then you encounter the faster zombies that run, climb and chase after you relentlessly. Getting into close combat with them is fairly difficult because sometimes they will stand still and wait for you to attack. You attempt to slide kick into their legs and even steer towards them, but they somehow dodge it and smack you as you try to recover. This is fine if they are meant to be relentless and difficult, but they do huge damage. So instead of using all these abilities on them which basically miss due to the erratically fast movement they possess, I instead revert to climbing up a building and kicking them off multiple times until they land on their head and crack their skull open. Doing this I will basically take zero damage and can kill many of them chasing me at the same time.I'm entirely fine with the game being difficult, but the movement is somewhat cumbersome when doing jumps and kicks etc..Parkour is easy to do and it's something I'm very used to being a Quake3 Quake Live etc Veteran. That aspect of the game is fun...There is just a hugely apparent lack of balance early game and it seems like you will probably have to grind to the craphouse to be useful against humans... OR just revert to using molotovs and throwing stars. Getting into combat with them close up is a sure fire way to either lose most of your HP or just die trying.My friend is fairly new to games like this and we play together.. She just stands back and flings throwing stars at their heads while they seem to remain unable to climb up to where we are... Eventually they will die, but you have to waste all ur stars and molotovs on them to succeed.I'm no noob to games, so I know the way around it, but due to the fact that my character is engineered for close combat and that it's a story mission to kill 5 men in a yard surrounded by barbed wire I find it entirely uninteresting to be forced to use ridiculous methods such as burning them to death from a distance.That to me is just anti-fun.I love certain aspects of this game and I thought I would play this to the end, but today I feel like the janky combat mechanics are both a blessing and a curse for the game due to ridiculous unbalanced early game difficulty.Normal mode is far too easy, but hard and beyond are unbalanced and require far too much preparation and range attacks that it makes customizing your character for close combat fairly useless.At times the skill trees are brokenly strong, but against other opponents they are terribly weak.It seems that you can't really play how you want, even though the game promotes custom builds.Also, crouch toggle has to be on otherwise slide kicks and etc just don't function correctly.Game can be great if you play a certain way, but if you don't you're not going to enjoy it... Maybe later that changes, I don't know... But i'm not interested in pummelling humans for days just because they want to make it more difficult.HP stacking isn't the way to make a game a better challenge. This game is entirely unbalanced at early levels that it ruins the immersion.I want this game to be dangerous like it is... I want it to punish me, but I don't want it to punish me for choosing a certain skill tree to focus into.My friend can just stand on the roof and lob stuff at them and it's effective against almost everything.I can run around and slaughter standard zombies like they're nothing, but most other situations make my character seem munted.I may or may not come back to the game. It requires a lot of patience to play correctly. It does seem like a great game in various different ways and I do believe that you will probably enjoy it if you work your character correctly. I thought I was going to be a close combat powerhouse character, but it turns out.. Not so much.If you're okay with unbalanced mechanics that perhaps might smooth out as you progress through the game then I recommend this game on sale with at least 50-75% off. But I cannot recommend this at full price. Content wise I believe that it delivers $60 worth, but mechanics wise there is a LOT of room for improvement.I want the game to be hard where it makes sense, and it doesn't. No human ever in a supposed realistic zombie world is going to take 10 hammer hits to the head and multiple slide kicks to the legs which are designed to break zombies legs. It's fiddly enough to do the kick and get it to hit a fast moving target, but when you feel like you're kicking a floppy telegraph pole around for days, that just kills it for me.Probably one of the better zombie survival games out there, but the gore quality is mediocre, the map is fairly uninteresting in design so far.It's fun, it's just... Not that fun. They need to work on balancing the difficulty levels out and also balancing out aspects of each difficulty.I do believe that some people playing in an entirely different way to me may enjoy an entirely different experience!I'm not here for random masochistic moments and cakewalks the next.Hope this helps you decide your purchase!"
,Recommended,239140,14200665,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,oceans,"This game is way more than I expected. It is a LOT of fun. I played for around 5 hours with my friend today and we had a blast ! :) Graphics are stunning, gameplay is really good, interesting story & amazing combat system !Only bad thing which doesn't really apply to me is the fact that the game is pretty hard to run. I get around 50 to 70 fps with a gtx 970 4gb and sometimes can dip to 40. Do not buy this game if you're running a card under the 780 series imo.And also the day/night cycle isn't bound to the quests at all ! At least that's what I noticed.*updateafter the patch was released my frames went up a lot ! a 760 to a 770 should do the job"
,Recommended,239140,14190450,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sledge,"So here is what I have to say after a night with much less sleep than I should have got.Dying Light is going to get compaired to Techland's previous title Dead Island a lot. And it is fair that it is, because a lot of thing, big and small, feel so similar to it. However, don't let that part put you off. Really. Don't.In Dead Island, much of the combat felt like a bunch of little one on ones, with no real interaction with ""the mob"". In this, there seems to be so much more fluid combat to the game, send one zombie flying into about 6 others, and get the one that is still standing while the others on the floor figure out what the heck happened.While it feels like I don't have the reach I would think I do, the free running feels great. It may be quite easy to fall off a pipe you run on, at least at first. After a bit, you will have the motions down a bit more like second nature.In summary, what I am saying is this is five times better than what Dead Island was.Just... know it is a little intensive on the graphics if you want to crank it all up, espeially with mid range gaming rigs."
76561198193594177,Recommended,239140,30365757,Posted: 6 March,all,Lemon,This game is just ...well more than incredible i really enjoyed the story and the overall gameplay. JUST freerun every in a zombie apocalypse. Dead island was kindof a hack and slash game as where dying light was a cool zombie horror experience. With its realistc  effects and the enviroment was just beutiful . open world zombie outbreak. just awseome . another thing is how in one dying light review they said how you can be like an assasin creed like character in a zombie game. You get find cool weapons get guns and ammo and like food water and medicine really adds on thank you so much techland.
,Recommended,239140,30378420,Posted: 7 March,all,'Elowen,Killing zombies is and always will be fun. c:
76561198007412195,Recommended,239140,14599497,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Small but Slow,"This game is fantastic.  It is by far one of the best games ever.  It has something for just about everyone.  The parkour movement that was made into this game is fantastic.  No more 2ft high gate blocking your way like in old first person games.  This really is a ""new"" style of game.  Good length for the game too.  Lots of optional side quests and challanges to side trak you if you so choose.  Only things I didn't like about the whole game where the grappling hook because it took the game from being very realistic in it's movement and made it into a super-hero style video game and the end where you can play co-op through the whole game up until the last quest where it has to be completed in single player only and quite frankly kind of ""bummers"" the whole co-op thing.  Still, one of the BEST games I have ever played and well worth the money."
76561198177349041,Recommended,239140,21384453,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,rioken_325,"The following DLC is bomb♥♥♥♥♥ Super intense storyline, with new elements added to the game."
76561198170017353,Recommended,239140,14896249,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Apex,Best fps horror game to date!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,17133013,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,zose,best zombie game ive ever played
,Recommended,239140,17728892,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,TheInaudibleGamer,I just love smashing all of the zombie's heads in xD11/10 best gore system everwould smash and cut a zombie in half again any day!
,Recommended,239140,14453290,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bruno,good graghics good combat sounds like a gooden
,Recommended,239140,28167314,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BCole,"Love this game, especially the dlc. Melee is amazing, Gunplay is ok. Story is kind of short for my liking but it was still good"
76561198115739077,Recommended,239140,19028266,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Gumbel,"This is my personal experience with this game.Pros- The gameplay, gore, and combat is satisfying- Graphics are pretty good- Lots of freedom to explore two different maps- Fight or flight is not discouraged- HELLO - CO-OP STORY MODE- Cool weapon customization and modification system- Big variety in melee weaponsCons- Lots of glitches and bugs- The characters are so boring and forgettable- Crane (protagonist) has the personality of a wet sponge with no concrete backstory or exceptional traits that make him stand out- Jade (deuteragonist-ish) is also kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥to you the whole game until near the end- Lots of gameplay elements borrowed from other games- The parkour is trying to recreate Mirrors Edge but sadly fails in a sense with the clunky and flawed parkour system- Once the grappling hook is unlocked for you to use, it kinda defeats the purpose of parkour- Not many missions for those who crave a long and deep story experience- Only a short selection of firearm weapons-The last boss is defeated by a ♥♥♥♥ing quicktime event.In conclusion, I like Dying Light and I would recommend it to others out there who want a fun, open-world, zombie, parkour game."
,Recommended,239140,18174899,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MtrSkllz,"Platinum'd this game on PS4 when it came out.Just picked it up again to play with friends and i am really excited.Best Co-op game i have ever played, and i really wish other developers would take notes."
,Recommended,239140,21956368,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Temē,Dead Island + parkour = I'm lovin' it ❤
,Recommended,239140,14802270,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Spud,Its Dead Island but soooo much better...
,Recommended,239140,14270480,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,codyaj1995,Works on linux! With AMD GPU and CPU!
76561198028942908,Recommended,239140,14197319,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Raziel,"Really enjoyable! This game blends essentially in my mind, Techlands former game Dead Island with Mirror's Edge. Hardcore parkour!!! During the day, you're a silent predator, preying upon the weakness that is the atypical zombie in the modern 2010s, drooling all over oneself, searching aimlessly for ones own missing limbs, the usual... By night, psychotic uber zombies doing their best to penetrate zombie stereotypes of the 21st century do their best to chase and scare with the speed of what I can only describe as, a cheetah... Definitely humbling when you make the mistake of letting a couple of them get on your trail, at least in the early game!Overall, the game has some minor bugs and flaws... Bugs I experienced was an audio glitch when the multiplayer VoIP was turned on, and one crash after 12 hrs of gameplay. Not too shabby in that dept.You'll notice the story line, some voice acting, and in general some mission dialogue is a bit wonky and just... Meh. But it isn't too bad. If you have played Dead Island, you have some idea of what to expect. It isn't a wide departure from that game as far as story progression and immersion elements go, but that isn't what it's here to do.Overall, its a great exercise in FUN gameplay mechanics built around a day/night zombie idea that just seems to work pretty well. Overall, I rate the game well, and encourage people who enjoy a B movie take on zombies with grade A fun in gameplay to give it a shot!4/5 zombies recommend this."
,Recommended,239140,15589742,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Yeti,"I have been waiting for this game for a while, i bought a new PC to meet the specs $978. The game is fun and adds a new level to games everywhere, but im warning you that you wont touch it after a month. I HIGHLY RECOOMEND though!"
,Recommended,239140,14478948,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,STRANGER,Скажу кратко. Игра на высоте.
76561198132083399,Recommended,239140,14904857,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Aiden.,an Amazing game to play solo or with your friends the graphics are great and the story is awesome highly reccomend this game to any who like the zombie and any one who likes a good story to.
76561198061082723,Recommended,239140,27224868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zemphius,They made this game one of the best co-op experiences I've ever had.
,Recommended,239140,14286638,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Pleasurewizard,The only thing that would substantially improve this game is if Jon H. Benjamin voiced the player character.
,Recommended,239140,14307579,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Secret,This game is a truely intense game and in my opinion the BEST zombie game our there to date. Buy this game and enjoy it to the fullest with you're friends!
,Recommended,239140,14717948,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jack The Stripper,because game
,Recommended,239140,28767279,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Commander Shepard,"Horror and zombie survial, awesome!"
,Recommended,239140,18165458,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,Game feel great even now the free running (one's you lvl up) sarts to feel really smooth.
,Recommended,239140,14214591,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jelly,"Let me just say, I wasn't expecting much out of this game to be quite honest, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The graphics are beautiful, for one thing.  Another thing I enjoy is that in this game--unlike most other zombie games--you don't start out this game immediately able to kill every zombie with ease, no, you are given crappy weapons that break quickly.  You do your best to avoid combat rather than bullrushing in and killing everything in sight.  At night is a complete different story, you run for your life to get to a safe house.  Night is when the spooky zombies come out to play.  You don't even have a tiny little speck of survival at night, either get to high ground or become zombie food.  I also enjoy the parkour in this game.  Your character can't jump super far either, so it's not like ""I can make that jump"", you MIGHT make that jump.  The AI in this game are kind of condescending, but that's to be expected.  They believe that you are ignorant to the current situation in Harran, so it makes sense that they explain certain things in detail.One thing, idk if this is a bug or something with my pc itself, but every time I enter a cutscene at night time, the video just freezes for a solid 10 seconds or so.  The audio is fine, but the video is the problem.  If it's a bug, I hope it gets fixed because it's not too pleasant having that happen.Edit: I forgot to add my specs, they areZotac GeForce GTX 970i5 Quad Core 4690K8 gb RAMEdit 2: Now any cutscene or time that a zombie grabs me my game freezes.All in all, this is quite a good game.  If you enjoyed (yes I'm going to say it) Dead Island, then you'll enjoy this game."
76561198101023982,Recommended,239140,21329236,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grtsome,"Androxma...... Next time you have money, think of this game before you waste it at the Nike store!lol thanks Androxma"
,Recommended,239140,14234757,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DMStewart,"Well, its hands-down one of the best games Ive ever played. Will provide a full review later. Not sorry at all for paying $60 (and I hardly ever buy games at full price)1/31/15: Full ReviewF$%&in Kick♥♥♥♥♥game!!Downside, it runs like crap on PC. It will obviously need patches to be fixed. Right now its set to run on a single cpu core and its very CPU intensive. What genius thought this was a good idea should be fired. So, even though I have an extremely high end rig, the game runs like Im running it on a 5 year-old budget Dell laptop.-Fin"
76561197975063451,Recommended,239140,20593092,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Inner Frei,"I bought this game only because my friends wanted to play something coop with zombies. Let me tell you this game surprised me way more then I expected. It is so good, so well built. I fell like I'm in the movie ""I Am Legend"" all the time. The night is scary but the most important thing is the coop element: at first I didn't wanted to buy it cause I knew you play as a single carachter even in coop...but now I'm here to tell you that I was completely wrong. Immersion in this game is complete, the cutscenes are really good and you never feel out of the game cause of the coop. I like the melee weapons a lot, I like that you find almost no rifles and guns at the start of the game, I like the city, I like the night.The light at night...good god I love it! It is SO DARK when the moon is covered by clouds.The game is also well optimized cause the lowest settings will guarantee a GREAT graphic experience (45+ fps on a ATI 7850 i3 3220).If you like zombies games and/or first-person games with parkour and melee combat elements in it GO BUY THIS GAME!Only 1 complain: the sky texture could be better."
,Recommended,239140,17276476,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Warp,"I've had fun with this game just like dead island, the only problem i have with it is that it can get repetitive leading to me throwing my weapons often times just to make a bit of fun, there is a problem with throwing your weapons however, they every now and then teleport really high or into the ground becoming irretrievable. The parkour is done well, its all pretty basic so its not like its going to blow your mind or anything. Overall an OK experience."
76561198043541553,Recommended,239140,23807289,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sp00n66,I like very much gooodgame
76561198121012655,Recommended,239140,15878024,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Primarch Fulgrim,love It
76561197964214568,Recommended,239140,14242948,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pit00r,"It is Assassins Creed with Zombies. The game itself is great, it is a new attempt to the zombie genre. The story is good, not great but good. You drop in as a soldier to eliminate a guy, yet you don't have the stamina to hit three zombies in a row - kind of makes you wonder what kind of soldier they have sent in. You can't barely scavange real weapons in the beginning, that might be okay so you learn how to proper climb, close combat etc. Still I would appreciate if I can choose what to use. The game basically forces you to play on so you can get really strong and get really good weapons. It does actually missing a little bit the part of a run around slaying zombies. I went to the hardware store, got myself a shovel aimed for the head and it still needed like three attempts, I don't think there is a skill to hit a slow zombie with a shovel on a one meter distance. The night is pretty scary, if you do a run, you need to be focused - I like that, it is a challange comapred to the daylight activity. Over all I like it, I would not give it a too high score since you can't really go on slaying  and dismembering from the beginning and you start of as a bootcamp soldier that through whatever events has been sent into the city as an assassin with no endurance or close combat skills. I will probably take you 20+ hours to realy start enjoying the game, yet not something if you just look for a open world zombie slaying."
,Recommended,239140,14668651,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Skela,*first time playing*stays out too long*night hunter joins*gets booty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*night hunter becomes my dying light friend10/10 would get booty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,239140,14818010,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,желание,Made a flying hazmat hit a biter and they both went off the roof into an explosive barrel and killed 20 more zombiesToo much water 7/10 IGN
76561198027520841,Recommended,239140,14282163,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,-=uncle=-,"What an epic zombie game, 2 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,239140,20833392,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Cherry_Nuts,"I have played many other different zombie infected games and this is one of the best.  I like the play-style.  It kind of reminded me of Assassins Creed III.  The only thing I find annoying is ""I want to make my OWN choices"".  Yeah, I said it, I would like it better if it was more like ""make your own ending"" or ""make your own story"".  Don't get me wrong, the game is great.  I like Crane.  He is awesome because I'm awesome."
76561198252344406,Recommended,239140,18980183,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,VanterSlash,great game
,Recommended,239140,14927673,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,old_computer,"Hands down the best zombie survival FPS / open world I've ever played. It's expensive but worth every 0.01 cent IMO.- Free running  / parkour system is flawless and I hate saying 'Parkour'.- Day / Night clock adds so much depth to the game.- Story isn't horrible and co-operative game play takes this to the next level.- Going out at night NEVER GETS OLD - Scares me every freaking time!- Yeah, it's a zombie game but hey, it's not another military shooter...- Awesome easter eggs and side missions means this game will keep you busy for as long as possible.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14815681,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hutch,"With all the zombie madness going on over the past few years, Dying Light is really a welcome change of pace. Main story is written fairly well, and the game play and combat is really solid. Definitely a recommended pickup, especially with some free DLC coming March 10th."
,Recommended,239140,18977650,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Doby Photoshop,I could spend so much more time running around killing zombies it is a great game to jump in for a little bit and goof off
76561198027326357,Recommended,239140,18915371,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tony Tyrant,"Great atmosphere.  You never feel overpowered in this game.  That's what I like about it.... you always feel like you could die at any wrong turn, or any rash decision... yet you always feel confident enough to get through the mission.  A nice balance.  Did I mention the great atmosphere?"
76561198011304006,Recommended,239140,18993556,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mikey,"Solid game with a good single player experience, even though I didn't care about the story none the less still a great game. Coop, and multiplayer servers have been dead for a long time just like Advanced Warfare, so if you don't care about that then get this game."
,Recommended,239140,19219926,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,SnydeN,Great game! I love the story!
76561198160750827,Recommended,239140,20060714,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Turckey1,good game
76561198067088392,Recommended,239140,16879461,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,Better the most zombie games! 10/10
76561198155919407,Recommended,239140,28700809,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RayTheTree,park or and zom bees
76561198060698440,Recommended,239140,24102636,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LoneKnight221,"I didn't think I would enjoy this game but a friend said it was fun, so i got it on the summer sale with all the DLC for it. This game is all I have played even though I got a few other things on sale.....forgot what I was even playing last. In sum....It's a better version of Dead Island mased together with Farcry and a 1st person Assassins creed, and it looks amazing!"
76561198071682096,Recommended,239140,20711823,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,forklift driver,your mum
,Recommended,239140,21089429,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Cauxi,Ran from a zambies until I was strong enought to kill 'em simulator 2k16
,Recommended,239140,19319054,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,A Difficult to Pronounce Name,You get XP for jumping!11/10
76561198127705158,Recommended,239140,29101952,Posted: 7 January,all,Uncle Moe Lester,9.5/10no big smoke
76561198122462233,Recommended,239140,19224817,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,VAPEoreon,"After playing this game I think that every game must have a parkour mechanic like this. And game is good at other stuffs like graphics, story, gameplay, etc. GO BUY İT!!!"
,Recommended,239140,19558492,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,microtonka,"Hands down best zombie game ever, plus this game has side quests that are unique and non repetitive and most fun to play, do not think about it and buy it NOW!9.0/10"
76561198059458525,Recommended,239140,14467064,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Alex123rocks,"Lol this game is the bomb, the parkcoure physics are so real and its sooooo fun if u love running and jumping and dominating zombies, its like a mix of borderlands,gta,battlefield,etc.69/10 I liek it, iz good"
,Recommended,239140,16108940,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,teh augmenter,"I jumped over one zombie, and landed on another with a wrench smashing their skull.Felt like Mario for a second there.10/10"
76561198041899873,Recommended,239140,27587126,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,IceBear Bot,10/10 Would be Volatile again
,Recommended,239140,15291416,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,3lRo0n,Best game I ever played!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,18266239,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,JVCaires,"Como a algum tempo não se via um jogo que conseguia misturar mais de 2 elementos entre o segmento de Zombies, Survival, RPG e Parkour são cuidadosamente elaborados criando uma atmosfera que completa o feeling visto em Dead Island. Bugs existem mas são irrelevantes.Destaca-se:-Interatividade com o Mapa-Co-Op-Diversidade de Eventos-DLC's (Vale o Season Pass)"
76561197970369393,Recommended,239140,18344635,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ænima,"Waited to buy this game.......A friend said it wasn't worth the full asking price .So I waited till it was half price..I have to say there is nothing more rewrding than free running and drop kicking a zombie off a roof to see how far he goes. This game is well worth it, its actually to me for the fun I have had worth double the original retail price I LOVE IT"
76561198076539743,Recommended,239140,18387148,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,123,"Best zombie game I've ever played.  Think GTA quality open world/graphics, integrated co-op story, an actual varying and engaging combat system (you don't just spam one attack), and despite a lack of vehicles you can operate (though I hear that is on the way) the parkour movement system is about as fun as cruising around in your favorite supercar in GTA.  Just don't try to stay outside at night until you know what you are doing :)"
76561198064261646,Recommended,239140,15427454,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Superinfected,You haven't played this until you dropkick a zombie off a roof.
,Recommended,239140,18242657,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jubez,"Awesome,  i have to say getting chased in this game scared the hell out of me i loved it.  Remember dont look back even though there is a button for it (Y on xboxone control).  Unfortunately im too big a wuss to stay up at night in game and play this (irl or ingame).I do feel that the night is kind of one sided.  Probably intentional especially at the start of the game.  I havent felt like i've explored the game fully like other open world games.  as my lack of skills/cohonas prevents me from even approaching heavily populated areas.Remember sometimes you will die just learn from it.  A great experience worth your time and money.  Havent even tried the mp yet."
76561198077671104,Recommended,239140,24008296,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rubber toe,Best zombie game out there
,Recommended,239140,17677076,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,[N_S-O]CrusaderClark,"The best Zombie openworld game i have played in a long long time, 9/10 overall..... A must buy if you like killing Zombies and saving people."
,Recommended,239140,14201986,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TROLLMES,First Person Assassin's Creed Simulator with zombie and crafting mods. --- 10/10 would jump from top of the towers again.
76561198083778069,Recommended,239140,15156945,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The Law,"Countless hours of fun! After some time is put into character development the fun meter just keeps rising. Are you a slaughter monster? This game caters to you. Very satisfying zombie bashing combat abilities that are devastating and gory. You more the scout type, play it realistic? There is room for you in Dying Light as well! This game has something I really like, a majority of the enemies are CLASSIC zombies! The move like you would expect and only special types can book it after you. Even before you unlock the plethora of wickid Parkour (Agility) abilities you are able to move around, over, and through the swarms of deadies with relative ease. It is really really enjoyable to run through crowds of shambling zombies, turning and sidestepping like a dance as zeds reach for you and miss as you cut through the crowd like butter. And as even better feeling is reaching your hands into a freshly killed zombie and smear their guts all over your face and body and just moving WITH the hordes. Anyway you look at it there is something for every zombie fan, as well as most action/adventure fans as well! PLENTY of thrilling moments backed up with a solid and cool storyline. Tons of weapons and collectibles. Great crafting system. Well balanced levelling system. And many many side quests. Not to mention playing with even ONE friend in cooperative mode completely changes the game. Going out in groups is almost cathartic! You basically feel like you can handle anything slow and steady whether you are luring enemies, setting traps, or just aiming high with sweet melee weapons from flanking positions, attacks from both sides, or just classic kick*** back to back slaughterfest. I personally suggest everyone try modding a sledgehammer for impact and watch as your dead foes go sailing out of the park! Basically, there are many many ways to play and enjoy the aspects of this game from the movement (my favorite part) to the fighting, to the moral dilemmas. A real treat for anyone who it runs smoothly for. I was lucky to not have been affected by a lot of the initial bugs and optimization."
76561198120675966,Recommended,239140,18206682,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,PornHub,Fantastic!  I was a huge fan of Dead Island and this is way better! Interesting story.  Whole lot of fetch quests that can get a tad repetative.
,Recommended,239140,27959757,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Razmir,"Great game!This is a really good, zombie game with one of the best stories!Great game for Co-op and Versus mode.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,18507234,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,[LC]_Let's Cook,enjoyed every second of playing this amazing game!!!
,Recommended,239140,14210343,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,NidEks,재밌다
76561198045988416,Recommended,239140,30363830,Posted: 6 March,all,Szwab,awww yeee
76561198011960308,Recommended,239140,18061754,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Meap,Dead Island  fighting mechanics and Assasins Creed parkour in one package.Must buy for any zombie game fan!
,Recommended,239140,14226719,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Shenkiraxox,"This is a better looking Dead Island without most of the drawbacks the series had :-there are no more zombie levels, they're harder to kill at the beginning but still it wont require you to have a weapon with the adequate damage in order to harm them-the gameplay was slow, now there's parkour and also the (spooky) night which brings some more dynamism-you're not just tickling enemies with your weaponsThe game is pretty good atm, I haven't encountered any bugs yet. The story is a bit underwhelming but still better than in the previous games (Dead Island 1 was awfully boring). I think the night zombies should be way more aggressive, instead of patrolling they should hunt the player."
76561197992267551,Recommended,239140,15165726,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,[414]Mentality,"10/10There are so many things that this game does right. It's a shame that so many are overlooking this gem beacuse DI left a bad taste in their mouths. I'll admit I was skeptical at first, too, but as you can see from the hours I've put into this game: I ♥♥♥♥ing love it!!! So, for the sake of comparison, I will say this: Imagine if Fallout, Mirrors Edge, Left4Dead, and Borderlands all had a screwed up little incest monster of a baby.......and you would have Dying Light.Now, Dead Island was a turd in comparison. Personally, I felt that, aside from all the bugs, the difficulty was poorly balanced, and basically forced you to play co-op in order to progress. Though it did lay down a great foundation for Dying Light, which delivered mostly what I had originally anticipated from DI.First off, by default, the campaign is played solo, with the OPTION to play co-op. The difficulty is well balanced, though you may want to complete as many side quests as possible in order to level up before rushing through the main quests. The only 'bug' I experienced in Dying Light was mediocre graphical optimization. Which, for the most part, has been patched. Otherwise, DL is one of the most rock solid launches I've played in recent memory. The controls are surprisingly fluid and precise. The graphics are absolutely BEAUTIFUL. The day/night cycle provides the need to strategize,  as well as creating a sense of urgency. The story is a breath of fresh air if you can look past the zombie aspect of things. The voice acting is great and compliments the unique plot/location.LOOT, LOOT, LOOT is ♥♥♥♥ing EVERYWHERE!!! Crafting items is painless and can be done on the go, no bench necessary.  Inventory management could have used a little work ie. alphabetizing items. On the plus side, you can carry as many items as your backpack will allow without any weight restrictions, so you will never be over encumbered. The maps are well marked, as well as the Save points (safe zones), which are conveniently placed throughout.For the sake of not spoiling anything, Im just gonna say that you should, seriously, play this ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!"
76561197986100782,Recommended,239140,14982986,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Beamer86,"Loved it. For as much as at its core its still a zombie survival beat-em-up, the parkour system ave it just enough twist to have it feel like a different game completely. Add to that a decent storyline, excellent graphics, and fun mechanics, and it turns what would have been a forgettable, run of the mill game into something that really stands on its own. I have only 2 complaints: 1. Night time in coop is laughable, not scary like it is solo, and 2. QTE boss fights suck."
76561198089852494,Recommended,239140,14994037,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cube Dice,Really awesome game well worth the price with the bonus of 'Coffee Collecting Simulator 2015' included. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,15032599,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,zonk,"Nice Survival Horror Game with a nice Story too.Another good thing is, that you can play the story mode in coop wich makes this game really intresting.Graphic and sound are both really well done.Enjoy"
76561198144159504,Recommended,239140,20602325,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Nutmegger,Accidentally beat the whole story with my friends in one sitting. The story wasn't short or anything. It's like 8 or 9 hours. We just kinda beat it without realizing how much time we were pouring into the game. I think that means its a fun game. I'm not really sure what fun is.
,Recommended,239140,14641324,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,JohannesJ 🐑,"Very fun for multiplayer goofyness, an allright story and amazingly fun gameplay. 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,19236148,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Twiist,"Played the Demo for 5 hours, decided to buy the game. Did it and played 7 hours straight with a friend and still wanted to play more. 11/10 best game I have played this year. I might say that it is even better than LoL (which I love playing). Now stop reading reviews about this awesome game and.... JUST BUY IT."
76561198204806551,Recommended,239140,21159551,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Trinity,"The best Zombie Survival game i ever played, it's not about just ''shooting and killing''. It's about SURVIVAL. 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,20731496,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Django Fett,"I just finished playing this game 2 weeks ago and I have to say this is a fantastic sequel to the disappointing Dead Island series. If Dead Island was actually good, it would be Dying Light. What DL does right is the gameplay, a open world parkour zombie game where you go where you choose and its instantly my favorite part of the game just exploring and fighting zombies and the night sections of the game is absolutely terrifying, forget fighting just run as fast as you can cause the zombies are practically invincible. And the graphics are fantastic and the game runs extremely smooth on AMD and i havent encountered too many FPS issues at all.There are many problems with the game, first off the story is dull and tries to be exactly like Far Cry 3 and hell they try to make there villain this new Vaas from FC3 but fails miserably. The story goes nowhere and is much more serious than previous DI installments which are wacky and completely stupid. Also the sidequests are pretty redundant too and the characters are so unlikeable.I personally like doing the sidequests just to find new loot and level up. And thats where the game truly shines in its addicting nature to find new and amazing weapons, get more money and upgrade your character to do some amazing parkour maneurs.  Out of 5 I would give this game a 3/5."
,Recommended,239140,21082496,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ranger Sam II,"I am not a fan of your average zombie killing games. However Dying Light is in my top 5 Favorite Games of All Time and Space. Not even joking.  The mechanics, the story, the characters, the heart wrenching and shattering happenings... It is absolutlely amazing.I won't make a pros and cons list because honestly the only true con I can even remotely think of, and I don't feel like it even counts, is after you get about 40-60% through the game, you can completely overpower your character and it makes the game easier. BUT That is your choice. You don't need to give your weapons special stats and additions to annihilate everything. The freerunning is awesome and pretty much lets you do anything and go anywhere. No predesigned paths or obvious ""climb rocks"" on buildings or mountains. It is so open. The zombies are fairly weak in groups of one or two, but if you turn a quick corner into about 20 of them... you better run or start hacking, hoping for the best. Then when the sun sets, the game changes. I won't say how but I wouldn't recommend casually walking the streets after 21:00.I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes the excitement and thrill of being in danger basically everywhere.  As a final note... Goodnight, and Good luck."
,Recommended,239140,21154258,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Heinzy,"Should have taken me 10 mins to make it to my objective.It took me 1 hour, couldn't resist poking in every house and corner for loot =)Melee combat at it's best and with full campain coop... can't complain."
,Recommended,239140,14204771,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dynasty106,"This game is incredible. Visually stunning, seamless freerunning, great crafting system, lots of loot, awesome combat. Hands down the best zombie game I've ever played. If you're thinking about buying this game even a little bit, do it!"
76561198159996584,Recommended,239140,19226901,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,HighwaytoH3ll,"Great graphics and a real feel of danger when you are on the ground with all those walking dead,loving it so far highly recommended :)"
,Recommended,239140,20925594,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Moa La Moana,YES
,Recommended,239140,20694821,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Captain Furious,Finally a zombie game that meets my demands!!!
,Recommended,239140,21162562,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mikey J,"Best Zombie Game Going, Great graphics and gameplay What else do you need ?"
,Recommended,239140,20374759,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jelly,"Very nice game, but the story is a little bit short !"
76561198163997150,Recommended,239140,21207639,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Thermal Paste is for pussies,tought the map was small.... arrived to sector 0tought the game was hard.... arrived to sector 0 (Hard mode)if u like farcry.... buy the game.12/11
76561198081578225,Recommended,239140,21113937,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DisconnectMEME,They gave us the enhanced edition for FREE! And not like the scumms that made state of decay and relaunched it with HD♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you had to pay for +1 for Techland and WB
76561198101051981,Recommended,239140,19785618,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,bullfrogutopia,the only game where its acceptable to choke a baby 100/10
,Recommended,239140,17220925,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,nydel,"The zombie combat and gore in this beautiful game make everythign else available seem silly. Also the storyline is deeply touching with occasional well-needed & -timed comic relief punctuating the tragedy, horror & sadism in post-outbreak Harran. Prepare to find yourself playing the game with authentic emotion-driven skill that you've never experienced surfacing in any other video game, as the main story will pull you in deeply and not let go until you've finished (and even then you'll find yourself going back to Harran time and again for side-quests and new content). By far, the best RPG Survival Horror experience to date."
76561198138099252,Recommended,239140,21185384,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kmc235,COOL
,Recommended,239140,14212823,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,PoisonBlack [CRO],"Wow this game rules. Played only for 4 hours and i've seen some awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cool weapons, awesome missions, beautiful graphics and much more. Totally recommend it. 10/10."
76561198056492825,Recommended,239140,20646412,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Isän Palsternakka,"Warning! This review compares dying light to dead island in many points.Best game Techland has ever done, so if you enjoyed any of the dead island games you will love this.It does everything dead island did but better with actual modern graphics and smooth and entertaining combat that never get's boring thanks to the great skill system that gives you new and interesting ways to decimate the zombie hordes or how to avoid them. The music is great! Though i disliked Pawel's (composer for dead island and dying light) performance in the dead island games i was so pleasantly suprised on the approach he took choosing a more electronic view on such a cinematic game.I must say that though dying light has taken a much more serious look on the story than dead island it only makes the story predictable. I did enjoy the story but it has to be said that thru the whole game i just hated the main character as i think he's personality is badly done and his desitions are not relatable. I think the game whould have greatly benefitted on having even a few choices that effected the story and a silent main character as the scripted choices of the main character really disconnect you from the immersion.All said i gladly recommend you play it especially in co-op with a friend as that makes the otherwise quite boring parts really fun."
76561197992498441,Recommended,239140,14599450,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Apocalypse [URUZ 7],"A very good game,  I would say:  Its like dead Island but much better.    But since i'm a fan of FPS,  I could say.. where are the cool guns ?? D:     If you like dead island you would love dying light,   Recommended :D"
,Recommended,239140,16573169,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mike Pence,"very smooth gameplay. Everything really is interactive.Running on GTX Asus 970, ultra. Looks incredible"
76561198051036437,Recommended,239140,14249687,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lepatitus,Very well done port and overall great game 10/10
,Recommended,239140,15327512,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Naenne,yes is nice game yes is
,Recommended,239140,17417238,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TanMan,LOVE THIS GAME!  Love the Game play.  Love the Story.  Love the weapons.  I have nothing bad to say about it and I am alomost done it.
76561198105297601,Recommended,239140,17347029,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,MOGZUK,".,,,"
,Recommended,239140,18906861,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,spearmintz,"Overall - One of the most fun and entertaining games I've played for a long time.Pros- Storyline keeps you engaged throughout. The plot is excellent, and the characters/voice acting is next level stuff- It looks amazing. Visually flawless. Everything from the look of the scenery to the details on weapons. It all looks very photo-realisitic and feels so immersive- The skill tree system works well. Double XP when fighting in the night persuades ypu to go out and fight and explore for a while- Genuinely scared the s**t out of me on numerous occasions. The night time pursuits are very intense- Multiplayer invasions are a nice touch. It is enjoyable to run about and do quests with other people.- Nice, dense open world. Old Town and The Slums are very entertaining to explore- Firefights and hand-to-hand combat is well incorporated, both use a good combat system- Crafting engine works nicely- Lots of things to do besides the main quest. These include unlocking safehouses, side quests, getting stuff for crafting- Free running is so much fun!Cons- To fully do this game justice, you will need some high-end hardware. It is a very graphic-hungry game.- Some of the DLC is just pointless and a clear money-grabbing scheme- Weapons are broken too easily. Flesh can't be that solid, can it?- Some of the side quests are too repetitive. Most follow a ""go there, find that, come back"" situation.ConclusionThis is a zombie-survival game that is one of a kind. The mix of parkour and combat is very immersive and you won't see anything like it that is of such high quality again, unless they make a sequel.Personal Score - 9/10"
76561198283940506,Recommended,239140,30577520,Posted: 17 March,all,OrreBorre,"Dead Island meets Mirrors Edge and is actually good, test it!"
,Recommended,239140,18884023,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,tr!cky,"Generally I'm not a fan of zombie type games. I usually go for the fps multiplayer tactical games. However, I do enjoy a good co-op experience with friends every now and then.This game has been nothing short of impressive. They put a lot of detail into this game, not only into the world itself but the mechanics and gameplay as well. Add in a co-op player or three, and you are sure to have a blast.Roaming the world and looting can get pretty addictive, as you search for better weapons or new boosters to craft.Most of the zombies are just plain fun to kill. But,when the sun goes down, the volatiles come out and the adrenaline starts pumping as you try and outrun them trying to get to a safe zone.For most games, side missions outside of the main story line get boring and repetitive (gta 5 for example). But with dying light, I find myself more interested in just wandering around, looting, and beating up zombies, that the story is not the most important thing anymore. With that said the story here is pretty solid. And there are a tone of side missions to do as well. I've played almost 20 hours so far and am only 35% through the story!Anyways, this is a great game. If you are into zombies or looking for a fun co-op experience - pick this up!"
76561198073455147,Recommended,239140,14671528,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sean_poppi_kon,Probably the best zombie game since L4D. Love it.Great graphics. 10/10 in my book.
76561198085142232,Recommended,239140,17423142,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kim Cancun,Look Devs Great game but something that would make game better is being able to build your base you know loot store ur items more survival u know but overall its a good game but i do get bored fast after ive done all missions
,Recommended,239140,18923527,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,? ?,It's fun.
,Recommended,239140,15176858,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,CharmsKen,"Imma ask you some questionsDo you like killing zombies?Do you like super awesome weapon upgrades?Do you like THOUSAND of quest?Do YOU like parkouring? of course you do....Well, This game is for you!Tips: put some music while playing it'll make a incredebly amazing experience.Btw play with me ;D"
76561198075320039,Recommended,239140,18843736,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,drizzthu,Dead island meets Mirrors Edge. So far its all right. Im thinking its not worth its price tag tho.
,Recommended,239140,18923116,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Sykoh ™,pretty damn insane i love it
76561197972249070,Recommended,239140,18944005,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BorisNotRussian,"This Game takes everything good you liked about Dead Island and pairs it with everything good you liked about Mirrors Edge. Then of course to still beeing able to make some Money off of casual and mainstream gamers, they put back in the unreasonable weapon-crafting system of Dead Island and combined it with some of the B-Movie-ishest voiceactors possible.If you can get this game on Sale i sure recommend it but don't even think about wasting money on the DLCs (unless you get all 3 of them for 0.19$)."
76561198057168881,Recommended,239140,15169426,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,realRG,"the game is good but the night hunter is too easy for the humans. Juat me against a night hunter and i will win with about 8 lives left, the uv light is to OP the night hunter is too easy to spot by pressing q you can find their position and then just point the uv light. They sould make it so the the symbol should not apear on the map just the orange waves from the night hunter."
,Recommended,239140,16028186,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,:>,Fun and entertaining but too easy late game and worthless voice acting.  Still worth it.
76561198109215123,Recommended,239140,15469772,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Lé Toab,"I have played dying light 2 turns,,, i still like it but it must come somthing new or else you get boored.. i think som expansion would be great!!8/10 toasts..."
76561197995265673,Recommended,239140,14213097,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mandy Manure,"Really funny to play with friends, if you are looking for a entertaining coop game, this is the one to get."
,Recommended,239140,14512884,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jackonnard,"One of the Best games i've ever played !!! Some tips to enjoy it : don't rush the story and take your time to do the side quests and to level up, don't use *grappling hook* often, try to do the parkour instead of the easy way it's more enjoyable, use it just if you have to (like if you're falling or you're stuck and the vollatiles are after you); invite your friends ! it's a lot of fun (zombie mode ftw/ mini evolve game in the same price/ don't buy evolve :D)!!!Whar else can i say, great story, great gameplay, great characters, funny, touching, powerfull (parkour but also the feels)...Enjoy :)"
76561197994405619,Recommended,239140,15939126,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[OSN] HEINRICH II,"BEST GAME EVER!! Combines so many cool features from so many other games, The tether/grappling hook is KEY! Thanks for including that."
,Recommended,239140,16706006,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Lizard,"This is one of the very best games I've ever played. It's just amazing and I can't believe the reviews are so low.  It's nearly perfect. Once in a while you'll hear something cornball like ""noooooooooooooo"" and some of the zombies are kinda goofy  but it's an otherwise fascinating and immersive game. The ability to jump on virtually anything is more realized here than anywhere else. I cannot reccomend this game enough and believe it will become known as a revolutionary breakthrough moment in gaming history."
76561198071065575,Recommended,239140,14313425,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,laZer gas,"its a really good game when your on a good mood to kill zombies, like my dad said ""kill zombies, get money and run away"""
,Recommended,239140,16715086,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Epicosity777 | kickback.com,"Just finally beet Dying Light at 4am exact. One of the best single player games I have ever. Ever. Ever. Played. No, you know what? It's one of the best games I have played in general."
,Recommended,239140,14224307,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hot Ryu,"It is so. much. fun.....Well worth the full retail price.One of the very few games that lives up to the hype.Pros: Maneuvering in a a believable, breathing worldCons: Some plot holes in story, otherwise a decent storyline. More variety in NPC & Enemy skins neededTechnical Con: Requires beefy PC specs"
,Recommended,239140,15874491,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Anonimews,"I was waiting for this to come out for a long time but it was totally worth it. If you enjoy survival horrors this is one of the better ones out there. You can climb on anything, craft your own weapons, and play with your friends. The parkour aspect of the game is different from other games because your bad choices(or just general badness) have consequences. This game handles player movement better than most.You can drop kick zombies in the face. I don't think I need to say anything else."
76561198118277778,Recommended,239140,15776635,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,NikolavNeverVac,This game is some of the most fun I've had in a long while
76561198130692944,Recommended,239140,15854620,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SefulLaFemei,Nice
76561198064544732,Recommended,239140,16278083,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Todoroki,FUN
,Recommended,239140,16181447,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[MLaw] Inzanesane,This game made me cry...MANLY TEARS...the level of happiness i found while playing this game would make telli-tubbie blush!
76561198089204010,Recommended,239140,16239508,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gentleman owl,"Dying light, It's a must have game for any zombie game lover! There is alot to do even after the story, add some friends in to the madness with the 4 player co-op and you have a winner. Definatly one of my favorite games ever and the best zombie game I have ever played. With a good community and support for the workshop, if you haven't picked this game up... DO SO NOW. Peace ^^"
,Recommended,239140,15628545,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ace,GG
76561198081854368,Recommended,239140,15316908,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Maxxx,I jump from a 8 foot bus and die.I leap off a 1000 foot radio tower and survive10/10
,Recommended,239140,14333563,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[GU]Gara2013,"Great game when game-breaking bugs don't happen.I'd suggest you wait a few if your looking to buy this game until they get it together.For anyone curious to my issue is as said below.""Unsatisfactory performance on multi-GPU systems""""Dying light has problems when using dual GPUs. Their ram isn't combined properly causing incorrect texture streaming buffersize.""http://steamcommunity.com/app/239140/discussions/0/604941528488544773/http://store.steampowered.com/news/?appids=239140"
76561198059810998,Recommended,239140,14873717,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rivers in the Desert,I think you should get dying light because the parkours fun the fighting gets better over time theres lots of things to do if you have a friend to play with its even better and be the zombie modes Fun
76561198210605576,Recommended,239140,15069179,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,CluelessFriend,"I truly love this game, It has beautiful graphics. The vast maps, and obvious♥♥♥♥♥kicking bloody nonsense really is just fun."
,Recommended,239140,15070077,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ioScream,"As a AAA title this game truly has it all, but stay tuned for my annoyances.Firstly, I can't totally blame the makers of this game for their implementation of the RPG element as the following has existed in many titles of the like. I hate running errands (I'm talking to you Skyrim). This game starts with a series of errand running that is completely absurd and as a survival game - I would frankly let some of these people just die. In a survival situation you can't save everyone nor should you try.. that's probably my opinion alone and I'm okay with it.Secondly, I didn't find much incentive to follow many side-quests. In the early game most are too troublesome to endure and in the late game they don't seem to be worth the effort. Though a second play-through seems plausible in which I would probably side-quest more.This may be just me being initially bad at the game - but deaths can really set you back. Pro-tip: Don't Die.Also, some of the weapon crafting seems secondary at best. At one point you get a weapon so good that no matter much you craft - unless you've played through once - you won't bother with any other.With all of that said, this game is GREAT. I highly recommend it. Once you pass some of the initial and annoying quests you move into some fun, intense, and high-stress missions. At one point it tells you how to look back as fast and agile zombies run you down - I chose not to look - but my heart-rate definitely increased and boy was it fun. This game has a great potential for immersion once you get passed the potentially way-too-long-tutorial levels. The story has been great, and co-op as been nicely implemented.CO-OP: I've only had limited experience with multiplayer and it has been CO-OP. In co-op you join a friends game at the point where they are at - provided they have progressed to certain point. When someone picks a quest it doesn't start until both players are in the area and, in my experience (being far ahead of my friend), I got to have all of my late/end-game weapons in his early game missions. For me this made the experience great. Running through the previously hard missions chopping zombies in half (yes, in half) was a great experience.I have not played any other multiplayer modes yet - but once I do I will update this review.In conclusion, once you get passed some of the early game monotony this game really stands up and makes itself noticed. The graphics are top notch. The sound A+ and the story, once fleshed out, really holds up. I would recommend this - but maybe at no more then a 40 USD price point.On a side note related to price: Digital games should never cost as much as their physical counterparts. This feels like gouging."
76561197969150212,Recommended,239140,14206821,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rigo,This AMD thing people are saying is not true im running my game on AMD machine xfire and runs like a dream no bugs no stutter no nothing now i noticed there is a problem with the cpu is not being used by game correctly intel i7 but everything else works great everything on max and no problems great game love it so its not AMD thing ive heard Nvidia people are having trouble as well you just have to have one  monster graphic card hahaha maybe
,Recommended,239140,29273249,Posted: 15 January,all,RileRiver,skyrim but with legs
,Recommended,239140,14796896,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MASTER CHIV,I haven't slept in 4 days due to fear of zombies.  Fantastic game.  Techland owns!
,Recommended,239140,15665010,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fhoer,"don't play online with high pingthe zombie mode have problem even with low ping, you attack someone with a ""special"" attack, that attack turn the guy on your direction, he use the UV flash light and can just attack you like""ohhh... a zombie with 360 pound just jump on my back for 80ft height, i just canceled his charge cuz i have a UV flashlight... i pouch his face and i'm ok... my flashlight saved my life that day"""
,Recommended,239140,14686335,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,elonardo1,sliced 3 flaming zombies in half with a claymore and watched there bodies slide apart diagonally in slow motion. 10/10 would play again.seriously though while frustrating at times this game is awesome.
76561198171898538,Recommended,239140,14525481,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TankNasty,Addicting
,Recommended,239140,14643284,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,phrzn,"Zombies. Check!Parkour. Check!Craftable Weapons. Check!Co-Op. Double Check!This games does it all right. Well, for the most part.Read Part 2 of my review next week when I find out how awesome the ending is.... =/"
76561197967019801,Recommended,239140,16034484,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,HAWK3Y3,Currently playing it on Hard in 3-4 player Co-op with friends. Simply put....AWESOME!!!!. The single player is great but so much better killing zombies with your friends. We've been on the same story mission and not progressing now for 3 days because we are having so much fun just running around looting and killing zombies. Great fun!!
,Recommended,239140,14650865,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Capt.Sweglord,Good night.. And good luck..
76561198001783903,Recommended,239140,15905095,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Borderlands Badass {D€D},"In the list of must have & must play games this is without doubt in the top 5.Graphics are fantastic, Parkour element of the game is without doubt what makes it.zombies are from docile to insane, and night time is like a whole different game again.for anyone that has played Left for Dead or Dead Island this game is a no-brainer!"
,Recommended,239140,15822962,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Martify,Very guud game
,Recommended,239140,15978359,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jenkins,Huge fan of this game! The story was amazing!  I'd recommend it to anyone that loves open world games.
,Recommended,239140,15486954,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,WUTR,"Assasins Creed , Dead Island , Left 4 Dead , Far Cry and The Last of Us all in one Game,Its Awesome."
76561197960391794,Recommended,239140,14219342,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Boo-Hoo,A wounderfull game fun for all types of players.
,Recommended,239140,14865940,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,✪Nexus,"graphics are awesome, gameplay delivers the best single player and co-op experience.It is so good that even after you finish everything, you want to continue playing. I cant wait for dlc and new missions."
76561198107691273,Recommended,239140,14268727,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr.Krebs,in the beginning the story is a little bit dull but as you progress the story turns into something memorable
,Recommended,239140,15051046,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,TraceTheKitteh,"this gem is an absolute blast, amazing mix of fps, adventure, and rpg. i adored playing it with my friend, we completed it in about a week or two. awesome gameplay as well! i was very impressed overall."
,Recommended,239140,14639917,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sasquatch,"Just come off the game having finished it...Absolutely loved it from start to finish, visually it looks superb and having played through 95% of the story in CO-OP i have to say its one of the funniest and better recent co-op experiences i've had.Replay value is huge with all the side quests  i plan on going back on and working through them as and when but the game was well worth the price imo for the 20 or so hours i have put into so far.buy it !"
76561198030748969,Recommended,239140,14601835,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Toast for Twenty,"I just completed the SP campaign for the first time and I must say it was a good time.I played as agent Krane, a GRE agent air dropped into a city that has fallen under a infection, but as I run through the streets and begin to know the locals I soon became a rebel of Herran.The gameplay comes in strong when it comes to soundtracks, the ambient music only added to the mood and kep my heart racing as a horde of zombies chase me through the sewers. It also has several strong points with graphics and the FPS rate allows very fluid transition in movement. The story and objectives kept me driven through the entire game though at some times it felt like a grind. The mechanics of this game is nothing original but they took the best mechanics of other games like Farcry, Mirrors Edge, and Skyrim and applied it into one game.If you love zombie games then this one is a must have, if you like good games then get this one on sale it's definitley worth a play.Overall I give this game 7 out of 10 Toast for Twenty's."
,Recommended,239140,14262586,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gummy,"10/10 Techland have really pulled themselves out of the dirt with this game. They completely revamped the game and abolished all the cons in Dead Island, creating a new identity with Dying Light. The new weapons/talents/diverse quests/graphics etc. is unmatched with in todays Zombie or Co-Op market.One of the selling points in this game is the mixed playstyle during the day and night. During the day, you are basically trying to take down zombies and do your quests . However, when night falls, you are trying to get the f*** away from the empowered zombies in almost total darkness while doing your objectives, which is a heart pumping experience.Do not be discouraged by the steep price. The level of enjoyment i've had with this game is what I haven't had in the last zombie game i've played since L4D2. The game really set the benchmark for what future zombie or co-op games have to be like or better.I definately recommend this game to anyone who have an interest in zombies or co-op games because this is the game to buy!"
,Recommended,239140,14660245,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,meik0n,10/10 awesome game . really good graphics and awesome gameplay
76561198124961429,Recommended,239140,14731123,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Houston,"Its a extremely fun game however my reason of coming here is reguarding the season pass. I pre ordered the ultimate edition however through several hours of gameplay  just now realize there is an area that I am not able to go to yet (the arena area), is it released? Also my quarintine zone mission ""Holy Year Tunnel"" is glitched, i have never done it and yet its completed"
,Recommended,239140,14737235,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Kronos,Jogo Otimo Zerei E N Me Arependo de comprar....
,Recommended,239140,14770107,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,mumu,"What I like about Dying Light:Great graphics, realisticVery good storyline, can't have enoughCombat at your choicesSurprising horror at a time when you playBest to play with friendsCaution:This game is still lack of replay value, but overall is worth of the prices.For me, it's best to play singleplayer or with a friend that start the game together, because online players (that finished the game) might come in and spoil your fun.This game is still have issues with FPS for some clients."
76561197996356923,Recommended,239140,14254738,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mumen Rider,"Despite the current issues with performance/optimization and the occasional crash, this game does something that most games fail at: making the core gameplay elements the best part of the game. I find the parkour and the dismemebering amazingly fun. I just did a mission where an npc caused tons of zombies to come running towards us and so I just jumped on a roof and kept kicking the oncoming zombies off of the roof, which was just one option that I had to choose. I also really appreciated the way the devs made it feel like a real zombie experience because you are actually scared of the zombies; you can't run in with you machete and expect to make through the other side in the main game (unless it is the super OP lighting one that you get from a side quest). Honestly, I found the most fun I had was when I was doing the ""race to checkpoints"" parkour  or the ""we will give a ridicilous weapon and you get to fight zombies that would otherwise completely destroy you"" side missions. What a great game."
,Recommended,239140,14244982,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FiLL,Game of the year 10/10 =) Recommend for everybody
,Recommended,239140,14194996,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mercury,"Update: After changing the view distance to min, changing my power setting option in windows to Performance Mode, and setting the Dying Light exe priority in Task Manager to High, I've improved my performance to a 20 to 70fps range. Not perfect but very playable and Techland is currently working on a patch to address the frame drop issue affecting some of us running recommended or higher equipment.Due to this I'm changing my recommendation to yes. I feel that overall, this game can be run at high settings (For some PCs with some tweaking) and after actually completing some missions and getting out into the city, actually enjoy it. I'm still not sure about the graphics being any better than Dead Island, but that is probably due to the film grain and chromatic abberation that is a setting that can't be disabled.End Edit:Original Review:Using FRAPPS for the FPS only, not for recording. Shut it down and Steam's built in FPS indicator shows the same FPS drop. Massive 60fps drop to 20fps after tutorial.If you want to take a chance, feel free as it does run fine for a lot of people, both Intel and AMD.  However, I cannot recommend buying this until the FPS rate drop issues are resolved. Some are suggesting it's a AMD GPU Graphic card issue, but I don't think that's entirely the case. I'm runnin a Nvida Geforce GPU but a AMD CPU.In the beginning tutorial, 60fps on max settings. As soon as it went to mission status, 20fps on bottom low settings.My RIG Specs.AMD Black Edition FX-8350 8 Core 4.0ghz,Gigabyte G1 Gaming Geforce GTX 970 w/4gb DDR5 RAM,16gb G.skill Ripjaws X Series DDR3 RAM,ASUS Sabertooth 990FX R2.0 Motherboard,500gb Samsung SSD.To be honest, the graphics don't really seem any better than Dead Island, although I haven't ventured too far outside the tower because the frame rate drop to 20FPS makes it pretty much unplayable for me. Currently all I've been doing is tweaking, testing, repeating.I really can't recommend buying this until the FPS rate drop are resolved. I will also update at such time the issue is resolved."
,Recommended,239140,14213000,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Han Solo B,"I have been waiting for this game since the first triler in early 2k13, i just bought it during the first day aka 27,1.I had some issues with crashing, frame drops etc, but my gpu isnt the best for this ""new"" game.BUT the game it self is  freaking amazing, graphics, sounds, gameplay, nights and stuff... if u have spare 50bucks , go for it,  this will be next ""must have"" in couple of months..."
,Recommended,239140,14282601,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Flope?,"Not sure if it is worth the $60 asking price, but Dying Light has given me a fantastic play experience. Overall, reccomended."
76561198042482974,Recommended,239140,14213365,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,tkdmaster777,This game is simply one of the most unique and awesome zombie titles out there. The way the game plays seems dynamic and random events are everywhere. You'll be running to a mission then suddenly an airdrop will appear and you will have to track it down and secure it. This game is very fun and i recommend it!10/10
,Recommended,239140,14270025,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dithis,Good game gets a lot better when you become level 12 would be nice to see a few more weapon mods though
,Recommended,239140,20712925,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sonik Smash,One of the most advanced gameplay on any FPS game.I highly recommand this title if you enjoy zombie slaying and running fast.10/10
,Recommended,239140,17562519,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Siccarie,LOVE THIS GAME! Nothing like getting through the zombie apocalyse Parkour style!
,Recommended,239140,14249994,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Linkupdated,"Very good game, playing in 4k with no problems! I would like more story and main quests!"
76561198253724418,Recommended,239140,22432301,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Roman,Все четко! Хорошая графика и оптимизация. В этой игре большая локация и много возможностей
76561198112961033,Recommended,239140,30931772,Posted: 3 April,all,ILIKEKITTENS,"After finishing the main campaign and the DLC campaign, i can say that i will be playing every DLC that comes out from now on."
76561198064397067,Recommended,239140,16119923,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,XExarKunX,good fun game. the overall game is amazing and fun to explore and run/jump/climb all over and killing zombies is a blast. the only problems i have are the timed challanges ebing frustrating and annoying. you can do challanges without time limits but apparently thats just the copy/paste method.also the DLC in this game so far is very terrible. if you are not going to push out good dlc then why make any at all? just focus on your next game instead of milking your playerbase? or make expasnion type DCL that actually adds something. tired of all the lazy crap that passes as DLC these days.anyways i do recommend the base game. its fantastic.
,Recommended,239140,14780449,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Forkinator,"This is one of the greatest zombie games out there. IMO this will be a classic later on because of the easy and fun play style. I will admit that at first, I  pirated this game but after playing an hour, I bought it because If I enjoy a game, I will support the developers and their had work.I have over 60 hours so far and am  50% through the game. There is so much to do with side quests and story quests that you will never get bored. You can even challenge yourself and play most of the quests during the night(some quests/side quests can only be completed during the day/night).If you like stealth you can approach the challenges cautiously and without attracting much attention or if you prefer to face the challenge head on you can  go balls to the wall with machine guns and grenades but that will attract the fast zombies to your location..... The game is tailored to more  multiple play styles. The only issues I had were technical with being stuck and having to force close the game a couple times but I lost no progress because of the way the game saves.(EDIT: This has been patched)If you do not want to quest, you can simply go out and kill hordes of zombies. The physics coupled with graphics and combat make this an extremely indulging experience that truly never gets old. The gaming community needed a game like this.If you have not tried this game, please give it a try. I like it better than dead island even though it is made by the same developer. Put this on your games to play before you die list.  I give it a 9.5/10.EDIT:  Now that  The Following is released,  this game is even better. So much more fun content and multiplayer is a blast if you have a friend to Co-op with.EDIT 2: It just keeps getting better. Techland keeps updating this game to look and play better. There are very few developers like this that continue to support a game long past its ""prime"". Techland continues to fix bugs, release new multiplayer bounties for people to complete, increase performance, and most importantly, they listen to the community!I can't stress this enough, BUY this game if you want to play a game you can put hundreds of hours into without getting bored. BUY this game if you want to support developers who really care about the customers. I really hope we get another Dying Light game soon."
76561198063517042,Recommended,239140,30919996,Posted: 3 April,all,boudindin,"One of my favorite games, especially in higher difficulties. The thrill of being chased at night and the adrenaline rush when you have to take down a mob of zombies at day is exhilarating. I remember my first zombie, that I had to take down with a pipe, and that f*cker wouldn't stay down and my pipe was wearing down. Oooh I member.Do not expect anything from the story though even if it has its moment and surprises.Played in co op with friends, the game is really fantastic.The dlc is worth it."
76561198032352680,Recommended,239140,30910180,Posted: 2 April,all,v = f λ,"Game is Hella fun. Get it while on sale, worth the money."
76561198041908573,Recommended,239140,30911813,Posted: 2 April,all,Faux,"Alright, I originally purchased the game for 60% off (£15.99 ish) and completed it almost entirely within a day (the day of writing this review), so get ready for some fresh opinions. On the whole, I would give Dying Light a minimum of a 7/10 in terms of gameplay. Now, this game has a lot to offer so I will try to break it down in more digestible segments:STORYLINEI have not read other reviews for Dying Light, so I am unsure what the general concensus is on the storyline. However, I wholeheartedly enjoyed the storyline, and towards the end I felt genuine investment in the characters. Other open-world games seem to have their storylines take a backseat (Oblivion and Skyrim in particular), however in Dying Light there is lore everywhere. Regardless of whether it is a main or side mission, the story is engaging and well fleshed out, leading to an enjoyable quasi-cinematic experience if you are partial to a game with a solid storyline. My one criticism is the choice for the final boss fight, which comes in the form of a quick time event. Some may argue that this is one way of sticking to the writer's idea of the story while still engaging the player, however it came out of the blue and ruined the immersion of the storyline. A cinematic is far better at conveying the finale of a game than a QTE, which often disjoints the impact of the scene.MOVEMENTWith the game being presented as a parkour-esque zombie survival game, you would expect that there would be fluidity of movement and good parkour integration, and you would be completely correct. The movement fits very well into the action of the game, and the upgrade system allows more complex movement mechanics to be involved without becoming too clunky. For example, the stamina system for parkour provides little stamina in the beginning of the game, but this raises proportionally with the action of the game such that in chase sequences throughout the game the movement feels good, without giving the impression that you are effortlessly fleeing from your enemies. Night time chases are still absolutely terrifying, by the way. That all being said, the movement is not without issue; some sections of the game (such as the final sequence) heavily rely on it's movement system, and can sometimes fall flat with clipping issues, resulting in premature deaths.COMBATCombat takes a very similar style to that of Dead Island, taking a more melee centric focus with little variation of ranged firearms. To some this may seem like it would detract from the experience, however the game sets up a scenario in which ranged firearms are equally devastating to you and your opponent, quickly dispatching them while at the same time drawing more enemies towards you. That, and the relative rarity of bullets for pistols, rifles and shotguns means that ammunition is often reserved for the more dangerous enemies: the bosses and bandits. Overall I would say that the combat is very solid and contributes well to the experience of the game. One key improvement would be to include an ""analog"" style weapon system as featured in Dead Island, such that you can control the angle and direction of swing (making decapitations or specific attacks more reliable). Despite this, the currently implemented combat system is on expectation in comparison to similar games.GAME ISSUESIf you are running on a lower end computer, there are some sections of the game which become quite problematic, especially with heavy particle effects. That seems to be the only issue with the game itself.It's a fantastic game, and as of writing this it is 66% percent off, and I would easily reccomend this game for all types of gamer.That being said, I probably won't play the game anymore, but that is just me."
,Recommended,239140,27985028,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ubb001,This game is a very enjoyable co-op and single player. The only complaint is that it is very hard to have it run at 60+ fps.
,Recommended,239140,30814103,Posted: 29 March,all,Cauzik,"Good game, a lot of missions to do, some are boring some aren't but still overall a great game to play. Worth buying."
,Recommended,239140,21209230,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,aidenthepunk,i don't know how to play the following on it i can't find it in the menu
,Recommended,239140,25473217,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Name Jeff,This is hands down the best zombie game I've ever played. The parkour mixed with survival and diverse enimies really immerses you into the game.
,Recommended,239140,30868105,Posted: 31 March,all,@GAiNZvsGAMES,"so i start the game and at first im running around avoiding zombies.about 30min-1hr, killing every zombie i can mainly by pushing into spikes, or herding hordes into trapsnight comes... got invaded. got hunted.night is over, dust myself off and continue the story...night comes again... get invaded and another players comes to help. drops me some crazy viking like axe...Hunters get hunted!bought in steam sale. only got 4% of story completed and 10+ hours in. worth the $ and fun so far.Night came again... the crazy viking like axe broke... i got hunted."
76561198087718068,Recommended,239140,25118551,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ProDog,This is the ♥♥♥♥ing heaven for zombie killing adepts! :O
76561198131465599,Recommended,239140,21636471,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Snakex - Sali's BICEPS Power,"I really like this game . When u have friends , to play with them, its btter than solo . I just want to say : I LOVE THIS GAME !"
76561198132012833,Recommended,239140,28392278,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,NoiSePoiSoN csgoatse.com,"Rly awesome story line , lots of play hours and the co-op , well just rly great one of the best co-op ames i played . Realy recommand this game !!"
,Recommended,239140,20398803,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,h4rdy,Proste Best...:D
76561198154536690,Recommended,239140,24802580,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Karma,yoinks.jpgpretty neat9/10 not igngood (great tbh) with friendspayed $30 to give my friend the season passi got the game and season pass for $40 a while agorecommend
76561198181344945,Recommended,239140,24781685,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sex Sandwich,"yolo at night simmulatorall ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jokes aside-great co-op game-highly optimized-""there's a story?""-loot loot loot loot"
,Recommended,239140,24801728,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Vruzek,The best zombie based game ever made.
,Recommended,239140,15515805,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Malignant_Slurpee,It's alright.  Wait for it to be 30 bucks or less.10/10
76561198076449869,Recommended,239140,14251920,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,the_joester,"I could talk about this games outstanding gameplay.I could discuss the top-notch graphics.I could even mention the excellent story line.OR I could tell you that you will frequently get an oppurtunity to do a running drop-kick on a zombie, knocking it off a roof- top into several other zombies, then do a plunging jump attack onto the pile of baddassery you have created, killing every last zombie in a tangled heap of severed corpses.You decide."
76561198178276533,Recommended,239140,20338203,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Wesley,"Very fun game. Not too far into the campaign but so far it's had all original and fun quests. None of the quests seem boring, annoying, or repetative like they are in a lot of games. Each quest has it's own level of originality. The game looks very very good. It looks good, but at the same time performs like GARBAGE on AMD devices. I have an AMD FX 6300 ogreclocked to 4.3 Ghz and an R9 280X and with everything turned down all the way I get 80 frames at the very max. When I turn everything up all the way it just becomes a mess. I get around 20-30 frames on highest settings. The combat is very fun and unique. Every level up gives you acess to a brand new badass ability. The combat never feels boring or dry. You constantly have different ways to take down the zombies. Whether it be a powerful dropkick or an explosive fire bomb, there's always new ways to fight. Crafting to me seemed very confusing at first. But after looking at it for a few minutes you realize that it's so easy it's not even funny. Crafting in this game ends up being very simple and easy to learn. Crafting is an important part of this game and is easy to pick up on and isn't frustratingly difficult like in a lot of other games I've played. The parkour in this game is addictingly fun. I LOVE THE PARKOUR SO MUCH AGGGHH. The parkour is for the most part realistic but that's not what RAELLY matters. The parkour is really fun and adds so much to the game and the very in depth map. The map is very open and you're always discovering something new. The leveling systen is really unique as I have NEVER seen anything like it in any other games I've played. You level up as you use any abilities under whichever category they branched from. The story is really good and you can easily get attached to the characters. With all this being said, let's review:Good story-Very detailed characters that you learn to either love or hateGood quests-Quests are fun, unique, and never ogrewhelmingGraphics-Game looks stunningly good, even on the lowest settings.Performance-One of the few things I don't like so far. I don't know how this performs on anything NVIDIA, but it plays like absolute garbage on anything AMD. My computer is more than capable of running this on high settings without lag, yet my frames range from 20-30 when on high settings.Combat-Very entertaining. Slo mos of zombies getting their heads split open and ribcages cracking is so satisfying to hear and see. Always an original way to take down the zombies. One bad thing about this that i forgot to say at the top. The weapons and their durabilities are quite annoying. For almost all weapons, you need metal parts to repair them. At the beginning of the game metal parts seemed kind of hard to find, but after about 2 hours you have 30-40 metal parts in your inventory. The only problem is that weapons only have so many repairs, and it's really annoying to have a broken weapon after taking out about 30 zombies. Weapons can be hard to find and really expensive when bought. You end up feeling bad breaking a well modded weapon because it's horrid durability.Crafting-Slightly confusing at first glance, but becomes very interesting to do and simple after a few minutes of testing things out.Parkour-One of the bests parts to this game. Very addicting parkour. The parkour adds so much diversity to the game that it's amazing. (The only bad part is that it doesn't seem right when other games DON'T have parkour in them)Map-Very exploritive and fun to play on. This map has a lot of cool stuff to explore and gives you a lot to look at. The map is very open and in my opinion perfect for this game type.In conclusion: Very very fun game. I R8 9/10"
76561198074224450,Recommended,239140,30014136,Posted: 18 February,all,GRABLICH,"Played the main story with DLC and  all sidequests(No challenges,Only Singleplayer,No Co-Op,Hard difficulty,75h)RESULT: 7/10 - Buy in discount 50%,Better than Dead Island+Graphics looks amazing(Storm,Night,Wind,Rain)+Night is actually night,you can't see sh..+Animations,there is animation for almost everything you do,picking loot and herbs,opening crates and doors,healing etc.+Parkour mechanics+Lots of infected and gore+Melee weapons+No autoheal,you have to use medkits+Night time(Volatiles)+Real-time Inventory managment,game won't stop while you browsing items,looking at map or reading notes(only in hard difficulty)+Interesting and funny quests(Fatin and Tolga)+Fast travel is almost nonexistent-MAIN STORY is rubbish,sorry this is just so cliche and stupid.I hate it.-The whole Harran city and zombie apocalypse feels unreal,unbelievable,fake.Atmosphere is not there.-Virals(Special Infected) can be very annoying,they will spawn in middle of nowhere to chase you.-Consolised inventory-Guns feels very bad,obvious this game is mostly melee based.-Grappling hook is overpowered IMO,nice addition but it makes parkour very easy and non challening.-NO SILENCERS for pistols!!! Like really Techland?-Bandits can survive an arrow to the head or full swing from two handed axe..."
76561198094900451,Recommended,239140,18946079,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Teknical Mage,This game is pure fun.  Nothing gives me joy like breaking some skulls.  If Dead island riptide was spiderman then this game is like spider 2099.
76561198163148477,Recommended,239140,14235029,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,Wonderful game. Its like Dead Island with the plot of farcry and the parkour of Mirrors Edge. The parkour makes traveling really fun. Its far better than assassins creed where you are constantly hanging off the wrong surfaces.The game runs great on both my 270x and 970. One of the best games Ive played recently. Nice one Techland.
,Recommended,239140,19168762,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Artemus Skotchberry,"A total improvement in this company's direction since Dead Island.  This one goes on the wall of rare games you will never forget and will want to play again and again (and I will definitely revisit this game often).  The story was a little weak in spots, but had a decent climactic ending in comparison to previous titles.  Story-wise, this game shines a little more with side quests, albeit some were similar to others, I didn't feel as if I was repeating mundane tasks over and over - filler-quests if you will (Just Cause 1, for ex.).  Several of the side-quests turned out to be a series of quests rather than a the snatch-and-grab-and-return-for-experience-points-and-your-done scenario.  Regardless, I can't wait to see what they do next.10/10."
76561198170012663,Recommended,239140,19059513,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SuicidalKitten6969,its a great game
76561198074670302,Recommended,239140,19297661,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Topshot Tiger,"probably the best coop game iv played in awhile. good storyline, fun quests, and truly an awesome experience. great zombie game to play with a friend."
,Recommended,239140,19165986,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[TWaT] Quanta,Good game is good.
76561198128696531,Recommended,239140,14522605,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Derek,10/10 i just want a little more replayable content. Other than that! the great is great.
,Recommended,239140,19189609,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Maniak,Kick zombie with pipedied by exploded zombies20/10cant stop play
76561198061129061,Recommended,239140,15069485,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nugger,A very fun game. Been palying it for 45+ hours and still not bored one bit.
,Recommended,239140,14241709,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Meep^,I wasn't a big fan of Dead Island but I bought this game anyways and I've played it for a few hours now and I'm not disappointed. Would recommend for sure.
,Recommended,239140,16897447,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mao's Book Of Sayings,This game is only good because of the game play. The story is not very good because of the cliches taht every zombie game has and everything does look odd in some locations. But thsi is one of the best zombie sandox game ever and the parkour system that works most of the time and is like mirrior's edge. This game is a okay game you should only get it for the gameplay not the story 7/10
,Recommended,239140,17308388,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Werewolfiey,so far this game is epic
76561198051751660,Recommended,239140,19359038,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dyno69,"Dying Light has really set the bar for first-person survival horror and must be noted as one of the best games to come out this year.While I can't speak too much for the online play, the hours I've put in have flown by in the single player alone.  In the beginning I had turned on a function that allowed online co-op, and a player by the name of ""Bush Ninja"" began playing alongside me.  I had forgotten this function was on.This was very early, most likely fewer than 6 hours in, so my strongest weapons did between 30-50 damage and my inventory consisted of pipes, wrenches and police batons.Bush Ninja carried a flaming, electrofied Kheposh, a weapon I had never even heard of prior to Dying Light.  He asked me if I would like him to make me one.  Who would say no?The weapon had 721 damage, an orange rarity rating (the highest), and killed pretty much everything instantly.At first I figured, well♥♥♥♥♥♥ is this going to break the game now?  Using such an overpowered weapon so early on?  You'd might think so at first, until you realize weapons will break beyond repair.  I used it often, then saved it only for emergenices, and eventually kept it in storage as a momento.Bush Ninja was a time traveling ninja who bestowed the fruits of his labor to a lowly leveled DL noob.  Thanks Bush Ninja.  You made a lot of difficult moments easier in my earliest hours of playing.To summarize though, this game succeeds at:-Creating massive replay value-Building incredible atmosphere and immersion-A skill tree that rewards players with a better and more enjoyable gaming experience-Allowing creativity in it's completion of missions and challenges-Providing online co-op-Great parkour mechanics (I might add this tends to ruin other games with similar first-person open worlds)And these are just what I've gathered from the single player.  The game's tagline ""Good night and good luck"" is pretty ironic considering how difficult it's been to not stay up all night playing.  More like ""good luck saying good night ever after playing our game mf.""The only con I can give now is it will eat up all of your time.Regardless, I highly reccommended this to all FPS, survival horror, and open-world fans out there."
,Recommended,239140,18926966,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,義  政  元,If u like zombies and if u like to run around a open world with a good kind of movility try this game
,Recommended,239140,19435241,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,KLFtrap XD,It's a nice game that's has nice Shadow's and graphics. The skybox is kinda the same as gta v A.K.A Awesome. The thing that would be nice if there were bosses to fight (Human bosses) And figuring out how to find them by doing mini missions.
,Recommended,239140,19539420,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Luna,This game requires a high end pc but for some reason my high end Alienware Area 51 has lag and needs to be put on medium texture wiich is really a pain because i purcashed this computer to see the graphics and effect come to life not look like a game made in 2000 so i reccommed people who have a very good computer get this rather this is a very good game with a cliche story but with a good use of dead island/mirriors edge so my final verdict is a7/10
,Recommended,239140,21791334,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Squatting Putin,"Allright, I have 60+ hours of Dying Light, I can honestly say that it's the best zombie game, open world or otherwise, in the last 10 years. Techland's games usually have interesting concepts and fun gameplay experiences but fail in alot of other categories, even if Dying Light isn't perfect it's failures are mostly forgettable because of the fun factor. Explore the night, explore every place, help survivors, kick some zombie♥♥♥♥♥ Good night and good luck.Dying Light 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,18303620,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,oh shit im feeling it,love dissembling zombies? great game for you!
,Recommended,239140,19219181,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Awwww,very recommended
,Recommended,239140,19220276,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,[L7] aswanson,"Great game, but it's not very optimized. I can run Battlefield Hardline on High while I can't get 60fps on Low on this game. The gameplay is good and I enjoy playing it, so if you have good specs I'd recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,239140,19358447,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,julian,amazing
,Recommended,239140,19921585,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Plasticine,Zombies ...... Parkour.......... Great combo
76561198029606488,Recommended,239140,14820527,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sam Fish,amazing <3
76561198185789702,Recommended,239140,18945100,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jimamo,This game is amazing!10/10
,Recommended,239140,18987812,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,chaosnipples,"This game is downright amazing. Parkour is a game element that is done outstandingly well Dying Light. I will point out, however, that there is no achievement for beating the game on Hard. I spent probably 70+ hours trying to get this non-existent achievement so be weary. Otherwise, this game is awesome"
76561198062199637,Recommended,239140,18922488,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,John Blake,"this game incorporates the ideas of progression like an RPG and the parkour of assasins creed but in a first person zombie slaying manner. if you like killing zombies, cutting heads off, jumping from rooftop to rooftop, or just enjoy a good story then i would recommend this game"
,Recommended,239140,19918233,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,justagiraffe,Another zombie game cool cool.
76561197962903254,Recommended,239140,16017766,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Evil Cinnabun,Dying light is a fantastic game! I was able to play it completely on Linux with no problems. I really appreciate AAA games on the platform of my choice.
,Recommended,239140,18361138,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DankBujjet,"To keep this brief and short, Dying Light is an amazing game. I was very impressed with all of the gameplay mechanics they incorporated in this.. For one mechanic that I am happy they included in this game was parkour.. Man oh man, it was so much fun crossing the map by jumping onto rooftops, pretty much anything would be considered climbable if you were to test without getting eaten by the infected. I really love how the game gets much more difficult (at times) as you progress through the story. The developers have done their absolute best and created one of the best zombie games of all time.. Seriously, if you thought this game was going to be crap, tough-as-nails, bad gameplay mechanics, etc. Think the opposite, I am so impressed with this game.. I cannot wait for the DLC Expansion so-called ""The Following"".. Another thing that makes me smile is that the developers wanted to see the creativity of players making playable Steam Workshop maps. While you do level up in this game, the perk rewards for each skill does actually feel rewarding in a way which is a great thing. Overall, I REALLY love this game and would officially now say that this is my new favorite zombie game.. Great job developers! Rating: 10/10"
76561198078805646,Recommended,239140,16089076,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RodneyLee,"357.5 hrs on record, Need I say more, love this game, as always some things could be improved but overall this game rocks"
,Recommended,239140,24569088,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TripleBullet187,"Short and to the PointThis game was an honest shock for me as to how well it was put together. Dead Island was a special game as well but it did indeed fall short. Very buggy, awkward character development but was still enjoyable being the first Borderlands/Zombie game. Dying Light really improved on all the aspects Techland was trying to create with the original. Honestly I am happy they got away from Deep Silver. Considering the shambles that Dead Island 2 is in at the moment.The graphics have improved, animations are cleaner, characters are easier to connect with and sound design is pretty nice as well. My biggest clap is to the RPG elements of the game. All quests are mostly voiced and give you some characters to mess around with. They have a pretty good variety as well. The skill trees are pretty diverse give you some different ways to focus at first.Overall it is a great game and I totally recommend it. Awesome with friends.Things that could still use some work. Mostly story development. Although much better it still sometimes feels a little empty. In the sense as I didn't always feel the drive to get to the end all the time. Again, it wasn't bad but I still think it's one of Techlands improvement points. The animations are much better yes, but characters can also feel a bit static in the face when in conversation. I'm sure Dying Light 2 will have heavily improved face works which will immerse the emotions the game trys to convey. Also at times it seems the game doesn't always respond or connect in combat at times. It's not really bad but sometimes it just doesn't seem to work correctly. That's being very picky.One thing I would like to see in Dying Light 2 is creating your own character and gender picks. It would be a huge step for Techland but that would be awesome to have.Again, love the game, it's near perfect. Just has a few things the sequel can perfect. PLAY IT!9/10"
76561197998935647,Recommended,239140,20734291,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,The Empty Space,"Even though the mechanics of the ending sequence feel tacked-on and lazy, the other 99% of the game is fast and fun. I highly enjoy."
,Recommended,239140,14253808,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Narishma,"Melee combat is great, very fluid and each hit impacts solidly.  Parkour is also fluid and well executed.  Couldn't care less about the story elements, bought the game primarily to play Coop with my brother.  Online coop seems to work well, only one drop in connection in the 4 hours we've played together so far.  Game is worth the buy."
,Recommended,239140,27025616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nlelith,"The best zombie/infected game out there.-Very fun to play in coop.-Great pacing of action / scaveging / story.-Extremely satisfying movement / exploring.-Good RPG elements / difficulty curve. You really should run for your life sometimes at lower levels. You won't ever feel safe outside of safe zones.-One of the best story DLCs out there.-Absolutely awesome synthwave soundtrack.-Gorgeous graphics.-I could go on praising every other aspect of the game, really. The only con I can think of is tutorial screens are shown only once and are timed, so you may unintentionally miss some useful info.Highly recommend 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,21523594,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,AppelKaneel,"Parkour- Zombie survival -(coop)gameThe game offers alot, the devteam is always moving and they listen to the community.So far i'm still enjoying this game and yet i'm not done completing it, although I've spent over 100hours in total. After completing the game on hard and hardmode+ (coop :)!! )  they released 'Nightmare mode' with the enhanced (free) edition, which gives you the real survivor feeling (less stamina, stronger ai ect.). A big plus to me.[innovations during time]- Bug fixes- Be the zombie mode, play as a zombie to crush other people online. Skilltree added (free)- 'Hardmode +' (free)- Added workshop to play custom maps (at this time solo)- Added the feature to play custom maps coop- PvP, deathmatch mode (free)- Enhanced edition: added new zombie models, nightmare mode, new freerun animations, smarter ai and a new skilltree Legend mode (freepatch)The community wanted a setting outside Harran (city) and that's what Techland made in The Following DLC. For the hardcore players, try The Bozak Horde and run as much as you can outside at night¡GET IT!"
76561198191412818,Recommended,239140,16026763,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,jtjcroughan,if i could choose i game that i could get it would be this because even if you have finished the game there is still loads to do
76561198053751104,Recommended,239140,21918289,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mr. Moo,A better Dead Island.
76561198064866008,Recommended,239140,23041197,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Anonymous,Great! Has the satisfaction of  decapitating someone.
76561198035005384,Recommended,239140,23082983,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TechPriest44,"This is the best zombie game I have ever played. The story is awesome, you don't have to be a certain level to use weapons, just use them right away, there is parcour and if you really want to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants out of fear, try doing missions at night! :DIt also has a lot of multiplayer stuff incorporated into it, but i chose to play it singleplayer because that is what i like the most, so this is great for players that don't like multiplayer games as well!Cheers! :D"
,Recommended,239140,23085842,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Koppiekrauw,"Great game, good dlc."
76561198114407721,Recommended,239140,14924343,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[TR]Tandx,This game is very good. I love it Thanks for creations
,Recommended,239140,29473703,Posted: 24 January,all,Saint Boris,Best game ever <3
,Recommended,239140,23892669,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Λᴢɪɪᴢ,This game is the best Zombie game ever.I enjoy playing it.
76561198103077701,Recommended,239140,24551242,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RELLIK,will play this until.... forever or they release a second
,Recommended,239140,22388019,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TripleHelix935,Actually runs fairly well
,Recommended,239140,24623485,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hans Beckenforth,"Genuinely, seriously, honestly - THE zombie game you've been waiting for.If you played the Dead Island series and thought 'hey, there's a hint of something seriously good fun here'. then this is the game that finally realises it.Finally,  a game that gets the balance right - zombies are geuninely deadly in numbers, while you yourself can be a genuine threat.The parkour mechanics work *so well* for this game - you wonder why no-one did this before. It's so much fun to play, but also challenging and rewarding.An extemely well crafted game that's worth your time - is it going to change your life? no. It's not the next half-life, but it's an excellent game nonetheless, worthy of the price of admission and much better with some mates. Definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,239140,25216906,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ScoobySnacks,"В этой игре самый честный season pass, который только покупал."
76561198096110017,Recommended,239140,14968069,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jop,Pros+amazing combat system+great story+awesome in multiplayer or singleplayer+nice graphics+immersive world+relatable protagonist+lots of side quests/quarantine zonesCons-short campaign9/10 totally reccomend
,Recommended,239140,14908965,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Lazcorp,best zombie game around!
,Recommended,239140,20106534,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pabloziac,"A very well written game that delves into the lives of the people of Harran with a few cliches here and there but some suprising plot twists. With a bittersweet plot, this game is hard to put down when first played. Overall, the story expands the lives of most of the characters, not just from the storyline, but also with a few side quests. The story is relatively short, but a variety of side quests and an open world allows the player to spend much more time interacting with the enviroment.In addition to the enviroment, the level of detail the dev's put into this game is phenomenal. Like any open world that spawns zombies and loot, the amount of crevices and hidden areas in the game are suprising. The graphics also aid the level of detail of the enviroment. The crisp definement of the graphics offers continuous attention to the player as well as the mechanics of the game. The areas you can climb and scale, the abilities you can do and that you unlock as you further progress in the game, and the variety of ways on just killing a zombie or a zombie killing you is a real eye candy. Furthermore, I love the night feature in this game, not only adding to the detail to the game and making it a perk towards realism, but makes the game much more challenging and exhilarating. Running away from volatiles and other creatures adds a tense ambiance furthering the excellence of the game.Overall, the attention to detail, the synergism of both graphics and mechanics highlights the nature of the game in addition to the well written story of your character and the characters around you. Personally, it's not the ""best"" zombie game I've played, but it is totally worth the money, every cent of it."
76561198150462178,Recommended,239140,24753644,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Burmpython,Best game ever!
76561198112336480,Recommended,239140,24688428,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,;D,When you find out that the guy who voices Kyle Crane also voiced Ezio
76561198125418485,Recommended,239140,20205384,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tacitus,"Hard mode is a mother @#%$   &?!{~+.......I died so many times and wasted a lot of survival points.night time is seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and the day is annoying enough with runners coming at you from every angle.Damn, i have to slave for medkits and fredquently running for my life. Hell, the bandits with guns take you out in seconds.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,239140,16695108,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CTGooni,Best Zombie Survival Simulator since Plant vs. Zombies10/10 Would die without light again!
,Recommended,239140,18316780,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ThunderDeath,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
,Recommended,239140,19702946,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Biohazard csgoroll.com,MAZING
76561198144592815,Recommended,239140,21521585,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BB,"Very good story line, but the mission signs on the map are a bit ♥♥♥♥ed up :D"
76561198215182915,Recommended,239140,23135948,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Your nan's dead xD hellcase.com,Awesome game not many bugs atleast i havent came across any just yet i completed the game twice and im starting a new game because of the new legendary skill tree i came across which i a very interesting twist for players who have all skills maxed highly positive feedback for this game from me as it is just amazing
76561198162040831,Recommended,239140,18720074,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,HEX,"OMG! I dont even know what to say. This game is f#cking awesome. Freeroam, Zombies, Parkour. It never ends. This is just a great game. Even comes with developer tools to make your own maps for free. The best part is the fact that the developers actually communicate with players on their site, or on steam. Open world, with lots of things to do. The only bad thing i can think of would be, becoming lonely. With no one to play cooperative with, because their Pc dosent meet the requirements. That can be easily fixed. Just play in a open server, and make new friends. Thats what I did. Another bad thing, is the PC requirements. That ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, but i can play it at like 30 fps, which is good enough for me because i can still play it. make sure you can run it first.! Cant wait for THE FOLLOWING! new weapons, land, Quests, and vehicles."
76561198269210479,Recommended,239140,27687246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Light,this game was epic very fun more missions and monsters it was awsomenew items added kill effects I WOULD DEFENETALYRECOMEND THIS GAME
,Recommended,239140,23241483,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wop-Actual,"After the somewhat disappointing Dead Island, especially in coop, I waited to purchase this game thinking it would be similar. It went on sale and I jumped aboard. Not a single regret. Coop is where this shines. There's so much to do, to discover, upgrade, loot, kill, parkour...Easy game to jump into whether it's for 30 minutes of mayhem or 2 hours of quest completion. Something about it keeps pulling me into it just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. Highly recommended."
76561198058762119,Recommended,239140,23352556,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Inderps,"This game is just really nice on the eyes and I think does everything you would want in a zombie game. Dying Light is probably the most realistic zombie game I've seen yet where the zombies are dangerous and in great numbers. They are not too strong while not being underwhelming. This game can be challenging, definitely scary at times and yet you are able to achieve your goal in a variety of ways depending on your playstyle. The plot takes you to new settings with their own enviromental strengths and weaknesses.The weapons and movement mechanics are intricate enough to keep you entertained and have your own playstyle with much replayability. A must-have for zombie fans."
,Recommended,239140,23341126,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Irrelevant,Fun in terms of co op.But the RPG elements killed the game.Concept was great tho.
,Recommended,239140,23417273,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Big Dot,Trying to get back by nightfall is a genuinely terrifying experience in this game.
76561198008570708,Recommended,239140,23648006,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ice Lemon ✌,Good game. Very fun :)
,Recommended,239140,23813987,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,onz,"Dead Island was good, this game is great. Best Zombie game since Left 4 Dead can't wait for Techland's next game"
76561198198854961,Recommended,239140,21000304,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NOBLE,10/10 would jump off roofs again-IGN
76561198015982831,Recommended,239140,20687558,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[RoF] eGandhi,"Dying Light, a zombie game at the forefront of a million zombie games... but how do YOU decide? The answer is usually tricky... watching gameplay videos, reading reviews and talking with your mates... then you have make up your own mind!I'll make this easy to understand... killing zombies any way you want!! ...and there are alot of them!! You get to make your own unique weapon that to use to cleave, shock, beat, blugeon, dismember... and burn! Not to mention, crush, when you jump from a building after you have performed a speedy parqour ballet on the rooftops on the entire map. Which is enormous also! Oh yeah, then there's guns! Did I mention the Quarantine Zones? These are usually tight, dark, and very hard!! The zones are filled to the brim, with zombies. Co-op up and it just gets harder. Every noise you make draws the rest of their zombie buddies closer! Awesome sunrises and worldly effects during the day cycle lead you into the terrifying and alarming night. The whole game changes! It is truely bone chilling. The only thing that warms you are flaming zombies... and your trusty torch. Skill trees provide yet another list of zombie killing methods with little videos that show you what they do! In the zombie apocalypse, who do you trust? The humans that are left and desperate and cutthroat, but you are there to observe, undermine and redeem there lives. Or just loot your way through the world.The gruesome reality of this games means that even you are sometimes mortified at your own methods of zombie killing. But everytime you just have to kill another! Now it's time for you to decide they die, ENJOY!"
,Recommended,239140,22899338,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ Dick_Smeller®,It is very good game!!! The best survival horror ever!!!
,Recommended,239140,22909087,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,rafaelkaher,"I love the game, it full of things to do, the city is HUGE, the characters are really deep and the storyline is really good. But, there's a downside.*********** SPOILERS AHEAD *************The end boss is a quicktime event fight, geezz, and it sucks, QTE sucks, coudn't the developers give us a chance to fight the last boss instead of smashing some buttoms? That being said, it is a good game."
76561198031553643,Recommended,239140,14882071,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Max Noskill,"7/10, good game (+1 with EE: The Following)--- edited review ---(quick review update for game version 1.11.1, Linux tested, played multiplayer The Following addon)Good news. Game finally seems to be fixed and actually is playable on 680 GTX. I assume game is not up to par with Windows version but framerates are way better than on 1.5.0.Mouse re-binding WORKS. Even SIDE BUTTONS. Hear that, 4A Games (Metro: LL)?You still have interface designed for gamepads, but doing more complex actions like selecting arrow types for the bow etc. seems to work well.Fixed:+ framerates+ keybindingWorth of trying, especially if you grab the enchanced edition from the Steam sales. EE includes addon campaign The Following and several minor DLC's.--- old review below ---(review for game version 1.4.0, Windows playthrough, Linux tested)edit:Linux 1.5.0 tested, low performance compared to Windows versionPlus:+ generic gameplay: movement and combat is fun+ woo-effect: nice looking, lots of graphical detail+ gore effects: good gore effects which are not ultra-overdoneMinus:- lame boss fights, QTE WTF?- exploring is not rewarding (unless for Steam achievement)- game console syndrome (awkward UI, feels like non-PC game)- keybinding: even on Windows it's bad, and don't even mention Linux- very low FPS on Linux/SteamOS even game is marketed as SteamOS game- grappling hookDying Light is Dead Island re-animated... er... zombified? Worst parts of DI have been rotten out, so you now have actually playable game.Gameplay is heavily parkour-styled, so your character, Kyle Crane, will climb and jump around the city of Harran in search of cure research for the zombie virus.Harran is made up from two large areas Slums and Old Town, which are enough distinct to spark your EXPLORE!-fire again when you change the map. The game world is quite amazing and graphics developers have been doing marvelous job to add lots of details all around. Exploring the world will give you XP, but when you hit the level cap the rewards from exploring won't account much unless you play for Steam achievements. On the other hand, as there aren't any practical reason to explore more, two large map areas will suffice.Movement is fluid and usually you get intended action (grab a ledge, jump off from the wall) so you actually feel like you're doing parkour moves. If surface looks like it could be grapped or climbed, that's usually the case. Movement skill level also adds to the feeling that Kyle Crane physically learns more as he goes on. Having seen some games which kind of sucked (Mirror World *cough* *cough*) and some games where all surfaces are fair game (Ninja Gaiden), doing parkour in DL is simply fun. Of course some movement restrictions are in place as game world is finite, there are surfaces you can't grab and gameplay area is confined by magical invisible walls. Later on you get grappling hook, while it speeds up gameplay considerably, you lose most of the illusion of being parkour runner.Combat system is fairly simple. Neverthless it's entertaining enough for few hours just to bash, slash, maul and maim zombies with whatever weapon you get on your hands. Zombies react to physics, so they can tackled, toppled over fences or forced to climb on high places to even reach you (and then they get kick in the face). You're able to target generic body area so usually button mashing is a great combat tactic. There is unfortunate auto-targetting when doing some combat moves but I guess it's price to pay for playing console game.Story is kind of mixed bag, as side quests have more story than the main quest. Most of NPCs have at least somewhat interesting dialogue and voice acting & animations are ok, some overacting, but also some really excellent performances. Most of the default story line aspects living in the city full of undead are handled in way or another through side quests or collectibles. Unfortunately main quest includes some really dumb forced story events, bad boss seems to have constant grip from Crane's balls whatever Kyle tries to do. Kyle Crane voice acting shows him as quite strong-willed character, he's not on par with JC Denton but delivers his punch lines with real punch well enough (except every time when Kyle meets evil boss he puts whimp clothes on so he can receive good spanking). I have kind of insight after my playthrough that Techland can't make a game without horrible main story twists. Dead Island was such a dog puke, DL is bit better though as side quests will give some credibility for the story writer.Of course the zombie game aren't zombie game at all if there aren't any gibs! In DL zombie gibs are also finite, for example you can't cut only fingers off, then palm off, wrist off and so on, you only chop off whole hand from elbow. Gore effects are fairly well done and stay within reasonable limits so you can enjoy the effects and do not get WTFs every time. Gore with taste, I say! Also splatter effects on walls seems to correspond with weapon you're using.User Interface is designed for consoles, game has ""hold this key and move mouse""-style weapon/item menu. This might work if you have gamepad or such, but I played this with keyboard and mouse. You can rebind the keys, but you need to limit yourself to only some items or juggle through awkward inventory if you want to use more items (especially elixirs). Also keybinding on Linux version is horrible and mouse recognizes only 3 buttons.Of course review would not be completed without nitpicking about some things. Developers are marketing this game for Linux/SteamOS and then when you buy it you will experience about half of  FPS of what it should achieve. DON'T BUY THIS GAME FOR LINUX/STEAMOS until developers fix this! Patch 1.5 recently came out and fixed some issues. I tested Linux version with same hardware and fact is game does not perform well enough to be playable.Also final battle with the boss is just one facepalm moment you can't forget. So, you're ready with best weapons with best upgrades, holding boss' own gun to give it back one bullet at time and lots of invulnerability elixirs to gulp. You climb on the final ledge ready to pump this guy full of lead and then chop him to tiny grilled evil zombi-snack bits with your Fiery Sword of Death. Well, that's how it should go? Instead you're treated with Quick-Time Event (QTE) where one-handed man beats your zombi-killing hero to ground only using one hand and whole battle...  no, not battle... watching interactive movie... consist of pressing seven buttons in certain order. WTF? In fact, here's pro-tip for you: in this game you can discard your weapons before playing any main quests against boss as you can't never use them.Conclusion: despite some shortcomings this is quite fun game. Main story sucks but as one NPC said to Crane, blockbuster movies are all about happy endings and badly told stories. Here's story for 70€ (incl. Season Pass). As long you remember to turn your brain off for the main story quest, you should have fun.Worst letdowns are technical problems with SteamOS/Linux version (hopefully to be patched) and main story had lots of brain-dead parts in it.On the bright side, gameplay is fun and entertaining for one playthrough. Multiplayer might add some more hours, but I'll suggest you first try the game on single player or with newbie friends as best parts of the game experience is at the beginning of the game. I would say with more experienced story designer,ironing out all technical problems before releaseand adapting interface more for keyboard/mouse this could have been excellent gem.Anyways, it's worth of try if you buy game for Windows. I can't recommend buying this game for Linux/SteamOS and paying full price."
76561198093137473,Recommended,239140,22348542,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Flower Mio,"The best Co-Op game i have ever seen... and really amazing story too...There is only one bad thing about this game ""you can miss your family and friends..."""
,Recommended,239140,20940510,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,unknownlord,Pro's:- Exploration- Rewarding- Side quests- Great co-opCon's:- Mediocre main storyVerdict: 8.7/10
,Recommended,239140,20805628,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RoboJesus,gud gaem
76561198210111580,Recommended,239140,20844605,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,jnrobb,Amazing game. It surprised me
76561198069873776,Recommended,239140,18008131,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Kota Bear,"Started the campaign with a friendPlayed the whole way through""Are you ready for the end!?""*This last mission can only be completed in single player**Looks at friend*""Now I've had.. The time of my life, And I owe it all to you~""Very fun game would recommend playing with atleast 1-2 more people. Makes for some crazy night adventures."
,Recommended,239140,20055667,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Walzlo,"great game. if you liked Dead Island and mirrors edge, well, this is the game for you. You can get into everything and the zombies are fun to kill you should buy it"
76561198202941449,Recommended,239140,20202764,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SPERRY7705,i recommend because if you never done parkour and you want the fell and killing zombies this is your game
76561198098510955,Recommended,239140,20816349,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nautic,"I played a lot of zombie games, watched few movies. This game has really good scientific background about zombie. I haven't seen like that. I really recommend this game. Play it and be surprised."
76561198006690931,Recommended,239140,17375550,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JTrill_TRAPGOD,"I loved this game! If you like Borderlands or the original Dead Island you will like this game. It's fun exploring, killing and crafting. The wrestling moves are also hysterical. When you play with friends and just drop kick zombies it is so funny. I loved it a lot. I'd definitely buy this game again. As of right now I'm just waiting for more expansive DLC or campaign/areas."
,Recommended,239140,20218271,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,street,"A very nice game of Dead Island + parcour. Whereas Dead Island was a funny cross between serious theme + sillyness, Dying Light is more on the scary and heart thumping side.The game has a day/night cycle: The day time is no biggie after you get some of your parcouring skills upgraded, but dear lord the night time gives me adrenaline rushes that games rarely manage to give nowadays. During the night the zombies are stronger, more plentiful in number, and you have superzombies that are VERY VERY FAST and will hunt you if they catch your scent.At the moment of writing, I've only played 10 hours, so I don't know how long the novelty will last, but at least until now I've really liked the game flow, small but significant skill upgrades, the graphics, everything."
,Recommended,239140,20209458,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ceddaj,This is a great game with what seems like one bad thing with the multiplayer being only accessable once you complete the prologue nd if the person joining your game hasn't done it then hes already behind in the levels of the agility etc
,Recommended,239140,20206403,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Khan,"Dying Light is quite a fun game, but has its downsides. Killing zombies is always fun of course. The most exciting bit is going out at night, when there are more of the bigger dangerous zombies outside. It actually is kinda scary being chased by a quick and strong zombie in the night, with almost no vision.The parkour abilities that you can use are also quite nice.However, the story is a bit dull and becomes quite boring. The game also becomes quite repetitive. Killing zombies, clearing safezones and running from one mission location to the next, is pretty much all you do.If you're looking for a game to spend a lot of time on, Dying Light is probably going to get too boring for that."
,Recommended,239140,20206822,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dūmlūpe,"This is how a zombie survival game should be done. It makes the inevetably repetitive action of slashing/avoiding zombies fun and tactical, and the story's not too bad either. Plus, the game world is very detailed and there are lots of fun easter eggs hidden around for you to find.There are however some moments which I feel can quickly become tedious or frustrating. At later levels, fast running ""viral zombies"" will spawn almost constantly, and will chase you across the entire map while screaming their lungs out (and I do mean SCREAMING. The damn things don't shut up!) Additionally, I feel that night, which the game advertises as being very dangerous, is difficult for all the wrong reasons. Namely, the fact that it's exactly the same as daytime except for the addition of extremely fast zombies with a huge aggro range and an instant kill attack, which is not so much a danger as it is a massive annoyance."
,Recommended,239140,20235817,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Amln,This is a great gameif u looking to play first-person  zombie game best chose
76561198031261053,Recommended,239140,19222863,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,TTjunior,"Super game. One of the best games i have ever played, buy it you wont regret it"
,Recommended,239140,20833584,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Theofils,a good game :D
,Recommended,239140,20658663,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Meme Lord,"This game taught me, if mama ain't happpy, ain't nobody happy.This game also raised my smart level to 10."
76561198104834708,Recommended,239140,20621045,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,mecho,"What do i think to Dying Light? thats a tough one, Dying light suffers from doing certain things great and others not so. Firstly the weapon selection is pretty broad giving a good variety of options each with there own distinct advantages and disadvantages allowing you to adapt you own tactics. On the other hand later on in the game these weapons become incredibly overpowered allowing you to decapitate most zombies in one blow which in my opinion removes the survival aspect from a survival horror game due to you being able to smackdown a large group of zombies easily enough.Another problem is the storyline it's not easy to be able to create a story for a zombie game but this one is incredibly cliche especially the ending which looked like something from a James Bond movie this ties in with the boss battles none of these battles are particularly trickyMinus the last hate quicktime eventsi like to be challenged in a boss fight and genuinely worried about my character dying in them not just a few well placed attacks and then over with.The night is probably one of the better parts of this game as you geniunely feel like your the prey and being hunted you have to carefully plan moves and avoid contact with zombies in order to stay alive until later on in the game you genuinely struggle to escape from the volatiles and if you do escape you are often wounded. The parkour offers an interesting experience at first allowing for some thrilling chase scenes however it quickly becomes tiresome especially towards end game and due to the fact that running on streets is usally not possible making for a slow travelling experience.Quests aren't too bad they have some variety however you eventually become drawn into the typical go here collect this quests which become tiresome after awhile, random survivors and drops are interesting side missions that you can complete however upon completion you don't really gain much satisfaction from them with rewards you don't get a visual reward from collecting drops and  survivors disappear after you've helped them or walk straight into a horde of zombies and get butchered.I may sound overly negative in my review but i don't dislike this game it has it's good points and also bad points there is hope that a sequel will deliver a better game what i would like to see is better character development, tougher gameplay (i.e more balanced) improved storyline and more scares i recommend this game but im not totally sold on it, it provides a different experience for a zombie game rating wise it's probably a 6.5 out of 10 room for improvement but a decent enough game."
,Recommended,239140,19695328,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RogueInvictus,Gang Violence Simulator 2015 meets zombieland.11/10
76561198004784173,Recommended,239140,20635527,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BATMAN,"Soooo, this game, HOLY CRAP, I haven't fully fallen in love with a game in years. One of the first to absolutely consume my time was mirrors edge on the xbox 360. This game is mirrors edge blended with an open world zombie survival scenario. This game does an incredible job of making you feel like you're an actual survivor and the side missions to just help survivors in Harran made me feel like i was actually a part of their community. I wasn;t just going to get meds or bandages for quest points but because MY people needed them. If I could help i would.The story line is full of intrigue and multiple twists and turns. Loved every minute of it so far but not out of the quarantine zone yet! Anyways all in all this game blends, survival in the form of combat, running, parkour, crafting, helping other survivors and trying to just not die. Cause ya... that happens more than i'd like to admit. Alot of the time from my horrible parkour skills and falling from high up. Also the volatiles and different types of zombies are badass. for the first 10-15 hours of gameplay i wouldn't leave safezones at night. First real game to fray my nerves in years while also making me feel like a badass running around the streets of Harran. Night running is now an amazingly satisfying experience! :D well that's my rambling on this AMAZING GAME! If you liked mirrors edge but wanna bash some zombie brains, get this game, you won't regret it."
76561197970552253,Recommended,239140,20697962,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kurith,"Hated Dead Island, love this game. If you're on the fence because of Techland's record with Dead Island, let it go. This game is fantastic.+Melee combat is hugely satisfying and extremely visceral.+Crafting and modding is greatly improved.+Over all atmosphere is incredible. Great sounds and visuals.+Great risk vs. reward - nights are very dangerous but offer you enticing rewards.+Great replayability (New Game+)+Parkour aspect is surprisingly well done (I had my doubts). Only a few times I've died missing a ledge I should have grabbed.+Co-op!-Story sucks but I don't play these kinds of games for the story.-Voice acting is mediocre, better than some games but a lot of cliche lines."
76561198077425430,Recommended,239140,20727735,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ViRuS,"Are yoa a zombie fan? Do you like to kick ppl of the rooftoops,slice you'r way cross a field of blood? Then look no further this is the game for you.Open world game with tone of biters to kill. Rimind's me of LFD2 :)"
,Recommended,239140,20620704,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MR,fun game
76561198129158199,Recommended,239140,20226982,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Madou,only played a bit and i loved this game a lot
,Recommended,239140,20229114,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MR_Smiley2300,you fall from skyget taken inlearn parkourMoral of the gameSolid 5/7
,Recommended,239140,18200945,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,csgobounty.com casejar.com,1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectors
,Recommended,239140,14203658,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PacificES.net | SvnK7 #샤샤샤,Parkour + Zombies? Who wouldn't love to play this game.Although you'll need a pretty decenty up-to-date to play this game without lag
76561198154083522,Recommended,239140,25401847,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ANIMAL-MOTHER,This is a real class game!Plays and looks so well congrats to the developersfor making a brilliant game its not often I feelI get my value for money but with this game Icertainly do - and then some..9.9/10
,Recommended,239140,30863180,Posted: 31 March,all,Lion89_,"So far so great. Really having fun and I have just started the game. It seems the developers really cared about this game and put their heart into it. In return, everyone receives a great game."
,Recommended,239140,21184329,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Chazy-Chaz,This is an AWESOME GAME...ENHANCED EDITION for free! << ( detail )...10/10...Everything's fine about this game!
,Recommended,239140,14226035,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Aesu,"Oh that first night I spent outside really was terrifying... Great game, if you are in for some suspension horror / action / lots of running / awesome graphics and smooth moves this is the right game for you!Some bugs exist but I am sure they will be patched out soon enough :)"
,Recommended,239140,14204982,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Deadly Ramon,"A zombie apocalypse game that feels a lot like Dead Island with a touch of Metro:2033/Last Light thrown in for good measure.  The crafting (both weapons and attachments called ""upgrades"") has numerous (I'd guess dozens) of recipes, the NPCs appear to have some semblance of personality, and the protagonist has just enough mystery to keep the player wanting to advance in the story and learn exactly why his character has been parachuted into the zombie infection's ground zero.PROS:many crafting choiceslush graphicsvarious zombies (from typical shufflers to giant tanks to agile jumpers, from what I've seen so far)skill trees with many different branches for more personalized character statistical developmentlore inspires me to read the various notes and minute details rather than ignoring them to get to the next levelCONS:checkpoint save systemnot very original; too derivative of Dead Island and the Metro gamesThere is certainly a glut of zombie games, but this one has just enough of a twist to distinguish it from most if not all others.  I am enjoying my gaming sessions, each several hours in duration, and thus feel that the full price I paid for this newly released top tier title wasn't wasted."
76561197965341494,Recommended,239140,21467828,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,KrAzIeMaN,Love the Game. And if anyone is interested i have Two copies for trade/Sale... :D
,Recommended,239140,21376756,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Max Of 32 Letters For A Name,Didnt know i owned it but i guess i do.
,Recommended,239140,21351437,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[LF] Jackalus,"THis game is a lot of fun, get it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,239140,24610046,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SER POUNCE,Do you enjoy ripping the limbs of zombies to shreads with a machete or an axe?Do you enjoy bludgeoning the skullls of zombies with baseball bats and wrenches?How about all of these weapons crafted with electric and flames to make zombies explode into a burning electrified mush on the ground.Well you can do all of these things and many many more.The free flowing parkour movement combined with the satisfying combat in this game are so good I don't think there is currently an open world FPS game that beats it.9/10
,Recommended,239140,19692821,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ozunu_Ninja,it's like an improved dead island game with parkour elements in a different settingPros-Nice story (It is a zombie game so don't expect 2 much new stuff storywise altho it had some rly cool fun moments         that u never saw in other zombie games)-Normal and mutated zombies-NIGHT MODE! Special night zombies-3 things to lv up each with own tree skills-Parkour and other challenges-Nice setting-EPIC easter eggs/secrets-Rly nice map to explore/have fun/Free run-Co op/be the zombie-Unique chars and side missions to do-WORKSHOP! WHOOCons?-Personally no cons-Some ppl might get bored with the story cos most of the story is as said usual zombiescenario and stuff like that
,Recommended,239140,24260236,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,mulholland,"I must admit two things: I love zombie, fps and survival games (that was the first ;)) AND I never really got satisfied with Dead Island (this game's predecessor). I really thought Dead Island sucked because of one single thing - the zombies were always just 'hanging out', never storming you like in Left 4 Dead. So, I held off buying this game over a year believing it would suck. Oh my, how wrong I was...! I'm one of the ""few"" people who played Mirror's edge - it flopped - but I loved it. The parkour in that game was pretty fun and new compared to other games at the time. It still is, but now you have it in Dying Light, and although a little hard at times, It makes for great exploration, visuals, navigation and escape routes! The fact that you level up in the game and get more abilities slowly makes the game better and you feel your character evolve. The story is pretty standard (with some cool missions, but many 'fetch' missions too), but the fact that you have factions within the city is pretty interesting as you get to interact with them throughtout the game. Variety in zombies also makes it fun, and the night/day cycle ramps the difficulty of the game tremendously. Especially I appreciat the coop-mode, and that was the only reason I actually bought it, to find another game to play with some friends. And have had a blast playing throught the campaign together. We're currently only 24% after 20 hours of play, so we have a lot to look forwards too. The game is very heavy in grinding, so you have to love it to love the game. Anyways, I just have to tell you this game is awesome. I bought it at 50% discount and it is worth the money and more! I even enjoy playing this single player, but I try not to play it too much as I'm having so much fun playing with my friends. :)"
76561197993220997,Recommended,239140,22705959,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mynicknameforawhile,"The game system is the BEST among first person shooter games I have ever played, and this is why I recommend to play this game.  You are now not blocked by irrational surroundings, like other games, in the quarantine of Harran.However, the main story is the WORST.  You cannot choose how to behave through the main storyline.  The main character does not behave as an experienced agent, a professional, but an ignorant ten-years-old boy.  The last fight was the worst moment in my some decades computer gaming experience.  There is no feeling of accomplishment or satisfaction when you defeat your nemesis.However, free-running in the urban settings is a totally new experience, and in overall, there is no doubt that you can enjoy parkouring the city of Harran."
,Recommended,239140,30802279,Posted: 28 March,all,David,"I don't know why it says I own the following enhanced edition. But I don't  actually own any of the dlc. Strong advertising. Great game, havent played the DLC. My only qualms is I purchased Dying Light >THE FOLLOWING< Enhanced edition, but it wants me to pay 20 bucks to actually own >THE FOLLOWING<strong advertising"
,Recommended,239140,24393867,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Onyx,It's ok
,Recommended,239140,14975374,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Asaph,"Excellent game enjoyed it very much. With all the content considered it’s a great value.I'm editing this review as I'm kinda shocked this is all I wrote about a game I spent a lot of time playing.Pace:I love the fact this game can be played in a really fast pace, running and jumping stringing togther all those parkur(?) movments is very stasfying.Story:The story is soild in my eyes even if I wish there was more of it and more characters I could care about instead of a lot of random missions.Weapons:Nothing ground breaking or espically imaginative which could be considrered a strong point since they are solid and ""do the work"" in a stasfying manner.Zombies:I like the range of zombies/monsters in this game, I wish you could have more ways of engaging or avoiding them that would feel more immersive.This game will have you running scared at times until you are able to conquer your fear the master a few mechanincs.Overall great game! highly recommended!"
76561198043028059,Recommended,239140,15369642,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Sith,A great game!
,Recommended,239140,15001650,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MeatBuckler,"SO far the best action zombie game going.even worth the full price tag, but hey, if you can get it cheaper: do it."
,Recommended,239140,15301090,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,NakedSpaceMan,"If you liked either Dead Island or Mirror's Edge, buy this game.At first when this game was announced I just thought it was Dead Island but with some parkour running. Okay, it kinda is but it's executed so well. The parkour is my most favorite part of the game. It takes everything that Mirror's Edge did and refines it to actually make things even more fun. Even the combat is much improved over it's Dead Island cousin. While the first few hours is kinda a tiny bit too hard but after a few side missions and getting a few perks, it's so much fun. I even love the crafting system. Dead Island's was so boring and I never used it because the process was so unnecessarily convoluted.All in all, if you wanna play a zombie game that has the fun of Mirror's Edge with the action of Dead Island, get this game. Especially since it has mod support. Playing with a survival mod is so much fun. And you actually can scavenge for stuff, unlike in DayZ."
,Recommended,239140,18269932,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Shtoparrik,kicked a toolbox on top of an apartpment building 50 times. got the blueprint to a developer's weapon10/10 would kick toolbox again
76561198051266620,Recommended,239140,18173815,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ValhallaRuckus,Good game.
,Recommended,239140,14216470,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,El Zebaoth,"Really excellent sequel to the original Dead Island series. The game is flat out gorgeous. There have been some glitches on surfaces, but overall it runs smoothly, even when in multiplayer. The coop is great. Too many people trying to be the zombie currently. It can make nights last forever, but you earn huge exp for it. Also it's easy to win as the survivors if you keep you cool. I have won 7 of 8 matches with just two people.Gameplay mechanics function pretty closely to the Dead Island series in terms of combat. There are no specializations with characters anymore however and just a universal skill tree. The movement is really one of the high points for myself. It is a HUGE world and you are free to roam wherever you please. It's not like some sandbox games where it's ""open"" but 3/4 of the map is blocked off and you can't access it or you have only certain routes you can take to locations. This is truly a game where you can go anywhere you can reach.The sound is used very well in the game. You hear them approaching, the screams in the distance, and the dread of rushing volatiles or hunters really gets you going. The in game chat is the low point currently as there is no controls over adjusting volume or push to talk. The sound does help with the appropriate dread you should feel.Lastly, that previously mentioned dread is what I think was really missing from the Dead Island series. I was never really scared or anxious the whole time I played them. You will panic the first nightfall. You will forget how to climb when you are cornered. It will be awesome."
76561198070101251,Recommended,239140,19052307,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Scrotum,"Produced by Techland, the same company that made the Dead Island franchise, which is a truly engaging multiplayer experience, Dying Light is a brilliant game that has the same coop fun and zombie mayhem that Dead Island has brought, alongside beautiful graphics, fluid animations and interesting characters.Another great thing about the game is its emphasis on free running. which was extremely entertaining to do while on missions and other various activities. The various gamemodes including Be The Zombie is also fun to play and integrates well with the campaign gameplay.Definitely recommend this game, especially if you plan to play it coop. It has great replayability due to its coop and exploration/free running aspects, around 50+ hours of gameplay here.Graphics 9/10Sound 7/10Gameplay 9/10Replayability 8/10Final 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,18172842,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,SYLAS,"Amazing game, by far one of the greatest zombie games to lead the future gen of zombie games. Amazing story, gameplay & graphics.""DO NOT GO GENTLE INTO THAT GOOD NIGHT.""Do not got alone at night. Take a friend with you."
76561197969328582,Recommended,239140,18172927,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Repooc,"Superb, open world, loads to do, lots of weapons, excellent parkour system, and lots of high places to jump from :-)"
76561198059791889,Recommended,239140,18201799,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lordjoro,"This is a fair game that you can play and have fun with both online and offline. I personaly played it with one of my friends and had a wonderful time doing so. The story is fair, the gameplay is solid and fun and the graphics are nice. I whould say that this game is worth paying full price for.8.9/10 - the dead island that should have been"
76561198018669948,Recommended,239140,18328592,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JohnEst,"Dying light is one of those really good games that added a little DLC that completely ruined it.  This DLC happens to be called the BOZAK HORDE.  It offers a bow that I really want and I am not the type of person to quit something, so when I started playing this DLC I couldnt quit it until I finished it.  If you're the type of person who commits to tasks in that manner, don't even pay for this game.  Yeah it's fun, up until you take 2 years off of your life from the pure stress and anger you hold in, and nearly throw your computer off of a balcony because of some POORLY DESIGNED, CHEAPLY DONE, SICKENINGLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC!  If you do decide to get the game, don't play the Bozak Horde, just accept there is no such thing as a bow in Dying Light.  Accept it or be prepared to have a REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gaming experience. But yeah, the main body of the game is great, you just have to remove that bit of cancer first."
,Recommended,239140,18167576,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bigby Wolf,Crane : AwesomeDaylight Zombie : UglyNight Zombie : Ugly
76561198188237067,Recommended,239140,18525895,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zoozless,You Can kick the zombie's face!!! AWESOME!!! :D
,Recommended,239140,18886572,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ωRice,launched myself over an infected right off a ♥♥♥♥ing bridge and died 10/10
76561198114331466,Recommended,239140,18927436,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,iWasAdopted,lush
,Recommended,239140,18943425,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Electus Bellator,"Slight spoilers ahead, nothing that will ruin the game for you though.Let me start out by saying I thought the game was going to be crap, I saw a lot of bad reviews and was kind of disheartened by all of the launch issues the game had. Which is why I waited until it was a decent sale price to buy it. I also thought that this game was just going to be dead Island with parkour. That was not the case.Pros: The game is really fun, there's actually a lot of content there between the main story and all of the side quests that can be done. You need to hunt down and collect blueprints for better weaponry, level up alot, so I suggest doing side quests rather than just rushing through the story. The game is amazing fun cooperative with friends way more so than Dead Island and it just feels more like a zombie apocalypse situation whereas there's hordes of zombies rather than scattered zombies, you feel like you need to avoid them rather than just running them and bash each one's head in. The special zombies are a challenge and if you're stuck at night out running the night time zombies is a serious rush it's pretty fun.Cons: Where a downside to it is the story seems a lot like Resident Evil where its a company making a biological weapon and trying to keep it under wraps by hiring specialized agents to contain the situation a lot like Umbrella Corporation. The boss fight at the end is just a quick time event...  I mean fighting Rais's right hand man was more of a challenge then the actual boss fight with Rais himself.Overall I give the game an 8 out of 10 and the only reason it doesn't get a higher rating is because the story just seems like a typical zombie story and the boss fight was utterly disappointing it felt like a console boss fight. Hope my review help you out"
,Recommended,239140,19653398,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Spuderman is fake,very gud zambies 8/8viery gud graphichs 8/8 console peasant's wouldn't believegameplay 8/8 better than tetrisgaben is not in this game 0/11exploding barrels 9/11overall- 11/10
,Recommended,239140,19452331,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MANA,"This game has a lot going for it:It is possibly the best implementation of Parkour in a video game yet.Has a brilliant first person melee combat system.An experience system that actually makes logical sense, in that you get better at combat, movement and survival skills, by using said combat movement and survival skills.More or less interesting story (not immune from cliches, however).Co-op is great.Online multiplayer is refreshing and fun, but tends to be one-sided depending on how many people there are on Team HumansOn the down side:The grappling hook. The damned grappling hook. Very powerful, yes, but takes almost all realism out of what is otherwise an honest Parkour system. And the second map basically requires that you use it, due to the distance between and height of buildings. The developers really did not find a novel way of enabling you to overcome the maps' verticallity.Repetition. Unlike every other zombie game ever, it gets repetitive (Wait, there's something wrong with that statement). There is the typical Left4Dead variety of zombie types, and you eventually become overpowered with an array of deadly and easy-to-acquire weapons, taking most of the difficulty out of the game.Long story short, get it during Steam Summer Sale, and enjoy drop kicking zombies to watch them fly six stories to the ground."
,Recommended,239140,19452681,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,johnsman,i like
76561197967723806,Recommended,239140,19472534,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,So Immersed,"Dying Light is an excellent game, Ahmed was wrong. :D"
,Recommended,239140,20880691,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Zeregor,"Amazing Game, good game play, being able to parkour all over the place adds a great deal of enjoyment to the game."
,Recommended,239140,27913751,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wickwire,best zombies game ever ! scary as hell during the night and really beautiful during the day ! I recommend this game to every zombie fan you won't be disappointed.
76561198318798137,Recommended,239140,33598722,Posted: 16 July,all,Stat̕T᷃rak̦™ͧ ̀Ca͜ncer,"Very good game, has pleny of content to keep the game fresh and the co op system is very good."
,Recommended,239140,33577874,Posted: 15 July,all,steww,"Played both campaigns solo, really enjoyed the atmosphere and the open-world parkour. There are a ton of side quests to do and the main campaign was really fun and never felt like a drag."
,Recommended,239140,33551630,Posted: 14 July,all,Moby The Duck,"Dying Light is basically Dead Island's spiritual sequel.It feels both familiar and fresh for those who played Dead Island before, but I wouldnt say its either better or worse than Dead Island was, since I liked both for different reasons.Pros:+Parkour system. Its fun to just run around and break your own legs, or find ways to run around, climb a building, jump and explode some zombie skull like a watermelon. There are a lot of options on how to run and get to wherever you want.+The level up system is quite unique, but simple. You parkour to get parkour skills, kill to get kill skills and help people to get skills to help yourself. The DLC also adds the driving skill, which is mostly unlocks new stuff to craft for your buggy.+The side quests are fun and feel different from each other, even if some are fetch/kill quests.+The map is well made, there are a lot of places to explore and climb.+Night time is pretty intense due the strong zombies that show up. Its fun at first, but eventually just gets in the way and you will just wait until morning so you can run around without 10 zombies chasing you.+Zombies feel like zombies. Its really easy to get swarmed if you dont pay attention, but they are not much of a threat if you know what you are doing.+Lots of weapons to get and use.+Firearms are far better than they were in Dead Island, although they dont have upgrades or modifications like they did.Cons:-Combat is far less tight than it was on Dead Island. It doesnt feels as powerful nor as satisfying.-Ledge grabbing is random. You dont know if you will grab the ledge, if you will hit an invisible wall, if the game will fail to notice there was a ledge or if you will jump right after grabbing due mashing jump to grab the ledge.-Two handed weapons. While in Dead Island you could flail two handed weapons around, in Dying Light you can only do that with one handed weapons. Two handed weapons are slow, have a lenghty recover time after each swing that blocks your kick attack and it doesnt gives that much attack power over one handed weapons. They are better for big groups of zombies, but by the time you manage to swing once, you either get grabbed by a zombie or would have done a better job with one handed weapons.-Thrown weapons also suck. Both the 'thrown' category and throwing your actual melee is terrible. Thrown weapons have low damage, are hard to find, take precious inventory slots, barely fly a few meters ahead of you and take too many to kill one zombie. Throwing your actual melee weapon does more damage, but good luck finding it after the throw.You are better just stacking grenades that can kill several zombies with only one than getting several stacks of thrown weapons that can only kill a handful of zombies.-Modding and upgrading weapons is far worse than it was on Dead Island. On Dead Island, every upgrade gave the same attack bonus (5%), didnt matter if it was the starting upgrades or the late game ones. The difference was that the late upgrades had better effects and crit status.On Dying Light, some upgrades give from 10% to 40% damage bonus, making a lot of upgrades worthless.-Status effects are not as good as they were in Dead Island. Burning and shocking zombies dont affect them as much, in fact, burning zombies are even more annoying to kill. Status effects most of the time damage you more than the zombies.-No limb breaking. One of the best features from Dead Island was to break zombies limbs, making them flail around harmlessly and giving you new ways to fight big zombies.-Virals AKA ""Pain in my♥♥♥♥♥quot; or ""Stop having fun"". They are basically fast zombies that show up when there are loud noises. The problem is that a LOT of stuff causes loud noises. Shot a gun? Swarmed. Grenade? Swarmed. Hit a zombie's head too hard? Swarmed.Sometimes they decide to show up for no reason and it gets REALLY annoying to have to kill them or they will chase you around for a while. Doesnt helps that there are TWO kinds of exploding zombies, which aside the explosive damage always cause 3-6 virals to spawn.-Special zombies are meh. While in Dead Island they required special ways to be defeated (big zombie -> break the arms, charger zombie -> hit his back), in Dying Light its all about 'stay away and shoot them with your bow'.Dodging attacks is random, even if you dodged to far away, they sometimes still hit and send you flying. Special zombies are also not affected by status, so you cant send one into space with an impact hammer like in Dead Island.- In 'The Following', parkour is underused. The map is a big plain, so you will use the buggy to go around. The parkour sections are mostly 'where the hell do I climb' parts, which can be skipped with the grappling hook.I havent touched the PvP, but I've heard there are a lot of cheaters, so it might be for the best.I'd say Dying Light is a great game and if you liked Dead Island but wanted it to be more realistic, its something you should check, since we might not ever get Dead Island 2."
76561198071569162,Recommended,239140,28247015,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MustacheSlayer,"this game is amazing, the story is bland and full of copy/paste characters, but the amazing parkour and combat more than makes up for it"
76561198034210176,Recommended,239140,28258433,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DK,"Wow! One of the best games I have ever played. I love zombie themed games and this is basically FarCry 3 with Zombies (seriously I'm convinced the devs from Dying Light used the same engine as there were features that I've absolutely seen in both games). An absolute must play. 10/10Pros- Story and cutscene animations are excellent- Gorgeous (or should I say disgusting?) artwork really helps with the vibe- The Parkour is some of the most fun part of the game- Weapons are fantastic- RPG elements unlock new features at a good pace- Game world is huge with lots of in-game content that will let you keep playing long after the main storyline is over- The night missions help you never feel quite safe even when your character is overpowered- The Following episode adds the buggy. Running over zombies is more fun than I would like to admit.- The game is not overly frightening but the engine can randomly produce some decent jump scaresCons- The later The Following episode had a number of ""soft"" ledges where the character would miss grabbing on to something that the skin made look grabbable. This led to quite a few annoying deaths during high climbs.- The Bozak's horde extra missions had a great idea but the save system annoyed me to the point that I decided not to finish them.- Eventually your character becomes so overpowered that killing zombies can become almost a nuisance- Besides adding missions, once a safe zone is unlocked it didn't have much more to offer than a safe place to sleep and/or sell stuff. I felt this was a missed opportunity as I would have loved to see some base building or defense elements included in the game."
,Recommended,239140,28242667,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Troy,"Bought this game so I had something co-op to play with my sister. Ended up glued to my seat until I had my daily fill. I don't care for the pvp but the game itself and it's co-operative multiplayer is very satisfying. I also enjoy that noone can steal my loot! The parkour took me awhile to get down but once you understand it, it's second nature. I enjoyed this game a lot and it's worth it's price in my opinion."
,Recommended,239140,14316633,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dapper,"It took me ~13 hours gameplay to complete the game without any side missions. There is a new game+ for after which makes the game harder, etc, etc.The game is very solid and has satisfiying gameplay. It isn't everyday that you get to slice a zombie in half with an electric sword.The movement is on point and didn't have any issues with the game. It allows you do get where you want and do what you want.I would reccomend this game to people who like zombie games, solid story lines and parkour.I would rate a solid 9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,239140,32395594,Posted: 13 June,all,Leech,Probably the only Parkour-Zombie game that actually works. Even smoother than MEdge or even ACreed!
76561198079344456,Recommended,239140,15764955,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,PlaidPlatypus,"This is one of my favorite games. It's full of things to do, and the air drops are always very fun to find. The open world map is really fun to explore. The graphics are amazing, and the zombies are really realistic. I really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,239140,29756083,Posted: 6 February,all,Stefanes,"Great game, wide open world and full of places to explore, easy to use and very rewarding crafting system, perfect performance, without any optimization problems whatsoever, the story is kinda meh but the ending is cool, The Following DLC is like another game, will you never have a time where you don't have something to do, graphics are beautiful, this is basically a rare gem, especially on sale.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,239140,33569745,Posted: 15 July,all,--,"I'll go with a classic Pros & Cons review on Dying LightPros- GRAPHICSVery beautiful and atmospheric though the water textures could use some work since Techland never seems to get it right. In Dead Island the water looked like low-res♥♥♥♥♥♥and so did it in Riptide and Dying Light too.- OSTDefinitely one of this game's strongest points. What can i say, it's a mix between 80s horror synthwave in the daytime and eerily unsettling dark ambient during the night gameplay. Already bought the soundtrack on a disc, that should tell you that it's quite a hell of a soundtrack.- GOREIf this wasn't primarily a zombie game, i bet there would be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of controversy on the gore, but then again nobody really gives a ♥♥♥♥ about anything these days plus you can mutilate the human enemies exactly the same as you can with zombies, but ehh... they're pretty rare anyway. Also, weirdly enough there are child zombies that you can very much hack and slash to your soul's content, but nobody gave a ♥♥♥♥ about that either...- STEALTHWhile Dead Island focused primarily on overwhelming power to even the odds since neither parkour nor even basic climbing existed, in Dying Light you can instead utilize a fluid parkour system and by doing so you can basically evade 95% of the enemies throughout the game. Also, i'll definitely want to mention how well the stealth system works against human NPCs too, yet it's never specified or even mentioned in-game, the few enemy outposts the game throws at you throughout the campaigin and The Following are perfectly viable to do by stealth and the human enemies actually have somewhat complex emotional state AI evident by their reaction dialogue and the minimap icons, grey blips standing for unaware, yellow for curious/suspicious and finally red blips for alerted and that's also when the dynamic action music pops up!Special thanks to Techland for including a fully working stealth system in Dying Light!Cons- Lack of gun modifications,Sure, the game's melee-focused, but it would have been nice to have reflex sights, silencers, scopes, lasers and all kinds of cool additions to the firearms which i personally use the most since they don't break.- STORYFirst i'd want to say that i very much enjoy the fact you hired Roger Craigh Smith AKA Chris Redfield (Ironic, isn't it?) as the protagonist (Or as one of them in the earlier build/concept) and his voice performance is great as always, but the story itself is boring, cliche and the main antagonist is so much of a generic bad guy that i could practically read his mind. Also, when Jade died, did honestly anybody gave a ♥♥♥♥? The game was trying to be all emotional and touching, but it's hard to feel for a character who you barely even get to see in the game.- NIGHTMARE MODEWhile yes, it's a great way to gain XP fast, which is the only reason i played on it and still am, but for different reasons now. There are good tweaks to roughen up the challenge in NM like removing the FOV cones from volatiles and night walkers or the fact your medkits now progressively heal you instead of the OP instant heal, but then there are the bad tweaks that completely ♥♥♥♥ing break the pace and not to mention the relative realism of the game and that is the bulletsponge enemies and the disabled headshots. I mean i get it how it would be too easy to just headshot every single bulletsponge zombie now and it's somewhat justifiable by the fact that they are zombies and they probably don't need their whole brain to function, but what about the human enemies? They're just as ♥♥♥♥ing bad bullet/meleesponges as zombies and with them, there's not even a justifiable reason for this! Why the hell do human beings now survive countless headshots and treat fireaxe and katana strikes like they were tickles? Ah.. ♥♥♥♥ it... the 20x XP at night makes up for everything..- VEHICLESI'm too ♥♥♥♥ing tired to type anymore so i'm just gonna say that i enjoyed the cars in Dead Island and were disappointed by the fact they didn't exist in this... though at least we got the buggy in The FollowingOverall 9/10 game... buy it or torrent it, i don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥Good Job Techland!"
,Recommended,239140,30844506,Posted: 30 March,all,coltonk9043,"I would recommend this game a million times over. The exploration in the game is almost limitless. The story is amazing and has many twists and turns. The DLC for this game is also amazing, it's like a whole new game!"
76561198008325037,Recommended,239140,21753529,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,enzYm,9/10 fantastic game!Insanely good gameplay. Satisfying leveling and upgrading - game rewards you for taking detours and scouting places encouraging you to look around.You find yourself running through a very big open world with tons of places to explore.At first you feel weak and weapons do next to no damage but after you took your time leveling up your gear and skill you slice through zombies like butter.All in all the game feels well balanced and is generally extremely fun to play.But damn the main story sucks.... its so freaking bad I have no words XDThe DLC story on the other hand was really interesting and fun to experience.
,Recommended,239140,33573108,Posted: 15 July,all,SpeedyGT,"Highlights of Dying Light- Clicked install ""80% of Story mode complete""- Plays co-op- Friend kills me with grenade- Friend makes me apologize for them killing me- Credits"
,Recommended,239140,15017652,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,BRICK SQUAD KingBepis,10/10 Should play!!!
,Recommended,239140,33524342,Posted: 13 July,all,Hotdogs Johnson,"Possibly the best zombie open world out there, great gameplay, great graphics, great crafting and weapon handling. Small community but nice, some cheaters around but they don't ruin the game. Story isn't its strong point, but it's fair, not too bad. The DLC is also worth, adds a lot of content. It's an all around very good game, highly recommend it."
76561198016025993,Recommended,239140,14203513,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,kabooss,"So, got this game cause friends were. I has to be the best £40 i have ever spent. Fantastic game! running AMD the frames are pretty poor, but can still run well at 20-24 fps on med graphics.This game is Assassins creed and left for dead's baby, combining the free running parkour, and brutally destroying zombies with a pipe to the face."
,Recommended,239140,33583788,Posted: 16 July,all,Nazzzzhann,Great single-player and open world game eventhough the story is a bit linear. Good gameplay mechanics and the parkour movement is excellent.  Thumbs Up!
,Recommended,239140,17609069,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Purifier,This game right here is the sh*t. Pull out your parents' credit card and buy this right now.
76561197964015519,Recommended,239140,17583466,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,dickabod,pimp
76561197996135935,Recommended,239140,16075285,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Craftydragon,great game works really well
,Recommended,239140,17222587,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Lovemachine3000,"Good game, however the requirements aren't exactly true. I have a processor that is currently running at 3.8 ghz (so in the middle of minimum and reccomended) but i still gets moments where it freezes. Good game , just a little more taxing on the system than stated. And I know its the cpu because I was monitoring my cpu, gpu, and ram. If you've got the rig for it though, it's very fun."
76561198011362703,Recommended,239140,17229910,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,roddenii,"Robbing the dead has become my current mania. The graphics are beautiful. The game play is so smooth it almost takes the place of good beer. The seek and find for loot is great fun, and the better you get at running, jumping, climbing, the more fun it is to discover hidden places and hidden loot. I love the old-school Romero zombies. The music that pops up now and then is atmospheric; the sounds that pop up are frightening.  So take some time to kill zombies, loot them, and join the rest of us grave robbers."
,Recommended,239140,17232129,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AEORAGHZ,Oyun çok güzel parkur ve yaptığımız hareketler ve grafikler beni benden aldı :) Herkesin oynaması lazım. Sağlam oyun olmuş.Techland başarmış. :)Eksikleri-Harran'da geçiyor ama gökdelenler ?-Türkiye'de geçiyor ve 112 polis mi ?bu tür eksikleri var ama çok kafaya takmamak gerek :D
,Recommended,239140,17232160,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[NAR] Master Baiter,"When this game came out, it was almost unplayable due to all the bugs and optimization issues. Now almost everything is fixed.It's Dead Island with parkour and animated nights!I really enjoyed that game! I played it 36h for all main missions and side quests and I still have all the challenges and quarantine zones to do! For a game that came out in 2015, it's worth mentioning it!The story is very basic zombie/iinfected BS and very predictable but since when do you play a zombie game for the story?Highly recommended! A lot of online and solo fun in there!"
,Recommended,239140,17234231,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Chardet Hellcase.com,Awesome graphicsLittle bit scary at nightscan play with your friendsAND REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
,Recommended,239140,15983628,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,angrybookshelf,"Parkour: 8/10Graphics: 9/10Combat: 11/10Open World Freedom: 10/10Storyline: 7/10 - cliche, but so is pretty much every other zombie gameOverall 9/10, a great buy for anybody"
,Recommended,239140,17313738,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MadCapGippon,Bought some gold version of this game when it came out didnt get any dlc.Gud gaem but waste of mony 6/10
,Recommended,239140,17582953,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Trojan.win32\ROOT,"It is absolutely amazing. there can't be a negative review for this one. 10/10 The story is phenomenally good and VERY strong. the graphics are insanely good. the gameplay is absolutely fantastic. everything fits perfectly well together, amazing game, thank you Techland."
76561198115997843,Recommended,239140,17652047,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Natreeus,I really like this game. It's everything I had hoped it'd be and I'm very excited for the new DLC releases. This game is definately in my top 5 favorite games of all time.
76561198032632872,Recommended,239140,17823425,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,gr8rwarloc,"I love this game!  It is the best zombie game out right now.  It requires a modern PC to play, it looks awesome on my rig 4th gen core i5 + gtx770--not exactly state of the art.The weapon mods keep me playing and the real fun starts when you can go out at night and just kick♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239140,18184689,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,|R|E|D|,Good game 10/10  (DLC could be better have high hopes for the next one)
,Recommended,239140,20379834,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Bobby Hill,. See a zombie on roof. Blew a zombies head off with a German Pistol. Watched it walk off the roof and fall in a dumpster after loosing it's mind. Wish I had recording software. Cry myself to sleep
,Recommended,239140,28005493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sassy Kitty,"This Game is down right exhilarating and its exciting! It keeps you on your toes the whole time i am playing. I love that fact that its not just a killing zombie game, you have to parkour and survive the game! 10/10 will keep playing it!!"
,Recommended,239140,27904228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,蓮MuffinFox,"After the long time spent hoping for a game that involved smashing Zombies and a sense of humour this game satiated that desire.  The improvements over the Dead Island series in terms of fluidity of movement and combat are just incredible.  I wasn't expecting this game to become a great hit, I was expecting moderate success.  This game showed me up and the expansion was well worth it."
,Recommended,239140,31909826,Posted: 22 May,all,raciel2902,"I dont have to say much, this game explains by itself. Im only gonna say that this one really worth it!"
,Recommended,239140,23241042,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RJ Tha Mad Specialist,This is by far the best zombie game i have ever played!Would pay another 50 bucks for a big dlc like the following!Big promps to techland11/10
76561198154968823,Recommended,239140,18479628,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Snail,I played this game and instantly loved it. But I'll keep this review short and sweet. Basically the game play is amazing and well makes up for a few holes in the plot.
,Recommended,239140,32121135,Posted: 1 June,all,Jayro,"Buy this game. I wrote a HUGE review but the internet connection went down and i lost it, so just trust me: The pros largely outweight the cons."
76561198228138320,Recommended,239140,30966762,Posted: 5 April,all,lukeskywalker011503,This game is awsome. You like voilence? You like parcore? GET THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,239140,32513693,Posted: 17 June,all,Meeh,"Best parkour games ever,the story is very good and its very detailed game"
,Recommended,239140,32514228,Posted: 17 June,all,Smollik,amazing game to play woth friends on co op
76561198031859449,Recommended,239140,32513149,Posted: 17 June,all,go6oboreca,best game ever
,Recommended,239140,32518444,Posted: 17 June,all,Dream Dank®,"This game is so f****** awsome, i love it! The story is fun and doesn't feel too dull or boring. The open world is amazing, especially when enjoyed with friends. <33"
,Recommended,239140,32497679,Posted: 17 June,all,Tulsa,i think it a decent game and highly recomend it to many people.
76561198120941980,Recommended,239140,19005771,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,tibor.otvos76,I have to say this is one of the best game for oculus rift dk 2. (win 10+virtual desktop)
76561198067170147,Recommended,239140,19043086,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sally O'Malley,"Though I haven't come close to completing the game, I'm hopelessly addicted.   The graphics and sounds are gorgeous and scary.   It's like a great book:  I can't put it down but also don't want to finish it."
,Recommended,239140,19342210,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PrOzAc_UsEr,"Destroy bonesdestroy skullsdestroy everything in your pathstart from zero, and become a Killing machine.brutal and extraordinary cooperative online experience, with lots of fun, action and violence to another level.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,32564193,Posted: 19 June,all,BinxGamesandGuitar,"I've had the game for 3 days and I've got 43 hours in it already, and I have a job. This game is taking over my life lmao. If you like Assassins Creed, and Left for Dead, you'll probably love this game. And if you hate both of those, you'll still probably love this game. Just get the game. It's worth it. Don't spend that $60 on CoD:WWII. Don't do it. Spend it on this instead. It's so worth it."
,Recommended,239140,26795895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ghoul,"Play it alone it is good but, play it with a friend it becomes a GOD!!!!!!"
,Recommended,239140,20281120,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Conesy hellcase.com,"This game is incredibly fun and has tons to do so there is no possible way you can be bored. The freerunning experience, for me, was amazing and really in depth with how the mechanics ( the moves ) of Parkour in real life. As i am a Parkour and Freerunner enthusiast myself, when in multiplayer, the Parkour is really spot on. The whole experience is fantastic and i will be playing it over and over again. The only problem was that there isn't any PS4 and PC cross platform gameplay, whereas a friend of mine owns it on PS4 and we wanted to play together. Unfortunately, that was not possible, which was a little bit of a let down for such a perfect and practically flawless game. Anyway, the game is great, i would recommend buying it. Fantastic work!!"
,Recommended,239140,32568968,Posted: 19 June,all,Man of the Reversed Cross,Worth buying especially on steam sale.
,Recommended,239140,14677461,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Synapse,Dropkicking Simulator 2015.11/10
,Recommended,239140,28660742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,LuckyXIII,"Only played a few hours, but this is probably one of the cleanest, gorefilled, and spot on for zombie games I've played yet."
76561198140436980,Recommended,239140,28661007,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,baaadaaasss,"This is a very fun game. Probably one of my favorites ever, there is so much to do."
76561198118443512,Recommended,239140,14488201,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,THORS-HAMMR,"best game i have ever played, only complaint is the graphics are so good i have to turn down the details so i dont lag"
,Recommended,239140,29284613,Posted: 15 January,all,Kensei,"[Get it on sale - 50% or more. Get a full pack with all DLC]It started so well, but then it just peaked out and flatlined. Don't get me wrong, there is fun to be had here, but it's more in adrenaline doses than anything else. See, the game has an inherent level of catharsis to it, so it's hardly a surprise that slaughtering zombies is a novel idea. In fact, slaughtering anything in games is generally satisfying, especially when in hordes.However, don't expect Dead Rising levels of carnage, as the zombies here are a tad more diverse. The developers desided to go with the super slow zombies by day, super fast zombies by night, and the somewhere in the middle climbing zombies that spawn when you make too much noise. This, initially forces you to play very conservatively, as a few of those special zombos can quickly overpower your greenhorn♥♥♥♥♥♥ However as you progress in levels, and get better and better gear, it starts taking less and less hits to chop off a zombie head.That's when you start going from a zombie survivor to a zombie hunter. At that point, two distinct gameplay styles emerge. The daytime style is that if a king of the jungle. As the alpha male in the city, there is no creature that can challenge you, you simply decapitate everything that comes along your path. At nighttime however, things quickly change, as you no longer find yourself the predator at the top of the food chain, you'll be forced to save yourself by utilizing all your skills and equipment to escape from the clutches of death. Assuming you don't become prey, you'll get a solid boost of xp. This makes you actively seek being spotted, in order to capitalize on that sweet xp at dusk.Unfortunately none of this will last you for long. Despite the parkour system being one of the best I've ever seen in a first person game, it becomes obsolete as you progress through the levels. Once you get a grapling hook, scaling buildings becomes a pointless endeavor, since the hook is both faster and more convenient. It is so ridiculous not even batman would be allowed to use it. It's more like a reverse Scorpion ""get over here"" instead of a grappling hook. In fact, that's exactly what it is. Anyway, the point here is that at this stage, the game becomes incredibly boring. You have plenty of equipment and flares to escape night pursiut in a matter of seconds. You are basically an uncatchable prey at that stage. During daylight, you might as well be called Tarzan, because nothing can challenge you. Except the challenges, where said hook is disabled (the deves knew they broke their game, but still left it in).Things only go downhil from there, once you hit damage numbers of 500 and up, anything in your hand becomes an instagib weapon. You soon find the zombies being more of a nuisance than a problem. In fact, you will most likely only engage with them to pick an exposed police van's trunk to get some sweet weapons. Though that bit is also made pointless, since you can simply cover yourself in zombie guts and just go for a nice relaxing walk along the hordes of the dead.Speaking of weapons, there are some strange choices the devs have made regarding that. This game has the most useless, and pretty much insulting Bow mechanics I've seen in any game. Thief 2 had better bow mechanics. Thief ONE had better mechanics. But I digress. While the bow is certainly weird in that I can spit further than the arrows fly, it's at the very least useful for the fat guys. What I don't understand is how could they make explosives so useless. You have tomahawk throwing axes that behead zombies like levitating lawnmowers, but the highest grade bait grenade (think pipe bomb from L4D2) can't even kill the lowest of zombies. There is such a distinct parralel betwen L4D and this, that it has to be mentioned. Whereas in L4D there is a massive horde of zombies that get shredded by 1 item, the very same (mechanically) counterpart in Dying Light struggles to produce a respectable explosion or deal even a moderate amount of damage.At the other end of the spectrum, we have guns. These things are incredibely powerful, makes you think how the military lost the city in the first place. You can literally mow down hordes and hordes of zombies and henchmen with 1 magazine and an assault rifle.At any rate, despite these pretty much useless weapons, your arsenal still grows rather powerful over the course of the game. You soon become more interested of the night-time. You devise your own little traps for your hunters, slowly evolving from prey to predator. There isn't a point in the game where you can totally establish your dominance as the ""Can't touch me"" top of the food chain master slayer, but you do come pretty close to it. You really have to try to make the game challenging.Now obviously there are other difficulties, however with higher difficulties also comes better gear which deals ridiculous damage. And while the night is almost always a risk, given enough time and levels ups, even the highest difficuly will prove to be little challenge. To be fair though, if you play co-op, you have to play it on the harder settings, otherwise it's just a roflstomp. It feels nice when your friend has to watch your back while you pick a lock, not only for convenience, but because you can't just murder everything in a flash and then leisurely go about your business. At least not untill your reach legendary levels.The story is forgettable, cliche and bland. You will most likely end up disliking both the protagonist and the antagonist. At least I found both of them to be braindead. Maybe it's the zombie virus that got them, maybe the writing sucked, we'll never know.All in all the game becomes boring and pointless once you enter godmode. Look forward to flying over everything, jumping over zombies, rolling off some serious height drops with 0 damage and basically setting up your own challenges, mostly at night. Ultimately, this is a survival sandbox game that sufferes from the Far Cry syndrome. It quickly (or slowly, depending on difficuly) and infallibly turns from a ""save yoursel"" to ""find your own fun"". And when that happens in a game, I stop playing it, because I believe it's the game's job, more importantly the developer's job, to entertain me, not make me find my own entertainment. If that was the case, I'd be watching a movie.Despite my harshness, I will give this game a thumbs up, because it does provide a healthy initial dose of fun, especially in co-op. Just don't go in expecting the game to stick to you like The Witcher for example."
76561198003986851,Recommended,239140,17801631,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SuperSushi,Do you like pain?  Do you like being terrified.  Does the darkness in minecraft cause you to have shortness of breath.  If you said yes to all these.  THIS IS YOUR GAME!  I only ever played on hard and it is AWESOME!  Lots of different quest types.  Lots of events.  Lots of different ways to play.  The only negatives I have are this.  There are some bugs.  Not many and most are hilarious.  I wish you could be a Girl!  Boobs op.  Three and the most important one of all.  They have an outfit for JAMACA BEFORE DEUTSCHLAND!!!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!  Oh and the game can be overwhelming in the beginning.  That too.  Gl hf.
,Recommended,239140,17811508,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"Dying Light is everything that the Dead Island games should have been in the first place.  Just goes to show that the developers are only doing what they're told really.  Dead Island was published under Deep Silver and Dying Light was published under Warner Bros.Dying Light is a very open-world zombie game.  The size and scope of the city they drop you in is enormous, especially considering there is no fast-travel or vehicles, you're on foot for this game friends.  I really liked that they kept fast travel and vehicles out of this game, it really would have ruined it, and you can certainly tell they catered the game to people who were going to explore and spend a lot of time roaming around the city, going through the houses and finding all the crafting items they can.The crafting system in this game is nearly exactly the same as Dead Island, which isn't bad, there are few complaints there from me.The combat system is nice, but has a few flaws.  The only major one is that when a zombie is rushing you to grab and bite you, you are forced into a button-mashing sequence to get the zombie off, regardless of what you were doing when it lunged at you (you can be crouched, sliding, etc...).  Which gets quite frustrating.  Otherwise, the combat of the game was nicely done really.The movement mechanics are exactly what they need to be for a parkour game such as this.  You are easily able to run around the rooftops and slide under obstacles, kicking zombies along the way.  You have realistic jumping and running capabilities, and there isn't anything in the game that is too outlandish regarding the way you run, jump and generally get around Harran.The story of this game is really good.  It gets you invested in the characters and gets you to actually want to play the missions and learn how it all ends.  But this is where I'll add that the ending is bittersweet (as the achievement is titled).  It doesn't go back and revisit some of the characters, or have much closure, and really leaves a nice open gap for DLC or a sequel to fill, which is fine, as long as they fill it eventually.The graphics are great, but even modern hardware in the mid-end desktop spectrum may have a little trouble with this on high quality, or even medium.  The particle effects (smoke, fire, toxic gas effects, flies and so on) cause some very noticeable frame drops, even on a i5-4690K and a GTX 960 4GB.The variety in the types of zombies is really nice and very well thought out.  There is the cliched types though.  The normal zombies, the running/fast zombies, the big, hefty zombies, the ones that spit nasty crap at you, the ones that are elusive and mutated, the crazy scary ones that only come out at night and the giant big one that runs you over and throws cars.I will say though, there are challenges in this game, and most of them were poorly planned and executed and provide for a very annoying time trying to complete.  There is no way to restart the challenge once in it except for dying, and you have to hear the dialog before the challenge every time you restart.  Not to mention some of them are ridiculously difficult for some reason.There are also a TON of easter eggs to experience, though, from all sorts of references, which I found to be a lot of fun to find.Overall though, this is a very well developed game, and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of playing it to completion, and look forward to any kind of continuation of the story.  I feel no regret in giving this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,239140,16546375,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sark,"I really enjoyed the game. For someone who plays mostly multiplayer games that don't actually have ""ends"" (mmo's), I was so into Dying Light that i played the game every night when I got it. Took about 30 hours, however I didn't do every side mission. However I did most of them.The first night is freaky as all get.Was worth my time and money."
,Recommended,239140,14251577,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,I like meme,"I definitely recommend this game. Imagine if Mirror's Edge, Dead Rising, some duct tape, and Far cry all get together and combine. You get Dying Light.Can you please Master Shrek? YESWill you die? YESDoes it have great gameplay? YESCan you be a parkour, zombie killing Chuck Norris that has a baseball bat that catches people on fire, and throwing stars that can freeze zombies? HELL YES.SHOULD YOU GET THIS GAME?! YES. YES YOU SHOULD. Thank you for reading :D"
76561198139720525,Recommended,239140,14849051,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,slothful216,Dezmond from AC goes to Harran because Abstergo fooled him into thinking they want to help the world. 6/10 plot 9/10 gameplay. 10/10 gore. weapons are a bit wonky and randomly generate statistics. Formula for this is really weird and ends up with me carrying a superior pick that does 200 dmg and a plain regular pick that does 300 dmg.  As far as games go I'd give it an 8/10 overall. Everything considered its an incredible game and you should buy it. Because you will enjoy it.
76561198039436981,Recommended,239140,14796370,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Taco,Thought i was playing the best spiderman game ever. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14737109,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,LaginDragon,Added another man's hand to my collection 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14885480,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lswag I,this is one of the best games of 2015
,Recommended,239140,14490299,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,famasan,good
,Recommended,239140,14293725,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Midget on a Seahorse,"Dying light has been one of the most rewarding and satisfying games i have played, although late in releasing it lives up to all the hype and expectations. The environments are completely traversable allowing the player to move throughout them however they please, this is the first time something like that has been introduced in a game of this magnitude and executed perfectly.For casual players this games storyline can be completed pretty fast and easily while the completionist players have a variety of things they can complete in order to satisfy their gaming needs, although sidequests can be skipped, a lot of them can serve to help the player throughout the main story.GORE GORE GORE, this game has the biggest range of death animations i have seen, from the usual zombie decapitation  to severed limbs, explosions, combustion and spike traps. Dying light gives players a sadistic setting to quench any violent urge, coupled with its overly satisfying raggdolling and the humilty of the somewhat dumb zombies provides a comedic aspect you wouldn't think existed in this genre of game.Overly addictive gameplay, satisfying situations and a story that compliments the exciting aspects of the game makes this beautifully made, open world zombie survivor one of the best games i have played in this genre, if frame and small graphics issues were fixed this game would easily rate 10/10 for me."
76561197981023172,Recommended,239140,14200378,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jon The Red,My friend drop kicked a zombie with an explosive tank on its back towards me and killed me.10/1011/10 if you play with friends.
,Recommended,239140,14204266,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,geckboy3000,"This game is fantastic!Graphics: 9.5/10Aside from the few graphical bugs/glitches, this game is one of the most beautiful games I have ever seen.Gameplay: 9/10The parkour really fits well in this post-apocalyptic zombie game. The combat is really nice. When you hit something,you get a nice meaty (get it?) thunk.AI: 8/10Outstanding! The best zombie AI I have encountered in a game.Freakiness: 7/10This game can get really freaky/scary when you get 'dem volatiles or other ""special"" zombies chasing after you in thedead of night.Overall: 9/10This game is definitely one of the top 5 zombie games on my list.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!BTW, if you guys have frame-rate issues, try lowering the shadow map count or view distance. Those are the one that I noticed have a huge impact on frame-rates.Specs:CPU: Intel i7 4790KGPU: EVGA GeForce GTX 750Ti 2GBRam: 8GBOperating System: Windows 8.1"
76561198083583750,Recommended,239140,14201861,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Goblin,"Very fun, very pretty looking, everything you need to have for a great zombie game is here! One of the best games I have played in quite some time.  A must-buy in my book."
,Recommended,239140,14219645,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,EviL,"Best results Vsync off, medium textures, no antilisation, and draw distance lowest (won't notice anyways) but it does help FPS a lot. Although FPS isn't my issue stutter was.+ Graphics+ Open World Gameplay+ Zombiz+ Where'd his head go?+ I Pooped My Pants @ Night+ Parkour (Mirrors edge without wall running)+ Item Customization+ Skill Tree that makes sense feels relevent.+ Scavenging MAKES SENSE?!?!?!+ Day night cycle IS REAL ignore dumb reviewers.- Stutter (will be fixed obv) Just mess with settings as above^- I pooped my pants @ night........"
76561197982922657,Recommended,239140,14708876,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Major Awesome,(Y)
76561198054007117,Recommended,239140,14735533,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Redvolver,"I'll add a summary at the end for who wants to jump all my thoughts.Let's start with the pros:First of all longevity: I took around 30 hours to complete the main story quest and all side quests plus some challenge, witch for nowdays standards I found to be very impressive. The graphic is pretty good too, and, while in the first month/s of release it had some frame rate issues, i did not found any problem of such kind even in most crowded areas. Now the most important thing: gameplay, it could be a bit repetitive sometimes but I'll explain this in depth later in the cons.The game has and RPG leveling up skills The Elder Scrolls style (the more you do something regarding that field, the more you got points to level up in it) with 2 branches of abilityes and 1 of ""perks"", you have Agility skills tree, Strenght skills tree and the Survivor one, You will HARDLY find any ability completely useless as any of them open some interesting options. The Agility tree offers you abilityes that allow you to move faster and avoid contact with zombies better, the Strenght gives you better chaces to deal with them faster and the Survivor one gives you the possibility to create interesting buffs and elemental throwing weapons and shields.We can say that the main core of the game is running and exploration, and the game does this particularly well, expecially the runnig part: you will often find around ramps and various hints that you can use to climb over obstacles faster and in a more spectacular way. I had fun even just running around finding the fastest way to reach point B from point A.How zombies reacts to your hits is really satisfying: their physics is pretty good and you really have the feeling of hitting something.Some side quests are surprisingly well developed and interesting and the day/night cicle changes a lot of things gameplay wise (only at the beginning) since very powerful and agile zombies come out at night.The cons:The thing that really set me off is difficulty. The game is hard at the beginnig the first couple of hours, but once you start to leveling up and obtaining better weapons it becomes really TOO EASY: I was around 56% story completition and i had a weapond that could deal 753 damage points, what does that mean? That means that i could one-hit kill normal zombies and 2-3 hit max bigger zombies reaching 5 hits to kill a night monster. I could, being cautious enought, single handedly kill a horde of zombies, don't get me wrong, it's very satisfying the first couple of times, but the you realize you have no match and inmersion goes off. Not talking about how I ended up with TONS of materials, I could create whatever I need at any time, not very ""survival"" in my point of view.You can add elemental damage to any weapons such as: bleed damage, poison, fire, electricity, impact and such but unfortunately these effects are applyed to enemies only once every 10-15 hits, not very useful, and, more importantly, why should I apply those effects if I can slice a zombie in half with a single hit? Those are more for aesthetics purposes than something else. It would have made more sense if Techland had put some type of zombies vulnerable to some effect.Difficulty speaking, as mentioned above all the abilities you unlock are useful, but not exactly NECESSARY, explaining better: yes, they unlocks some interesting option to wide up your game style but eventually you'll become so powerful you will not need specifically any of those, you'll never come to the point that you'll need a specific ability to deal with a certain type of zombie, just sayin'. As above, drop kicking a zombie off a roof is funny, but not necessary, just for aesthetics than anything else.As I said before, during nightime powerful zombies comes off, and you have to change your approach to a stealthy tipe or else you'll be aggroed by a lot of this kind of enemies leading to almost certain death, but these zombies have a VERY limited field of view, and even in you enter in the ""cone of view"" of some of this monsters they'll not spot you immediatly, giving you enought time to get away anyway. Why creating night monsters that cannot see well in the dark? We'll never know.At last but not least, the story is a ""already seen"" one, but that doesn't bother me much***********************SUMMARY*****************************************Pros:+ Longevity+ Enemies physics and how they react to your hits is satisfying+ Interesting and well developed side quests+ Running around and exploring is done very well+ Graphic and audio+ Useful abilities, you will hardly find any of those compleately uselessCons:- Difficulty going downhill instead of uphill- Not exacly absolutely necessary abilities- ""Already seen"" main story- Night time seems a bit too easy and could have been more difficult- Weapon modifications are pretty much just for aesthetics***************************************************************************As final thoughts I had fun with and enjoyed Dying Light, that's what games suppose to do so fine with me but what really pisses me off is that this could have been a FANTASTIC zombie game if some attentions were payed during development. Techland however is releasing a patch that will add ""Hard mode"" to the game and i'll definetly replay this game in that mode and surely modify this review according to it"
76561198064322619,Recommended,239140,14442089,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ShutUpLiberal hellcase.com,"Hey kids do you like Dead Island? Neither did I but hell if your looking of a game that is LIKE Dead Island but actually has more than 6 minutes of work put into it play this game. Guns actually do something, parkor is pretty amazing and is a key component, zombies are op like they should be and killing 3 is a task that shouldent be taken likely. The storys kinda meh but its better than subpar and Crane is actually a human being unlike the charactors in dead island. Suprising enough the parkor is less like mirrors edge and more like a first person assassins creed. most games with parkor you ask yourself""can i climb on this"" basicly in dying light if it sticks out of the wall or ground or what ever, you can climb it. Buy this now or ill kill my entire family. Go ahead im waiting."
76561198038179313,Recommended,239140,16091660,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Aires,Zombie parkour action at it's finest
76561198119116930,Recommended,239140,16015012,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ultimatecancerdude,"so the game already is awsome because open world zombie killing parkour game which is an amazing consept itself, the story is meh good and the new game + is amazing because i dont like when i finish a game i finally lvl up to max and then what, the dropkick is the move that got the review's spiking up, if you love killing zombies in the funniest ways possible and you love parkour then this game is for you.good night and good luck"
76561197998820379,Recommended,239140,14812885,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,The Rickshank Rickdemption,Got to throw a molotow cocktail at a screaming zombie child10/10
,Recommended,239140,14680892,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ReapingSouls,"Not many games make me play for so long in a short amount of time, but this game did just that. I do not regret getting this game. I would recommend this game to anyone who ejoys killing zombies and jumping from rooftop to rooftop."
,Recommended,239140,14216483,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,(◣_◢) Daedalus (◣_◢),"This game is a significant improve from thier preivous titles (Obviously) but i don't mean to slander them Dead Island and Riptide we're both fun to play and i still do to this day, but this game just has more to it, the thrill you get during the night time portion of the game is intense and terrifying and the same time but that's what i enjoy about it, the only thing i have a small complaint about is the reparing weapons aspect it's good you can repair them on the go but once you've used up your repairs the weapon is defunct and useless, no matter how rare it is in that respect i wish it was like Dead Island pay money to repair your weapons but that's just my opinion so may agree so will more than likely disagree, but all in all it's a great game and i'm sure i'll be playing it may times over 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,16738678,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,I_NEED_21EEP,"Run through the city Parkour-style and smash the heads of zombies with whatever you can find. In addition, you can do all these with 3 of your friends.That sounds attractive, now I just some friends to play with."
76561198302000650,Recommended,239140,26079520,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Alpha_Raven,"Probably the best game I have ever played. Think Dead Rising (in first person), meets Dead Island, meets Mirrors Edge. Odd, I know, but it is so good. And find a friend to play it with, cause the co op is awesome. Makes the game even more fun. Would reccomend!"
,Recommended,239140,18170522,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,A Concerned Citizen,Don't Open Kebab Inside
76561198109419907,Recommended,239140,32085875,Posted: 31 May,all,RefleXxX,best game forever
76561198169979539,Recommended,239140,32116717,Posted: 1 June,all,www.csgolive.com,its an awesome game
,Recommended,239140,32077872,Posted: 30 May,all,soccersammy2008@hotmail.com,The light is dying because everyone lives in eternal darkness.
76561197962190979,Recommended,239140,30727232,Posted: 25 March,all,Reese,"+ Works in LAN, so Steam can be run in offline mode -> native offline-multiplayer!+ Very fast joining to host game in LAN+ Cars need fuel+ Character, Buggy and weapons upgradable+ Taking over posts similar to Far Cry+ Climbing / Parkour similar to Assassins Creed+ Good graphics+ Day / night cycle+ Open World with story missions and optional missions+ Most fun in coop mode since 7 Days To Die (I don't even miss the building part)- Animations of coop-players could be a little smoother sometimes- All players need to play the first 1-2 hours of the original campaign to be able to join or start The Following campaign"
76561198264070567,Recommended,239140,32258351,Posted: 7 June,all,snake4710.,good game
76561198114810717,Recommended,239140,28829696,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yung Space Walrus,"Without a doubt the best zombie game I've played, I was hesitant about buying it at first because of how redundant the zombie sub-genre of horror videogames has become, but this is actually one of the first games in a while that I could not put down once I started playing.The combat is brilliant and brutal - Guns are extremely powerful, as they should be, but will attract stronger zombies due to the loud noise, which is a great trade off. The melee system is great and weapons feel impactful and brutal, especially the heavier weapons like pickaxes.The parkour - The free running and climbing in the game works so well, usually in zombie games it feels like a boring slog getting from one place to another, but the parkour system is so fluid and well designed, especially when upgraded through the in game skill trees.The day/night cycle - One of my absolute favourite parts of this game, the game turns from a fun zombie hack and slash fest during the day, into a terrifying and intense hide and run game during the night, due to the extremely tough and fast monsters that only come out at night. You can sleep until daytime in safe zones, but if you do go out, your only hope of survival is to stick to the rooftops and if you are spotted, using a UV flashlight and flares to make your escape. You can also use a gun in an extremely desperate situation but it won't last long, because the loud noise attracts more monsters and they take a lot of damage, you will get overrun eventually if you stay in one place for too long. However, you earn double XP for staying out during the night. And this is on normal mode, if you play on nightmare difficulty, it's something else completely.Addictive as hell - scavenging and looting to find blueprints and new weapons/upgrades makes the game hard to put down, it's seriously addictive.Overall a really great game and one of the games that took me by surprise the most after I bought it, the story and characters are as good as you would expect from a zombie game though, so don't expect any groundbreaking writing or character depth, this game is just about the fun."
76561198279004510,Recommended,239140,31712152,Posted: 12 May,all,margutis,Best open world - parkour zombie game.
,Recommended,239140,25363688,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,WhiteZe,"-This review is only towards the Original/Normal map and story-I don't HIGHLY recommend this game at all, take time to read this fullyDying Light is one of those frustrating, but fun games.It gives you a great world with lots of weapons to loot for and upgrade with the blueprints you can aquire from different locations across the map.It's fun to roam around the map looking for new weapons, crafting items and such, but everything else just fails to deliver.The story is simple, full of cliches and characters are plain and uninteresting. Jade does some cool and likable towards the end, but that's it. And also, the game is optimized horribly.It runs better now than it used to, but it's still terrible. (2x worse than Rust for example)The combat, movement and the menus feel hard to use, wonky and broken. Nothing feels smooth in this game... And that ruins it for me.If you want to get this game, please wait untill it's like 50% on sale or something 7/10Also: The multiplayer is not all that fun, I had more fun in singleplayer"
76561198036026145,Recommended,239140,32414178,Posted: 14 June,all,Djiaux,"Hi everyoneBrief review of this game, I bought it recently on a sale, game + all DLCs for 20 euros.This review is just for Hard modePROs:Game with zombies with an interesting mecanic (parkour)Some scenarios are veeery goodLoads of weapons, mostly similar but even so the variety is great and guns, grenades, melee, bows etc. are all well implementedNight is ♥♥♥♥ing scary yo, I love that. Now seriously, you don't see much during the night and it is very dangerous in hard mode <3Hard mode is hard enoughCONS:I always played in hard mode and some zombies are A N N O Y I N GThe 'fragility' of your character in the first levels (fragile but here's my shoutgun) turns into a more 'FarCryized' hero in later levels where you become a beast which slaughters zombies, don't like this at allSome areas of the game where rushed and packed unfinished, VERY unfinished, even so this areas are still goodPlayed the game until I could stand the annoying zombies (yes, that type) no more, shame because I was loving the first levels experience and the car in the DLC is a greeeat add.Overall is a good purchase for 20 euros on sale, buy it if you can, otherwise ... dunno, when the exploration was mostly done the game became waay worse because of the annoying zombies. I wish they made a hard mode more like a Dark Souls than a Far Cry hard mode (more enemies, there are never enough).7.5 / 106 / 10 if not on sale"
,Recommended,239140,32419237,Posted: 14 June,all,BZA,"This game is definitly worth $60. At 24 this is a steal. Haven't played any of the DLC, It's almost a requirement that you play with another person unless you like that sense of insecurity when you're picking locks and other envrionment interraction."
,Recommended,239140,32403969,Posted: 13 June,all,-==+T3RMAN8R Unit ALPHA+==-,"one of the best zombie games i've ever played, the open world slaughter and realistic parkour is great (except those few 300+ft falls into trash)."
76561198028545715,Recommended,239140,32413461,Posted: 14 June,all,WolvesGuardian,Step 1: Get drop kick moveStep 2: go to Old cityStep 3: procced to kick zombies off of roofs while shouting this is sparta
,Recommended,239140,32412969,Posted: 14 June,all,Peace Walker,Good game
76561198138453147,Recommended,239140,32411245,Posted: 14 June,all,Pepe4Memes,amazing  10 out of 10
76561198061831728,Recommended,239140,32406326,Posted: 14 June,all,Alpha,Decent
,Recommended,239140,14480504,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nic,"The game is awesome and it is woth double its price. There are rumors that it has big optimization problems and it lags even on low graphics on a beefy pc but those are lies. I have an average pc worth about 1000 euros and i play the game locked on 60FPS on medium-high grahics. The game is new so I am also going to report a bug. 10/10 Overall!Bug:WARNING SPOILERS!This is not actually a bug but it needs to be fixed. I have finished the whole story and i have seen that Jade dies. Although, she still warned me that it is turning night time while i was in I think Slabs (the place you are when the game starts). XD"
,Recommended,239140,29214429,Posted: 12 January,all,ΚΙΣΙΤΟ,"Best zombie game I've experienced... loot and craft items according to your needs... 3 skill perks to level up to depends on your gameplay style... additional Legend skill to improve your stats after you max either one of the skill perks... You can fight for you or other people's live, or you could just run for your live... either way, it's your call... When you're bored fighting those zombies in daytime, pump your adrenaline by fighting them in nightime (It'll also double your exp, ez way to leveling)...I would love to try this game with VR headset... It'll surely boost the gaming experience...One thing I hate about this game is the final QTE boss fight... It's not challenging what so ever... It's annoying AF!!!"
76561197970232486,Recommended,239140,29266042,Posted: 14 January,all,ChildOfTheSun32,"I find this game to be excellent. Mostly, I prefer to play co-op games these days, of which this is a great example of a co-op game, but this is also a game that I very much enjoy solo too.The parkour in this game is so well done. Although, I feel very much like a bit of a Super-Hero, than a normal man. A bit like Daredevil or Batman. The combat, while initially quite difficult and it's easy to get swarmed by zombies, it does get easier and more varied as you level up and gain new abilities. The abilites are very enjoyable to use, without seeming as though they are over-powered. The melee is satisfying, the gunplay is suitably powerful (but noisy), and you can also actually sneak passed a lot of zombies too.I just consider this game a ""must-buy"". It's one of the games that I wouldn't have regretted paying full-price for. That I got it on a Steam Discount makes it a fantastic purchase."
76561198116041631,Recommended,239140,31180030,Posted: 16 April,all,Carl,"Ok where to start,Great GraphicsAmazing fluid gameplay.JUST ♥♥♥♥ING BUY THE GODDAMN GAME"
76561198059428351,Recommended,239140,27997231,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Joe,"Everything about this game is awesome (except maybe the lackluster story)The graphics are great.Zombies are actually dangerous, they will mess you up.The parkour mechanics are good, so are the stealth mechanics.And just when you thought this game couldn't get any better:The DLC 'The Following' adds a whole area in the countryside, and gives you a buggy to run over zombies.9/10"
76561198160615313,Recommended,239140,28127695,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ZeKhai.Ng,Best Zombie Survival Horror Game ever played. Only zombie game that is better than this is dying light 2.
,Recommended,239140,28945741,Posted: 2 January,all,Jaimalame,I enjoyed every part of this game.
,Recommended,239140,28847929,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bobvamdamm,GOOD but easy mode
,Recommended,239140,28581587,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Crumpz,Dying light is one of those games where a person just needs to have it in their library. So buy it!
,Recommended,239140,27359938,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,夜叉の構え,Parkour + Zombies-play on nightmare difficulty-when the night comes-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDs0WPPDnj0-run
76561198292511552,Recommended,239140,29595878,Posted: 30 January,all,genital herpes,good
76561198349597053,Recommended,239140,30154426,Posted: 24 February,all,iamagrocerybag,"Love this game, graphics are out of this world! and the story line is well done."
76561198009876564,Recommended,239140,26258927,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kit the Kat,BEST Zombie game I have ever played. Even If you do not liek zombies this game is a MUST play. AMAZING.
76561198108271284,Recommended,239140,28890920,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,OpenWorldGamer,"An incredible open world game, worth a buy."
,Recommended,239140,28912866,Posted: 1 January,all,Traktor,Great gameThat is all I can say except for one thing the final boss is a ♥♥♥♥ing bunch of QTEs that damage the game subtanialy but still definetly the best zombie game ever
,Recommended,239140,26841980,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A.T.F.N,"This is the most amazing and underated game ever. It has amazing (best, in my opinion) game physics AND graphics that I have ever seen. Its DLC entailes the definition and sets the bar for all coming dlc's, adding new mechanics, an interested storyline and an enirely new map. A complete other game in a sence, which is how properly made dlc's should be. I love this game and it will always be on the top of my list of favorite games."
76561198068676634,Recommended,239140,27444318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gasmazz[CℓOWи],Basically Mirror's Edge: Zombie Edition
76561198118033438,Recommended,239140,28692807,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,creeperhaks,"This game just blows my mind its amazing! It has a really cool story line, awesome graphics, stuff you are able to do, and just a whole lot more. This is one of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,239140,28636681,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,R3K7em ♌,"Really nice game, everything feels so smooth. If you looking for nice content and long story mode with alot of crafting and killing this is the perfect game for you!"
,Recommended,239140,27718355,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Set,"One of the best first person a games to come out in some years. Fluid movement and exciting chases and combat in a surprisingly sad and ""realistic"" world. Night time is really terrifying and makes for some great gameplay. I would highly recommend this game for sure."
,Recommended,239140,29279889,Posted: 15 January,all,Dayson~💠,FANTASTIQUE ! the game is on mac :Di recomend to buy it !
76561198032120558,Recommended,239140,27915201,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Who,"Hands Down the best Zombie game ever made.Pros: Amazing Parkour System, Zombies, Huge Sandbox World, Weapon Crafting, Intense Story.Cons: None thus far."
,Recommended,239140,27947891,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,pleasantagony,"This game has everything you could ever ask for, including hidden Mario levels."
,Recommended,239140,27618956,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AOD_CarbonSteele,"I bought Dying light last year in the steam winter sale and since i have jumped in and out of the game and have racked up almost 60 hours in game and have enjoyed every single second of it, i would definatley recomend this game!"
76561198016772537,Recommended,239140,27088134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark_Shadow,Great Hack n' Slash game especially for those who want to see heads fly.
,Recommended,239140,29433496,Posted: 22 January,all,TS_Dragonslayer,brillaint game for just hours of zobie smashing fun had this game on 3 differnt platforms now and completed it around 8 times and still loads of fun to play with or without people
,Recommended,239140,29310110,Posted: 16 January,all,T1G3R,Can play entire game in co-op. It makes this type of survival style game so much more fun when you are with a buddy. It os also a really enjoyable game all around.
76561197994579793,Recommended,239140,30005197,Posted: 18 February,all,Wodecki,very good game thx
,Recommended,239140,26121222,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rip LagSwitch :(,"Everything(story, music, control, combat) is well-polish. You should never miss this once it's on sale. The multiplayer is great. I got more friends doing marathon the story mode. You can even play as special zombie and raid other player's story mode at in-game night time which normally you slept to skip the night but if you dont you more xp, better drop, etc.TDLR;Just buy it, solid game."
76561198254987438,Recommended,239140,25884805,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,domwuffy,Absolutely gory and beautiful game... the parkour element and crafting will makes u comeback over and over to play this game
76561198192627678,Recommended,239140,29976602,Posted: 16 February,all,Ho,it is good.
,Recommended,239140,28588395,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Klutsac,"Amazing graphics, good story, just a good game overall. +rep"
,Recommended,239140,28811018,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,flyingscot5,Awesome game if u like zombie parkour and a good story line.only two things i hate about this game are:parkour can have a few issues it's not perfectThe ending to the game is a huge let down but everything else is awesome.
,Recommended,239140,28741849,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TSOMAHAWK,"I  bought this game around 20-25 euros on winter sale.I have to come clean,in the begining i didn't like it at all.I was tilted by the fact that the weapons i had were useless and kept breaking while the zombies were becoming always more o.p.I kept dying and losing points.I didn't have any other games to play at this time so i kept playing it.Well now i reached in a point were nothing almost can hold me back.This doesn't mean that u are free to be careless,u still can die pretty easilly,but now u can face them with a little more ease.Advice to all new players unlock stomp skill and tackle as soon as possible.These were the ones that made my experience with this game good and fun.Otherwise a really nice and detailed game would recommend"
76561198111725212,Recommended,239140,29227204,Posted: 13 January,all,KEIDANN,SUCH A GOOD GAME TO IMPLEMENT PARKOUR INTO!
,Recommended,239140,29756278,Posted: 6 February,all,◢ Potato ◤| caserandom.com s,"Definitely the game for new and veteran fps players, utilizing parkour and weapon crafting and finding zombie survival game, i especially like the competetive be the zombie mode and had lots of fun with it!!"
,Recommended,239140,29067757,Posted: 6 January,all,rinlojf,Finished the games main story aswell as The Following DLC story in just 28 hours. In full honesty the best game I've ever played and probably the only one i'll ever be doing a review on.10/10 Flawless story and gameplay
,Recommended,239140,27093338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hurricane7,Best brutal game in the steam !
,Recommended,239140,29358096,Posted: 19 January,all,ErfWermJim,"Just did my second playthrough. I made it about 90 percent of the way my first time through the expansion and for some reason I stopped. Decided to play it again from the start and got through it in about 108 hours.Pros-- Runs Great 5/5. I have a gtx970 and I can get 90+ fps at all times.- Fun 4/5. The parkour was great, but the driving was eh. I would of enjoyed more parkour in the expansion rather than driving.- Story 4/5. Story was great. I generally had fun following along. The only reason why I didnt give this a 5 is because some of the dialogue and characters seemed out of place. I'm not really sure how to explain this, except by saying that I didn't believe some of the characters were who they said they were. Some of the times it was Kyle Crane himself. He makes a lot of decisions along the way, but during some of the cutscenes his automatic actions kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I guess I just wish they allowed us to make those decisions as well, even if in the end they didnt change the story.- Scary 4/5. Made me jump a bunch of times, especially when I played at night (game night and actual night).Cons-- Ending 1/5. I enjoyed the game and would play it again, but the ending was... in my opinion, horrible. I've read a lot of reviews on the game after finishing and it seems like MOST people seemed to enjoy the ending but it just didn't sit well with me. I wont spoil the game for anyone that hasn't finished it, but all I will say is the ending felt sudden and abrupt. You have one main goal in the game and in the end, it just doesn't seem like anything was wrapped up. I know they probably have there reasons on why they ended it like they did, but I can think of SOOOOOOO many ways it could of gone different, and even given us even more content to play without another expansion.- Driving. I just want to make a quick mention about the driving. The first part of the game is all about free running, parkour, and completing quests. Lots of high climbing, jumping, and generally a lot of fun. In the expansion, you get the car early on. While useful, because the expansion map is friggin huge, I just didnt find it nearly as much fun as the parkour. It seemed like the stripped a lot of the parkour away from the expansion and focused mainly on the driving. It was fun, but eh... I would of preferred a smaller map with the same parkour style we were used to.Final Review -The only reason why I'm mad about the ending is because I enjoyed the game so much. Like any good tv show or movie, you get into it, and when its finally over, it sucks! I give it a solid 4/5 just on gameplay alone. Its a great zombie survival game, and what I mean by that is it doesn't just throw you into the fray with a machine gun and say go. No. You have to work up to that. Heres a plank with a nail, so go run and jump your way around the city and find better stuff. If you need a new game, and your like zombie / survival games... buy this game now. Hopefully you will enjoy the ending, but dont say i didnt warn you."
76561198256778109,Recommended,239140,28913458,Posted: 1 January,all,Azure,"Good games,good graphics and good gameplays 10/10 i would say"
76561198273943416,Recommended,239140,28759904,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LeKlone,Simply the best game ever.
,Recommended,239140,17226520,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fruit salad; yummu yummy,"My framerate also died along with the zombiesAtleast it looked pretty while dying, although I can't say the same about my grandpa"
,Recommended,239140,24894668,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Gareaap,Good game. The story was good although i found the ending lacking. the gameplay and crafting system are fun.
,Recommended,239140,17542910,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TWOyourDEATH522,"I laughed, I cried, I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, and I made momma happy. A very well designed game that keeps surprising me."
76561198011273655,Recommended,239140,17521680,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Captian Autismo,"The game is fun, but quickly becomes kinda unbalanced in the endgame. Also the addition of special infected also kinda spoiled it. As the fear of night itself was the real fear. And not having to deal with Zombie Kids and ""Spitters"" *sigh* Still worth 7/10"
,Recommended,239140,19766380,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,@vatar,"Just imagine it ,This  Game is about monkey killing Zombies for some peanuts :) FUN"
,Recommended,239140,19914970,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Spike,Very Very fun the only bad part is the climbing.
76561197963661605,Recommended,239140,18567693,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ninja Cop,Dying Light = Mirror's Edge + Diablo + Left 4 Dead... with seamless multiplayer experience---what's not to like!
76561198068840021,Recommended,239140,21153409,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,☹retard☹,story could be better but parkour and combat is perfect
,Recommended,239140,21153634,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,RuneCherz,"Pros:Parkour!Okayish StoryCoop's a Blast!CraftingNight Hunter ModeParkour!Hordes of JambiesLevelling SystemFun Side missionsSkill TreeLoot VarietyParkour!Be the Zombie ModeGorgeous GraphicsModsFree ContentLoads of things to do and lastly...Did I mentionparkour?Cons:Minor glitchesNagging TutorialGameplay alone, you find lots of fun as it never gets old and you can never satisfy yourself cuz you will be craving for more. Devs say that they got loads of other things for us and will be available via season pass sometime later in this year. Well looking forward for it!Dying Light is one of the games thats really worth the money. Its a must play game for all the zombie genre Lovers and easily one of the best games out there.In one liner its: ""Dead Island done right""10/10"
76561198136220887,Recommended,239140,21171344,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[WLTG] LokiSmokey,♥♥♥♥ YEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!
,Recommended,239140,21201399,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jaco,Really Fun And Worth it
76561197972021236,Recommended,239140,20031852,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,{NT}Notorious,Dying light is one of those games i have never stopped playing since i started it has everything i want in a game im not a fan of the add on bozak horde add on this is a timed do it how it has to be done kinda thing where in the normal world of dying light you quest for people and get better gear has some amazing hidden parts i just hope and pray the developers keep these ideas in the next dlc to keep us all interested and dont try anything ti silly good job though guys and thank you for such a great time i have had playing so far
76561198110595203,Recommended,239140,21116111,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Clarke,I gave steam 20$steam gave me dying lightdying light gave me:ParkourZombiesThe best weapons I've ever seenChallengesRage from difficult missionsAnd the anoyance of how slow your survivor rank goes up:)
76561198106658258,Recommended,239140,20894469,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Justice,10/10  Best Zombie Game in hisotry.
76561198274900826,Recommended,239140,20887942,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ashleyelizibethharrel,Great game  but  i hate the fact that our character act like such a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,31008842,Posted: 7 April,all,KillerDubstep,This is a great game. my favorite game now
,Recommended,239140,20909261,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"When Dying Light first came out I kind of dismissed it and after picking it up in the winter sale I have no idea why I pushed it aside so easily. I've been playing through it with a friend and we both agree it's a great game.The parkour mechanics are solid and actually realistic, which is lovely to see as ill thought out mechanics are generally what annoys me most about games with parkour in. The side quests are for the most part, actually interesting. Yes there are a few fetch quests but generally the manner in which each quest is set out is different from the last so questing really doesn't feel repetitive.The NPCs are all pretty good characters with decent voice acting and the open world is great. I love how different the environment is between the Slums and Oldtown and the slight alteration in playstyle required as a result. I enjoy how new enemy types appear as the story develops and how the night time is actually scary. There are plenty of interesting locations dotted about in the world as well and each little discovery is always great. Exploration is often rewarded with an interesting weapon or mod blue print. The weapon crafting is intuitive and interesting and the gore system is wonderful.I've been really enjoying this game and will definitely be purchasing the season pass to get the dlc I don't have and I'm pretty excited about The Following. I wholeheartedly recommend this game.However, the finales for both the main game and the following are utter crocks of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239140,20921368,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Link XL1,"Often called Mirror's Edge with zombies and weapons, Dying Light is an enjoyable open world first person parkour zombie-fest.The story sees you playing a secret agent of some generic organization that may not have everyone's best interestes in mind. You're parachuted into a city in qurantine due to a zombie outbreak and you are tasked with infiltrating various groups of survivors to find a man who stole information about your generic spy organization. There are no real choices for the player to make throughout the story, which can be frustrating when you see yourself doing something stupid just because your boss over the phone told you too. Overall it's a fairly dull plot, and my biggest complaint is the ending (which i will spoil and talk about at the very bottom of this review).Gameplay is a nice mix of free running and combat. Parkour feels just like the aforementioned Mirror's Edge, although with less advance features, like wallrunning. Halfway through the game, you should unlock the grappling hook ability, which basically makes you spiderman.Any game where you turn into spiderman halfway through is a good game.Melee weapons in this game have improving stats as you progress in level. basically a hack n slash loot drop system, not unlike borderlands. Guns play an interesting role, as they are few and far between, and, in the early game, extremely powerful. The late game however, they will become almost useless due to the fact that they dont scale in power the way every other weapon does. Nor can you upgrade them with cool abilities like other weapons. An interesting choice on the Dev teams part, and the right one I think. Like Dead Rising and Mirror's Edge, guns aren't the central focus, but they can be a powerful trump card in a pinch.The multiplayer features the player being able to be a super zombie and even has its own level progression. In a multiplayer game, one player will be the super zombie, tasked with defending egg caches from the players, and killing them 10 times. while 1-4 players will be their normal human characters and have to destroy all the eggs before they run out of lives. That's the only mode, and while it does sound a bit tacked on, it can be a lot of fun. Especially when you have a full game of 5 people. unfortunately, the servers are mostly empty at this point because the multiplayer isn't seperate from the single player. players seeking to be a super zombie will have to invade other people's single player games at night, and most people turn off that online feature. so basically, multiplayer's dead unless you've got 5 people you know.And speaking of friends, you can have up to 3 people join your game and run around doing stuff with you. It's fun, you should do it.Overall, the game features addicting gameplay, an average story (for a video game), and lots of developer support post launch in the form of free and paid DLC.SPOILERS (not that anyone cares)My biggest complaint about the story is the ending, or lack therefore. The final boss battle takes place in the form of a very dissappointiong quick time event. something this game has been trying to stay away from throughout. once you've defeated the end boss, your character tells his boss over the phone that he quits. and thats just about it...you're still in the city and all your survivor friends are still not evacuated. If i didnt know any better I'd suspect the real ending is in the DLC you have to pay for... oh wait... who published this game? Warnor Bros?d**k move, Warner Bros, d**k move. (also f@#*ing fix batman, god!)"
76561198042362117,Recommended,239140,21145056,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,NonBinaryAsthmatic,"This is the only zombie game that I've played and it is just so satisfying!To anyone who hasn't got the game and the Season Pass, why aren't you buying it yet?!Get it when it's on offer! Worth every penny :)10/10 would dropkick again"
,Recommended,239140,23091673,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ronjamesmajor,"This review is for only the core game as I have not yet played ""The Following"" expansion.System Specs:i7 6700K OC'ed to 4.7ghz16g Vengeance LPX RAM @ 3000mhzEVGA GTX 980TI FTW 6GBBenQ 2730Z @ 1440P 144HZCorsair K70 RGB / Razer DeathadderLet me start off by saying I played Dying Light to near completion on the Xbox one when it originally launched. It was a fantastic and ""new"" feeling type game for me then. Lots of cool parkour stuff that was kind of like Mirror's Edge on steroids, and I didn't actually find the zombie style nearly as campy and overdone as I do in most titles. This was a pretty great play through on xbox.Fast forward a little while and I decided to pick it up for PC and pay for the title again, it was that good the first go round.I also discovered (as sometimes happens) with the PC version on steam, the price I paid for ""The Following"" also included all of the previous DLC as well and much of the hidden stuff I didn't have a chance to really peek at while I was busy ignoring it after DLC's came out on console.I can easily pull off 105FPS at 1440P with my setup with V sync turned off, though it's wise to go with adaptive V sync since in my case at least, the menus can be GPU melters with their  3400 fps renders.Controls on the PC are just as intuitive as I'd have expected from someone who makes quality PC games, and while I was a little fussed about ""F"" being your ""main"" button and not E, I got over that pretty quickly, once I realized E is for kick, considering how much you need to kick.It's certainly worth picking up again if you've played it the first time, and if you haven't played it and you're really not a fan of zombie titles (like me) - I can promise this game delivers in spite of that fact. It is particularly frightening while running around at night trying to avoid the more difficult creatures, and the game rewards you for trying! It will also punish you for screwing up too, so there's a great balance of risk and reward.The parkour elements are done pretty damned well, and I only sometimes found myself staring up at a radio tower wondering  where to next. Most times the game does make a relatively clear path for you to travel but your timing and reflexes will definitely take some refining to pull  off some of the more stamina heavy runs, particularly during time trials.Grappling Hook towards the end of the game completely changes the mechanic right when you're getting solid with your parkour skills which is once again a welcome reward.The crafting and modding/upgrading mechanics initially are a little daunting and your inventory reads like the anarchist cookbook a little until you understand what and why things are. However those mechanics are done quite well too.Cons ? Well.... it's scary? Some people might not like that.I'd prefer if the menus decided not to go mental with FPS but that's subjective too...Sometimes the story feels a little, forced? It certainly helps to be into zombie titles, though as stated is not at all a requirement.Overall this is easily the best zombie style title to be released in recent memory, if not ever. It's beautiful, compelling, rewarding, scary, and exciting. Definitely ticks most of the boxes for me, and it's well worth even the $60 CAD at full price."
76561198054882763,Recommended,239140,30915170,Posted: 2 April,all,The Good Loser,"Parkour & Zombies, Not much more to to say. Although the game is kinda repetative, the gameplay greatly makes up for that. I myself have beaten this game around 5 times, four of which were on the hardest difficulty. It has a fun and legitimately difficult hard and Nightmare mode although they are still fair. Would recommend since this comes with the DLC which is like an entire seperate game. Coop is a blast and very fun.Overall, best Zombie game I have ever played and probably will have ever played in the foreseeable future.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sPSr5Pdzmw"
76561198261499269,Recommended,239140,30515931,Posted: 14 March,all,Pennywise,RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!! oh wait i have a grapple...*chase over* that was easy
,Recommended,239140,32610010,Posted: 20 June,all,KrutikFTW,"Got it 60% off, best zombie game I've ever played. The parkour is fluid, and extremely fun. I thought the story was great, even though it was a little short (took me about 17 hours), but there's still a ton of stuff to do like side quests and multiplayer. It can get pretty scary and creepy too, if you're into that. The game itself is actually pretty challenging, especially during the beginning, even on the lowest difficulty, but that's just my experience. Just try to stay on the roofs when exploring, you'll probably end up having more deaths from falling from roofs than from zombies anyways. Overall, this game is definitely worth the money. 10/10"
76561198306754549,Recommended,239140,31713386,Posted: 12 May,all,Cakeslosh,"F***KING LIT AF 280,000/10"
,Recommended,239140,32578542,Posted: 19 June,all,neelin2,Solid game
,Recommended,239140,32581969,Posted: 19 June,all,Chibaku Tensei,Best Survivaal Game i Ever Play !
76561198050975254,Recommended,239140,20191746,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,THOUXANBAN FAUNI,"looks like knock-off dead island at first, turns out to be -A~A quality game"
,Recommended,239140,24143478,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"Unprecedented and extremely graphically pleasing, comes Dying Light.A zombie apocolypse has taken over and you are left to your own wit and skills to survive.The story is fantastic, the characters are unforgettable, and the graphics are stupendously incredible.The gameplay is hacking and slashing your way through endless hordes of zombies and being able to parkour your way through the city. The multiple takedowns for your enemies is endless fun and the military groups around the city are easy ways to grab a gun.If you want to have a ton of fun, i recommend getting a few friends to come along with you on this thrill of a ride."
76561198189462010,Recommended,239140,23662859,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Salty BadAss^^,COOL VERY EXCITING AND REALISTIC :)
76561198138064823,Recommended,239140,16804971,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fatdick Ster,"AWESOME GAMPLAY, AN AWESOME STORY SERIOUSLY HOW MUCH BETTER CAN THIS GET"
,Recommended,239140,16864958,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SchoolboyLue,This is  an AMAZING game! It is a very intense game and it has a very realistic feel to it. Highly reccomend playing it!
,Recommended,239140,16856335,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Stoned Cold Stephen Autistism,"I don't find myself playing many games once I beat the main story, but this game has me coming back. If you really enjoyed Mirrors Edge and wanted more combat in that game, get this one."
,Recommended,239140,14869070,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[DBH-Mo] Sergeant Pan,"The game's awesome. Graphics are fantastic, gameplays awesome, very little bugs that i can tell and its really immersive. The only problem i have with this game IS THE MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING BOMbERS! Seriously, those guys are like a OHK and you can barely hear them unless you have good hearing. And especially when trying to complete challenges like that one in the village where you need to kill 50 infected on the bridge for the Rebel Machete. Just screw that."
76561198137342932,Recommended,239140,18140031,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Kondaddy,Hot Stuff 10/10
,Recommended,239140,22908744,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Razormind,""" Awesome dropkick simulator """
76561197970779549,Recommended,239140,22796165,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Gawblin,"Predictable story and uninspired quests. Fetch this. Kill that. The usual. The NPCs are cardboard cutouts who do nothing to help you, and quest rewards are, at best, a slightly better weapon than the one you have. It will break though. All weapons break, so don't get invested in it.All these points aside, Dying Light is fun. If you just play it for fun and see past all it tries to be, you'll have a good time. Bashing zombies with a hammer, jumping from roof to roof, leveling up and gaining new techniques... it's kind of satisfying. I don't even mind gathering ingredients to customize my weapons (and only my weapons, nothing else). Basically no character customization, save for a few different costumes.You play as Super American who drops into Sandplace. Sandplace is infested by zombies. Oh gee, I wonder where they came from? Who cares? There's a doctor who has some kind of medicine that delays infection. So?The story is uninspired and, frankly, boring. Same goes for jumping and climbing puzzles, that are littered everywhere, especially in side quests. When people ask you to help, there is little motivation to actually do so. Run across half the map for 25 minutes to get some XP and a semi-rare wrench? No thank you! Just roam the city, kill♥♥♥♥♥♥and loot.I recommend Dying Light once the price tag goes down. Wait for a sale and have fun, play with a friend in co-op mode. Expect good gameplay, but little else."
,Recommended,239140,19447644,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,George,"This is an incredibly good game. Just the parkour aspect with the excellent controls would have made it a good game, add in the zombies and a good plot  and you have a great game.The controls are wonderful; most of the time I'm not even aware of what my hands are doing, I'm just running as fast as I can, leaping and grabbing ledges or chopping off the limbs and heads off zombies and thugs. I'm incredibly impressed with how imersive the running and climbing is, combined with the flawless controls, I really do feel like it's me doing it, not just some character I'm controlling.In Daylight hours, encounters with a few biters won't even slow you down much, but be wary of the pressing hoard because they will take you down quick. The Toads (spitters) may catch you off guard but unless you pull a stupid, or theres several of them they wont be that bad. Unless seen from a distance first, Bombers at any time of day are a threat  (I still die to one exploding regularly by reflexively swinging at the zombie in my face when surprized coming around a corner).Nighttime is a bit more intense. When you find yourself  outside of a safe zone during the night the only time you will be running with wild abandon is when you are running for your life. Otherwise you will be sneaking and trying not to get the attention of the infected. Once spotted you will be running for your life with your heart pounding in your ears. There is no fighting them and they are FAST. Getting away is by no means assured as the Infected are faster than you are. You will need to climb and jump and hide with all of your skills to get away and even then, you will not always succeed.I can not stress how much this night/day dichotomy intesifies immersion and the enjoyability of the game. The first time I was stuck outside at night was one of the most intense and most enjoyable gaming moments in my 40 years (I actually got away and then crouched on a ledge hiding until morning, with my heart racing in RL).Caution, you do need to be aware of your time when you play, this is one of those games where it feels like you just sat down a short while ago and hours have gone by."
,Recommended,239140,22352458,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,GreenCat [The Skybook],เป็นเกมที่ สนุกมากๆ ถึงจะไม่เคยเล่นก็เถอะซื้อมาเเล้ว โหลดเสร็จเล่นไม่ได้เพราะการ์ดจอไม่พอ 5555เเนะนำ ให้ซื้อมาเล่นเอง ดีกว่ามานั่งดู คนอื่นเเคสเกม เพราะถ้าเล่นเองจะสนุกกว่าดูคลิปจบ
76561197982979108,Recommended,239140,30220205,Posted: 27 February,all,BADHIGEEN,"I love this game. I've got almost 2000 hours playin.  I don't have all the achievments but I'm a collector so pickin up stuff and fighting zombies is a blast for me. Playin with friends sharing weapons and stuff reviving a comrad all fun.How ever if you want to be the zombie its not to fun. The human side is just to powerfull. Rain of death should be nurfed when invasion is goin. Humans can use it at any hight when they should die from the fall. All the duplicaters kind of spoil any fun you think you may have playin as the zombie they have unlimated health,flairs and weapons mods just to name a few not at all fair. No weapon in the zombie skill tree can beat humans when they have unlimated resources.  Humans should not be able to see you as the zombie."
,Recommended,239140,28933016,Posted: 2 January,all,Zanzabaarr,"Quickly becoming my favourite game, Dying Light is hard to not reccomend. Plus the quality of The Following dlc is so mind blowing its hard to truely fathom. I cant believe i played 180 hours of this game and i still want to play more."
76561198006868077,Recommended,239140,26037278,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,R2UD2,"So nice, bought it twice! Already spent a lot of time on it on PS4. When it was on sale for PC I bought it again so I could also play with my masterrace friends. Barely any loading times and even better graphics, the controls work great on keyboard and mouse as well. The best version I'd say, though I do slightly prefer the DualShock controller, but that's just because that's what I learned to play it with. Nothing aims as well as a mouse.If you're generally interested in co-op/open world/survival/action-RPG this game is a must-buy. It's got a fairly unique locale and especially the soundtrack, with its creepy 80's horror-synthesizer vibe, stands out as unique among current games. The weakest part of the game is the story and its main protaganist, but this is thankfully compensated and then some by the vivid and immersive world. Stop reading, play it!"
,Recommended,239140,28027034,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shigure Fox,"really good story line, awesome weapons, and fun to free run everywhere! probably one of the best games i own!"
,Recommended,239140,25888736,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Simple Jack,"This is the kind of game which you can play for hours and hours and still don't get tired,you get chills while playing at night in-game. Its one of those games where you feel the adrenaline rush while playing.The expansion DLC is as good as the game. If you love killing zombies and fast paced games,this is the kind of game you should definitely play.Graphics     10/10Story            8 /10Gameplay   10/10Action         10/10Co op            9/10Audio           10/10Parkour        10+/10"
,Recommended,239140,26889512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,⭐[TLU]De4thZ0ne338™⭐,"Dying Light mixes elements from Dead island, Mirror's Edge and Far Cry efficiently. Crafting, action, exploration and free running are all well-implemented in this open-world survival game. And you can expect to be genuinely frightened when the night comes. With a lot of content and satisfying ways to play in multiplayer, this game can, indeed, please a wide audience, even if everything is not perfect."
76561197977103242,Recommended,239140,26758469,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,bLuE,great game!
76561198079606831,Recommended,239140,25958893,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Asian Dumpring,"Great game. Fun storyline, with a bit of a learning curve. Very different from other zombie games. I was actually afraid to go outside at night and a horde of zombies would send me running 9 times out of 10. So unlike any other zombie game I've ever played. Cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,239140,28450510,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,pitazpitz,"Great game. Basically you get two games in one.  A fairly fun daytime zombie shooter and a very challenging nighttime survival horror zombie shooter. For the most part, choice is yours, you can choose to play most of the missions in the daytime (with the exception of a few scripted missions that must be played at night) or choose to play most of them in the night (sleep all day/night). I recommend this game and get the DLC too, it's got new extra missions, with a few extras thrown in."
76561198046393925,Recommended,239140,26037724,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RisenDay,"Life is good without a care in the world, here you are running around doing good things for people climbing on buildings and of course running past the zombies who would love to eat you but you dont care because a quick step and nimble hands and youve jumped over them and caught a ledge continuing your run through the burning city but hey at least you can have fun, whats a zombie gonna do? if he climbs after you you just kick him off and watch him fall a few stories. Doing favors for people, looting all you can and showing off your legendary parkour skills to the zombies who think they can get you. Life is definitely good. Then all of a sudden its dark outside, you haven't been paying attention, maybe you were inside finding some cool stuff or just having too much fun to realize the sun was disappearing, whatever it was its too late now. You cant see anything so you turn on your flashlight but you can still hardly see. You hear a scream in the distance and a groan or was it a growl? close by? A shiver goes down your spine and you can feel the adrenaline starting to flow into your system. A zombie grabs you but you fight him off and run and jump for the wall close by but as you are struggling to pull your self up(i guess i got fatigued without realizing it with all the running ive been doing you think to yourself) then that groan again and the shiver and you know any minute you are gonna be dragged down by that zombie and feasted upon! But it doesnt happen, you pull yourself up and realize he cant grab you when you are climbing you remember who you are and that this is just a video game. Immersion complete you get to safety save the game and relax laughing at your self. Until the next day when you have to walk across the empty warehouse at work and shut off the lights then walk back through to the exit. Was that a growl?!?!?!"
,Recommended,239140,26593853,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Graves,"you can snap little zombie kid's necks.i dont know about you guys, but thats an automatic 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,239140,26599430,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ShaggY,NICE GAME
,Recommended,239140,26373454,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Brakxel,"Dying Light is the best Socialist Simulator on the market! Do you want to live in a dystopia where you have to fight warlords for basic food and medicine? Do you want to run with fear after dark? Do you want to fashion weapons from discarded saw blades and string? Do you want to risk your life trying to find insulin for a dying child only to be thwarted by faceless government agencies?You don't need to fly to Venezuela. Load up Dying Light for hours of socialist fun!What makes Dying Light different and fun are:1)Parkour FPS. The running, jumping, grabbing, climbing and falling are done well. With practice you can become fast and fluid. The best early advice I got was to ""Follow the terrain."" If you see a ledge with a rope, grab it. If you see a ramp, take a blind leap. Something will always catch you. The designers put a lot of thought into flow to make sure you won't leap into a pitfall or blind alley. Trust your instincts and run!2)Melee FPS. We all love guns. Guns are great, but guns are loud. Noise brings the zombies so melee is your friend. ""Get gud"" with melee. The melee weapons and gameplay are solid and satisfying. Timing that swing to get an instant-kill decapitation never gets old.3)Guns FPS. Finally a shooter in this FPS. Guns are noisy but situational. When you need them, the gun play is good and satisfying.4)Story. The main story is compelling enough to make you want to push forward. Some say the ending is a bit of a let down (I would agree) and the side quests are very good (I would agree again.) I wish there was a dynamic story arc letting me make some major decisions, but that's okay. The length is good. I play very methodically, exploring all the areas and playing all the side missions and I got about 50+ hours out of the base game. Add the DLC and you can extend that another 20+ hours.5)RPG. There are some light RPG elements to Dying Light. It isn't too risky because eventually you can get all the upgrades and become a flying tornado of zombie slaying, but it does add to the sense of progression and growth. You start huddled in a corner, clutching your rusty nail-board, praying for the night to end and become a real master of the night, leaping from buildings with little fear.6)Progression. That leads me to the sense of progression in the game. Even though become a zombie meat-grinder, there is still a sense of dread. Become too complacent and you become dead from a missed jump or overwhelmed by zombies. But the game rewards ingenuity and cleverness. Play smart and you will thrive.7)Multiplayer. Check other reviews if you are interested in multiplayer. I only played solo, but I can see how co-op and the multiplayer options would put Dying Light over the top for fun. As a solo-only player I had great fun for many hours, so you fellow misanthropes will have no problems.Bottom Line:I was getting burned out on zombies, but I held my nose and jumped into Dying Light anyway. I'm glad I did. Even if you are not a big fan of zombie games, it is a unique experience for any FPS fan looking for something different. Getting the base game and all the DLC for a low price is a great value."
,Recommended,239140,29232900,Posted: 13 January,all,Rednah,"Dying light, One of the best zombie games ive playedI beat this game on xbox one 5 times (NOT including the DLC)Everything about this game is good honestly, it does bug out from time to time like kicking a zombie there is a chance it will fly up 40 feet in the airThis is a very good game for solo or multiplayer i highly suggest it!9.5/10"
76561198061786310,Recommended,239140,28928957,Posted: 1 January,all,BruceMcMoose,The longest pro-log i have ever played
76561197980349438,Recommended,239140,28948576,Posted: 2 January,all,Damonvile,"The games a bit like if you took the good parts of Dead Island and Just cause and mashed them together.So far the only con I can see in the game is, it's probably going to give me a jammer."
76561198089734508,Recommended,239140,28770258,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sonsho,PROS:-Really fluid mechanics.-Awesome graphics.-Tons of zombies.-Lots of customisations.-Fun multiplayer.(co-op)-Amazing stoty!-Great main and said quests.CONS:-Might feel repetitive.-Can be scary.
76561198246451102,Recommended,239140,29656728,Posted: 2 February,all,JacktheRipper,very good
76561198288981642,Recommended,239140,29495950,Posted: 25 January,all,Break Out Lucille!,"Dying Light is honestly one of the best zombie open-world games I've ever played! The parkour system is simply amazing and so much fun to traverse the awesome playground of Harran. Combat is very visceral and uses a good melee system that really feels rewarding the more you level your character in the game. The skills are all very useful in this game and the amount of content this game offers is insane. I adore the land to explore, find material to craft best weapons, and get blueprints/newer weapons. Quarantine zones are great and the atmosphere of the game is vastly improved when trying to survive at night. This game really has it all and I haven't touched the DLC yet and already have played the game this much just exploring, leveling legend levels, and finding the best possible weapons.The game does have its setbacks though. The main quest/story is rather meh and has one of the worst, most pathetic boss fights I've ever been a part of. The side quests are simply terrible as every single one is a fetch quest but if you want to level they're worth doing but out of 44 side quests, only one was memorable for being good. Not a single likeable or well written character is to be found in this game. No fast travel is a problem too and the constant failing to grab railings leading to unwanted deaths. Rhais is also a try-hard Vaas rip-off and I can't take him seriously at all. There's a bunch of other problems with the game but the positives far outway the negatives.Overall, if you see this game on a steam sale, this  is a must purchase if you enjoy melee combat, a good open-world, zombies, and a damn good parkour system that will keep you addicted for hours on end. Keep in mind side content is very bad but everything else will keep you hooked. Can't wait to actually start the Dlc"
,Recommended,239140,28805118,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Seapro,Dying Light is a great game.  The developers really nailed the first-person gameplay with the parkour and fighting animations.  Also it has a great dramatic and twisting storyline that will suck you right in when you start playing and will not make you want to stop.
,Recommended,239140,25991381,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DeliciousChris,This game is awesome just look !!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAPsJUDpjso
76561197970978463,Recommended,239140,25957303,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Daylocke,"The best Video game just got better with this, large open world with this expansion with lots to do."
,Recommended,239140,29540076,Posted: 28 January,all,theFEARhunter,"It takes alot for me to call a game my favourite but this one just holds a special place in my heart. This is one of the most amazing games I've played so far. While the zombie genre is starting to go stale, this definitely adds something new to the mix. Rather than write a massive review I'll just list some pros and cons.Pros:- Parkour is smooth and natural- Combat is simple yet satisfying- Beautifully crafted environment- The PvP ""Be the Zombie"" mode is a goodway to get the blood pumping- Co-Op just adds to the experience- All of the important DLC comes with the base game for freeCons:- Story is a bit bland- Progression can be slow at firstOverall this game is definitely worth the full price and a must play with friends. However playing it solo can be just as fun."
76561198303876879,Recommended,239140,29439490,Posted: 23 January,all,candycane,guD g3am
76561197964511266,Recommended,239140,25896591,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Roe Jogan,"Amazing game.There aren't many games out there that have melee combat as fluid and fufilling as this. While the gunplay isnt anything spectacular, the addition of bows and crossbows in the following ties ranged shooting up nicely.I'm really picky about reccomending games to anyone, but I wouldnt hesitate to tell someone to buy this."
76561198124180853,Recommended,239140,28500529,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,c z y,Many fun game modes to play nest with friends
76561198294184361,Recommended,239140,28504006,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Cherokeedog,"Many reviews out there, so I'm pretty sure I ain't got nothin' new to say. Just wanted to give it a thumbs up.But...since I'm already here, I'll throw in a few words.I was expecting it to be just another mindless head bashing zombie game, with good lookin' graphics. Took me almost 2 years to finally decide on getting it. I'm one of the most bored players ever, and FPS games are definitely not on my taste.I was never more wrong in my life. This game looks cool, plays cool and even made me feel cool. That rarely happens nowadays. And even more: I actually found myself connecting with the protagonist and caring about the story! In an action zombie game!Never expected such a game to deliver such an immersive and beautiful experience."
,Recommended,239140,28132841,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/jichaell,One of the best games i have ever played 10/10
76561198184561073,Recommended,239140,29330012,Posted: 17 January,all,King HAX!!!,i got it on my mac and it doesn't WORK!!!
76561198092444974,Recommended,239140,27896633,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zer0,This game experiences amazing story and is really fun to play.There are some many beautiful moments and the music is beautiful.
,Recommended,239140,28514583,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jake Paul,Amazing game action packed gameplay combined with good graphics and a fairly decent storyline.The devolepers try to ENHANCE the expirince(heh get it cause its enhanced edition.....im so sorry)and make it unique and different from other games  *cough* fallout 4 *cough*. I give this game a 9.5/10.
76561198176537787,Recommended,239140,28492254,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Vel'Koz Cuz Leeg,This game is great. The story is amazing and who doesn't like a game that you can parkour and kill zomies at the same time. plus its multiplayer so WOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,239140,28454561,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dan,could make a patch that adds girl toons for girls who wanna play i think girl toons should be made in zombie games some times girls like them but guess we will see what the gameing companys do this game still awsome just wish there was a girl toon for my friends half of them girls Lol
76561198152590327,Recommended,239140,27695337,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fewchips,"I don't have a ton of time in Dying Light yet but so far it is stunning.  The music is amazing and honestly makes you want to keep playing.  The movement and mechanics are smooth, everything is just very fluid and I'm looking forward to sinking more time into it."
,Recommended,239140,14450419,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,R0bben^,Mirrors Edge + Dead Island + Far Cry 3 = Dying Light.
76561198049060471,Recommended,239140,14366107,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Broly,"Just like 1 guy said here ""The Walking Dead"" by day, ""I Am Legend"" by night ! A Masterpiece ! Dont wonder just get it and and take 1000% total fun. Even at night when i was like "" omg omg omg aaaaa "" i still has alot of fun. Definetly worth it !"
76561198052132186,Recommended,239140,14450638,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Crantor,A Zombie followed me on the roof and felt down and broke neck 10/10
76561198064234807,Recommended,239140,14441651,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,DennyVenom,"A great game, honestly. But it is almost unplayable because of the framerate issues. Every time a zombie charges me, my game starts to lag. After a couple patches, this game will be perfect, but for now you should wait to get it."
76561198107078059,Recommended,239140,14891410,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[Avious]ChromaAngel,"Wonderful gameplay full of parkour, beautiful surroundings, and, best of all, execlent zombie fun! This Open-World zombie survival game gives people hours of fun, collecting, and discovering. The creators of the dead islands have outdone themselves in this game. The campain offers a great part of the game where players will experiance challenges and thrills, especiallty at night! If there were any zombie game to get, this would be it.There are some issues including lag and some(hilarious) glitches, but other than that the game ran smoothly for me."
76561198125320495,Recommended,239140,14591468,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DLB,BEST GAME EVA
,Recommended,239140,19655079,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Serge Goujon,After finishing Dead Island and Riptide I found myself wanting for more of that awesome DI concept badly. Dying Light gave me all I was looking for. Look no further. Great game in all aspects. Especially when complete edition is so cheap right now. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,28911747,Posted: 1 January,all,NVyusGG | Twitch,"Hacks and cheats are still used within the game even though they say they have an Anti-cheat system. Once I finished both story missions, I hopped into multiplayer and was met by some kid using a speed hack. I watched him go from right in front of me to the next mission spot half way around the map in 1 sec. I asked him if he had a speed hack and was like ""yeah, and I look like a giant on my screen!"" I told him he was a scrub for using hacks and he left the game.Other than the lame kids who hack to play this type of game, it's really fun solo and with friends for the nightmare difficulty mini bosses. IMO, I don't see why you need hacks to play this game. It's fair enough in loot as it is."
76561198207916412,Recommended,239140,19396631,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,K3rv3ros,Best game ever!!!
76561198202191652,Recommended,239140,23530468,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,*JoJo Refrence*,Pros- Very big skill tree with multible branchs. Freerunning i fell like i am in a city parkouring through the city. Amazing combat system. Great mulitplayer were you can have up to 3 other players in the game. A wide varity to play through out the game. You can do a abundance of sidequest.Cons- A bad story were you dont care about most of the charaters. Very linier.I rate Dying Light 8.5/10
76561198154630575,Recommended,239140,30997745,Posted: 7 April,all,FANOS pvpro.com,I bought this game for 20$ and i can say that this is the best game I have ever played so far ...
76561198106290494,Recommended,239140,28541103,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Squarebox64,I really like this oneDefinitely get if you can play with friends but still amazing without
,Recommended,239140,14724204,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tzukasa,"Unbelievably good graphics, smooth seamless controls, parkour action, open world fun and a good story recommend this newest title from the creators of Dead Island. By far the best new game of 2015 and a must play. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20968640,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cansky,"This game is full of action and movement combined with the concept zombies. The fact that it has open world is even better, and there are many choices of melee weapons to find. Also heard about the new dlc coming out and have seen a video and that will be even more awesome. The storyline is interesting to me and the first pursuit in the mission 'Airdrop' was quite scary playing at night-time with full sound and not knowing how to open the flashlight. Overall: 4/5. Good game to buy when discounted. Bought it for 15 dollars."
,Recommended,239140,14640788,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,RaBBiT aka Sapo,It's similar to dead island except you parkour all over the place.If you enjoyed that game you'll love this one.Had no major problems but a couple of small ones (nothing anoying btw)I really think it's one of the best games released in the last months.
,Recommended,239140,14707326,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Björn Borg,I often dislike zombie games but this one is truely a masterpice <3
76561198056071731,Recommended,239140,16179300,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,csgobounty.com shure,“Openly lets you break a crying child’s neck”
76561198075331840,Recommended,239140,16147714,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,:o,Zambies And Parkour. Nuff said. 420/69 would be scared of night time again.
,Recommended,239140,15041486,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,DerHägel,"The amount of fun you will have before you have begun and you'll have done all but none, while on a long run in the sun toward a gun and you notice a girl with her hair in a bun, everything will be undone. Set your phasers to stun in the presence of a ton of zombies. If I find a man with just one pun, I'll mow him down with my mini-gun. I don't wanto to be outdone, so I'll rerun to outrun for the long run on my homerun, son! THIS GAME IS BAR NONE THE MOST FUN UNDER THE SUN!!!"
,Recommended,239140,15210586,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,coldsteel the hedgeheg,"Caused me sat on my chair for a week.Side quests are WAY better than storyline. I mean story ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, its cliché, Rais is ♥♥♥♥ing boring, all characters are boring.Graphics are just fine.Gameplay is fun but at start you can't even hurt a zombie, if you run just for 10 meters you run out of stamina (I don't mean I didn't like that though) and at the very end you become something like a god. I find that a little bit ""unbalanced"", I mean the gap is very high there is no connection between what you were and what you are.Anyway, better than Dead Island.7/10"
76561198276596495,Recommended,239140,28713411,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"* This game graphics are insane, one of the best out there* Really solid port* This game run excellent on 60 FPS and it feel smooth* Coop gameplay is amazing with friends* Be The Zombie mode is really entertaining* Great matchmaking* Good UI Zombies* Good looting system* Good upgrading system* Good skill progress* Preety deep story* And how can we forget the amazing parkour elements that make this game awsomeIn conclusin this game is the best Zombies game that iv'e played, giving it's amazing graphics and the amazing parkour elements that make this game not repetative and you want to keep playing itRaiting: 10/10 Essential"
76561198079287404,Recommended,239140,28085228,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Unmet Player,"awesome game best played with friends. If you play alone it might become a bit repetitive, but in this game its the more the merrier. For me the dlc totally takes the cake.Ps: In the following Coop partners cars trigger mines and mines wont despawn ever (even if you leave)Pss: Its instakill (just saying)"
,Recommended,239140,28959823,Posted: 2 January,all,Frosty,10/10 would hug a bloater again.
,Recommended,239140,29030953,Posted: 5 January,all,Raion247,I really really love this game. The story is good and there is lot to do. To me this game never gets boring. Ill be waiting for Dying Light 2 :) Absolutely recommend to buy this game
,Recommended,239140,23044469,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MagiKDragon,I like stomping people's heads in.
,Recommended,239140,25779746,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,LtRics,"After left4dead and fooling around with dayZ mod back in the day I was looking forward to something more story based. This game had that. Parkour system works really nice and it is a lot of fun to jump around between buildings and such.Survival part during daytime is fairly easy at the beginning, even more so after you progress into the game. Nighttime can be deadly and at the early stages of the game will get your heart racing. I am not the biggest fan how the firearms feel but malee is great fun.Lots of side quests to get immersed into the fait of the city, main story is alright. One gripe I had was the final quest, I did not like it that much but the overall gameplay still makes me come back and play this game.Overall it is a fun title and one can sync a fair amount of time into it. One aspect though which makes the game so much more attractive is the possiblity to play with friends, which can lead to some really entertaining moments :)"
76561198131368012,Recommended,239140,23838365,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,wakeme,"Edit  during  Nomination  week  2016 :pros :scary funsolid codeexcellent texture detailzombie voice actingclumsy stumbling  zombiesmulti-channel audiomusic   ambience .being  chased by zombieszombies breathing down the back of your neck , during chase""a surprise  zombie ,... look out !""escaping  a zombie's clutchesextreme  heightssuspense and mysterystoryopen world to roamsingle playerthe above ordering does not imply  preference .Edit  during  Nomination  week  2016 :steam  summer saile  2016 ,....Dying Light Following  or  DOOM  2016  ???Dying Light   wins .DLFhas , big RPG campaign  ,better mood  music ,  plot , writing ,..so far .No  rock N roll  music .Headphones work best  when blood suckers are behind you .As  a  great  comedian  once  said :""The  Demo  Made  Me  Do  It"""
76561198074155631,Recommended,239140,20054172,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RiKar97,This is got to be the best post-apocolyptic zombie game out there.
,Recommended,239140,20049813,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,djamestc,"What's not to like about this game?  This is the zombie game I have always wanted.  The mele zombie bashing is very satisfying.  The shooting combat is not bad.  You can run, climb, jump, grappling hook, craft weapons (what's not to like about a sickle with a flamethrower on the end of it?)  The campaign is fun whether you play during the day or at night.  The zombie invasions are a nice touch for multiplayer action.  Solid game.  8/10Linux Users:  Stay away from this one.  I can't get 60fps at 720p with every setting on low or disabled.....with an Nvidia Gtx 970............ a 970!!!  Keep in mind I get at least 60fps at 1080p with everything cranked to 11 on Windows.  It's sad too because this is a great game but it runs like hot garbage on Linux. (For comparison, this game runs better on my windows machine that had a 750ti in it than it did in my Linux rig with a 970.....Pitiful)  For Linux 2/10."
76561198010000809,Recommended,239140,20073887,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,])oo]v[,"Binge played thru the single played in a couple days, good game, freerun over zombies, would recommend. First night run is scary as ♥♥♥♥, tho later on nights get easy once you get the spiderman grappling hook (which feels a bit out of place as otherwise freerun is pretty grounded in reality) and a safezone is two hooks away most of the time.Don't feel like finishing up sidequests after finishing the story tho. I was at about 20% story, running around slums, doing random quests, fighting random bad guys and figured I'd do a story quest. Well the story quest escalated the events, one thing starting another, and for story reasons I wasted no time on sidequests (even tho I knew that the main story would ignore itself and wait for me) and once the story time pressure let up, I found myself at 83% story done. A sidequest, a mainquest and again story implies me being on time limit to do the final mission so I played along with it, killed the bad guy (which kinda sucked as the final fight was merely a QTE) and found myself back at the Tower. Yay, good guys won, freeplay time, but I just didn't felt like it.Having binge played and visiting real life only for bodily needs, I was pretty immersed into the game and so the tower I found myself in, even tho full of people, felt empty. Empty because some notable NPCs from the area were killed off during the story, the only one left is never around anyway, and the next most notable character was that Toygar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who, despite me running day and often night to help random people and killing THE bad guy, has the gull to tell me to ""dont stand around and do something"". Yeah, no. Was fun, but I'm done with this game world. Might revisit sometime tho for a run or two."
76561198073976329,Recommended,239140,19481765,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,OCDVanadium,"The park our aspect as cool, and the graphics are amazing, don't know about the zombies as much. But still a good game that I will definitely put more hours into."
,Recommended,239140,19297450,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Chrispy,"It's like Mirrors Edge mixed with Dead Island the crafting reminds me of Fallout 4 combined with dead rising since most of what you craft is ridiculous addons for Melee weapons. Inorder to upgrade a weapon you need to get the materials which can be found scavenging zombies and abandoned buildings. Not all mods work on all weapon types usually a mod will only work with say a blunt weapon or a sharp weapon sometimes its even more specific such as has to be a bat. There are Guns in the game for anyone who wasn't sure, unlike mirrors edge though you get a gun as well. The skill Tree System is great if not a bit grindy if you're pushing for a certain skill. But its not meant for you to grind skill. Since you gain it passively by just doing activities you would do anyways. Consumable crafting reminds me of the Witcher or a Chemistry Table in Fallout 4, these are used to buff your character temporarily and create medkits and other useful items. The crafting is also very reminescent of the last of us in the sense that you can craft distractions and molotovs out of scrap you find lying around. Without having to buy the seasons pass you can play as the Zombie it's best enjoyed with friends but even without them you can find someone to play with any time of day. When u start off tho its best to play during primetime so u will be more likely to get an evenly matched game. Another aspect that reminds me of Fallout 4 is the settlements you liberate, this is done by turning the power on and are used to sleep and store items. They are going to be raising the price of the game or dlc seasons pass I'm not sure which, but it's for a good reason. They're essentially adding in an expansion which ended up going overboard in terms of size. The current DLCs available are an Extra zone and a side mission where you seem to fight as a Gladiator or something idk I haven't done it yet.Overall I would reccomend this game, if money is a factor for you then you might want to wait for a sale to buy the game or if you're eager to play it just wait for a sale to get the seasons pass. Although during the fall sale it's only 40$ for both the game and seasons pass if you're interested get it now before the price goes up you'll be glad you did. If you aren't sure about the game there's a demo and if you still aren't sure after that you can always return it within I think 24-48 hours or 2 hours of gamplay I believe?"
76561198022887508,Recommended,239140,19357603,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,0o000|Meteora,Am I a scaredy cat or this game is frightening? I think both...I got it on %66 off. So little I played yet but it seems it worths the price.
,Recommended,239140,19355855,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,LightBoy,Really love this game best story ever
76561198018944227,Recommended,239140,19370821,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,JuicyOrange,best open world zombie game !!!!!
76561198018412716,Recommended,239140,19967325,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TermX,Mirrors Edge and Dead Island combined! Love it!
,Recommended,239140,20135730,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PandaMaster,"Dying Light is a fantastic open world game that improves upon Dead Island's flaws and introduces spectacular new mechanics and gameplay. To clarify I ending the game at Level 19/25, completed all main and side missions, and secured all safe houses.Pros:-The setting is beautiful. Nuff said.-Oh my lord, running around in this game is absolutely fantastic. Especially when you get the Grappling Hook. Freaking Spider-Man.-By the end of the game, all leveled up and whatnot, you are a complete legend. Slaughtering zombies is exhilarating, and one night I killed 7 volatiles in 2 minutes. It's awesome.-Side Quests-Side Quests-Side Quests-Side Quests are the best part about Dying Light. The characters are fun and hilarious, and the variety of them is fresh and just great. My personal favorite was Gas Mask Man.-I played the entire game with one of my friends and it was smooth and didn't feel hindering one bit. No connection problems or lag.Cons:-The story was okay, but lacked substance. It seemed lacking and fell short of what it could have been. The game left off with a semi-cliffhanger, but it more felt like they didn't feel like going on than a finale.-The final mission is difficult climbing and a long quicktime event. Kill me now.Besides the not-so-great final mission, I finished the game feeling highly satisfied, and will jump back in to get all the upgrades and fully level up my character. I eagerly await The Following expansion, and I definitely reccomend this game.Final Score: 8/10 - Great"
,Recommended,239140,20131741,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,witch queen,I give it a solid 5/7.
76561198027409413,Recommended,239140,20132027,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,zeus juicy,"This game is awesome. For my friends and I, it took us about 20 hours to complete the entire main story and there are still a lot of side quests that need completing.Some of the mechanics in the game especially towards the end are utter trash and are not fun at all. Also the Bozak Horde DLC is garbage and makes me butthurt 24/7."
,Recommended,239140,20133190,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lurrrch,"Dying Light has some length issues. The campaign is short, the skill trees are short, etc. But length doesn't matter if you know how to work it!;)"
,Recommended,239140,20144836,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dank Loaf,"Its the logic of why Harran hasn't been bombed and burnt yet to stop the massive zombie outbreak that transmogrifies ordinary humans into twisted beings of unnatural origin that seek to capitalise and destroy our primary existence is what makes no sense. But zombies are pretty cool though. And this game has zombies, lots of them."
,Recommended,239140,20115812,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cello,Entered hard mode.Parkoured onto a high roof.Jump kicked a bandit to the floor.Stabbed the guy in the back of the head 20 times with a knife.He gets up and one bangs me.69/10 best game ever.
,Recommended,239140,20117999,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Henri,"First time I was bored, but after 5 missions when I knew all things, this game was awesome. I have played only 2 hours but I like this game.+Graphics±Fps-Long first mission+Parkour+Zombies9/10"
76561198101317008,Recommended,239140,20706753,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,robot_lobster,Awesome fun time.
,Recommended,239140,20976503,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,KoKoSaK,It's good and cool game i like co-op but i hate ♥♥♥♥ing runers zombie in night... :/story 7/10Co-oP 10/10graphic 9/10Hw requirements 6/10 it's really difficult game on Hw requirementsopen-world 10/10gameplay 9/10 anytime bugs...but it's real cool game...
76561198073182397,Recommended,239140,29476277,Posted: 24 January,all,[H8ME] Method,"Wow, this game is pretty great.I'll admit that I had fairly low expectations going into this (I played dead island..nuf said?). But I had heard nothing but good things about this game from everyone I talked to, so I decided to give it a shot for giggles and ♥♥♥♥♥. It was a good decision.This is one of the most addicting games i've played in a really long time. And I don't think i've EVER played a game where the sense of progression from 'getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in' to 'being a certified, officially listed (capital B)adass' is so apparent and appreciated. I think Far Cry 3 did a really good job with this as well except there it is communicated more through dialog, whereas Dying Light does the same thing with gameplay mechanics. Seriously, when you start the game off you are garbage and your weapons may as well be made of soft♥♥♥♥♥♥tips. They do nothing. And it makes the game feel so raw and difficult and stealthy (especially at night..).Also worth noting is that this game puts you in this helpless state for longer than you might expect. But at some point. maybe 7 hrs in. maybe 10 hrs in.. you find a gun. maybe in some random, abandoned house on your way to some random waypoint...And you cherish. the.♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of that gun. For the first time in this dark, overpowered universe you finally feel like you have a little bit of ♥♥♥♥ing leverage.If 7 to 10 hrs into a game sounds like a pretty ridiculous amount of time for you to be denied a basic, mediocre damage weapon then let me tell you this: I was about 50hrs into this game before I found out that there is a second area..totally complete with new missions, new enemies, MUCH more powerful weapons, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g  g r a p p l i n g  h o o k (ffs), Also, once the stores start selling ammo (at about 15 or so hrs in for me) your options for gameplay are radically expanded for missions and exploring (still should be careful at night though, just a friendly warning).Buy the game. 9/10. -1 cuz story or something.p.s. do side missions. they're fun and you need them to level up..you want to level up.."
,Recommended,239140,29327004,Posted: 17 January,all,danklordgannon,Running across the rooftops of an abandoned city. Flying through the air with a grapple hook. Springboarding off enemy heads. What a beautiful feeling of freedom.
76561198024585582,Recommended,239140,28645350,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,yessir,Mirror's edge x Fear the walking dead.Gameplay is really fluid and fit the game. 12/10 recommend to othrs
,Recommended,239140,28578859,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,OdinTheAncient,"Have it on xbox one and bought it on sale on here once my buddy got it,its an awesome game and i highly recommend it"
76561198099024846,Recommended,239140,28806818,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kebabstian,Mnoo luda
,Recommended,239140,26704737,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Genisys,"Super fun game, night prowlers are stupidly overpowered and weapon degradation can be a massive bore but ultimately I wouldn't say it takes away from the experience."
,Recommended,239140,28591301,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bon3z ZA,"A highly recommended game for the zombie-loving, free-roaming, item-crafting bunch. Visually, Dying Light is impeccable, offering high-quality graphics on a large-scale map. Storywise, you are taken on an adventure through Harran, seeking answers and justice for the few remaining survivors. Great character diversity ensures you remain entertained throughout the entire journey. The biggest upside is that you do not need to undertake the challenge alone. The entire story is 4 player co-op compatible. The DLC- The Following, includes an extra feature of driving and upgrading your very own vehicle, which adds that extra touch to the customisation.Enjoyed the game thoroughly.I would rate it at 9/10."
,Recommended,239140,29975212,Posted: 16 February,all,Aaron Wroggers,"This game definitely caught me off guard during the Winter Sale and I have to say, by far it was one of the most fun open world games I have played in a while. I mean, I enjoyed GTA but I just got bored of the playing style that it enfolds. It was a nice breath of fresh air to have something like parkour in a game, especially an open world zombie killer. I just have to say that at the very least I am impressed. How are people complaining about only getting 40 hours? That's quite a bit of time for a game, not even to mention there is a lot of new DLC and they allow custom maps. Wish there was some sort of online servers similar to GTA or Just Cause 2 but none the less I enjoyed my time with the game and can say it was worth my money."
76561198291516069,Recommended,239140,29894310,Posted: 13 February,all,Apollo,Very good zombie game
76561197998145086,Recommended,239140,16982631,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,The Man From D.U.R.A.N,I killed the night hunter... WITH MY FISTS. And I also killed the middle-eastern equivalent of the Governer from the Walking Dead.
,Recommended,239140,18037206,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,3V3RD3AD,I think I need help
76561198099471626,Recommended,239140,17379557,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,FeatheredPheonix,"A gritty realism game in which you can dropkick zombies off rooftops, stab someone with a knife that is both electrically charged and on fire, then zoom away with a grappling hook made from ♥♥♥♥ if I know.10/10 would recommend."
76561197965479054,Recommended,239140,17357979,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,lokie*,Modge Needs To buy It Only Then Will My Life Be Complete
76561198092275157,Recommended,239140,17269306,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Magikarp,"if you didn't like dead island, you'll like thisif you liked dead island, you'll love this"
,Recommended,239140,17784567,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mini Koala,Jade's♥♥♥♥♥is on fire!!!!!!! 10/10
76561198111254184,Recommended,239140,17960019,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Kenpachi-Peps,"I am playing this game so much that I forgot that I have family and a girlfriend !!! xD Best Game Ever 10/10...you really need to buy it..... Great multiplayer, Great Story, Great Graphics and etc... I love it !!!!"
76561197981224501,Recommended,239140,17907408,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,skerr31,epic!!!!!!!
76561198131732852,Recommended,239140,17886840,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,The Later,Great Game!
76561198088875534,Recommended,239140,17847386,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,The foamy one,"Amazing game, one of the best zombie games ive ever played. if you are into zombie games there is easily 50 or 60 hours of fun for you in the base game. i would recomend this to anybody who loves zombie games."
76561198145876403,Recommended,239140,17492287,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Deks,If only there was a PVP FPS that had this games rad parkour system 10/10
,Recommended,239140,19924797,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,vhinzkie,Getting Hooked!
,Recommended,239140,19868126,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,smefzking,its ok
76561198085883594,Recommended,239140,18423988,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,AcHe,Best zombie/horror game i've played so far!
76561198174251514,Recommended,239140,18801250,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Z,this game is thrilling with vast places to explore and things to discover. I was never into zombie games until i played this one
76561197972774199,Recommended,239140,18973859,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Asonic-The-Fallen,This is one kick♥♥♥♥♥game!!!!! You will not be disappointed!!!
76561198176408347,Recommended,239140,19069437,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Macca,"This game is great, it combines parkour, on par/greater than the assasins creed series, mixed with fighting zombies and leveling up. story line is amazing. would recommend 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,19405500,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bbf3,"This game. This is the game.Back when it was released, Mirrors Edge was the only thing I played. Despite it's quirks, it was one of my favourite games of all time. The free running aspect and the challege of improvisation (in the sense that I could complete tracks through different means) was something I loved and really grasped, which is something I had rarely done in video games before. While the freerunning was fantastic, it really lacked a certainoomph, by which I mean the combat. It felt like an after-thought and really held it back from being really well rounded.Then Dead Island came out, and I felt like I was the only one who wasn't disappointed. Addmitedly it was hugely flawed, I really loved bashing those zombies heads in. The combat was visceral and effective, which is something I had wanted for a long time in a first person game, at least since the release of Dark Messiah: Might and Magic (which I played the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of.) While I logged a good 100 hours in that game (on the PS3) there were far too many quirks which was so detrimental to the quality that people almost saw it as a write off. The parkour was minimal, the later areas were far too confined and phoned in, and the combat really stagnated once you found the main types of enemies. I was also not really a fan of the environment, where I prefer a more (for lack of a better term) gritty atmosphere, especially for a game focusing around the zombie outbreak.And then Dying Light came out. Hoo boy.What a combination.While drawing from it's own inspiration, this game built upon what two of my all time favourite games failed, and excelled at. This has to be some of the most fun that I have had in a video game in a long time (rivaled only by Wolfenstein: TNO.) I'll stop rambling and give you the pros and cons of this game.Pros:- Incredible graphics and atmosphere- Free running through the city feels great and never gets boring- Combat system from Dead Island has been carried over and improved upon ten fold (including the improvement of the durability system)- GRAPPLE HOOK- It's god damned scary- Lots of weapons and customization- Huge city to explore- Giant wealth of content- New DLC is supposed to double the size of the game- Be the zombie mode, which is free (Dark Souls-esque PvP in which you can drop into peoples game as a Zombie and hunt them)- Newly added parkour challenges (among others which escape me at the moment)- Incredibly optimized and can run on high on my mid-tier GPU (Radeon R7 265)- A ♥♥♥♥ING GRAPPLING HOOKCons- Story is typical zombie fanfare, nothing to write home about- I honestly can't think of many cons for this game, I'm enjoying it so muchTL;DR:If you wanted just a bit more out of Mirrors Edge or Dead Island, or just mass killing zombies, get this game. This is the second time I've bought this (had to sell my PS4 for financial reasons) and if I lost my Steam account, you're damn sure I'd buy it again. Really incredible experience. Solid 9/10 in my books."
,Recommended,239140,19395336,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PhoenixGames,"What I did:1. Bought the game2. Downloaded3. Played4. Jumped out of a plane5. I heard a guy screaming for help6. Killed a zombie banging on a door7. Found the guy on the other side8. Turns out, I killed his brother (The zombie)9. He got infected10. Called for help from upstairs, the boss said he'll send the girl (Elevator)11. Looked for materials for a medkit for almost an hour12. Still no help13. Crafted a medkit14. Applied the medkit15. Help came9/10 - Realistic Emergency Response"
76561198068520584,Recommended,239140,17701522,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Audiophile,"Honestly at first i was like "" oh wow a wanna be dead island"" then i was like ""oh ok.......ohhhhhhh..........ohhhhhhhhhhhh"" then end of game ""OHOOHOHOH"" totally good game i thought the parkour/ free running was gonna be sloppy but they really make the conflicts in the game more of a flee from the zombies not mow em all down. and at the beggining of te game you really know what i mean but near th ending of the game you can face much more zombies. Great game 8.5/10"
76561198180758881,Recommended,239140,21071490,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Madara Uchiha,FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198043103804,Recommended,239140,17088505,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,shadownexous,Best Zombie game out there.
,Recommended,239140,20408753,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ruso Papi,"Open world, lots and lots of zombies, very sad, but interesting plot. Tearjerker. A lot of differnet modifications for weapons. But story is quite short. Also started to lag a little at the end. 8.5/10 Bloody zombies."
76561198044136508,Recommended,239140,20412867,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Malkurai,"My personal rating: 7.5/10   Worth getting at full price? Not really but is still worth it if you do everything.Dying Light is a first person action game that involves parkour, melee combat, some guns, and other fun features. The game takes place in a developing country that is hit with a zombie outbreak. You (Kyle Crane) are sent in to get a file for the company you work for but things kinda go downhill the second you get in.Pros-Interesting Story-Lots to do-Tons of weapon customization-Very large map-Tons to explore-Lots of sidequests-Fun and challanging multiplayer-Parkour!Cons-Short main story if you only do that-Controls take a lot of getting used to-Parkour in first person doesn't exactly work how you want it to sometimes-Guns come in about 2/3 the way through, and can only do so much-Final boss is a quick time eventThe start of the game is kinda slow at first. Your parkour is clunkey, your weapons suck, you die quickly, etc. But things pick up the more you run around and chop things up. Your parkour will go faster, you can craft better weapons, and escape from hoards with ease. Just be patient and be willing to explore nearly every nook and cranny for those spare parts.Parkour in the first person perspective barely works. Problem is you can't see your feet or your hands without looking up or down. Not to mention that when I reached for something above me, I wouldn't grab it unless I looked slightly down or upward. Can't tell you how many times that got me killed. But with a lot of practice you will get the hang of things, and running atop the roof and buildings becomes wicked fun.The story and dialougue is well down, and at times downright hilarious. There were moments where I had to pause the game because I was laughing at what Crane had said. The story can be done rather quickly if it is all you focus on. I did it with a mix of sidequests and finished it in around 15 hours. If I did the story alone, I think I could do it in around 7 hours. Mix it up and do sidequests to make it more fun and last longer.The controls take a lot of getting used to. I used a controller for most of the game, despite it being in first person. You can go and change them to how you like, but I stuck with the default settings. Jump was on R1. That took a LONG time to get used to. My hands also got tired after a while because I was pressing a lot of things to do parkour and stay alive at the same time.Overall, the game is awesome and worth full price ONLY if you plan to do everything there is to offer in the game. I got it on sale for $20 during the Holiday sale, and know it was completely worth it."
76561198141407523,Recommended,239140,20415437,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,YOUwin - WTS my csgo inv $100au,Great Zombie game to play with friends
76561198055469309,Recommended,239140,20433144,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Caspy403,A skillfully made combination of several genres with great graphics. Incredible.PS the chromatic aberration is AWFUL! I recommend finding a way to remove it
76561198095049645,Recommended,239140,20375527,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,NightHunter,"Dying Light is a open world, CO-OP adventure, plus a Night hunter gameplay for free.PS the best game of 2015"
,Recommended,239140,20377385,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,WutchZone,Have you ever though about how cool would we cutting off someone's head? No? So this is a great oportunity!!
,Recommended,239140,20231405,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GonzoPR,"Pretty much the only zombie game out right now, get on this rare gem ASAP."
76561198020829008,Recommended,239140,20233755,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Skillet,"20:00 (Just got done setting up traps for the tower, 4miles out}20:30 (Got side tracked killing zombies, tower announces to get back before night time) *I am a Ninja nothing can find me in the dark*21:00 (Darkness has fallen. zombies become more aggresive, new zombie emerges the vilotes leaders of the pack)21:30 (Zombie Player invades, I began to trash talk)21:31 (Zombie Player eliminates the trash talker)10/10 Would trash talk again"
76561198099512013,Recommended,239140,20235194,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shamanis,"Even tho i'm not that into zombie survival games, this game is awesome, it is something i've been looking for a long time."
,Recommended,239140,20235493,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Jiggy Llama,Main character does literally anything that's asked of him even if he has no idea what's going on10/10 would do again
,Recommended,239140,20452820,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kamisama,VERY ADDICTING!!
,Recommended,239140,20597671,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Saucy,9/11 Would ram jet into tower again
,Recommended,239140,16607722,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,seapepp,It becomes nightMy friends and I start daring each other to do thingsEventually 1 of them glitches the safe house and a Volatile gets in10/10 would break game again
,Recommended,239140,16616557,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,whtevr;,When you're not trying to kill everything at night. You run around parkouring anywhere possible.10/10
76561198092603005,Recommended,239140,14482614,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,blue,This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,14257091,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AlphaDogUK,"In my opinion one of the best games I have ever played, beautiful scenery, great combat, intense stealth and thrilling chases at night, very good missions and story line that gets you attached to the charaters and the crafting system is so much better compared to dead island.all I can say bad about it is a few optimisation issues, and the ending was a bit of a let down.9/10 for me."
,Recommended,239140,14463234,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LORDDEREX (Beta),If u like dead island i bet u will like dying light!
,Recommended,239140,14469168,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MegadethStar,Coop is really  fun and the parkour is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198060719009,Recommended,239140,14834272,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,McDonalds Internet,"Very fun game, couldnt stop playing it, reminded me alot of the dead island days :)"
,Recommended,239140,14852257,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Legend,hit a zombie and he just dissapeared 10/10 would do this again!
,Recommended,239140,14901317,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,General Butt Naked,Great game. awesome to follow the story with your friends!
,Recommended,239140,14884299,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,raad989,"there is a bakery called "" left 4 bread ""10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14235061,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,socalsoulkitchen,"It's basically Far Cry crossed with Assassins Creed, with zombies.  Zombies that you can kick in the face.  If you liked throwing rocks at people in Far Cry 3, wait till you kick a zombie in the face.  10\10 would kick faces again."
76561198102742921,Recommended,239140,14201991,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mr.See,do i really have to say much its a game where you do parkour and kill things its one of the best games i have played in a while with its incredible graphics and fun story this is a must buy but i would wait for a sale to come out
,Recommended,239140,14208945,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Yoda420🅱lazeIt,"One of the best coop campaign games i have played with friends in along time, your in for a great time i would highly recommend10/10 ign"
,Recommended,239140,14299661,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jewish Bird,Great Game! I would give it a 8/10 though because the ending was ok.... I mean you guys could have done better.
76561198007836939,Recommended,239140,14301354,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BODY MASSAGE,You can dropkick zombies10/10 would use zombie as springboard again.
76561198039450637,Recommended,239140,14312685,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mnacko,"Cut,smash,jump,run,shoot,dock,slide,cut more, smash more,blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up,run even more,jump higher,climb,loot,drop kick,falcon kick,smash,stomp.............."
,Recommended,239140,15998113,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Boxington,10/10 Would shock zombies with a knife 5ever
,Recommended,239140,14248287,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BECH,"Greatest zombie game of the year!I have been waiting for this game for a year, and it was diffently worth waiting for!10/10 - BUY IT"
,Recommended,239140,14628266,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,killrade,"SPOILER ALERT. Final mission is broken.The game is great execpt the final mission is broken as hell. Running accross the crane before it falls is impossible. If the crane started falling after i lifted myself up i could make it but it start right under the bar before the lift up and falles before i get to the last segment every time. I even tried jumping on the blast to see if it purpelled and nothing. Doesn't matter how fast you run it will always fall before you can jump off to safty and thus never able to complete the game; I even tried jumping from the 1st and 2nd bar and it still isnt enough time. If you use the py suit and jump from the 4th bar and then you can avoid the crane falling but it glitches the mission so you can never complete it.Everything else is great however...As good as this game is i can not recommend a game that i am unable to complete due to a very broken design flaw in the games AI and/or timing event.Fix this and i will change my reveiw.Fix: turn graphic all the way down and put game in <720 window. Its frame rate issue in the game,"
76561198067869074,Recommended,239140,14639466,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Xanfu,"I'm going to start a small pro vs. con for this game. This is based on my time playing. I've played through the whole story and many of the achievements.Pros:- Crazy amount of crafting, blueprints, adds, etc.; it's just damn fun making something new.- Grappling Hook: That thing is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥..when it works.- Night is scary as hell. Love it.- There's nothing like massive gore every where to brighten your day.- Lots of skills to unlock and mastering them is great.- The world is friggin beautiful; well, as beautiful as a quarantined zombie infested city can look.- Fun easter eggs. Mario level, Expcalibur sword, dancing zombies...good stuff.Cons:- Grappling Hook: Open world game, but not an open world device. ""You're exhausted, you cannot use grappling hook."" Sound familiar? Or how about trying to use it on stone and cliffs...good luck there.- The zombies that blow up are just a waste of the player's time. There's really no point in putting them in the game other than to frustrate the gamer. /high five devs- The story is just...blah.- Trying to find a game as the zombie is non-existent. Even if you find a game, you get booted instantly. Glad this was a selling point for me.- After you get up in levels the skill trees are boring since you're just putting points into things that you don't really care about. At first you feel like you have a sense of individuality, but eventually everyone is the same.- Bugs and getting stuck in random places- No controller button customizationAt first I was going to give this one a rest because I was having issues with the controls and then later some technical issues, but I persevered and stuck with it. I totally recommend this game to anyone and I'm looking forward to any dlc to come."
76561197987722472,Recommended,239140,31088201,Posted: 11 April,all,BL|NK⚡,Good for couple's co-op.
,Recommended,239140,17308340,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,-AW- Adretheon,"Fun game. Syle was neat and the gameplay was smoother than I was expecting. During the whole game I was comparing the parkor to Mirrors edge, and I feel like this game pulled it off a little better. The only thing I would mention is i wish the climbing parts of the game where more availible and open. They made a point to tell you to climb stuff for flags, but the tallest places were main quest locations or you couldn't get to(the tower) . That was a tad dissipointing, but not a deal breaking. The other thing was that the climbing felt linear. There wasn't a lot of freedom to choose how to climb. Just look for the tell tell signs of a climbale surface and go there.FIghting was fun. I like it when a game does first person melee right. It just feels good. Unfortunatly the game suffered from the same problem that people had with mirrors edge. When a game is primarily close combat, it's hard to bring guns into the game effectivly. I hated any mission or fight that included guns. It broke the rythm of the game for me. I had to stop, go to my inventory, get a gun(if I had one), and get re-used to the stiff gun mechanics. If the game included a disarm ability then it would have been fine.The story was alright. And that's all I'll say about that for now to not spoil anything. The only general compalint I had was that it felt like the last few main missions just dragged the game on. Because of that it killed the ""boss fight"" for me.The game's still fun, and I'd still reccomend it. Seems like the Devs are good guys, and that the game has been updated with a bunch of free content which is always nice.::::SPOILERS-ISH::::I had a mess of issues with the story. But as it's a zombie parkor game that played as well as it did. I'm not letting it effect how I feel about the game. However, the game really wants me to believe that after I got one of their guys killed before they knew who I was they still trusted me with what seemed like a pretty important misson. You do one training misson and a fetch quest, but that's all it took to be one of the guys? That bugged me so much during the game. You go from a nobody who just got one of their guys killed(who the leader said was like a brother to him) to basically second in command in the course of like three missions.Also, the ending. You build up this great bad guy. A crazy messed up dude that you just wanna kill from the get go. And he was a good charecter too, nice back story about his brother. You can't build up all this hate and then end the game in a stupid♥♥♥♥♥quick time event. That was so disappointing. It was like putting the main focus of a trailer on a bad guy as badass as Deathstroke and end up having a 5 min quick time event fight about 20-30mins into the game. You just don't do that. Give me the satisfation of the kill.The end just kinda happened too. I know I said the game dragged, but I wish there would have been the ""turn in the research to the Dr"" quest. Then have a more satisfying ending after you did all the side quests while the Dr worked on the cure. The way it ended just seemed lackluster to me.But as I said, it's a zombie parkor game. So I wasn't expecting a Spec Ops: The Line story. And again the main focus of the game is the gameplay, and it's fun. So go play."
76561198097602722,Recommended,239140,17656270,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Deminok,"By far my favorite zombie game. Very immersive, and fun as hell to play. I find myself sometimes just running around killing zombies in the many different ways they give you and feeling a deep sense of satisfaction. Trust me..when you run at full speed, jump off a 1 story building to dropkick a zombie into a wall with such force that his head explodes...then you'll see why I'm giving this game a 3 thumbs up ;) Graphics and gameplay are great. My only complaint is that the zombies can hit you through a fence, kinda takes away from the immersion aspect a little. 10/10 \m/ Well Done"
,Recommended,239140,14262783,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spoopyj42,Hands down best zombie game i have ever played :)
,Recommended,239140,14313323,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Molkifier,"An old man told me his wife turned zombie in his basement. He asked me to put her down humanely.I drop-kicked her against the wall, set her on fire, hacked off all her limbs with a meat cleaver, rifled through her pockets for loose change, and then returned to the man having smeared her guts all over my face.10/10 Feel-Good Family Game of the Year"
,Recommended,239140,14721862,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dragriff,"So after around 30 hours of playing, I can safely say that this game was well worth the purchase.First of all: It does have performance issues on AMD systems, in my case: an AMD GPU (Radeon R9 290X). It has gotten slightly better now, by the looks of it, but my frames still drop in certain parts. Nothing horrible, but definitely noticable.Other than that... This game is tons of fun. Parkour over buildings, cars, fences and even zombies themselves. Craft items and upgrade your weapons to smack some zombies' faces in more efficiently. Wait for night to fall for ultimate fear. (No, seriously, night time will f**k you up if you're not SUPER ULTRA careful, even in late game)Graphics look really good and lively, however it does, indeed, suffer a bit in terms of character facial animations and such, though they seemed to improve towards late game.  Either way, nothing one can't ignore.So in short: a very fun game with pretty graphics and lots to do and to explore."
,Recommended,239140,20230880,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,levyb,Really great game if you liked Dead Island.
76561198161617247,Recommended,239140,19141752,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Razer_89,"Fun game and well made. Nothing quite like free running through a city with inumerous infected all trying to get a hold of you to have a quick meal. Anything that you see, you can basically climb up to get away. Infected can be pretty difficult to kill at first but eventually you level up abilities and can handily beat them to a pulp. Even with a bland storyline the gameplay more then makes up for it.8/10"
76561198057110148,Recommended,239140,19147462,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Bigvac,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,239140,19173035,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,crazybalidog,"Parkour is great, combat is great, overall everything is great (except story :c)"
76561198010633047,Recommended,239140,19202632,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,RX-1,"First review I ever wrote for a game but I had to on this one. This game ruined me. I played it completely through 5 times and I just keep going because I no longer have any interest in anything else. This game is so good that honestly, nothing else compares, at least for me. I am a lone gamer. I dont play multiplayer, etc. I'm just a loner, I hate 3rd person (too reminiscent of a console) and i love character development. My previous favorite game was far cry 4, before that, farcry 3. You get the point. Other games i love are portal 2, L4D, and Alien Isolation. Games with a super strong single player storyline."
76561197999462428,Recommended,239140,19206889,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Harambe,good game to play witha freind.
76561198082881046,Recommended,239140,19207277,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hana Song,"Love the game, one of the main things that I would love to see in this so far is a sniper rifle (many might and possibly disagree with me on that, but~ to each their own) . Graphics are nice but slightly too heavy. I have a computer that can run Skyrim (ultra graphics)  with a load of graphic enhancement mods in it and run it a solid 60 fps but on here I'm running a solid 20-30 fps. Other than those Dying Light is a massively fun game to derp around in before, during and after completing the story missions, side, and repeatable. Enjoy the zombie killing, and remember: Good Night Good Luck."
,Recommended,239140,19207381,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Brossie,"parkour n zombie, enough saidbut there's 1 cons, which is the story n quest is too little for a open world game"
,Recommended,239140,19215248,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Jon Snow,drop kicking a zombie into spikes 10/10
,Recommended,239140,27708603,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OVERLORD (TSFC),"Highly recommend this game! I always thought that the Left 4 Dead series was and always will be the best zombie game, until I played this! Can't get enough of it."
76561198081878454,Recommended,239140,27718615,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ni🅱️🅱️a,"Even if i have not played this game a lot, it is the best zombie/survival game i have ever played. It has an amazing parkour system, combat is great, the graphics are amazing and it runs stable at 60fps on max settings (but that depends on your PC specs of course). I can't say a lot about the story, as i just finished the prologue. But overall the game is great."
,Recommended,239140,29358003,Posted: 19 January,all,roboticred,"I loved Dead Island and I love this game more for the sake of going around and killing zombies whenever you want and in whatever way you want, the only complaint which is a bit childish im not going to lie and it is that the Following DLC shotgun and revolver animations are a bit off... :/ Still good game anyway."
,Recommended,239140,29287817,Posted: 15 January,all,FoxClubNiner,"I haven't played through the whole game yet but I'm absolutley loving this game so far!It's a must play for ""Zombie Apocalypse"" nerds!"
,Recommended,239140,29289128,Posted: 15 January,all,Zoffix Znet,"Did you enjoy Assasin's Creed, Far Cry, Skyrim, and Just Cause? Then this game is for you, as it rips off all of them! You get to parkour, capture ""outposts"" (safehouses), unlock containers with a lockpick, and wheeze around using grapling hook! Also... ZOMBIES!Despite being the most unoriginal game I've played in a while, this game isgood. The components that are ripped off are very well made. The game's day-night cycle is the most beautiful I've seen; the night actually LOOKS like a night: you can't see anything without a flashlight. Swimming actually looks like actual swimming (try staying underwater until you die to see realism there too).I also liked the difficulty progression. I played the game on ""Easy,"" but at the start it was still pretty tough. Killing one normal zombie was a challenge. I didn't dare go out in the night when the fast and scary zombies are about. I didn't dare to blow anything up, as noise alerts fast zombies. But as the game progresses, normal zombies start to be easy and impossible zombies hard. I think it plays well with your character: being a total noob at the start but then learning the skills and becoming more formidable.I found some quests convoluted, where the quest characters have a very obvious and simple solution to their problem, yet they would not take it. The main story's plot would sometime just fade out (or lights would go out) into the next scene with a ""surprise"" cut, yet the setup for it just couldn't possibly happen so fast.The main character can't seem to make up his mind on whether he's a badass mofo or a saint. In one dialog he threatens; in the next he plays the good guy all of a sudden. He's also very obviously being had by various characters, yet he's too stupid to realize it soon enough, and when he realizes he's been had, he doesn't do anything to get back at the offender. Most characters are pretty flat and uninteresting and there are a couple that are completely nonsensical.However, despite these shortcommings, the game's mechanics are very well made and it is very enjoyable, and so I recommend it."
76561198099957476,Recommended,239140,21373284,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dead Benny Bunny (Mako),Gets covered in too much blood and cant take a shower. 10/10 Wouldnt shower again.
,Recommended,239140,24454971,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GerryWJH,"This game was recommanded by my friend and it is such a blast to me, it is horrifying but not too much for me as a fear-zombie boy, I even purchased another one during sale for another friend of mine who was generic afraid of zombies. Amazingly he overcame the fear and start addicted to it like me after I pushed him to pass the tutorial."
76561198165327083,Recommended,239140,28552084,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,binaryDivision,"Absolutely perfect. Since I've played that, I'm missing the parkour movements in other games ;-)"
76561198061121249,Recommended,239140,28557610,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FreekickerzCurlz,"Great game and good coop play, nice dlc"
76561198124786552,Recommended,239140,29510565,Posted: 26 January,all,Husky Glasses,"This is a really great game with hilarious physics and awesome mods.The only thing that bothers me is only the night hunter mode.It's really confusing and quite difficult for new people fighting a Carnivore Rank and Above.Other than that,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfYnZtDg6pM"
,Recommended,239140,27223342,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ashiyu,THE “I THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS COOL BEFORE IT WON AN AWARD” AWARD
76561198038341507,Recommended,239140,28909325,Posted: 1 January,all,Halpan,"The Following - I love it, Thank you10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20399257,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Harlifer,"> Is gay.> Enjoys putting candy canes in my♥♥♥♥♥ Np shame.> Buy this game with bud, do co-op.> Day 3, it's nighttime.> Friend gets snatched into the air by mega steroid zombie.> Screams at me over voicechat to save him.> Books for my life instead, starts crying.> Friend saves theres no need to cry, it was a smart move in the end.> Can't let him know I clenched so hard candy cane shattered.10/10 would bleed out of the♥♥♥♥♥again for this game."
,Recommended,239140,32451069,Posted: 15 June,all,|Foxy|,"It's a pretty good game. I know, i've played it total 1 hour now on PC. But over 400 hours on PS4 until my PS4 died. IF you like zombie survival co-op type of games this game is just right for you. I recommend to buy."
76561198124097960,Recommended,239140,32439306,Posted: 15 June,all,Davve,its a fun game to get intense in :D
76561198041396556,Recommended,239140,18944510,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,PandemicFallout,"This game feels unique, truely satisfying when killing zombies.Weapons are awesome, and it focuses more on melee weapons, so theres lots to choose from.Many hours of gameplay than a typical game, replay value is high.Game is a bonus if you got friends for missions.Only flaw is that there is no one to play with when u want to be the zombie."
,Recommended,239140,19923088,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,mell0w,"If you thought Dead Island was allready good, take a look at this game.Dead Island in a fantastic renewed style!Movement mechanism, weapons, crafting,..Intense story.Beautiful graphics.Co-op available in story mode.And there's also a nice multiplayer mode."
76561198036587242,Recommended,239140,32457760,Posted: 15 June,all,Shadowkillsu,"One of my favourite games to play in co-op. This is an amazing title that you can sink a tonne of hours into if you want to explore everything and do all the quests and all of it can be done in co-op, so you don't need to go alone! you also get the steam workshop for community made maps, that's cool too.With the new announcement of the devs putting out new DLC over the course of 12 months I'm sure there will be alot of returning players that would love to get back into smashing some zombie heads"
76561198106626546,Recommended,239140,18618604,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hank Hill,The most immersive game I've ever played. It makes you feel like your in a real zombie apocolypse. 10/10
76561198068621019,Recommended,239140,21929223,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ozan.meister,Awesome game
76561198117776923,Recommended,239140,29347165,Posted: 18 January,all,death killer,love it so moch buy it so moch fun [; best game ever
76561198257753265,Recommended,239140,32473313,Posted: 16 June,all,Mysto,"This is one of the first games I've played where you're not some overpowered beast right from the start. You have to work to get powerful. And once you do that, you have to work even harder to survive the night without stealthing everywhere and avoiding the ♥♥♥♥ing Volatiles. I hate those those ♥♥♥♥ing things."
,Recommended,239140,20601639,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,LinuxCharms,"There really only a few things you need to know to know you should buy this game. Those are:1.) Zombies.2.) Parkour.3.) Katanas with electricity, toxins, fire, and bleeding effects. Not to mention countless other bladesThis game is pretty awesome as far as your typical zombie game goes. The parkour element to help you navigate the terrain is something I haven't seen in another game, and I've played video games since I was around 5; I'm almost 20 now. Anyway, aside from that, there are countless side quests you can do after the main mission is completed. The main mission took me around 24 hours of gameplay to complete. I'm still working on doing the side quests (there are 44 total ranging in difficulty) and they are just as good as the main story!All in all, this game has a lot of content for the price. The graphics are also pretty intense, especially if you have the specs to play on higher settings."
76561197975736940,Recommended,239140,29570057,Posted: 29 January,all,Subway,"Don't let my hours fool you I've played a whole lot more of this game offline as my internet is rubbish.After completing this game I can honestly say that this is one of my favourite games I've EVER played and always had me wanting more and more, with a fun open world, amazing parkour and an engaging and realistic setting with some very well made combat."
76561198080781507,Recommended,239140,19176099,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,"I can say some things about the game, definitely the dialogue is a shame. Some parts are good, others are way too dumb, and at least, Crane’s dialogue does seem, sometimes, like something in a person in that situation would say. There is some characterization regarding the characters, but not enough to make me care about them, nor I found a reason regarding why the hell somebody would follow Rais when he just throws his men around to die, has dumb plans and overall, only succeeds on stealing things that then get stolen from under him. Gameplay was fun, at least for most of the game, after a while I got bored on the excessive amount of parkour one had to do to get around. I would say, buy it, play it, when you find it at a decent discount."
76561198195911828,Recommended,239140,32748304,Posted: 24 June,all,Ulfur,"I really liked the game, it's probably my favorite game. Add me if you want really good weapons and a ton of crafting parts."
,Recommended,239140,32761528,Posted: 25 June,all,gir,Just about fully coop campaign besides beginning and dead last mission worth it with friends!
,Recommended,239140,27938005,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hoax Beaver™,Not a fan of zombie games. but this masterpiece made me love runing and hiting the undead.
,Recommended,239140,24146928,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,EagleEye,Dying Light was an incredble mix of a zombie massacre and a parkour game. My only downside would be that the following has too much driving around and too little parkour.
,Recommended,239140,32698268,Posted: 23 June,all,Spyke ᵀᴴᴱ'ᴼᴿᴵᴳᴵᴻᴬᴸ,"OMFG YES I would recommend this game! I have over 220 hours on this game since I picked it up and I've replayed the story so many times.. and that's not even with friends online doing the campaign... OF WHICH YOU CAN DO! You can play through the entire singleplayer with up to four friends!Get this game, it's fantastic! <3"
,Recommended,239140,32702025,Posted: 23 June,all,QuietCoyote,"This game is the most fun zombie game that I've played in my personal opinion. There's something amazing about being barely able to fight in the begining where you are paranoid and running for your life, then  at the end of the game being able to mow down hordes with your electrically-powered flamethrower broadsword. The sense of progression is satisfying and pushes the player to switch up playstyles throughout the game. Weapons break after a time, encouraging you to constantly be crafting new things with whatever materials you happen to have available. It's an addicting blast to play.Plus the DLC gives you a car. Mowing down zombies in a car is glorious."
76561197993859171,Recommended,239140,19506098,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jrmo,Its awesome!
,Recommended,239140,22017208,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,MisterOates,"I'm not going to lie, most of my reviews for the games I have played have been positive. That is a good thing though. It means I have a great taste in games. ;) I'm only kidding, or am I? I'm just starting off in this game. Have about 14 hours already. I bought the deluxe or enhanced or whatever it is called of this game for $60 just about a month ago. 14 hours may not seem like much but it is also because I like jumping around on the games that I do own. So what can I say about this one? I was a fan of Dead Island and if you happen to love that game, then you will love this. I think this one is a little more brutal and gory. Then again, I just recently switched to playing on the PC. I was a console gamer not too long ago so it could be that Dead Island on the PC is just as gory. Graphics aside, yes this game is great. I feel pretty weak starting off especially when a random stranger decides to join in on your game and is twice as good as you. I don't mind though, knowing how powerful I can eventually become later on. I do believe at night it is a little too dark for my liking. So I try and avoid any playtime then unless I'm doing a quest. It could be my monitor and it could be the game itself. Basically that is my only grip in this fantastic game. I definitely recommend it, if you are willing to throw down $60 that is. :)"
,Recommended,239140,32727596,Posted: 24 June,all,david,"The parkour is fun and fluid, the fighting isn't annoying, 'tis good"
76561198038750779,Recommended,239140,27998423,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Into The Great Wide Open,"This game can be absolutely terrifying. Climbing alone is terrifying on the Bridge. Running around the city in the day can be terrifying enough....then when night falls it is absolutely the most scared I have personally ever been in a game. The Mutated come for you so fast and so overwhelmingly I am convinced that nighttime in Dying Light is the best representation of what a real apocalypse would feel like. Excellent job, the music is superb, the fear is real and well presented.Bravo! 9\10"
76561198139522177,Recommended,239140,32866297,Posted: 27 June,all,Madgeko,"Truly a great game.  The graphics are great, the gameplay is great.  And due to the Co-Op / PVP mode, you find yourself going back in and playing with people over and over.  Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,239140,30915217,Posted: 2 April,all,The Princess of Kink,"finish base game, play the following and never play it again.Nah but seriously, one of the best zombie games i have played in a long time. Think mirrors edge meets dead island.The story isnt that bad, its not the best but it has its moments. The quests and grinding are a bit of a drag but its well worth it for the gameplay. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the gameplay. Every hit you land on something has a crunch, the kicks with the xray bone breaking, the climbable walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥you can use while jumping off said walls.Doing legendary ranks isnt worth it, i wouldnt recommend doing them."
,Recommended,239140,32842511,Posted: 26 June,all,TheChef779,"**NOT done with it yet.  But wanted to check in to say this is a fantastic game so far.  Only wanted to dissect one thing - the fear level of the game.  For other folks like me that love big AAA open world games with beautiful graphics but also don't like to be scared - pick this game up on sale and give it a shot.  It's not a straight up ""horror"" game like Outlast and thus far there aren't many *unpredictable* jump scenes.  But I don't want to undershoot the horror either.  Weaving in and out of zombies and being chased and then missing your jump up to safety will throw your♥♥♥♥♥out of the seat with frustration and horror.  Most of the game so far (and I'm told for the rest of the main story) is done outside in daylight but there are a few missions that take you inside dark abandoned buildings or tunnels or have you outside at night.  These, I could do entirely without.  As for the daytime stuff I became pretty accustomed to knowing how to zone out the biters and run around fairly calmly knowing that they can't do much to get you (with the exception of the daytime virals).  But that's as far as I'm comfortable going - not that the scarier indoor missions aren't well written or that they won't please others - but personally I would definitely vote to leave those missions out if that were possible.  Nighttime is a whole other ballgame.  Again, this may be for some people but it's not my thing.  The volitales are very present and quick moving and just when you realize that you can just run around in the dark (flashlight will attract them) and use your map to navigate - you're reminded that all the casual biters are still out in full force blocking roads/sidewalks/hallways etc.  I do not recommend nighttime - but there are plenty of other lolsy reviews to tell you about that.TL;DR: it's not a horrifying game - but it's one that I definitely have to stop playing about an hour before bed so that I have time to watch some episodes of Family Guy or LinusTechTips to calm down - remind myself that the IRL world isn't actually full of biters."
,Recommended,239140,24196401,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Strand,"I am re-playing this with a friend that is playing for the first time and I'm still having a blast with it.I love being able to hockey tackle my way through hordes of zombies over and over again.The satisfaction of getting headshots with a bow, rifle or pistol is equal the first time, as well as the 1000th time.Chopping of head and slice zombies in half is never gonna get boring.One of my all time favourite games."
,Recommended,239140,19988294,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Theanine,"Great game, and a big improvement over Dead Island in most ways.However, the final boss fight is TERRIBLE. The entire ""fight"" isjust a series of quicktime events. The main villain himself is really bland and uninteresting too. Very cliché ""copy and paste"" sort of villain.Additionally, the weapon crafting and upgrade system is nowhere as fun as it was in Dead Island. Weapons break too quickly and can be repaired a finite amount of times. I honestly hardly ever upgraded anything in my playthrough as a result, because I knew the weapon was going to die on me soon enough anyway.With that said, though, the game IS very fun and has some of the best parkour I've ever played in a videogame. It's not as scary as Dead Island most of the time, because now you can climb yourself to safety the majority of the time. But that changes completely if you venture through the city at night, when the game becomes absolutely terrifying.I definitely recommend this game. Despite its flaws, it's the best attempt at an open-world zombie survival game I've played thus far. The main overarching story is pretty forgettable and boring, but if you take the time to do optional quests around the city, you'll be pleasantly surprised by some really well-written little sidestories. These sidequests were what made the game memorable the most to me."
,Recommended,239140,32903973,Posted: 27 June,all,okay,"Good story, fun to play, cool mechanics.Really good game!"
,Recommended,239140,26106886,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Proifire,coop on point.
76561197960688488,Recommended,239140,25935233,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dreadnought,"If you like zombie games, Dying Light has a ton of bang for your buck! This game delivers a great balance between action and role-playing elements. There is a good variety of weapons as well as a moderately deep crafting system. I initially thought that the parkour movement system might be a drawback to the enjoyment of the game but I was wrong in the best way possible. The movement system is fluid and different from many other games while still being easy to use. Once you get the basics down, the movement system lends itself to some amazing zombie escape maneuvers as well as some fantastic zombie killing moments. I haven't played this cooperatively yet but since the single player element is done so well, I can only imagine that destroying zombies with your friends is even better. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198023736869,Recommended,239140,25961434,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Charmando,One of the best zombie games.
,Recommended,239140,29113446,Posted: 8 January,all,Adhoooooom,very wow game. 11/10 IGN story isnt gr8 m8.
76561198114774904,Recommended,239140,33076695,Posted: 1 July,all,Loopenkoopen,Its hard to find games with good fluid gameplay now dying light has gameplay. Yes the story is sometimes predicible but it can be immersive. Then there is the frame drops people complain about it isnt that bad i got them about 2 every 5 hrs of playing (straight) and it would only last about 2 minutes at max. in all its a great game But it is way better with freinds and all the bugs often shown in videos and such are rare or common in my experience i experienced only one but that made it impossible to proceed again. the game is good < for anyone who skips until conclusion 8.5/10
76561198078464215,Recommended,239140,33063126,Posted: 30 June,all,pal1d1nl1ght,"An Excellent game. If you are upset about Yager getting the rights to Dead Island, play this. Its made by techland but has mirror's edge style movement"
76561198383466474,Recommended,239140,32706498,Posted: 23 June,all,Kaybaybay,"I am 96% through so this isn't a complete review but my mobo bricked and I don't want to wait. This is the first time I was truly addicted to a game. I normally stop to clean my house or make food. Not while playing this, I did played for every waking moment. I only got a few hours of sleep on work nights. Anyway, why it is so good! The missions were so exciting I could stop until it was over but it never over because you have to do the next thing. And then the side missions challenged you like having to go out at night. Let's talk about that... some ppl said not to play unless it's co-op, well I suck at gaming and I did it! (Maybe I'm secretly awesome ha!) It is hard in the begging but isn't it always. Towards the end, I was awesome. However, for me personally, I was always too scared to go out at night. If those night monster/zombies see you and they almost always catch you, your done. There's no getting away unless you run fast or use the grappling hook  (get at level 12) even then I couldn't do it. I would just hide not in a safe zone so I could get double points. I can't wait to fully level up and I'm truly sad the missions will be over. It will still be fun to explor around and collect things but the missions were fun and challenging. I do still have many challenges to do and people to protect. I actually did lile the story, of course it's no bioshock infinite but still decent. The only negatives that were true for me was, the frame drops occasionally and silly things like my hand through a door or a zombie halfway in the top of scar. Par-coring around is really fun especially with that grappling hook. This game is so stupid amazing you will be devastated when its over. There is always zombies to kill but idk if it will be the same. It's mostly melee combat as you can imagine guns attack zombies and are actually way less powerful that swords and other tools. I mostly used then against guys. I even found running for air drops before the goons got them fun and many times they are there first just waiting for a fight which your happy to oblige. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is long, I could go on for days. 50 hours in and 100s more to come. F***ING BUY THIS NOW!!! you will see what I mean or regret you didn't get it sooner."
76561197986461961,Recommended,239140,31214460,Posted: 18 April,all,♥ Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ ♥ Butt3rfly,Fantastic game play! its quite like dead island but i love that sort of thing highly recomend
,Recommended,239140,17915476,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hi I'm Link from Gamecube,This game is rad as ♥♥♥♥. Love the atmosphere!
76561198116709279,Recommended,239140,32862282,Posted: 27 June,all,Appelknekten,"TL;DR: great zombie game. 8/10. Really fun, also good for the occasional scare that isn't even scripted events. But what really holds the game back is a crappy story. But that story doesn't completely run the fun gameplay. Recommended to play with friends.I want to be up front about this one: I spend about 95% of the time playing with someone else. The multiplayer element is, for the most part, non-intrusive. You can switch costumes so you don't look like two clones running around and people don't notice your imaginary friend. Playing together makes the fun funnier, and the stress even more stressful. Instead of game overs, you get the joy of having to rescue your buddy -- who probably is now dying because of something you did. Try not to lose your friendship over how clumsy any of you might be. And with up to 4 player gameplay, this is fun for the whole group.When played single player, the game becomes more quiet and less fun. The travelling feels lonely (which is the point, I guess?), and your only interractions with human NPCs that are not scripted or within confines of safe zones are usually as enemies. Despite you being led to believe there are a lot of runners around within your community, you never really see any of them. So the NPCs you work for feel like they are literally waiting around for you to do all the work. Which you kind of are.I won't spoil the story, but safe to say the DLC has a better story than the core game, but I am pretty sure you have to beat the core game before you can access said DLC. In the DLC you get access to even more weapons, and also a car you can drive in that DLC area. Which is pretty nice. But only when you share the car with other players.Dying Light is best played with other people. Sure, it's less scary, but this isn't a very scary game to begin with. Most scares are from enemies suddenly appearing around the corner and attacking you without you expecting it. But you get the same spooks when playing with other people. The more, the merrier."
,Recommended,239140,32183112,Posted: 4 June,all,AazTeeTu,ระบบการเล่นคนทำเก็บรายละเอียดได้ดีข้อดี+ การเคลื่อนไหวต่างๆ ดีมาก+ สกิลหลากหลาย บางอันก็ดูไร้สาระแต่ออกมาแล้วมันส์ดีจริงๆ เช่น ท่ากระโดดถีบขาคู่ และท่ากระทืบหัวซอมบี้ (เตะทีหัวขาด แต่มีดฟันไม่ตาย)+ เสียงในเกมหลอนมาก เสียงผีร้องหลอนๆ รอบๆ ตลอดเกมข้อด้อย- รูปแบบซอมบี้มีน้อยไปหน่อย
,Recommended,239140,32216082,Posted: 6 June,all,OCCVLT,yep good game ...ok next game please
76561198077890948,Recommended,239140,32216699,Posted: 6 June,all,Ninja,This game is a real good game ton of hours of fun i rly like it :)
,Recommended,239140,32878057,Posted: 27 June,all,Sniff,"Very fun game to play with really nice parkour mechanics. I got the enhanced edition for $24 on the summer sale, so it was a fantastic deal."
,Recommended,239140,18581379,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Blumpkin_Boi_666,You can kill zombies 10/10
,Recommended,239140,32967747,Posted: 28 June,all,gila,Gud gam
,Recommended,239140,32906628,Posted: 27 June,all,Gooey,Bretyy good
76561198280518635,Recommended,239140,32209924,Posted: 5 June,all,The Only Loony,"I completely finished the story modes for the Following and Dying Light standalone story, played at least one Volatile hunt as a survivor (never could be the zombie as there is nobody playing the game to do that)My Thorns:Sometimes different characters come off a bit plastic (literally and metaphorically)Motion blur and very occasional frame drops (Could prob turn it off, but it does occasionally get on my nerves)Not enough customization, if the customization was a bit closer to the Fallout New Vegas way of doing things then I would be happier (though Im a sucker for nice looking hats so meh)My Roses:The story is very nice, it kept me interested and immersed. If I took my time I could've ♥♥♥♥ed around with side quests a bit more because there really wasn't any rush as far as I know. It's unlike Fallout 4 in that respect: I felt no rush to do the main quest and was more immersed in side quests.Twas the same with the Following storyThe combat feels natural, especially a bit later when you have the good♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you start feeling like a character from Hotline Miami.The side quests are somewhat interesting, but a lot of them are worth it for gear you will need to survive.The music was nice, nothing memorable thoughMy favorite part was the brothers who apparently are based off two people from the dev team, which in that case... you guys are awesome."
76561197981184432,Recommended,239140,27548473,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RaVVen,"It's a game you can't stop playing, even tho the clock is passed midnight. The story is capturing and the gameplay is a joy to engage in. And when you're done with the game you wanna play it again and again. It sure is a game to come back to.Only down thing in my eyes was the characters in the game, they all pretty much looked the same, but if u can see beyond that.. Great game!"
,Recommended,239140,32939300,Posted: 28 June,all,Marilynn,"Jumping, zombies, guns, loot, quests, crafting, open world... what do you want more?"
,Recommended,239140,32753719,Posted: 24 June,all,Hitline Miamo,"This game is great, but it will repeatedly stomp you into the ground until you get good weapons if you try to fight more than one enemy at a time."
,Recommended,239140,29963282,Posted: 16 February,all,skyNET,"Dying Light is one of those games that you simply must play. The developers have learned from the mistakes they made with Dead Island, and thus the best single-player zombie game has born (I haven't delved in co-op). I'll keep it short.-Parkour and movement responsiveness is top notch.-Skill tree is meaningful and gives a sense of progress.-Graphics are splendid.-Story is okay-ish, not the usual cliché-ridden borefest, but don't expect too much. Still, it has it's moments.-The missions show variety, the sideqests are sometimes a bit goofy, but the comical relief is much needed.-The protagonist's voice acting is superb.-The dynamically changing music gives that extra ""umph"" when you run from hordes of Volatiles in the pitch-black night.Speaking of which, just remembering the first time I was chased - my palm starts sweating and I still can hear my heart throbbing in my ears, and that adrenaline surge... I literally felt that I'm running for my life.The Following continues in the same vein, but now you can carmageddon over zombies in droves, and even though runners and volatiles can grab onto it, it's less terrifying behind the wheels, than on foot. It has it's ups, though it can not show much new beside the buggy/territory/story, and obviously parkour is less important, but still a worthy expansion.10/10 would run for my life again."
,Recommended,239140,21974498,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,DRAGONKNIGHT,amazing game to play
76561197974014424,Recommended,239140,18005017,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,JellonaII,Rly nice game. Loved it. Littlebit too much i think. Fun alone and with a fellow.
76561198041387304,Recommended,239140,16146418,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rahza,"This is my review from Metacritic. My profile and my 5 other reviews can be found here:http://www.metacritic.com/user/RahzaAlso, if you read reviews saying ""They said there was a Day/Night cycle, but it's always sunny!"" and ""Why can't I turn off the Film Grain Effect?!"" Those were misinformed reviews. The Day/Night cycle doesn't start until you finish the tutorial, which happens at the same time multiplayer is unlocked (you have to do like 2 missions before you can play the other zillion with your friends). Also, The Film Grain Effect stuff has been PATCHED, so you can turn it off now, which I was quite pleased about myself.Anyways, here's my review:Dying Light is an excellent zombie survival game from the developers behind Shadows of Mordor and Dead Island (the game feels like both of those mixed together, along with 3 grams of awesome salt).Crafting System: Fun. Find blueprints to modify exsisting weapons with effects like shock, fire, poison, impact, and bleeding, or a number of cominations there of. Requires components you find all over the world. DLC blueprints need some work, they often downgrade your weapons, but I'll overlook that, because 99% of them work. When you mod weapons, there is a visible effect on them by the way, which is always nice.Customization: There are quite a few options for customization of your character's clothes as you progress through the game (you can't change his face though, so in 4 player multplayer you look like quadruplets, which is creepy, but the guy looks cool enough, and it's first person, so you really only see his hands and feet and hear his voice). Currently, there are 3 outfits you can get from DLC's, including a secret agent and a ninja (with the Ninja being *deep breath* FREAKING AMAZING!). You get a quite a few outfits during the story, and they get cooler as you get them.Gameplay: Incredible. Really shines in at least 2 player multiplayer, and 4 players is super fun. You can chop off their legs, bash in their skull with your rebar hammer, or grab their neck and slam their ugly face into it. Cool environmental ways of killing zombies, such as grappling them into eachother then throwing a molotov on the pile, or kicking them in the♥♥♥♥♥♥straight off a building. (PS, grapple throwing zombies off of the freeway is soooo satisfying.)Mob Variety: Mobs extremly varied. Here's a list:Infected, or Biters (they've been ""dead"" for awhile, your average zombie),Bomber (they kinda explode, pick them off first, they can one shot you if they get too close),Virals (recently turned, very very fast, spawn from noise, and also sometimes speak to you, begging for mercy as they go beserk and try to eat your face),Gastanks (Guys in hazmat suits that have a gas tank on their back which can be shot at for a noisily efficent form of killing groups of zombies)(There are also Suiciders, hazmat guys that only spawn at night which charge you and explode when they get to you, like bombers, but harder to kill. Pain. In. The. Rear.)Goon (really buff slow swinging hammer wielding death zombies... of doom.)Demolisher (basically a goon, but only seen at higher levels, and has super fists instead of a hammer. Charges you, punches you, throws nearby cars and other big heavy stuff at you, take a lot of damage to kill. have a helmet and armor you have to beat off before you can reliably damage him.)Volatile (only show up at night, super strong, agile, and really friggen mean.)Toads (spitters, they don't move away from where they stand unless trying to avoid getting smacked by your crowbar)Bolters (only spawn at night, do not attack, get scared if they realize they have been seen, spawn in certain marked locations, drop valuable resources for crafting high end gear, usually surrond themselves with less friendly zombies,)That's about it. The big guys can sometimes be lured into nailing their buddies too.Leveling System: You have 3 differnet skill trees (Agility, Power, and Survival), each of which level, you get a point for the one that levels when it levels, you spend the point in it's tree, eventually you level enough to have all the skills, just a matter of the order you want to get them in.Day Night Cycle: Day/Night is very real and very deadly. Don't be fooled by other posts saying ""why there no day night cycle?"". They clearly didn't finish the tutorial. There is no day night during the first two missions, because you are still learning to play, and night time is very difficult to not die during (death is rather inconsequenstial however, at least by end game. Death makes you lose survival xp, which is gained from quests and surviving nights. But once max survival xp, which happens before you finish the story if you do all quests, you don't lose anything other than current location from death.) Night is when crazy monsters come out, running around outside at night gives 2x xp bonus. Safe Houses let you sleep to make night pass safely. You gotta clear them first.Parkour: Really Fun, Really Simple. I play Mouse and Keyboard for this game, so to parkour, you just run up next to something climbable, and press spacebar. There are tons of skills to get that let you do parkour faster, and do new moves to help you climb easier (if you can get the skill Tic Tac, GET IT!!! Why? Because... OMG!!!) Or fall more betterer (because you want to fall as besterest as you can!).Air Drops? Yes.Dismemberment? Yes.Scary/Creepy? Lets just say (SPOILER ALERT) that I saw a zombie baby... yeah...Multiplayer? Yes.Can I be a Zombie? Yeah. A mean one too.Fun? Heck Yes!Should you buy it? Yeah, you should."
76561197970720161,Recommended,239140,17302405,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Game_Dude,"In many ways like the Dead Island games. If you liked them, you will love this one. The parkour-style movement gives one much mobility, you are free to climb, run and jump over rooftops, slide under obstacles and move in many acrobatic ways through the city. Later you even get a grappling hook. It does however come with a cooldown, as not to be used continously. Day-night cycles and unlockable safe-zones where you can skip the day/night are also a new feature over the Dead Island series. In the night powerful acrobatic Undeads will search for anything alive and hunt it down if discovered, so its better to avoid the nights until the late game. Weapons break down much slower if you put a couple of skillpoints into it and ammo for firearms is available in an unlimited amount from the many merchants. Many craftable weapon modifications, grenades, consumabes and what not are also available."
,Recommended,239140,23205203,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FishNab',i enjoy playing this game
,Recommended,239140,23211884,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sword of Damocles,Dying Light is the first game in a very very long time that I didn't just enable a trainer to play. Very balanced and all the hard parts are hard in a fair way.
76561198022702961,Recommended,239140,15160981,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,stickleprojects,"Excellent game.. think mirrors edge crossed with dead island.. plus some more rpg.. great and some really run-run-run set-pieces in the dark. recommended to all my mates and am playing again (storyline notsogood and last 10mins meh but the rest of the game, wooha!)"
,Recommended,239140,31539305,Posted: 4 May,all,rimuru-senpai,super cool game
,Recommended,239140,28880472,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BluMaan,"Very nice game :) and I am bit scared huhuhuhu. Invasions are pretty fine, they are heartless by the way, keep killing me. I am full legend by the way, my brother helped me out on it :), Thanks techland for the game and for your hardwork. we really appreciate it."
76561198278403366,Recommended,239140,31533876,Posted: 3 May,all,ThousandIsland,"Played abit into the game on PS4 but the graphics weren't getting me off so decided to return it then grab it on here where it now looks damn near real, the game can actually scare you, paranoia you, make you jump, laugh out loud(some pretty funny bugs)Cry-in anger or sorrow your choiceSome of the best Co-oP for a zombie game (excluding Arma 2 epoch/dayZ)Great easter eggs that aren't to hard to find but also not thrown at youNot the longest game but its multiplayer and collectables make up for the 30-50 hour campaignOverall for 60 bucks and all DLC included if you haven't played it yet I recommend spending the money for a good plot and character development-one of my favorite transformations in ideals in a game ever-"
76561198277433556,Recommended,239140,31539805,Posted: 4 May,all,LePerv,"the followingchoose nuclear bomb or the so-called medicine?save the people in the safe cities or rescue survivors in the quarantine area?accept the fact or follow the heart?whatever, I choose Ezgi."
76561198300774168,Recommended,239140,31548024,Posted: 4 May,all,jcurtis,This game is great but its pricey i think it should be  19.99 dollars (PS. Awesome game keep making more)
76561198376319233,Recommended,239140,31594705,Posted: 6 May,all,Zbird,Very fun
76561198079608432,Recommended,239140,31509641,Posted: 2 May,all,Giuseppe,"Story and characters are a bit meh, But the game was extremely enjoyable and fun."
,Recommended,239140,17890369,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,iFinger,2spooky4me.
,Recommended,239140,18538846,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[NG]Liamcase0102,so I made a sad face on this game thats all you need to know its deadisland but much better and its so fun and if your not sure check out the demo still as good :P
76561198129322728,Recommended,239140,21282103,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Slavic Seb,"At one point I was thinking; ""Jerk off? or get this dynamite to jaffar? I'll get this dynamite to jaffar."""
,Recommended,239140,23886252,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,noid,smash zombies heads in with a baseball bat that looks like it was painted right out of hot topic in like 2 dlcs
,Recommended,239140,21074010,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,henny,I leik dis.
76561198074093738,Recommended,239140,18780138,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SmakZac,"Absolutely, Amazing! If your fascinated with the idea of free running (parkour) like Mirrors Edge, with a twist of fighting Zombies and being an Overall Badass. Then you should get this game, it always feels great hitting the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a zombie with a sink pipe, or many other weapons. I give this game 10/10, super immersive, open world, zombies. (Day time is cool and night is terrifying). Only thing is no one plays, play as a zombie because its repetitive, so if the Devs could update it and let you do more in it, like actually invade someones game and hunt them if their not in doors or something, that would be cool! Over all Great game, ill be playing it for awhile! Highly Recommended to anyone who loves free running, and hitting things."
,Recommended,239140,17592577,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Archvana,"From the Devs of a terrible game, they bring something that changed my opinion of them, Dying Light isthe best game of 2015 in my opinion. Parkouring like Assassin's Creed, to the crafting ethics of Dead Rising,and the zombies mechenics of Dead Island."
,Recommended,239140,27026067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chrispy,This game is very thrilling and adventurous. One of my favourite SP games so far :)
76561198086144896,Recommended,239140,31318549,Posted: 23 April,all,Ægged,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,239140,25492636,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jujsjtjijn,is good
76561198046894881,Recommended,239140,31308397,Posted: 22 April,all,Aconite,"Very enjoyable co-op experience! We just finished the original game (~16 hours; some side missions but stuck mostly to the  story objectives) and plan to start the expansion soon. Super scary, especially during the night phases, but it's not so bad with a friend; honestly, I could never play this game solo... which is a good thing for those who like an immersive and visceral horror experience that will scare the living hell out of you and keep you turning on all of the lights in the house after playing. I bought this game when it was on sale for something around $25; after playing it, and knowing there's yet more for me to play with in the expansion, I would definitely pay $60 if I had somebody who I could play it with from start to finish."
,Recommended,239140,14761374,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,smil[ing],Good
,Recommended,239140,31289387,Posted: 21 April,all,Bob Ðigital,"This game is great and well worth the price. The Dead Island games weren't bad, but felt kind of hollow. This was even better than I expected and at around 60hrs I've only finished 30% of the story. I actually look forward to playing it when I have free time."
76561198099666800,Recommended,239140,16157122,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Shakes a Spear,Imagine if Mirror's Edge was goodImagine if Dead Island was goodImagine if Assassin's Creed was goodDying Light is that
,Recommended,239140,16252194,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,GodlyPoop,"Dying light definetly worth a buy i enjoyed it all the way to the end. I would only recommend playing with your friends cause theres alot of people that know how to dupe items and atleast beat the game completely first before you cheat. so it dont take away from the experience. Playing online is i think the best way to enjoy it, i played with random people but thats right when the game came out and i didnt have to worrie about cheaters."
,Recommended,239140,14643722,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Puddy,"People are complaning that it's ""unplayable"" due to it's ""bad performance"". I have no problems with it. It runs at 60fps constantly on the highest settings.Also it's the first Zombie game that I have actually avoided the Zombies instead of going on a massacare like every other Zombie game."
,Recommended,239140,14469718,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,snakes alive,Only if deadisland was this good
,Recommended,239140,27153202,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,arthur,mani like this game
,Recommended,239140,14263993,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Foxytrott,"If Left 4 Dead, Dead Island and Mirror's Edge had a love child, it would be called Dying LightIt's dangerous to go alone, you should play it Co-Op"
76561197999368324,Recommended,239140,20616289,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DukeTuker,"If you liked Dead Island, this is way better!"
,Recommended,239140,31050964,Posted: 9 April,all,Sergeant QQ,"The game does exactly what it sets out to do: zombie killing, parkour, looting fun ."
76561198042480275,Recommended,239140,23332859,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Spicy K,Pros+ Outstandig graphics+ Great gameplay+ Killing zombies and freerunning+ Big open world with many possibilities+ Nice DLC with an upgradable car and new big map with different quests+ Still enjoyable after 46h of playtime+ Very few glitches and runs smoothlyCons- Can't grab some edges while climbing but that's not very disturbing- A small variety of guns- Can't cooperate with ai and kill zombies- Only one vechicle (the following expansion)
,Recommended,239140,14290764,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Duckster,"Pretty fun game. The parkour works nicely, the weapons are fun to use and upgrade, and the whole game changes to a much scarier and harder game when it is night time. The voice acting goes back and fourth between good and alright, but overall it's not bad. There's lots to do in the game, and at 20 hours when I beat the game, I still missed a lot of side missions and exploring, so you'll have lots to do. The game also has New Game+, so you can continue levelling up while restarting the story.The game gets an 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,239140,31235934,Posted: 19 April,all,Twisted_Lemon,"i was silently hunting biters and i went to dropkick one. kyle let out his usual overkill screams as he stomped his head in, but then i heard the screams of virals. i thought: oh, 10/10! yeah i cant use guns or hand to hand to kill these zombies without attracting virals: this game is starting to be trashingly hard. but then i remembered: i set it to hardcore mode. that is when you have to really fight to survive. love this game!"
76561198015200431,Recommended,239140,14200263,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nickname,"Been waiting for this game to come out so me and a good friend could play this togther, so far played 6 hours with him and every time its night time were screaming like little girls on the skype.10/10 would scream again."
,Recommended,239140,16463938,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dieann63,"I have  been having so much fun on this game!  I love the zombies, Love the stressful times of getting killed, or running and trying not to be killed.  I would recommend this game to my friends... It is very well made, and if you enjoy feeling scared for your digital life, then you too will love this game."
76561197994579616,Recommended,239140,32288034,Posted: 9 June,all,BloodWolf,Good game is good
,Recommended,239140,32395068,Posted: 13 June,all,nardis,yes
,Recommended,239140,32399516,Posted: 13 June,all,Platinum Angel,"This is the best zombie game I have ever tried. I haven't really tried the ""be the zombie"" multiplayer mode, but this game's campaign, whether playing single-player or co-op with either friends or random people, is (in my opinion) the best zombie game experience on the market right now.The parkour sounds like it might be gimmicky and stupid to someone new to the game, but it's so fun and fluid and gets better as the game goes on and as your character progresses and unlocks certain skills. The map itself is a pretty big open-world and allows for all sorts of maneuvering, climbing, etc, and the grappling hook functionality is pretty sweet. Not only that, but you gain separate experience for using parkour that allows for leveling up its individual skill tree... The parkour itself is explained as a necessary tool for survival in the city, as one of the main leading survivors is a parkour instructor. It's a fun mechanic and makes for some tense pursuits at times, particularly when night comes.Speaking of which, this game has a day and night cycle. Some quests are dependent on which point of the cycle you're in, day or night. Day time consists of mostly slow-walking typical stupid zombies, though making noise or getting unlucky sometimes attracts a type of infected that is capable of chasing you, dodging your attacks, and even doing parkour (my guess is that they were once survivors under the wing of the parkour instructor)... When you're in the middle of a quest, and night time is approaching, you feel a sense of urgency, alertness, and tension that really makes you worry and want to get to a safe zone as quick as possible. Once in a safe zone, you can rest until morning if you choose, or go out into the night and try your luck at surviving, getting bonus exp in the process.Night time brings a whole separate can of beans, with some seriously scary special zombies that hunt only at night because sunlight hurts them, which brings to light items like flares as portable safe-zones so they won't get too close. There are other neat mechanics with items like that, such as firecrackers to create noise as a distraction so zombies will follow the noise, allowing you to sneak safely by or perhaps enable a surprise attack if you're into that.There is crafting in this game, although it is somewhat limited in comparison to some other games. You can craft weapons, upgrades and special enhancements for those weapons, and useful items such as medkits, D.I.Y. grenades, arrows, etc.The story itself is nothing too great, but it is enough to keep your attention and make you want to play more and have fun in the process. It's not the best story ever told, but it's solid enough for a zombie outbreak and is better than most zombie movies I've seen, and it's worth playing through without ever being too boring or stupid.Basically, this game has a lot to offer and is loads of fun. It really is pretty great, I'd recommend it to anyone, and since it's on sale, you can't really go wrong. Give it a shot, it's totally worth it.EDIT: P.S. -- The season pass doesn't seem to be worth it, but if you decide you like this game, the DLC ""The Following"" is absolutely 100% worth it as a standalone addition to your game. I won't talk about it much here since this isn't the store page for it, but it is worth mentioning that this game does have (at least one) worthwhile DLC."
76561198095049611,Recommended,239140,32402119,Posted: 13 June,all,Wolf Winchester,"So...you like to climb things and kill things aye?  Well you've come to the right...oh wait you were just killed by falling off a building while trying to kick a zombie off it...10/10 Would attempt to drop kick a zombie again.All bad jokes aside nothing is better than jumping and climbing...OH WAIT! Jumping, climbing, then bashing zombie heads in. Ya I love this game, has a great story and voice acting and is so much fun to play with friends! Definently a must buy."
76561198151181347,Recommended,239140,32419108,Posted: 14 June,all,Dentari,"I think this is the best zombie game. Story, Graphics, etc everything is good. To me its the best gaming experience in a while."
,Recommended,239140,32422553,Posted: 14 June,all,The Wizard Of Wack,This is one of my favorite games. I have beat it multiple times on console and I am doing a run through with a friend.
,Recommended,239140,27976674,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tomi.K,10/10 game
,Recommended,239140,14330433,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SkitOxe,Absolutely a game worth playing.  Awesome graphics and a fresh twist on the zombie genre.CO-OP is a blast! Alot more fun to play with ur pals (isnt always?).The map could've been bigger and they could have incluede vehicles.Overall the best game iv'e played in a while.8.5/10 - Would get eaten again.
,Recommended,239140,14333777,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mr. Slopes,"This game is everything you want in an open world game.  Dying Light brings the graphics from far cry and mix it with the crafting of some great rpgs into play during a post zombiepocolypse world.  ITs like as if im there its f!!%$#ing nutz!!  i love this game, you get a grappling hook even;why not get this game."
,Recommended,239140,14346640,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CJF1000,this game would be amazing if i could play it without the horrable FPS. seriously techland fix this.
,Recommended,239140,14347495,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mentally Unstable,"Man what a game. No other zombie game has captured my attention such as this game. It has some of the bettter game mechanics for free movement since Mirror's Edge. The graphics are also superb compared to most zombie games out there. The weapons are plentiful and ever since the enhanced edition they even have different skins to them. The main story was good although it was cliche at times. All of this is just in the BASE GAME. Now for the DLC. The first DLC was only good for the costumes while the weapons were absolute trash because they were only useful if you were just brand new to the game. The Bozak Horde DLC was a very good DLC it gave a new challenge for players who were bored with roaming around the city. The Following DLC is an amazing DLC for a game and really sets a standard for DLC content. It not only gives a new storyline and sidequests for you to go and complete but it has a playable area TWO TIMES the size of the original game's two areas combined. This gives countless more hours of playtime and fun with friends. The story I'll leave out because it is still relatively new. The legend system however cool and adds more replayability has rewards that are terrible. Sure it gives awesome looking new costumes but if you go back to the first costume DLC, you'll find that most are just reskins from that and the base game. So if you still want the other costumes from the first DLC, I'd wait for them to go on sale as I did. Usually they go for about $1.50. In the end, this is a great game and I heard that there's going to be even more DLC after the following so get ready to sink your teeth into this one."
,Recommended,239140,14355361,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,"i like to describe this game as free-running, zombies and ♥♥♥♥♥slapsa fourth title would be 'a good moral story as to why you shouldn't go out at night in pants you don't want to soil', but that's not as catchy"
76561198003105144,Recommended,239140,14326777,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Solisil,"An awesome game indeed. The parcour part of it fits seemlessly into the survival part.What I would wish to see is a bit harder mode when you're playing with 3 others.The night mode is fine in that aspect though.Also the aim of melee weapons could be improved somewhat, but that's a minor issue.Awesome game! Looking forward to an awesome dlc too, hopefully!"
76561197984014048,Recommended,239140,14329355,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Qew,So far love it. Good mix of smash and bash with some run for your life moments. Crafting in a fun part of it you can do it anywhere and finding stuff makes the game a big scavenger hunt in a fun way.
76561198070134646,Recommended,239140,14332984,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,KumaBear,"I have to recommend this game - basically took everything good from dead island and threw it in with everything good from mirror's edge, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game to be honest. Most fun I've had since the original dead island with 2 friends hacking up zombies. (actually mostly getting eaten)ButWhoever the ♥♥♥♥ it isTHAT KEEPS ♥♥♥♥ING RUININGGOLDEN GAMESWITH GOD DAMNQ  T  EF I N A LB O S S E SNEEDS TO GO DIE IN A ♥♥♥♥ING FIRE RIGHT ♥♥♥♥ING NOW"
76561198048227661,Recommended,239140,14336936,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sid,"A wondeful game, fun exciting and all that other jazz. Played 40.6 hours got all the side quest and the main missions done and did a bit of running around and chopping zombie too bits. It seemed like I was waiting for 3 years for this game to release, not really sure when they announced the launch of this game, might of been that long ago but I couldn't wait. Even day one the game sounds like a awesome concept, So it was painful to wait that long but was it worth it, pretty much. I can't wait till the DLC comes out wonder where they are going to go with the story now, the main story was great wasn't predicable which I dislike in other games where I can tell off the bat who's the bad guy and how the whole tail of the advanture is gonna go, The acting is good but some of the other char's are not so great. I could tell when I first started playing I was ooh no I hope this is gonna be like this through the whole entire game, but it cleaned up on the acting and pretty much shifted the main focus on you're char.  Spoilers, Kinda not really------------ Con's I didn't really like that they did not give crane a back story which just alittle bit of info would of been nice but they didn't. Grappling, testing where you can claim was a pain for me only in certain spots tho, mainly spots where you can die from really high heights but wasn't a major problem and other people might of had an easier time with it then me. Night time, at first I didn't even wanna try to go out there I was like f dat but only took me a really short amount of time to master my way around without getting spotted almost ever but it still had that scar factor which helped, it last awhile in the game never really fully got use to getting chased by those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. This is probably the best zombie game I have in my Library so impressed good job guys!"
76561198013242547,Recommended,239140,14346626,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Paddington,Have to say this is awesome game 20h and 20% played so far and i love it.. cant wait playing coop whit friends!
,Recommended,239140,14349514,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,hamsandwich,"great game but gose real quick, iv played for about 3 hour and iv finish it once and really close to finishing a second time and done most the side missions. but still a great game and i recommand it to anyone."
76561198096707228,Recommended,239140,14352256,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SlickBananaLad,"so... my review, alot of people are complaining about how laggy it is and it crashing, well... thats because its a next gen game, here is a tip.. go and buy a new computer, i use my laptop and have this game on low graphics as it is a bit laggy on high but thats due to my 2.50ghz processor i run intel core i7 12gb ram and nvidia gforce, all in all if you can run it, buy it, if your into survival zombie apocalips games this defo tops it, it has pretty much everything haha enjoy... pc gamer for life! xD"
76561198023185762,Recommended,239140,14355271,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Thane Krios,"Dying Light does nothing new. But it doesn't have to. This game has got flawless mechanics across the board. I've rarely been so hooked up on a game. It's a perfect mixture of Dead Island, Mirror's Edge, Far Cry, Assassin's Creed and a few others.The combat feels fluid and the controls are responsive. Unlike the AC series, I've never jumped to a place, that i did not want to jump to (because you have to look at the thing you want to grab/jump on). The story is not that great, but not bad either. The villain instantly reminded me of Vaas from Far Cry 3.The thing that will get you hooked on this game is a sense of freedom, that I've rarely experienced in a game.Definitely the best game of this year so far (along with Darkest Dungeon), and most likely in my top 5 for GOTY."
,Recommended,239140,14357425,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,zzz,cool zombie game l00l0l0lll0olo
,Recommended,239140,14358565,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Norman Bates,10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10
76561198052726338,Recommended,239140,14360103,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Coaltrain,LOVED IT!
,Recommended,239140,14360427,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,HEARTGRIND,Just buy it!
,Recommended,239140,14362725,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,❅Wintersaint | 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 ™,"1 word , ' Awesome! '. Beat that Dead Island2."
,Recommended,239140,14371675,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Harriet Tubgirl,"This game picks up the ball every time Dead Island dropped it, and delivers in an insanely immersive way. Fluid gameplay in every mode, and hours of it in campaign mode. Voice chat unfortunately leaves much to be desired, as do some of the key bindings. Overall excellence in any case."
76561198167286796,Recommended,239140,14373480,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Banankungen,Building is ♥♥♥♥ed by zombies still takes elevator 11/10
,Recommended,239140,14376399,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,✪ Chotehen,"Muy Buenos graficos, jugabilidad, historai(por ahora la estoy jugando) es muy recomendable"
,Recommended,239140,14384823,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TieDyeSkies,Makes the Dead Island franchise look like Dying Light beta.
,Recommended,239140,14387900,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Redey59,"29 hours played as of writing and beaten the campaign with still about half of all side quests to do, also did multiple ""Be the zombie"" games which took about say 9 hours of my entire playtime.Pro's:+ Great parkour system, it did what i wanted it to do when i was running from rooftop to rooftop.+ Crazy tension at times, even more due to the soundtrack.+ Combat feels good, smacking someone with a hammer and getting an Xray of their skeleton is pretty satisfying.+ Skills that do something, there arent that many passives and almost all skills do something new. (ofcourse there are the few ""Increase health"" skills but they are few and far between)+ A ton of small hidden secrets to find out.+ ""Be the zombie"" is acctually way more fun then i originally expected, and that is from both the human and monster side.+ Decent port, it aint the best around but it does the job for sure.Cons:- Level/quest design can feel incredibly cheap, some jumps will require you to jump on the very edge in order to make it or you fall to your death, others will have you open doors where an instantkill is waiting around the corner.- It's not very difficult, there are some crazy moments for sure (especially at night) but at the end of the day i got through the entire game with stuff i picked up from the floor and without boosting it whatshowever (also mentionworthy is that zombies, including the ones at night, do NOT scale with your level or equipment.)- Finding a game as zombie isent very great, while you can mostly get a game in say 3-5 minutes, it can still be pretty annoying (this is mostly the problem because you can turn the invasions off completely, while this is nice from a human standpoint this is also the cause to this problem, not the mention the reward for doing this as a human is pretty terrible.)- Terrible, and i mean absolutely one of the worst final boss fights i have had in a long time (if i were to explain this i'd spoil it, but i am pretty sure nobody will disagree with me on this one.)- ""Be the zombie"" requires you to level a certain skill tree for just the zombie, the problem is that you NEED these skills to even stand a chance and that you can only level up through killing players, so off to ganking completely new and oblivious players you go~Overall, i had my worth out of the game for sure and i will most likely play it even more later down the line.9/10"
76561198026127949,Recommended,239140,14388679,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Final,-Parkour-A lot of weapon-running-Killing zombiesRecommend for Nvidia user but not AMD user for now
76561198059046941,Recommended,239140,14389361,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,youmadson,"this game is enjoyable to free roam around the city climbing on♥♥♥♥♥♥etc.. However the quests imo are very repetative and dont really make you feel you have achieved a great amount from doing them. The story line is okish, but could have been much stronger and overall better... I personally think that the amount of zombies in this game is pretty stupid. baseically every road or house you go in will have a load of them, and they arent the easiest things to kill if you arent armed well. The map is lovely but again can be very repetative as you acorss many simlar places to another side of the map...overall If you want to buy this game, be prepared to be taking on reptative quests and a poor storyline.... Free roam is great tho"
76561197964458807,Recommended,239140,14389627,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Brock Kane,"Wow, the hair on my arms and the back of my neck stands up every time i play this game!Best Zombie game period!Voice acting good, graphics awesome! No regrets buying this one!"
76561198017132674,Recommended,239140,14399414,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Darth Vapor,"realy fun specialy coop :) the voice in it isnt very good, use steam for voice!"
,Recommended,239140,14325703,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Vintage,Dying Light is a fantastic parkour game and an even better zombie game.
76561198085959912,Recommended,239140,14361138,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Sgt.Garsena,this game just works for a zombie survival game it does have some minor issues but you cant deny the fact that this game has gone above at least 3 standerds for these kind of titles and ganres i would give this a 9 out of 10 because it deos have someminor issues like the matchmaking is a little off but theyve basicly fixed it now so i reccomend to buy it or at least consider it if you like zombies and theres an option to either be zombie killer or a parkour beast or even both its up to you i also love the map size and free roam abilitys here.
76561198080348198,Recommended,239140,14371208,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,KimJongUlti,"Loved this game, best triple a title in a long time imo."
,Recommended,239140,14373507,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,rogersm0,"The game sucked initially because it was running my video card too hot, regardless of the settings.  After I underclocked my video card, the game was freakin' awesome with coop."
,Recommended,239140,14378941,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,imberMight,"I want to be fair here and point out first off that I've only played a little less than two hours of this game.That being said, the experience so far has been fantastic.  It bears some fairly normal cliches: the npcs are quick to trust someone they just met, you are abnormally good at something you've never done, etc.  Regardless, there is a barrier that usually exists between gameplay and story that I haven't seen in this one yet.  I walk into a safe area, talk to a guy, he gives me something to do, and I go out and do it.  It is all done with minimal control loss a'la Half-Life2, and it ledt me feeling a level of immersion that I haven't felt while gaming for a long time.The controls are pretty smooth, and the game feels a lot like Mirror's edge, though there are some notable mobility techniques missing from the ME repertoire.  That's ok, though; there are some extras that ME doesn't have.  There is also a tad of added realism here and there, what with scaling walls taking a moment and a bit of effort, falls dazing you, and the physics of landing on weak or cushioning materials that either break when you land on them or otherwise break your fall more comfortably than the ground it is laying on.Even with the graphic settings bottomed out (my vid card is getting up there in age), the game looks spectacular.  The lighting effects are slick, and the developer uses them very effectively.  I haven't found myself in utter darkness for long, which is a nice change from all the times when games overuse darkness as a hopeful attempt to scare players.  Textures are pretty detailed, and the pipe in my hand looks pretty spot on.There are a lot of nice gameplay features that I like as well.  I looked forward to the parkour-around-zombies idea, but I didn't relaize that you can choose to either be a brawler or a runner.  If you want, you can slug it out with every infected you come across, and that will grant you abilities in that area faster, giving that style of gameplay more depth as a reward.  I have always been a fan of leveling your playstyle; it makes it feel more like the game was designed with your playstyle in mind.  Add to that equipment items that are actually useful and play a part in specific scenarios (firecrackers, for example), and what you have is a well-rounded gameplay toolkit.I would comment on the music, but I usually ignore it.All in all, I am very happy with this game purchase."
76561198101889410,Recommended,239140,14380252,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Stapii,This game is great but one thing I hate is that I preorder this game to play Be The Zombie whenever every time I invade a game the people just leave.  They should just have that to where they cant leave because its their fault since they can just put the multiplayer on no invasion.  Also with safezones in the invading mode is just pointless.
,Recommended,239140,14408163,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Raptor,This game is an absolute masterpice. It's incredibly immersive. I recommend it to any and all.
,Recommended,239140,14268530,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Garenator,"Edit: About two years after release, Techland has announed they will be releasing 10 free DLCs for Dying Light over the next 12 months.This is what a good game developer looks like. Buy this game, support Techland so they can continue to be awesomeEnd Edit:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Good story that is well done, holds your interest and takes about 17-18 hours to get throughLots of sidemissions and two big mapsSatisfying, brutal melee combat. Gunplay reminds me of Far Cry 3 and 4 except way more realistic. Human enemies (and you) don't take more than a few bullets to dieReally fun Parkour, feels like first person assassin's creedDynamic (and downright scary) Day/Night Cycle. Any reviews you read saying there isn't one means the person was too lazy to finish the first two missions before reviewing.3 skill trees with very usefull abilities where you are consistently torn between which scenarios skills are more usefull in and how often you encounter those scenariosAlso has Co-op and a mutiplayer where you can play as a zombie and invade other player's games.Been a long time since I had this much fun with a game on launch day. I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
76561198127441691,Recommended,239140,14318804,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,silverhawk2010 l gamekit.com,"I like Dying light although I am playing on a Windows 8 computer with a normal graphics card on low settings all the way and I still get a lagy game that on occasion decides to crash and restart 3 times. Movie scenes take 1-2 extra minutes, I died to a zombie because I couldn't kill it based off of lag, Be the zombie mode takes too long to enter, my resolution is not fullscreen, and I don't get smooth parkour just jump in the air for 5 seconds when in videos it only takes 2-3 seconds.8/10 until they fix their problem for players with normal graphics cards that come with the computer."
,Recommended,239140,14336170,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Izanagi,"the game itself is great the main issue i would have is the clipping issues, but it does not affect me too much so i think i can let it go i will give it the ""must buy"" approval"
,Recommended,239140,14342836,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,¿,♥♥♥♥ing ending sucks
,Recommended,239140,14346769,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Taliuz,"So a small review of the game.Played through this in co-op and it was a very good experiance we had a good time smashing zombies and clearing out houses while we focused mostly on the main story but also a few side missions.The good.Very beautiful game loved the day night cycle and the lighting effects.Combat felt very good and smashy.Cool upgrades and a loot of different weapons.Good story and good voice acting.A good experiance to be able to climb almost anything in an FPS.The Bad. (I still do recomemend this game).Felt like the game was a little bit bad optimalized, memory usage vent up very fast and had to turn down the graphic a bit to get back my fps at some points. So compared to other games with just as good graphics that i can run on ultra I had to turn this one down to medium.The Zombies got a little bit repetative they looked mostly the same and did not have to good texture compared to the rest of the game and its NPC'sThe cimbing felt a little glitchy and I fell many times to my death becouse the guy you play did not grab what he was suppose to.Personaly I got disappointed at how the end of the game was.But over all a good game that I do recommend for anyone that like this type of games."
76561198050164112,Recommended,239140,14347073,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Tortilla,"This is what Dead Island failed to deliver, and such a good storyline as well! I honestly enjoyed every single hour I poured into this game, because it was all worth it. The physics and the graphics are top notch, whilst the freerunning definitely gives off a new experience to the post-apocalyptic world. This game is by far the best game I've bought. Buy it, because you will NOT regret it."
76561198016379947,Recommended,239140,14350496,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MysticXiaody,best zombie game i ever play=D 10/10
76561197985917510,Recommended,239140,14353365,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Glenzski-1H,"The game was awesome, hands down one of the best I've played in a long time. I recommend this game to anyone who likes zombie type games. You will not be disappointed."
76561197963866406,Recommended,239140,14366399,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Towel Boy,Played for 6 hours so far. Been having tons of fun in co-op mode with friends! Game works great. Haven't noticed any lag problems at all! Game has never crashed! Just lots of fun. Thx for the great game!
,Recommended,239140,14367995,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RadWIMPS,"From the time span of pre-ordering until I started playing this game, my feelings for this game can be described as a roller coaster. Parkour, day-night cycle, and creative brutality is what hooked it up. When I saw it was kind of made from Dead Island (yes I'm kind of an idiot to just know from the launch trailer) creators, it statched my feelings down. When I started playing this game, it went up again. (will update when i finish the game)Pros:-Rarely no bugs and glitches (used rarely because one time I tried to climb a tower I fell trough the game's floor and went down into a water, needed to restart)-Great parkour system, go anywhere you want with any route you wish-Brutality at it's best, actually FEELS like real world-Immersive Day night Cycle-Gameplay at night is tense as hell-Great voice actingCons:-Some glitches-When you accidentally quit, you respawn at your last checkpoint, however weapon damage is same as when you die-So far, story very predictable, come on techland, get some plot twistsEDIT: Okay after playing for some time, I would like to fix something:-Immersive day and night cycle is only DURING when you are free-roaming, when in mission, time is up to what the developers coded in-Story might be predictive, yet it is intense, and sometimes struck me right in the feelsOverall, would come for the story, brutality, parkour, and open world, since all of this would make up for few glitches and not so immersive day and night cycleFinal Score 9.0/10"
76561198061499206,Recommended,239140,14370291,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Speff (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Imagine you could freerun, go anywhere, do anything, meet weird people, and occasionally judo throw a zombie off a roof. Imagine getting a running start and drop kicking a zombie so hard his body gets stuck in the geometry of the map. You don't have to imagine it, because.. BUY ITD*A*M*N* THIS GAME IS INSANE <310/10"
,Recommended,239140,14377321,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,eXXoN,"The best zombie game I have played by far!Imagine the following:Assassins creed building climbing + Mirrors edge.Left 4 Dead series + Dead Rising series + Dead Island series.Now combine them all, multiply by ten. And you get this amazing beautiful cupcake that I could eat everyday.The single player story mode is well balanced with short easy missions, side quests and long♥♥♥♥♥missions that pay off very well in the end.This isn't the kind of game where you just run from point A to point B, no... This is the type of game where you run to point A on the way get distracted by 5 zombies and find yourself an hour later drop kicking them off a 5 story apartment and completely forgotten that you had a main quest..NOWAdd in 3 of your good friends and well you will never be done with the story mode because you will just find yourself messing around in the game breaking ankles of 3 bikini babe zombies in one power slide while your buddy throws a molotov at you in the end and then drop kicks in to rescue you and dies in the process and your other 2 friens rate the performance out of 10.In the end YES I damn well recommend this game! Endless fun, laughter and just overall awesomeness!Oh did I mention that you can buy a Katana, add a torch to it, an electric shock transmitter and send zombies to an epileptic fire spasm ? Yeah...."
76561197994543891,Recommended,239140,14390032,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Atradies,Its amazing.
76561198065789501,Recommended,239140,14376974,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Realex,MOTHA♥♥♥♥IN ZOMBIES AND♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,14379881,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Philippe Heroux,Best Zombie game I have ever played!
,Recommended,239140,14387785,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DeSeTu,"I never actually played either of the Dead Islands, but this struck some interest when it was first announced.After 19 hours, I finally completed the game.  Whilst it's not without it's flaws I'd highly recommend it.Pros:* The free-running for the most part is fluid and whilst there is a bit of 'hollywoodisation' it doesn't ruin the immersion and seem completely unrealistic.* Graphics are very good.  Great detail, good looking environments, great sunglare etc.* The Zombies turning into something completely different at night was a massive plus.  The first time you play during the night you certainly feel on edge the whole time.* Mob-mentality.  Majority of the zombies can simply be run past without interacting with.  This is a good thing, as at one point there had to have been over 100 on screen.  To have to kill them all would have ruined the experience.* Crafting - Always love the ability to craft and create better weapons.* Durability of weapons - Again adds another level of immersion that you can't simply keep a weapon forever.* Interactivity with environment and physics. (ala hitting a gas cannister on a zombies back and watching them fly after the explosion.* Skills - Always great to add variation to a game as you progress, I liked the fact that even at the end of the game there was still things I hadn't unlocked.* Death penalties - This might not be liked by all, but I loved the fact that death was actually a detriment whereby you'd lose survival XP.Cons;* Limited variations of Zombies.  The same woman with only rags for a bra and one arm, the same super Zombie with his huge sledge, the same suited zombies.* Limited city variation.  The same buildings with the same lockers, same fridges same places to always get items from.* Some graphical issues with Nvidia - I had to play around with some options suggested by community to get rid of the blood splatter glitch.* Could have had some more optimsation.  Don't get me wrong, I played on Ultra and maintained 60fps (vsync on), but I did drop in certain places and it became laggy.  This shouldn't happen with my rig.* No difficulty setting? - What if I want to return and play a hardcore version?Overall, despite the cons, it didn't impact on the fun of the game.  A solid action game and would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239140,14390084,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Burt Macklin,"Navigation feels like a refined cross between Far Cry 3/THEIF- narrative cutscenes blended into first person interactions with enhanced animations for things like opening doors, climbing, combat, etc. with the ability to free-roam and parkor nearly everything. I appreciate the developersnothighlighting 'parkour-able' ledges and buildings - if that were the casethe entire game world would be highlighted. Did I mention you get a 'Just Cause 2-style' grappling hook?The Parkour has a small learning curve- but once you spend a few minutes practicing and experimenting, you'll be pulling off acrobatic featsthat would make an Elven Rogue blush. Be advised the parkour is most certainlynota pigeon-holed gameplay gimmick, it's integral to the very essence of the gameplay.Experience gains and talent trees are a refreshing change of pace- the player accumulates three different pools of experience: Survivor (quests), Agility (parkour), and Power (combat)by successfully performing actions in those pools. You're gaining individual experience pools and levels by completing missions/quests, parkouring and fighting infected. Once you've leveled a pool, you can spend a talent in that pool's tree - which has an 'omni-directional' approach, much like 'Beyond Earth's' Tech Web.Loot in the world is meaningful- unlike games like Far Cry, nearly all the loot you get from bodies and containers can be used in some way. Whether it be mundane things like screws and nails or rarer objects like electronics or power cords - these items are used to craft a slew of armaments; you can even 'craft' Air Strikes from an exploration-based hidden pattern.Day/night cycle turns day-time-dust-for-brains-shamblers into blood-thirsty-nocturnal-murder-machines- Squiggly Death's review put it as concisely as possible: ""'The Walking Dead' by day, 'I Am Legend' by night;"". Playing this game at night, with no lights and a high-end headset, while be chased through the game at night by the hunter, through a rainstorm instilled an honest sense ofPANICin me.Modding is now officially supported- after a ""mistake"" in a recent patch, Techland recalled the ability for mods, citing copyright infringement. After a universal player backlash - mods are now fully supported in an official Techland statement. ""Mistake"" or not - being able to mod an open-world-parkour sandbox is going to beamazing; (points to Skyrim).tl;dr- horror fans can unite around this solid title. If the $60 price tag is too steep, put it on your Wishlist and pick it up on a Steam Sale. You will not be disappointed."
76561198040073015,Recommended,239140,14395294,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MrEngly,Awesome game
,Recommended,239140,14400116,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,blackjack161,the best game after dead island it was the most great game i seen tell now really fantastick
76561198034104785,Recommended,239140,14401199,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MC-TRAXZY,"15/10Normaly i dont buy New release games, because they need to patch allot.But im not disapointed about this game, i was waiting for it from the announcement in start 2014this game is very detailed and runs very great on my Geforce GTX660, i tought that it wouldnt handle this game that well. but it realy suprised me.for so far i played the game with a friend of mine we havent had any trouble with the Co-Op MODE its runs great.This game has a great story line, and nice special effects, like bashing zombies heads with pipes hammers and many more while their head cracks open.I realy love the biting of the zombies and the Xray when u break their bones.The night times is very nice done, they are hunting u and sometimes in groups.tThe free running is awsome u can climb almost everything with sometimes some ""infecteds"" that come right after u .Totaly worth the money, this is a zombie game i can recommend to everyone who loves zombie games, even tonewcomers to the gaming world."
,Recommended,239140,14407583,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Court,"The game itself is fun. Parkour and killing zombies is enjoyable, with co-op aswell. As far as the story and characters, lets just say they needed a better writer. Some design was not the best imo. There are elements of survival like lockpicking and opening chests real time, but the crafting and inventory is paused. And the amount of items you have is over abundance. I really wish they would I have went all out with the real time menus and made it more of a survival game, but there will be modding support in the future.. If you want a fun zombie game to play alone or with freinds, pick this up.edit: well they have a harder mode where they made all the menus real time."
,Recommended,239140,14318384,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Bumbong,Best zombie smasher game to date.
76561198087234596,Recommended,239140,14320987,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dusty Guru,"I love this game! It's like FarCry with zombies with a little Mirrors Edge style parkour mixed in. A few things that could have been touched upon more were consumables crafting, I would have also liked to have been able to craft equipment as well, and some ""zombie hunt"" side missions would have been awesome. Other than that, this was an absolute success of a follow up to Techland's red headed step-child ...eherm... Dead Island... My hat's off to you Techland. I am very much looking foward to a sequal."
,Recommended,239140,14323438,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ChoppaChoppaYoPeePee,You can do double drop-kicks to vomiting zombies off rooftops.10/10 would tag team
76561198090298209,Recommended,239140,14325224,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Squinty_,You can kick zombies of building.-10/10
76561198069218495,Recommended,239140,14349145,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CHAOS THEORY,Fun during the day.Nightmare at night.10/10
76561197983625658,Recommended,239140,14357353,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Friar_Berger,"This game is pretty good, but still im pretty sad that they made it so your weapon breaks after 3 repairs. Hope they will change it in a patch or something. Dead island is better, but this will be better if they fix the repair thing :)"
,Recommended,239140,14358759,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,XavTheMod,This is the best and most refreshing game I have played in a LONG time. It has freerunning on par with Mirrror's Edge and combat that feels solid. All this whilst maintaining the RPG feel that Dead Island promised and a HUGE amount of content through side mission and general fun.
76561198159613781,Recommended,239140,14318789,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,The Jolly Old Demon,"One of the most amazing and builtiful games ever, although the system requirements are pretty high, my laptop with a 2 gig video card (Quadro 2000m) can run it perfectly and I only have 8 gigs of ram, its just whether or not your video card is supported so make sure to check the list, and a way to get better frames is to turn down the resoulution by one level, for example: from 1080p to 720p, can give you a huge amount of fps boost. The story is pretty predictable but the gameplay is very fun and challenging (mostly at night) so I advise you to keep playing even after you finish the story because they're still updating it with more features (like that competitive mode thats mentioned in the season pass)."
,Recommended,239140,14319894,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Deathlirious,Made me chase a real plane for supplies !!10/10
,Recommended,239140,14319951,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Microsoft Paint,"This game is great, It lived up to its hype. Exellent storyline and a bundle of side quests to keep you busy. Great job Techland I believe this is much better than Dead Island."
76561198001567458,Recommended,239140,14322004,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,0nimusha-SW,"This game remindes me *ALOT* of farcry 3 so if you enjoyed that game then this game will not disappoint in the least. The story is good, there are quite a few challenging side-quests, the crafting system is fun and detailed yet easy to use and if your also a fan of zombie games in general then this game is perfect."
,Recommended,239140,14322917,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,{VA} Firedud,"If you want to relate to Dying Light to any form of game individual would be impossible, without taking away from the overview of it. This game combines the features, mechanics, and controls of several different games, melding them together with the occasional bump here and there, though seamless from a distance.Essentially, Dead Island went through an existential crisis, called up it's distant friend Far Cry 3, and called it's neighbor Mirror's Edge, and the three of them came together to make this enticing game!Actual Review (No Story Spoilers!):The parkour elements in this game are a definite highlight, with great mobility being given to the player with little regard for any sense of pre-laid paths, opening the environment for any individual to reach, with enough elbow-grease. The parkour elements are followed by the combat style. The combat, for when you choose to fight, is both solid, and satisfying. Varying between ranged and melee, quick strikes and heavy hitting, running-and-screaming or sneaky-sneaking, you really have opportunity for going at missions however you want.Crafting is next. There are vast options to improve current weapons, giving them varied attacks, and overall damage boosts, as well as increasing the durability, handling, and pure damage output of the weapon. Past that, various thrown weapons - from explosives to knives - are presented, along with injections made from ingredients found around you to briefly increase your character's preformance.The zombies in Dying Light are also varied, and divert from one type of zombie. This game gives you the chance of either staying to fight a shuffling hoard of Walking-Dead-esq zombies, or give you the chance to flee across rooftops from a hungry-looking Viral (agile zombies). The more uncommon zombies that share unique characteristics can be compared to those from Left 4 Dead, with unique styles and actions that seperate them from pure generalization.The Day and Night cycle is something to admire, with visual displays of the shadows moving across the ground as the sun gradually ticks by in this virtual world. During the day, you have your activites, alert missions, challenges, and pure exploration. During the night, you can do everything listed above, though theres a catch: the zombies become substantially hungry at these dark hours. With limited light and vision, constantly checking your surroundings and watching for any amount of sound you might make, anything to dodge and sneak past the lingering, drooling beasts that hunt for you and you alone; and these hunters aren't easy to become prey. But hey, if you can somehow survive the hazardous hours of the night, you get double points! Yay!Dislike playing alone? Dying Light's got you covered there. Bring your friends into co-op, up to 4 players, and even share in the thrill of shared mission experience and advancement together! Challenge your friends to a race, a kill-count, and much more! Dying Light, however, doesn't make the game easier by keeping everything the same, with more people. No no no, it balances to a point; more uncommon zombies spawn, along with generally larger zombie spawns, yet thankfully, no friendship-shattering loot competition!Opinion:The game is the first zombie-based game in a long time that has caught my eye. Additionally, it was the first game in a long, long time that I bought the day it came out, without any amount of regret so far. I have fun just running around, exploring, and killing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't played any game the past few days for more than an hour, knowing that Dying Light is still unfinished, and in my library. It's got a few bugs here and there, some of them personal complaints, but overall, the game is near flawless!Though if anything, better optimization would be nice.Overall Rating:96/100.I love this game, it's extraordinary, fun, a thrill, along with a fulfilling and satisfying experience. I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,239140,14331234,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,fellow,"in love. fans of dead island will actually enjoy gameplay. fans of left 4 dead will love the expansive world. fans of borderlands will love the giant pile of useless weapons and awkward group quest system.the story is adequately compelling and the focus is on engaging side missions in bulk. night time is consistently terrifying. the drop kick will never get old. ever.if i have a criticism, it is that the crafting and scavenging doesn't feel like resources are scarce, that said i think it takes up the right amount of play time the way it is. it seems like a really solid choice."
,Recommended,239140,14331315,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Cutter,"Great Zombie game!    I loved Dead Island (except for the ending...but worth your time if you have not played it), but DL is quite amazing.    I'm 38% in the story, and I find myself playing all the time.Big thumbs up if you have not played DL."
,Recommended,239140,14332127,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Lethal Pickle,"Jumps out of plane at start, no problemJumps 40 feet into trash, scream like a little girlBest motion sickness simulator 2015"
76561198119528887,Recommended,239140,14332925,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TheGamePlan,highly RECOMMENDEDlol thats it
,Recommended,239140,14333596,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mister Tired,"First game of this type that I have actually been able to sit down and enjoy. Half the time I'm not even following the story, just exploring and playing with different mechanics. Be the Zombie mode could probably use a little work, but that is my early impression due to have much difficulty connecting to any games."
,Recommended,239140,14333634,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Conjuctionz,Brecken told me to stay inside at night. Unless I had a purple flashlight.Now I sleep with a UV Night light.   13/ 1 Would buy more nightlights again.
,Recommended,239140,14333935,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,killerthenew {SAR},BY FAR BEST ZOMBIE GAME EVER.....
,Recommended,239140,14335775,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,| IP | Tater Swift,One of the best zombie games Ive ever played!! Valve can use a thing or two for the next Half Life!
,Recommended,239140,14342771,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Philly Wonken,"While most features from Dead Island are in Dying Light. The execution of these features is far superior to Dead Island. There is not a single aspect of Dying Light's game desing or production value that Dead island surpasses, not one.And, in the end, Dead Island did lay some strong foundations (open world, strong emphasis on melee combat, detailed gore system, RPG elements). While Dead Island was extremely sloppy, these foundations managed to redeem a lot of it.Dying Light takes all of these, and makes them truly work. The story is surprisingly engaging, the world is immersive and the gameplay is godlike.8.9/10"
76561198041303431,Recommended,239140,14347007,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nigeria is my city,gr8
76561198148520281,Recommended,239140,14347276,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,No Name™,best game ever! i loved this game if u love parkour n zombie games this is the game for you
76561198032397343,Recommended,239140,14348829,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Doctor Zoidberg,Great game good for those who like are at leasty okay with horrer cause there is some fasted paced chases in this game
76561197970571153,Recommended,239140,14351530,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Sparhawk,It's like dead island but less annoying better combat and more sweet jumps.
,Recommended,239140,14351740,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dassniel,Probably one of the best singleplayer experiences ive had in a long time. Then i tried co op. IM AMAZED <3 Love this game.
,Recommended,239140,14352363,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Zaibatzu,"Excellent fun and great game overall, the moves and abilities you can use are endless and every zombie kill is as satisfying as the last with the high level of graphics and gore portayed in this game. Would definetly give it 9/10The only con i would mention is that the story seems a bit difficult to understand and could use some explaining before players are thrown into the game."
,Recommended,239140,14354284,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,2Mutch,"Everything Dead Island should have been. I played both of them and this game takes the cake. The amount of things to do and crazy people to meet is enormous. If you are hesistating about buying this game, don't. It is worth your money. The story (don't worry no spoilers) is dynamic and even while playing I can feel my morals just screaming at me about what's happening.As a side note, this game has actually made me fear for my life. Being out at night is scary as sh!t and I would not recommend it unless absolutely necessary. It is however a good way to level up quickly, but it's not for beginners.FInally, I would recommend playing this with a controller. Everything is so much more fluid and easier to operate.Please if you buy one game this year buy Dying Light! Hit me up if you ever want to play!EDIT: Comments on upcoming DLC to Devs and PlayersIf you're gonna make DLC, don't just take things out of the game before release. Sure 20$ is cheap but what I really want is a polished game with content built to it's limits.Good DLC is pretty rare. The days of Shivering Isles sized expansions and complete remakes like Red Dead Redemption: Undead Nightmare are gone.The new trend is to plan DLC right along with development of a game. Destiny is a perfect example of how bad it can get if developers let the corporate big wigs control them. It's well known now that Destiny was much bigger before it got chopped down into more profitable sizes.Call of duty and Battlefield have always been big cash cows. But they tend to deliver a full game, so they can get away with planned DLC in my opinion. Sure maps add very little gameplay but ya really don't ""need"" them at the end of the of day because it was a complete game to begin with.I don't hate DLC I'm just not cool with it effecting the value of the original game. There plenty of examples of where DLC works quite well. Like Blizzard or Bethesda they know when people are getting bored with a franchise so they release it accordingly(Not a WoW or Diablo player anymore but much respect for that company). After a long grind with a good game, seeing new areas and a couple new features is quite refreshing from time to time.I just wish this whole money grubbing DLC get rich or fail trying train comes to a halt sometime soon.All that aside, I still love this game."
,Recommended,239140,14356566,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Wafflemonger,One of the best zombie games I've ever played :).
76561198072491224,Recommended,239140,14357056,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,~PootieTang~,"Combine the best parts of Far Cry 3, Dead Island, and Mirrors Edge and you have the gameplay of this game. The story is pretty interesting as well. Sometimes i get on just parkour =D"
,Recommended,239140,14360801,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,King Richard,Awsome game atm I cant find anything bad about this exept that if I do a quest on a friend co op session then go back to my own then I am back from before I joined my friend but thats a small cost. voice and zombies movement are rly good.
76561197987582317,Recommended,239140,14361373,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hypopsycho,"This, if not hugely original yet well accomplished zombie romp fulfills what has been missing for so long in the gaming world. simply, ITS FUN. theres something addictively satisfying about the physics in this game, so rarely do you feel a sense of weight/force behind your melee weapons as you do in Harran. From slapping a zomb only irritating it with a small pipe, watching it rebalance and drool towards you to swinging a fire axe clean through it watching his top half fly spitting glorious red ribbons like a liquid may pole dance as the bottom torso stands in shock before dropping lifelessly to the ground. what this, in my opinion, masterpiece does right it does right. is it massively original? no its clear to see its inspirations from early on and offers previously experienced adaptions of the zombies but open your mind to it, your imagination and let dying light take you to Harran, lose yourself in the fantasy and most importantly, check out the quality of the reflections on different surfaces and realise; ♥♥♥♥ consoles, theyre gash."
,Recommended,239140,14380384,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Pablo,There is water. IGN 50/10 would buy again
,Recommended,239140,14279657,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DumplingUK,"I don't usually get sucked into games like this, but I have to say, This game is unbelievable, It's so incredibley fluid. Everything from the combat to parkour is insane. This is what Dead Island should of been. Well worth the £40 price tag."
76561197994830401,Recommended,239140,14321970,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mediumvillain,"The game's good. Very addictive, bloody fun slicing and smashing up zombies.  The main character is yet another generic white dude, and the villain is a generic sociopath. There's a consistent and somewhat interesting narrative. The story isn't great, but isn't terrible.  There's a good line of engaging story missions, although there are fewer of them in the second half (the story completion percentage goes from 50% to 75% in like 2 missions once you get to Old Town.)  Looting empty buildings that all look like ghastly crime scenes, decapitating zombies, and running across rooftops through a dead city makes for surprisingly compelling gameplay.  Exploders are cheap AF though.  You end up with a pretty big arsenal to cause all kinds of destruction, but you will still get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you fairly often.  The day/night cycle, in which powerful zombies come out at night to chase you, and especially the dense sound design create a really tense atmosphere; volatiles aren't all that powerful once you get some good weapons, but you will still want to avoid them.  You'll also want to avoid some of the abitrarily timed challenges, but if you're a completionist you'll try them over and over anyway, angrily."
,Recommended,239140,14324149,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Hikari Saito,Zombie game that you can climb almost everything like Assassin's creed and become a spiderman at late-game XD
76561198008501621,Recommended,239140,14326131,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,marcus263384,"If you like playing with zombies, dancing with zombies, chopping zombies or even being killed by zombies. Dying Light is definitely your chocie!"
76561198090885571,Recommended,239140,14333053,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Agixa,"If you think this is just another zombie survival game, be ready to be surprised. The main attraction of this game is its freedom of movement. Your player character can traverse almost any path, building, walls, fences, or even poles as long as it is within reach.The combat mechanics are intense in the beginning but slowly getting rather monotone near the end due to stronger equipment but make no mistake, it is still challenging.Now, the night cycle. It is really an incredible idea. It intensify the survival aspect of this game and you can actually really feel the horror at the first few night cycles (or even opt to skip the night directly) but I suppose I could say that this is how Dying Light is meant to play. During Night Cycle.Pro:- fluid movement- realistic cinematic story telling from the first person point of view- intense FPS melee combat experience- realistic application of weapon type (blunt, sharp, heavy weapon, etc)- the sound and BGM intensify the horror which bring more funCon:- despite how good the story telling is, it is actually rather short. Guess DLC will expand it somehow- type of weapon or weapon of choice is rather limited even with the number of variationAll in all, I suggest you play it during night. Happy Zombie hunting~"
,Recommended,239140,14333452,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,HitMe!,This is a lot better than Dead island!
76561198126113835,Recommended,239140,14342629,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ZombiGamingMC,"The game is very well made, it has a very engaging story, and offers a ton of side-quests and multiplayer games modes for you to enjoy after the story. I would highly recommend, probably going to be one of the top games of 2015!"
76561198057511809,Recommended,239140,14350115,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,HUgeneral,"Its new and I only have a few hours in but there is some major issues with this game. It is really laggy and i do not have a bad system at all. The multiplayer is the best to play with friends! A lot of people have compared it to dead island and it really is not. Dead island is more of a childish lightened game. This is more adult and darkened game. It would be like if Left 4 Dead, Assasins Creed and dead island had a baby. It has great machanics. If you are into zombie survival games I would tell you to get it but give it some time to get better. But I will not give this a thumbs down. I will score it low until patches are in place to make it better! 4/10"
76561198067647473,Recommended,239140,14357924,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Real Lemons,"This game is fun from the beginning to the end. most missions are fun and side quests are funny and exiting. The graphics are not super high def at medium distances, but are still life-like and enjoyable."
76561197968697449,Recommended,239140,14385094,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,GunKa,gg
,Recommended,239140,14413404,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Tinkerton,"Just an absolute treat of a game. If you like Far Cry, you'll really enjoy this game. The feel is great. Graphics are superb. Just all around a great title. Just be careful at night!"
,Recommended,239140,28820206,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jacob,"OH MY GOSH!!!! YOU NEED THIS GAME! The first game was awesome and this DLC gets so intense. It's fun BUT THE ENDING WILL THROW YOU OUT THE WINDOW (not really, this isn't a spoiler). PLEASE get this game. So good. 100/1"
76561198049408075,Recommended,239140,33709019,Posted: 21 July,all,Ihmp VI,10/10 best racing game
,Recommended,239140,20644796,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,EdeeX,"Okay. Firstable this game is not worth 50$. I got mine for like 25$ or something and thats good price for this game. I hate to play it myself but with friends its great fun! But I think story mode was too short. It was very nice story and I enjoyed it but when it ended I was like ""Wtf the end?!?!"" So thats kinda dissapointing. One big bonus is the MAP! Its so freakin big and theres a lot of easter eggs and and fun stuff to do! And you also can custom this game with mods. You can download mods from nexusmods. I love that superkick xD But about dlc's...ehh...they are kinda overpriced like the game. You get 1 extra hour for like 5-15$... But my overall rating for this game is 7/10! If this game is selling for 20-30$ BUY IT and tell your friends to buy it too!+Big Map+Gr8 Fun+Easter eggs+Mods+Awesome Weapons+Gr8 Graphichs-/+ ITS NOT SCARY!-Glitches-Price^^"
,Recommended,239140,26404732,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Stitch Gichs,zombies+parkour+Kanye West outfits=worth it lads
76561198144736935,Recommended,239140,33707190,Posted: 21 July,all,Python,Godd i love this game!
76561198373611388,Recommended,239140,33117318,Posted: 1 July,all,iTellYouHwat,I'm impressed by the realistic reaction propane tanks and propane accessories have when hit by weapons.10/10 I tell you hwat
,Recommended,239140,33350675,Posted: 7 July,all,ZichaelMhao cs.money,"Its like if Dead Island started using Crack, Crystal Weed, Heroin, Speed, Cocaine, Ecstacy, LSD, and Molly."
76561198048971490,Recommended,239140,19893033,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Body Without Organs,"This game is great, easily one of the best of the year.   I have to admit I was a little wary of of a more serious follow up to Dead Island, but they did everything very, very well.   The Day/Night mechanic adds a lot to the game.  Every time you hear that radio message warning you that it's getting dark soon it makes you nervous and makes the whole experience more immersive.   The story was solid, and even though a little cheesy at times. it was good enough in places to make me genuinely care about what happened to the NPCs.   The quest variety also held up pretty well, and they did a good job of not creating an endless series of fetch quests.   So many open world games are populated with side quests you couldn't care less about, but Dying Light always kept me wanting to explore and find out what was around each corner of the map.One of the few complaints I have is that the parkour controls were a little janky at times.   They are relying too heavily on one button to jump/grab/etc.   Also, it is frustrating that you have to hit the button twice to grab onto ladders and ziplines, but every other surface only requires one tap.   That quest where you have to go out on the bridge late at night to grab the bulbs was one of the most memorable in the game, but the controls detracted from it."
76561198147650286,Recommended,239140,19729159,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Yarin,ok first this game is the best i have no words im waiting for the following now ive played all the game with friends was super fun i mean who dont want to murder a baby right? (zombie baby guys im not criminal)  well this game giving me feelings guys :( buy this game guys  just do it what are u witing for press the button and buy it do it i said do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!thank u creators this game is the best :)
76561198178376702,Recommended,239140,33769548,Posted: 24 July,all,dαírєx,Uber good game but the volatiles will♥♥♥♥♥♥you up the♥♥♥♥♥♥all night
76561198108507092,Recommended,239140,18919066,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Doc Ran,"Crappy story, but the gameplay is so great......  It makes up all flaws..  9/10"
76561198080199644,Recommended,239140,28084170,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LettuceNinja,"Had a great time playing both campaigns in co-op. The parkour mechanics are fluid and fun, and the combat system is satisfying, granting the players a diverse arsenal of weapons for different fighting styles. Another cool aspect to the game is the ability to use your surroundings as an advantage against your enemies (spike traps, gasoline, explosives, etc.).10/10 Would drop kick a hazmat zombie into spikes and accidentaly kill both myself and my brother again."
76561197999412590,Recommended,239140,31124592,Posted: 13 April,all,Striker,Well Done!!!
,Recommended,239140,30378050,Posted: 7 March,all,elayis,drop kicking.
,Recommended,239140,20031265,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ElementRed,"I just finished the prologue to the campaign of this game and it already has me enamored by it. It has me feeling creeped out, afraid, dizzy, and curious all at once. The free run mechanics are fun and fluid even while using a keyboard and mouse, the puzzles of the situations so far are challenging and entertaining to solve. The combat is right in my face, making me feel like a badass until I realize I have to be worried more about the “ranked up” super zombies showing up and eating me like a shrimp appetizer when darkness sets in, cause all I have is a pluming wrench, some duct tape, and a stamina bar that depletes before I can even get rid of three zombies. The speed, the ability to choose your tactics in an open world, and combat skills to carry out the attacks with some junk you find laying around in the zombie apocalypse is so ninja. So at least I know what I will be putting some more hours in on this winter, this game. If any of this sounds like fun I would definitely recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,239140,32055300,Posted: 29 May,all,Daos Legaspi,"Best zombie game I have ver played, I didn't try it before because of the parkour thing, honestly that wasn't so appealing to me, it made me think that the gameplay was all about unreal parkour and some about zombies.I gave it a try because of the positive reviews and after playing it for a while, I found that the parkour thing is not that unrealistic, at least for a game, it blends really nice to the story and to the overall gameplay.If you have any interest in zombies, this game is a must have."
76561198001786827,Recommended,239140,33821430,Posted: 26 July,all,Todeshandler,Best and most immersive zombie FPS especially for coop. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,33822735,Posted: 26 July,all,davidrangelv,Amazing game
,Recommended,239140,32985471,Posted: 29 June,all,☭ Flutterbutt ☭,"It's one of the best games i have ever played, but there is one tiny thing. One of the missions is unbeateble. I can't get out of the safe sone before i get spotted and nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But i have to find a way to beat the mission, one way or another. And this game is scary af KD"
76561198054868479,Recommended,239140,18363887,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ethanthebluerobot,"Make a Dying Light 2!  I spent 242 hours on dying light becasue its so fun! i played The Bozak Horde and The Following as well, which is mostly why i spent so much time on the game. those 2 dlcs add alot more fun into the game. i wouldnt have spent so much time if i just wanted to play campaign. it would only take about a day to do it. and 1 day for the following. but it just got extremely fun and there was so much to do. Great game. 10/10 would play even after i die."
,Recommended,239140,14202228,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,dES,"I was expecting a somewhat half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥delivery of a console port but I was shocked to see a FOV slider and I'm glad for it (because it means I'm not going to go yack up from nausea and can indulge as much as I like). The cutscenes are awesome and the gameplay is rewarding, the story is constantly changing and isn't repetitive, it's actually quite fun. I haven't looked forward to playing a game in the last 2 years quite like I looked forward to continuing to play this game and watch how the story unfolds. It's way more polished than most of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t being released these days. Great job on Techlands part, consider me impressed.10/10Great graphicsSteady/clean fps on max settingsMelee/head splatter is rewardingOverall gameplay awesome"
,Recommended,239140,32163185,Posted: 3 June,all,Not Game Pub,"Perfect combination of parkour, atmospheric survival and zombies. One of my favorite games, I recommend to all, еveryone will find something of their own in Harran! :) 10 ""Crane on the Crane"" of 10."
,Recommended,239140,16176727,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,obeyrist,"One of the most enjoyable Coop game experiences I've ever had.  You can knock it for the mediocre story and being another zombie game but thats about it.  Everything else the game just nails and it really deserves more praise then its received.  Killing zombies has never been so fun.  I highly recommend it, especially to those looking for superb coop gameplay.10/10"
76561197979381203,Recommended,239140,25862764,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,dante107,What right do you have to still be $60
,Recommended,239140,25980193,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Killzone69,It's a amazing game
76561198016948795,Recommended,239140,28070320,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dulzor,منتازة
76561198006519601,Recommended,239140,33401845,Posted: 9 July,all,Grog,"Great game.  If you liked Dead Island, you will like this."
,Recommended,239140,14480920,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,lil autist,"This is maybe my most anticipated game from 2015.This game had a few downs, which I will state later, but it surely had enough ups to compensate with the downs, and even add more in the bucket :).I never feel like I have time to make a big and useful review, but this game is worth writing a review.Awesome game, with loads of awesomium!And have even-only played 20 hours!Excuse me for being a wuss, but the game got me creeped out some times. The game could also be hilarious from time to time, you know, going from drop-kick zombies in the heads, so they fall off multistory buildings - to - you know - blow huge smileys into skyscrapers.Graphics:I have a nvidia card -above average- 780ti, which allowed me to play this game in 3k with maxxed out graphics settings, and the game? Gorgerous. I've never played a such beautiful game. There are some mods out there to make best better, you know, for removing film grain etc, but I didn't feel like needing that, because the game got something to itself.Here comes the list:Awesome graphics, real-like motion blur, and lifelike shadings.Nvidias soft shadows looked awesome, so I recommend playing this game if you have a nvidia GPU.AA was good, too, good optimization, hard to complain.Story:A meh from here. It was great and all, but nothing new. The campaign was repetitive at times, but it got you from A-Z.It took time to complete the story, but this game isn't focused around story mode. I recommend playing the story with a friend, because, you know, it can feel lonely-like at times.Average time-line, day/night cycle bound by progression AT TIMES! NOT ALWAYS!Can be repititive, but also fun at times, I liked it, but not more than anything else.It was great, but not over-the-top.COOP?I feel worn out already, so this wont be long.Awesome coop, you are in no way bound to eachother, so you can do what you want. You can race eachother, complete missions / smissions, overall it's awesome :), You can also, if you're feeling like it, join your friends game as a zombie, where you have to protect your nesteses from him, and of course, kill him!Rating: 9.4/10I got lazy in the end. Already told you why.I highly recommend this game if you like exploring and drop-kicking zombies off of roofies!!!"
76561198209505123,Recommended,239140,20721790,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,/\Darth-Cheesbugga/\,"brutal zombie killing, if u like zombies get this, if u like parkour get this, if u like long and excellent stories get this, but if u like all 3 ur in f'cking heaven. this game is expensive but worth every cent"
,Recommended,239140,18876867,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Rocketman Max,"Surprisingly they did a great job with this enhanced version and it does run much better than before. I can maintain great framerates at amazing graphics!Lets talk about the game. It is a very fun game with a less-than-interesting singleplayer campaign. Unfortunately, the SP story is kinda lacking emotion and the villain is a bit weak. The voice acting isn't that good, but it is acceptable.The combat however, is stunning. It is one of the best parts of the game without a doubt. Sure, in the beginning blunt weapons will deal little damage to zombies and they break fast - I HATED THAT! But stick to the game, because the more you explore, the more you find these hilariously overpowered weapons. And once you get THOSE weapons this game becomes ridiculously easy, and thankfully, there are three difficulty settings which actually make sense and are useful if you want a lot more challenge. The free-running is nice too! Easily one of the best freerunning systems in any game ever; probably better than Mirror's Edge (haven't played Catalyst though). Killing zombies was never this satisfying... or was it? No, not really. This game is really unique in that sense.The zombie genre is a very crowded one, so Dying Light had to be something else. And, thankfully it is something else. But not entirely. If you like having fun, this game is definitely for you. If you like games with deep and intensely interesting stories, you won't really find one here. The story is really dull and overly cliché. Easily the worst part about the game. Everything else, however, is fun and interesting. A large sandbox world filled with things to do. Freerunning challenges REALLY put you to the test though - seriously, those are killer hard at points. Practise makes perfect though!So overall get the game but come in with somewhat low expectations because you MAY have an absolutely horrid experience or an absolutely amazing one. Surely, the game is not particularly great at the start, but once you get into the second city it becomes so much better.6/10 to be honest, all the imperfections really add up to make this game an above average game, but not an extraordinary shining example of anything spectacular. Anyway, prepare for bore, prepare for annoyances, and prepare for fun."
,Recommended,239140,33531315,Posted: 14 July,all,KoalaTux,"Good story, fun combat and parkour, what else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,239140,33529135,Posted: 13 July,all,Thinfv,"I hate horror games, but dammit this game is SSSSOOOO unbelievably good. I have to be honest, I only spent 24 dollars on it with the Summer Steam Sale, but if I paid 60 I wouldn't have been too upset. Zombies are one of my favorite things this world has thought up, so without a doubt, I had to at least TRY this game. I had my eyes on this game for a while and finally mustered the strength to actually go through with it, (remember: I hate horror games.) So here is a Pros & Cons list to help you guys out.PROS: Fantastic fighting abilities, Fantastic character maneuverability, Beautiful graphics, Dope weapons, Pretty cool characters, Unlimited parkour possibilities, Easy to keep track of main story missionCONS: Cheesy lines from character dialogue, Human enemies are WAY too hard to kill, and if you also hate horror you will sh%& your pants if caught in a small dark building with zombies in it.OVERALL: Buy if a zombie fan. Don't buy if you are scared too easily."
,Recommended,239140,33868950,Posted: 28 July,all,call me banjo,verry fun
76561198137852160,Recommended,239140,21440461,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,RonTheBird,"Where do I start? This game is frkin' awesome! The story was so interesting so much fun, but I think it was way too short :(. When you've completed the story it's still Sh*t tons of fun if you play with your friends. You can kick the zombies off the roof and find easter eggs, parkour to new places, find funny glitches xD etc. I recommend buying this game if you have a good computer because it requires a lot of power. Ps. THE GRAPHICS AND VIEWS ARE AMAZING!"
,Recommended,239140,25933508,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rhinomeatsim1,"the single player is killer awesome but the multiplayer encounters are so Frakking annoying, they make me want to quit playing entirely, If I forget for 5 min to set my session visibility to private then someone jumps into my game and procedes to eat me. So. Annoying."
,Recommended,239140,30077675,Posted: 21 February,all,Alan Parsons,"Fun. Main complaint is that the zombies aren't really scary during the day, and there's not really much point to going out at night unless the plot makes you :/ They all also take a lot of hits to kill to the point that it breaks immersion.But whatever, it's enjoyable when you play with other people - despite all needing to be in the same place to talk to people or go through doors. ""Press B to win"".Parkour is fun, grappling hook is fun.Water graphics: 8 / 10"
,Recommended,239140,18594001,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Y0lk,This is basically the RPG Zombie survivor game that Dead Island should have been.
76561198065116107,Recommended,239140,19401212,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MvPKosT,can i be honest here?Pros:this game is great like dead island there are many improvement and its almost 100% optimized too for medium-low spec PC and the story is good enough to beat dead island many good parkour site etc and also have wide open world areaCons:but to be honest i like firearm weapon more than melee weapon and in dying light fire arm its like been abadonned by dev i can't express it in word but u can see in dead island even we can mod our firearm we can refined it we can add some element to it and the other thing (this is the only thing that made me regret buying this)so what i want to say is if u're like me who like fire arm more than melee weapon just wait untill discount or u can also add dead island 2 to your wishlist because some of DI 2 trailer show more cool firearm with element mod into it
,Recommended,239140,33453138,Posted: 11 July,all,duhnel,"Zombies and parkour, what more can you ask?Wait, a grappling hook!"
,Recommended,239140,32943216,Posted: 28 June,all,Ozzy779,"Fun gameplay, diverse maps, great attention to detail. One of my fav open world games."
76561198147607351,Recommended,239140,31417685,Posted: 28 April,all,BioShrek,"TL;DR: Starts off bad, gets better later on.Story is half baked, Combat is ♥♥♥♥ed until you get to level 12 at least and the parkor can be anywhere from perfectly functional to absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with almost no in between (IE you're gonna get stuck on a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥until Survivor level 12). The Following fixes the parkor problem by basically completely removing it and replacing it with a car and a map 3000 by 4000 meters in size. The Multiplayer can be a bit unbalanced as there is almost no stopping an Apex Preditor (a max rank zombie player) from invading a Prey (lowest rank human) and then on top of that the whole game is infested with cheaters and modders who think the funniest thing in the world is a fully automatic infinite ammo crossbow with no drop off and explosive ammo. So after all this, why do I recommend this game? I havent a clue in the god damn world but something about it is so endearing that I love the game anyways. Most of the problems fix themselves after about 20 hours of gameplay (which is a negative if you couldn't already tell) when you get some of the better movement and combat skills not to mention the grapple hook which completely replaces climbing altogether. The PvP is what really got me stuck in and is actually pretty good if you don't mind losing every once and a while."
76561198082270020,Recommended,239140,20106941,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jamie Kasady,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198256533098,Recommended,239140,20110958,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,VN-TRUTH-,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good. Enjoy playing it so so much!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,29014944,Posted: 4 January,all,Mr.Unclean,In my opinion dying light is a nice game and it is worth because:1)the graphics and the details in it are great 2)i absolutelly loved the story mode 3)it is an open world game and there are many places to explore.of course this game has co-op too and you can play online (survivors against zombies) but for me it wasnt something very exciting.overall it is a good game and if you see it on discount buy it right away.i may have only 70 hours on record and i may dont play it anymore but i dont know the reason.the truth is that i still like it and this game brings back memories.
,Recommended,239140,14260653,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Exclusive,Amazing game
,Recommended,239140,17793808,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Fap,"10/10 very jump, many tackle, much story0/10 not wow ending, such cliff hanger"
,Recommended,239140,16487161,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rabid,Dead Island + Mirrors edge = Dying Light?
,Recommended,239140,26283575,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Reznov,Parkour is clunky AT THE START. Later on in the agility tree your guy will start to climb/vault things over with more ease.
76561198021131121,Recommended,239140,20338820,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,IkEaRuSh,I realy like the parcore and the co op  bits over all a good game
76561197971370192,Recommended,239140,30326821,Posted: 4 March,all,Phlegatu,"Decent enough. The story is less interesting and believable than the main game, but the buggy and hives are decent additions to the existing mechanics."
,Recommended,239140,32266940,Posted: 8 June,all,Carlolz,"Personal preference: ONE OF THE BEST ZOMBIE GAMES IN MY LIBRARY!U ask yourself well scrub why? its simple have u ever bashed a zombie in the head with a hammer and watched it explode into a goopy mess?Na but thats not why, this game first pulled my attention with its combination of combat+freerunning cause well u cant be fighting zombies when you cant even run from a simple walker...Giving this a try when its on a sale will be 100% worth your time and money."
76561197992258385,Recommended,239140,20292207,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,thedavross™,Great game loved it and would reccomend to all... : ) Just need more content so i can play some more 5/5 thumbs up
,Recommended,239140,18849141,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Darthun,I don't get why this isn't no.1 game somewhere. It's a great game.
,Recommended,239140,18956997,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,kms,Completed a night mission during the day. Would glitch again 10/10
76561198106088904,Recommended,239140,25919293,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Popeipou,5/5
,Recommended,239140,31671497,Posted: 10 May,all,svonA.,Good game but ♥♥♥♥ you with jades dead.
,Recommended,239140,25495327,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Evefexa,"here is some experiences when first time i was playing this game:-dont know s**t-do a night mission-got invaded by a night hunter at bolter rank-about 7 consecutive got killed-still dont know s**t how to kill it-rage quit10/10 would rage quit again because night is awesome, otherwise night hunter always f**k me"
76561198041012754,Recommended,239140,18744931,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,coldmetalhands,"Recommended, BUT not at the $60 price range. This is a good game to get on sale, preferably 50% off or better.I had fun paying the game but it honestly does not go above and beyond in any area. I compare it to Dead Island a bit because they are very much the same game. The weapon crafting system has not been improved (somehow it is actually worse), there is only a single character for everyone to play as, and about 90% of the quests are simply fetch quests.The weapon crafting is a key selling point to this game. The extent of it is you get knives, bats, machetes, swords, pipes, and wrenches. There are tons of blueprints to find in game, but they all just add fire, electric, bleed, or poison (or a combo of two) to a specific weapon. Why is there are separate blueprint for adding fire to a machete vs. adding it to a pipe? And that is it. No custom weapons. The most you can customize a weapon is by adding ""modifiers"" to a weapon (limited to 3 at most), which boost damage, handling, and durability. Not exactly innovative design. You cannot, for example, create a saw blade launcher or glue knives to the end of an oar. It is pretty much ""Now my knife has electric effect.""There are 44 side missions and maybe 12-13 story missions. Most of the side quests are fetch quests. By most I mean pretty much every single one. Retrieve glasses from a house or sonar from a military outpost, it is the same exact quest. Some of the quests are decent, but most make you feel like a delivery man. I know the game wants to showcase its parkour movement, but again fetch quests are about the bare minimum effort and not what I would expect to saturate a game that banks itself on being innovative.The game also seems designed to be single player, yet presents itself as multiplayer. There is only a single character to play as (everyone is a Crane duplicate in multiplayer vs. Dead Island following 4 different characters, regardless of player amount). Almost none of the quests incorporate any multiplayer teamwork into them. Sure, you might find the quest item faster as you rifle through the store, but there is never any actual teamwork built into the game. Even the end section is ""single player only"", so you can't even finish the game with friends.My last complaint is the issue of character skins. The game hands these out as rewards, but it is clear they just didn't put the effort into actual rewards. You NEVER see your character in game, meaning skins are only useful for looking at other people in multiplayer. Skins provide no bonuses (unless you buy the DLC of course) yet they are used as some high and mighty reward. I complete the game on Hard and my reward was some character skins I'll never use. No jetpack or single kill weapon or something to make the game more entertaining and replayable, just skins.All of this negativity aside, I did enjoy playing the game for what it is, though not for what it pretends to be. I enjoyed doing the parkour challenges and the day/night cycling, as well as certain combat abilities (dropkicking zombies off buildings). The skill trees are fun to build up on and the experience gain system is great (it is broken into three trees and each one gains experience in a different way rather than just ""kill enemies""). The maps are really well designed and the lightning effects are excellent. It was a lot of fun to run around, even if it was just to fetch an item.Dying Light attempts to pass itself off as innovative, but nothing it does hasn't been done before (particularly by Dead Island). Every selling point on this game is hyperbolic and dishonest. If you buy this game, expect Dead Island with parkour. I would not pay more than $30-$40 for this game just because while it is fun, a lot of the quest content is repetitive, the entire weapon system is terribly unimpressive, and the developer put very little consideration into any decent reward/unlockable system (the story is also laughably terrible).All this said, if you do see this on sale, get it. I enjoyed myself. I just wish I could give this a ""liked it but....."" rating."
76561198095513045,Recommended,239140,33061094,Posted: 30 June,all,Derwiin,I was hesitant on buying this but the summar sale hit and was like screw and was instanly hooked while most zombie games lose thier touch after a day this had me locked on for daysHighly recommend
76561198131391911,Recommended,239140,20286854,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FlabPackedGamair,"This game doesn't have anywhere near enough content for how long I've played it, but I can't get enough of it. The parkour is insane (on mirrors edge level) and the combat has such a wide range of ways to kill things. You'll get annoyed with the story but it is made up for with the side quests where you can kill more things. Just wen I thought zombie games were cheesy and stupid this comes out and now it is one of my favourite games ever."
,Recommended,239140,33820978,Posted: 26 July,all,Twitch.LillithAradia,"I don't usually like FPS, but this game is amazing"
76561198271949522,Recommended,239140,31474389,Posted: 30 April,all,metadex,"Absolutely stunning game. Completed  all the side and main quests with my friend on nightmare difficulty.Totally worth it!100 times better than Dead Island. This zombie apocalypse game is true gem in its category. You wont find anything better and fun than this one. Also, optimization is great, at least on my machine with maxed out settings (i7/GTX 1070)."
76561198077442991,Recommended,239140,19868374,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kenshiro,Good Game. 100/10
76561198152829363,Recommended,239140,33485750,Posted: 12 July,all,Fives,after speding over 30 hrs with my friend in the campaing we have come to the agreement this game is awesome10/10
,Recommended,239140,33068681,Posted: 30 June,all,Askura,Night Time is just a scarier version of the floor is lava
76561197994583777,Recommended,239140,34035472,Posted: 5 August,all,evil_Ink,Great game!Sandbox Co-op 10/10waiting for dying light 2
76561198382965242,Recommended,239140,34037366,Posted: 5 August,all,BETA,AWESOME
,Recommended,239140,27748313,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,=CreepyEevee=,"Easily the best zombie game around, so far! I love the free running aspect as well as being able to craft and improve weapons by finding random materials everywhere. And with the addition of The Following dlc, adding that buggy was awesome! Made killing zombies even more fun haha."
,Recommended,239140,19716934,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Scrufus,"A parkour zombie-masher.... WAT?!?!Pros:- Fluent parkour- Variety of weapons- Variety of zombies- Plenty of side quests- You can jump-kick zombies 10 feet away (and off of buildings)- Great multiplayer/servers- You can be a Night Hunter (like Venom from Spiderman)- So far I've seen no hackers/cheaters- Slo-mo as you chop a zombie in two- Download more maps from the communityNeutral:- Story is okay, but short (~16 hours)- Costs $60 (try to get it on sale for $20)- Be careful where you aim your grappling hook, sometimes it just drops you- Game is somewhat buggy- Don't expect to run it on a low-end PC- You'll eventually become very OP- Graphics are okay- There are 3 different maps, but each one is somewhat small.Cons:- Gets somewhat grindy after the story-Ending fight with Rais was lame- Bombers are very bull****This game is basically if FarCry and Dead Island had a baby.I would give this an overall rating of 7.5/10"
76561198133101925,Recommended,239140,34000728,Posted: 3 August,all,Pool cs.money,very excelent well made game for surviving very interesting have very high settings and graghics as well as it supports monthly DLC's i guess which is very ice
76561198077361020,Recommended,239140,33998366,Posted: 3 August,all,alex,Great game
76561198037802287,Recommended,239140,34012497,Posted: 4 August,all,PwG,"At first seems ludicrously hard - but once you get invested in the game - that difficulty just makes the later stages of the game (after you've levelled up some) all the more sweeter.Good graphics, sound, and decent story - a game that does most everything well.I appreciated that the game wasn't too over the top and wasn't 'Dude Bro'd' as it had a more grounded qulity to it. (loved the night time atmosphere).Overall one of my favourite games - highly recommended to any one who likes First person/atmosphere together with some real nice RGG and crafting elements."
,Recommended,239140,34025558,Posted: 4 August,all,Runion,♥♥♥♥♥ending
76561198222332680,Recommended,239140,29346351,Posted: 18 January,all,Nox Tenebris,I honestly only play this game for the parkour...
,Recommended,239140,17338631,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[CGUK] Grey Fox 2020,"Easily now one of my fav zombies games of all time. Wether you like playing co-op, or solo this game is a blast, just on the amount of side missions and weapons+customisations this game is worth a purcahse, throw the parkour into the mix and you just have a completly awesome experience but there you get to massacure zombies too,,,,just perfect.I plan to get the season pass for this simnply because what they also have coming sounds even more awesome :-)Buy it and dont forget.....Good night, Good luck!"
76561197970565263,Recommended,239140,15919242,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Samus,What are you waiting for?Go buy this game.I highly recommend to pic this one up.Immersive Story/Gameplay/Graphics.Incredible sound design (Playing on a Couch setup with a Klipsch 5.1 w/Yamaha amp surround system)One truly unforgetable First person perspective with a parkour twist make up for breathtaking moments.Gritty/impactful combat.You will side track a lot in this game and get distracted by the variety of things you can do.The missions you do changes the game's dynamics.etc etc etc.The game isn't perfect. The online portion is great when people cooperate and play intelligently... which happens 10% of the time. The play as a zombie mode is not popular as it should be... players are afraid of being invaded so they turn off that option.Hope this helps!
76561197992350596,Recommended,239140,34057196,Posted: 6 August,all,uselessnumbers,"Following adds what this game needs. Rally with dead walking, more weapons, less parkour. Rather call it ""Dying Cry"" or ""Far Light"". Living Hard please."
,Recommended,239140,18897945,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SilentGriffin,"Dying Light may not be known for its story, but the open world dynamics paint far more interesting pictures than most people realize. The fun to be had is in the open world, full of stories and mini-quests and exploration. The incredibly fun ragdoll physics when killing zombies alone is enough for me to recommend this game to anyone who likes the zombie genre."
76561198089749320,Recommended,239140,32671558,Posted: 23 June,all,tekki,"> 85 hours,> yet to finish the game> yet to complete all side quests> yet to run my buggy through a race> yet to upgrade my buggy> still cowers at night and refuses to go outbest. zombie. game. ever"
76561198041656877,Recommended,239140,33032103,Posted: 30 June,all,DE GRAAFF,I would hereby like to apologize to the developer of Dying Light. I should have bought this game years ago and for fullprice. Buying this game on sale is basically stealing because it's just so damn good.10/10
,Recommended,239140,20872218,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pass The Mustard,"I think Dying Light is not a perfect game, but it basically delivered what it was supposed to.  You can kill zombies, get cool melee weapons, and do parkour.  Nothing that dissapointing here, except the story is absolute trash and the voice actors are awful.  Don't hesitate to get this game.  You will be playing it for hours on end."
,Recommended,239140,18866806,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[L4DF] Alibaby,Awesome game! I just wish earning the Bozak Bow wasn't so hard!
,Recommended,239140,32671820,Posted: 23 June,all,Beyin,BEST GAME IN ITS GENRE !just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
,Recommended,239140,27874647,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lonely Wolf,Best Zombie killin game for all time
,Recommended,239140,30894201,Posted: 1 April,all,h00rse,"i would give this a 9.7/10i really love this game SO MUCH, this is the best zombie game i ever heard than ♥♥♥♥ING DAYZ STANDALONE.its a open world zombie game with parkour but the night time was so hard and that's the good thing adout night,you can play this with your friends for fun, mess around whatever you want, ♥♥♥♥ whatever you want, kill as many zombies as you want, parkour with your friends as you want, find sercets weapons in dying light whatever you want, others thing you want etc etc etc.i think i would recommend this game to my friends! also a good deal for 60%, if you want to buy this game for your friends, all you gotta do is get 2 steam cards or use your credit card, put in 40 dollars and bam, you can gift this to your friends who wanted this game, i have 8 friends who wants this game but ima gift one to my speical friend!p.s i really love the co-op system but i just pefer to play this by myself."
,Recommended,239140,33953657,Posted: 1 August,all,KozaqV,This game is like real life. Everyone wants to do stuff when I wanna sleep = during night.
76561198003627306,Recommended,239140,33950498,Posted: 1 August,all,bubbygum,"Dying Light is genuinly one of the most fun open world first person experiences I have ever had. Granted it does start off slow, but honestly its so that by the time you fill out your skill tree the difference in your characters skill is  very noticable.Its like the love child of Mirrors Edge and Dead Island, and then its given even more adrenaline during the night sections of the game. Which feature a whole lot of running. Now I know a common complaint is that the game gets repetitive. Which it does if you never explore.There is so much weird♥♥♥♥♥♥that is hidden in Harran that players are rewarded with for just looking around. I personally have almost 100% completed the main game on my Xbox One and here on Steam. I even kind of want to start over again just for fun.This game is great to solo if you dont mind a slower pace, but it really stresses the survival aspect of the game. If you want to just mow down zombies the multiplayer is where this game really shines. Even more so in the expansion The Following.Lastly the story is fairly compelling though it is often very dark so *spoiler* dont get too attached to characters you like. If you want a very intense and immersive zombie game with some parkour action. This is the game for you."
76561198005310938,Recommended,239140,33969832,Posted: 2 August,all,Fruit Loops,"Dying light is basically an open world RPG with zombies. The movement and mechanics are very smooth and the missions and world are quite well done.There's a nice variety of zombies with lots of shamblers that are only dangerous in numbers, with the occasional fast/parkour zombie or strong zombie. I still laugh when I threw a throwing star at a zombie and he threw a knife back at me!"
76561197981525208,Recommended,239140,31670306,Posted: 10 May,all,Deus,IMHO Best zombie game on the market.
,Recommended,239140,32868364,Posted: 27 June,all,Demolisher,Surprisngly fun mix of different game mechanics with zombies
76561198331525711,Recommended,239140,27721662,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AKA-Howitzer,"Probably the best game i've ever played. The graphics is amazingly good at medium and aboveand runs super smooth but on low it doesnt run to good, and there are plenty of missions, bounties and easter eggs to do and find when you finish the game. there are not many glitches so... have fun :)"
,Recommended,239140,32728772,Posted: 24 June,all,MBJ,1 of the best co-op games which is exist for now (june 2k17)
,Recommended,239140,27508718,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,V3nder,"For me, this is the best zombie co-op game with a great story.Advantages:+ story+ graphics+ play time+ lot of side quests+ weapon system+ shootingdisadvantages:- I don't find any :-)I recommend this game for everyone who love great story, lot of zombie killings and open world! For me it's  10/10."
,Recommended,239140,21163772,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Newdals LE,"Get the Expansion. Turn on Zombie Invasions anytime. Map out a Course. Drive in circles,♥♥♥♥♥♥ALL the night hunters off. till they leave. Respawn Vehicle. Do it all over again. 10/10 will keep trolling Hunters."
,Recommended,239140,30978354,Posted: 6 April,all,✪ Saltysfied,"Just reminding you all, a truly masterpiece, its the best open world coop experience you can have. worth at full price, mandatory on disccount.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,27726636,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kootra99,really fun game and i love it
76561198117154613,Recommended,239140,33298324,Posted: 5 July,all,TootToot I'm a train,"I've never been so terrified to be caught on a bridge at night. Crouching behind a wall for about 30 mniutes while evil creatures roamed but feet from me emiting the screams of the damned. I waited in silence until I thought their backs were turned, then peeked cautiously above the wall, and was met by a pair of rotting yellow eyes mere inches from mine. I flung myself hundreds of feet off the bridge just at it reached for me, tearing claw marks in my back, which the seawater stung when I entered the ocean and began my swim to shore, and the safe zone. I made it safely to shore and colapsed on my bed. Behind my keyboard I wiped the cold sweat off my palms and mentally prepared myself for tomorrow night's arduous pitch black journey to the top of the bridge to finish my quest.9/10, A game hasn't made me scared like that in a long time."
76561198317300500,Recommended,239140,33300514,Posted: 5 July,all,Hachenbr,"Im not afraid of the dark, but those are the most terrifying 7 minutes of my life.11/10"
,Recommended,239140,33301530,Posted: 5 July,all,obsidian72nc,"good weapon variety and customization, good movement and parkour like mirror's edge, some horror elements like jump scares, dark areas, and scary musics are there too. The story is okay, the combat is satisfying but repetitive after a while, you should play in small sessions instead of all nighters. graphics are great. didn't try the coop but it looked like it worked correctly. don't know about multiplayer either. the dev team is cool because they gave regular edition people the following dlc free when it was released. the bozak horde dlc is very hard but at least the rewards are not too interesting or powerful. The side quests were way better than the main story and had multiple laugh out loud moments. The voice acting was good too."
,Recommended,239140,32877138,Posted: 27 June,all,MellyBear ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,Very fun with friends.
,Recommended,239140,33882913,Posted: 29 July,all,"Gore ""The Crane"" Bowers",9/10 - Playing solo10/10 - Playing with friends
,Recommended,239140,16136978,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kameleon,Truly an amazing game!
76561198010936126,Recommended,239140,28264765,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BlackDog1247,"A game that actually has a decent story in recent games. The gameplay is fluent, and so manuverable with the parkour capabilities! I recently started playing the Following DLC, and really enjoy it! The Coop is a great point about this game too!"
,Recommended,239140,33749687,Posted: 23 July,all,kid11warrior,boi dont even ask me for a review if you know that everyone loves this game
,Recommended,239140,29837847,Posted: 10 February,all,HUSKER222,"I have to say I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! I always find myself coming back to it! ""The Following"" DLC is awesome! its a whole other game! 4 player co-op its a blast. I've ran through it like 3 or 4 times with some friends and some new buddies who got the game after i had it. It's alot of fun to come back too!"
76561198066569256,Recommended,239140,34372420,Posted: 20 August,all,Skibuster,"I gotta say. Dying Light is an amazing game. I picked this one up during the Steam Summer Sale this year and it has successfully fulfilled all my hopes and dreams for a zombie game.Dying light is an open world, parkour survival game. You can go exploring and try to find the best gear or you can follow the main story (which is really well made!). You can upgrade your skills to learn new ways of killing infected, or you can learn new ways to traverse the map quicker (and in style!)Overall I have to say Dying Light is my favourite zombie game I have played, there is just so much to do and lets be honest, who doesn't love dropkicking zombies 24/7 with their heads coming off."
,Recommended,239140,29444074,Posted: 23 January,all,ziQ super HUMBLE,Before DYING light : meh...another zombie gameafter DYING light : honey!!!!! wheres my ♥♥♥♥ing machete
76561198176326135,Recommended,239140,25384844,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,lordofconquer,Its a zombie game with parkour..what u arent satistified yet ?
,Recommended,239140,14232702,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kalter|Tod,Great game! The ending sequence leaves a bit to be desired but over all 15hrs of gameplay and I did not do all the side quests.  Starting over from the begining to do all the quests........
76561198125826838,Recommended,239140,31108006,Posted: 12 April,all,WalkingTempest,"If you have played Dead Island, you will love this.More challenging, super cool combat system, less bugs and glitchesHeckin great."
76561198182654999,Recommended,239140,35109883,Posted: 21 September,all,Indefinitely Infinite,Parkour. Zombies. Parkouring Zombies. What's not to love?
76561197963648068,Recommended,239140,15935407,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,sKorpion,"zombie killing is spot on...traversing the world is easy and intuitive...just don't expect too much from the story.Pros:exceptional graphicsLARGE environmentTHE best running/climbing systemgo anywhere, do almost anythingLOTS of questinggreat combatnice skill treeT O N S  of lootnight/day cyclecool 'traps' to use/buildCons:late game a bit repetitivefinale 'run' just plain baddepth of NPCs is weak(ie no substance to story characters)no 'survival' aspectno player housing or building upgrades.no defensive aspect(zombies NEVER attack bases or safe houses)"
76561198133621960,Recommended,239140,15936353,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Crane,"Dying Light is first-person zombie parkour game, mixing Mirror's Edge's parkour, Dead Island's large amount of weapons, and Dead Rising's way to create modified weapons.  You then will get Dying Light.The Story fits you as a GRE officer trying to take intel back, as it was stolen from someone dwelling within the city, you soon get used to the many survivors in the city trying to survive, as you help along side them, doing quests for them and such, but overall I give the story an 8.The Gameplay is fantastic, allowing you to climb up almost anything you want to climb, and do what you want;  Do you want to run into a horde of zombies swing your Electrified Rebar around?  You Can!  Do you want to stick to the rooftops and gun down any enemies down below?  You Can!  With the wide variety of melee weapons and blueprints, you can use whatever weapon fits you, how about a Blunt Baseball Bat?  No?  A Sharp Machete?  No?  Or how about a pistol?  You choose what you want to do, you can also obtain a wide variety of skills, from Drop-kicks, to making grappling hooks, to jumping on zombies heads!  Overall the gameplay deserves a 10.You can also play in Co-Op.  Co-Op has you and your friends (or random people) completing the story together.  Or how about being a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and becoming a mutated zombie, known as a 'Volatile' invading other people's games and killing them, fitting your needs?  9 for the Co-Op.I don't really need much else for this review, so please support the creators and buy Dying Light.  (And plus it's 25% off this week, there's nothing better than a sale on a good game, right?)"
76561198025252768,Recommended,239140,15941680,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,BigPapaSami,"Zombie apocalypse meets Assassins Creed.Amazing game play, intense night play, creative weaponry, fluid fighting...This is an all around fantastic game!"
,Recommended,239140,15934967,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Luvs2Sp00g3,"Techland nailed this game. This should have been what Dead Island was like. I appreciated this game so much I also bought a copy for my PS4 ( and I have more hours logged on there than on my PC version). Story is a bit average, but engaging enough to make you want to finish it.  Game play is is an absolute blast and getting used to the parkour system is a learning curve, but it becomes reflex after awhile. Leveling up system is fun, but can be unrewarding if you decide not to do any side quests. Over solid game and i would reccomend playing with friends."
,Recommended,239140,15939814,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TEEDA,The game feels pretty good. Really nice and simple controls. the free running system like Mirror's edge is awesomly implemented. The world map is pretty big. And the storyline is really nicely done as well. After few hours in it begins to feel addictive. And I am only 20 %  in the game.SOmetimes it feels repetitive. The only con I have is that you loose ability points each time you die. And sometimes I just want to mess killing zombies.Overall it's a pretty solid game. Techland did an amazing work !
76561198018050090,Recommended,239140,34421641,Posted: 22 August,all,Philip,"I still can't believe this game was made by the same studio as Dead Island and it's sequal Riptide. Not that either of them aren't fun to play, but this game is just so much better!The freerunning is solid. The night intense. The skills you get from the skilltree are actually very useful and the co-op is fun to play with friends or even strangers. The story, much like in the Dead Island games is a bit flat but still ok.If you don't want to pay full price, at least get this game in a sale. It's worth it."
,Recommended,239140,26960464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T0RB1T,"I've spent a lot of hours in this game. I have nothing but good things to say. The gameplay is fun, the graphics are pretty, it runs well, and there is noting standing inbetween this game, and it being fun."
,Recommended,239140,27664916,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Axis Peak,It's ok...
,Recommended,239140,31272513,Posted: 21 April,all,The Son Of A Man,THIS GAME IS SOO ♥♥♥♥ING BADASS
76561198067394141,Recommended,239140,34361889,Posted: 19 August,all,goguette,"this game has a few flaws... sometimes quite annoying... but overall fun to play. even more so in coop mode. TMTC, akyoté-chan u__ù"
76561198053522113,Recommended,239140,34356641,Posted: 19 August,all,ParticleSun,The best zombie game I've ever played thus far and still going strong in the way of fun factor and entertainment.
,Recommended,239140,29327924,Posted: 17 January,all,HappyRogue,very fun and still gives you stuff to do post game extremly fun
,Recommended,239140,34360105,Posted: 19 August,all,ＪＡＢＲＯＫ,1-kill zombie2-while trying to kill zombie falls off building3-screams for help
,Recommended,239140,15941740,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Psyche Joey,A great game but the story is a bit disappointing.
76561197982155680,Recommended,239140,33656757,Posted: 19 July,all,ferrata_vi,"This game is just too much fun!Remember that black dude at the beginning of the first Daniel Craig Bond movie that's jumping and climbing all over ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like a boss?  Do you want to be that guy, only head-bashing zombies, crafting weapons, and throwing molotov cocktails ate the same time?  Then, yeah, you need to buy this game immediately.So, alot of the negative reviews...  Yeah, so parts of the main story (i.e., the main villain scenarios) are pretty cheesy and cliche.  And yeah, as far as the main story goes, the protagonist brings alot of unnecessary drama upon himself.  And yeah, if you rush through the main campaign you can beat the game in probably 10-20 hours (if you don't mind dying and hitting the continue button alot).  And yeah, the zombies are hard to kill.However, what those reviews don't tell you, is...- Aside from those main villain scenarios, the game is packed with side quests that are not only fun and engaging.  But that offer a ton of story-based play-time.- The voice acting is actually very good.  Especially by the main character, not only in his interaction with other characters, but in his interaction with the world.  Very well done.- The skill progression system is nice and easy, but offers plenty of needed upgrades and special abilities for your runner.  It also allows for a wide variety of play styles (especially in regards to combat).- You want weapons?  We've got weapons!  Knives, hammers, clubs, wrenches, machetes, swords, police batons, pipes, axes, sledgehammers, baseball bats, cricket bats, sickles, picks, hand axes, two-handed axes... not to mention expendable throwing weapons (although the best thrown weapons are your standard melee weapons), pistols, shotguns, rifles (and SMGs in The Following), grenades, molotovs, bows... Plenty of variety in the weaponry.- The melee system is difficult at first (weapons are weak, zombies are tough), because in the early game you're not meant to mow through hordes of undead, you're meant to mostly evade them.  Once you start progressing, you learn how to mod your weapons to make them much more effective, and by end-game you are rocking weapons that not only slice multiple zombies in half with one swing, but simultaneously electrocute them and set them on fire, too.  (How can you not love that?)- Lots of ways to kill zombies, and it takes time to figure them out.  On my second playthrough I was using environmental tricks that hadn't even occurred to me in the first game.- Yeah, humans are hard to kill.  But they need to be, because the offer the best experience progression.  Rolling up on some bandits to claim an airdrop is and should be dangerous.  (P.S. if you're smart and conditions are right, zombies can do a lot of the work for you :D  )- And yeah, when you chop body parts off, you chop body parts off.  You even get to slice things right in half... at the waist, or right down the middle of the head :D- It's really easy to get lost in looting.  Often times you'll get side-tracked scavenging for supplies, or rushing head-long to claim air-drops, or stopping to help other (NPC) survivors, and night will hit before you know it.   Thus delaying your story progression and extending your game time.  (I mean, you COULD play through the night, if you were a total masochist).- ""Survival"" is very well integrated into the game, so to make each play session fun and worry-free.  You don't get hungry, you don't get thirsty.  Scrounging for supplies is scrounging for mats to make weapons, defensive items, (and buggy parts if you have The Following).- Night offers a whole new challenge, one that I haven't even come close to mastering yet.- Despite there being no branching quests, replayability on Normal is excellent.    Replayability on Hard is even better, as not only do the zombies get tougher, but loot becomes rarer.  Healing changes from instant to gradual, and the need for performance enhancing cocktails becomes more apparent.- For any reviews that say the parkour is ♥♥♥♥♥♥... lies.  It's all lies.  Take a little time to learn the controls, and you can jump and climb on almost anything.  What's especially nice is your parkour skill progression, which (even with replays) makes you feel like a total noob in the early game, and a parkour master in the late game.- I have a very capable system, and with the graphics setting maxed out, the game is absolutely stunning.  Your milage may vary based on your system specs.- The second act of the story takes you to a new portion of the city that, by virtue of the different architecture, offers new challenges.- The Following takes you out of the city and into fairly open countryside.  Although that detracts from the parkour elements, it opens up the driving mechanic which is fun.  However there is still plenty of parkour to be had (and frankly, it's nice to not have to jump and climb all over stuff for a change).Have I gotten into TL;DR territory yet?The game is just a joy to play.  I'm hoping that some of the upcoming DLC will open up new portions of the city for us to explore, because this game is incredibly addicting.I'm really really looking forward to co-op play with my friends.One last thing, a ""con""... the key missions in the main story arc can be frustrating.  It's clear that the devs didn't intend them to be ""masterable"" gameplay, but rather dramatic cinematic events that fuel the story.  You just have to suck it up and power through them.  It is totally doable, but can be stupidly frustrating at times.  That being said, once those 20-30 minute long scenarios are over and done with, you'll be back to skill-based, enjoyable gameplay.Welp... back to my third playthrough :) Hard really does make you take the game at a slower, less aggressive pace.  When I get there, it will be fun to see how the next mode affects the gameplay (I can't remember what it's called, nightmare or extreme or something).Oh, and last but not least - HEAD STOMP!!!!"
76561198114110141,Recommended,239140,34152899,Posted: 10 August,all,benwh1234,"One of the best zombie games I've ever played. The story is not great but good enough for me. The movement system is amazing and so is the combat. The maps (yes maps, there are 3 maps in total) are big enough and different from eachother.  The only negative thing I have to say about this game is the spawns, you can look at lets say an island and see no zombies on it but when you get on it you'll be attacked from all directions.Overall great game and a must have!"
76561197974877837,Recommended,239140,30399380,Posted: 8 March,all,Spalls Hurgenson,"The other day I played one of Capcom's ""Dead Rising"" games -  I forget which one since they are all sort of the same anyway. I generally enjoyed the large open world and huge hordes of zombies, but disliked the zanier aspects of the characters and plots. I wonder if Techland - the developers of Dying Light - felt the same way because their game is essentially a Dead Rising clone with the wackiness stripped away. In some ways this made the game more enjoyable, but at the same time Dying Light felt characterless and flat in comparison.Functionally, the game is quite impressive. It has a huge open world - made even larger with the addition of ""The Following"" DLC pack. Given their size, I was rather astonished by how fast the maps loaded, even on a slow mechanical hard-drive. The frame-rate was silky smooth, even with settings maxed and on an older GPU. The parkour-focused combat is slick and easy to learn, and the move-set is impressive; I was very quickly doing slide-kicks, grapples and vaults as I hacked my way through the undead horde. The actual gameplay-loop was less exciting; Dying Light takes its cue from Ubisoft's open-world games, littering the landscape with side-missions and collectibles that aren't individually very exciting but at least offered a reason to free-roam the game's giant map (""The Following"" DLC at least added a useful alternative in the form of driving challenges with the addition of a car).A major downside of the game for me were the weapons; variety was largely mechanical in nature, and it utilized a common/rare/unique color-coding system similar to Diablo (or Techland's own ""Dead Island"" games). Technically, the game features thousands of weapons but in actual gameplay it pretty much boils down to ""blade"", ""hammer"", ""pistol/rifle"" and ""shotgun"", with the major differentiation being how much damage was inflicted. More concernedly, weapons only have limited durability, and break after too much usage. Although I understand the idea behind this mechanic - having your best sword break during a fight can be a terrifying adrenalin rush - in practice the weapons broke far too quickly, making the constant scrounging for new gear a dull grind which artificially extended the game's length.As much as I enjoyed the melee combat, I was less enthralled with the first-person parkour; the perspectives never quite looked right, and never felt as fluid and natural as, say, the third-person platforming of the Assassin's Creed series. It didn't help that climbing down was far more difficult than going up, and too often I fell to my death instead of lowering myself down level by level. While games like Mirror's Edge and Dying Light show that first-person parkour is possible, it still isn't my preferred method of in-game acrobatics. The game's strengths are its exploration and combat, not its platforming. Unfortunately, certain missions of the game stress the latter, to their detriment. The final mission is especially terrible in this (and it doesn't help that the end-boss is defeated in a series of dull - and completely unexpected, since its a mechanic that isn't used anywhere else in the game - quick-time events).When it stuck to its strengths the game was largely enjoyable, but it was not a very memorable experience. While it is a striking improvement over its predecessor - the Dead Island Franchise - it still has a number of shaky bits. Hopefully the developers will learn as much from Dying Light and their next game will actually be something I can whole-heartedly recommend, but its not something I can honestly do with this one."
,Recommended,239140,23129480,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hannibal The Cannibal,Amazing game with a great story and characters you fall in love with. With the additional DLC's you'll never get bored!
,Recommended,239140,34476534,Posted: 25 August,all,✪ Latiro,Good Game :)
,Recommended,239140,24068499,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[FS] The Keeper -NW-,This game is FREAKING AWSOOOOOOME......YEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH♥♥♥♥ YEEEAAAAHHH YEEAAAAH YEWAAAAAH
76561198153333727,Recommended,239140,29973927,Posted: 16 February,all,R3dh3xx3n,HEY YOU yeah you I Got Something to say to youdo you like zombies if yesdo you like parkour if yesthen get this gameok enough jokethis is a nice zombie gameit playes well the quests arnt just go get this and that they give a more of a story with themthe combat is fun enough to keep you entertained and herran is made so well you can find enough places to jump and climbthis game is beautifuland finallyGOOD NIGHT GOOD LUCK
,Recommended,239140,34069472,Posted: 6 August,all,Mickz0r,Just buy this game!. That is all
76561198021244204,Recommended,239140,34559985,Posted: 28 August,all,Darth Tiberius,"A man named Dead Island had a child with a woman named Mirrors Edge. The result... a perfect child named Dying Light.A child with perfect genes. He has it all. Great story? Check. Flawless gameplay? Check. Cancer curing graphics? Check. Well optimized? Check. It is as if the guys over at Techland took a look at Dead Island and said, ""we can make a masterpiece out of this game"". They did just that.In short, Dying Light is an amazing game, it does not have the annoying bugs & glitches from Dead Island, nor does it have a very linear gameplay like Mirrors Edge.I also like the Turkish feel the game gives you. The names of the characters, the environment, and badass weapons like the Sipahi saber or the Ottoman Sickle. Loved decapitating the infected with the Sipahi saber.If you like Open world zombie games with some really cool elements of survival, this game is perfect for you."
,Recommended,239140,34452360,Posted: 23 August,all,Refueled,"AMAZING GAME! better with friends, but still great, good graphics, love the gore. the gameplay is smooth and can be difficult at times. the crafting/ gear is good as well"
,Recommended,239140,31165084,Posted: 15 April,all,mazy,fokin sickest game i ever played actually
76561198019044501,Recommended,239140,21011109,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,BLACK*SMURF,"NERF THE ♥♥♥♥ING NIGHT HUNTERS, I HIT THEM WHEN THEY HAVE 0 HEALTH AND THEY DON'T DIE?!?! WTF REALLY... WHAT A JOKE!"
76561198115994153,Recommended,239140,33809217,Posted: 26 July,all,SquidCup,"Literally the best zombie game to play, even after more than 2 years since it was released. Great with friends. Reccomend this to all people that like action/movement based games"
,Recommended,239140,28818114,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,✪ Jacob1z,"*Friend is running to safe zone*Me: ""Dude you here yet?""Friend: ""No I have the army of Genghis Kahn on my♥♥♥♥♥""*Brings runners to safe zone*Awesome game love the story and the parkour 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,17883043,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,S33ker,"100% worth it game, right here folks"
,Recommended,239140,24077603,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dirigible Tomato,"It's like Dead Island, but not complete garbage"
,Recommended,239140,14291947,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dr. Cocktopus,a game plus another game plus some other games = Dying LightALSOyou can basically fly but actually its called parkour and you feel like you are in skyrim while you lockpickin.11/10 would fly again.
,Recommended,239140,29367595,Posted: 19 January,all,[GbtP] Bootsy,"This is easily one of the best co-op games I have ever played. Much better experience with friends. It took me a while to get this game because I thought all it was going to be was a ""Dead Island"" with Parkour.Well it turns out I was right, and also very wrong. This is amuch improvedversion of ""Dead Island"" with less bugs and a more solid story. This is also so much more fun than ""Dead Island"" and the multiplayer aspect is tense and challenging.I would recommend buying theEnhanced Editionas well at theRanger Packto get it's bow."
76561198087982101,Recommended,239140,34670511,Posted: 1 September,all,[L²:RP] ✪Hank,"What can I say. An intense adrenaline rush from start to finish. This game tops the Zombie Apocalypse genre by far. It's realistic graphics, intense battles and fear filled chases are going to leave you wanting more. With friends it allows co-op campaign and open servers so you can hop into a game and play with other players or battle them to the death. The parkour feature in this game is mainly the reason it sits so high from all the competition. A good mix of fun and fear."
,Recommended,239140,30068847,Posted: 20 February,all,Golden,"This is one of the best zombie survival games out there and here is my review of it. This review will consist of two sections, the main game and the following dlc.I will not include combat or zombies in the following's section because its the same as the base game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The base gameStory and GameplayThe main campaign is pretty predictibal most of the time yet it still can be interesting and the gameplay is very good. For example: Your average bad guy who always talks about being a man and shoots his own men, and the characters can be pretty forgettable. Harran has two main areas: The Slums and The old town. The Slums is more calm and open while the old town is much more chaotic and dangerous.CombatThe combat in dying light is very fluid and it feels very satisfying when you dismember zombies or blow them up. There are also many throwables and over 100+ weapons to upgrade, modify and have fun with. And dont forget about the throwables. There are many throwables in dying light and they can be pretty entertaining because in the end there arebombs that make zombies fly all around the area by farting. And if you like guns dont worry, there are plenty of guns in the main game and the following.ParkourThe parkour in dying light is in my opinion is the best first person parkour systems ive ever seen. It feels good when you're climbing buildings to avoid the giant horde below or to get to your objective and it doesnt get repetitive even after having 100+ hours in the game.ZombiesIn Dying Light you've got your average zombies: Toads = Spitters, Demolishers = Big zombies/Tanks, Biters = Slow zombies, Virals = runners, Screamer - zombie child, and then you got volatiles... volatile = nightmares for life. In my opinion its basicly your average zombie game when it comes to zombies (not counting volatiles) but the thing is when its day you can do whatever you want and freely run around the world.. but at night the volatiles come out and it turns into a stealth game because one mistake can make you have to run around the city being chased by fast zombies that can climb (like virals) but can run really fast, but luckily their weakness is UV light so you can use your UV flashlight to slow them down. (And in the following you have a bigger and slightly stronger biter.)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now these are the scores and i'd also like to say that i highly recommend playing this with your friends because it makes the game 100 times more fun.SubjectScoreStory4/10Gameplay8/10Parkour9/10Zombies5/10Overall, I'd rate Dying Light a 9/10and if you do decide to purchase Dying Light, Good night and Good luck.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The FollowingThe Following is a dlc available for dying light and is very much worth the priceStory/GameplayIn the following you were sent to the countryside to get more antizin for the tower because its running out and you begin learning about a mysterious cult in the countryside and its religion. In the countryside you get your very own dune buggy to drive around with and its very useful because the countryside is two times the size of the main games map.ParkourIn the following theres a lot more driving than parkour but dont worry there still is plenty of parkour throughout the dlc, For example climbing up a damn with a timer or a big area specificly meant for parkour.DrivingThe following's driving isn't the best driving system in the world but it is certainly good. It feels great as you drive through fields killing hundreds of zombies and by running over zombies with your car you level up and can get even better parts and items for your buggy.SubjectScoreStory7/10Gameplay9/10Parkour6/10Driving7/10Overall I'd rate the Following a 8/10"
76561198139739509,Recommended,239140,31028394,Posted: 8 April,all,FTXtreme,This game is just fantastic it's by far the best game made by Techland and having complete the story and the following i dont regret any cent i spent on it. If you are thinking about wether getting this game or not you should definitely get it.10/10
76561198109491000,Recommended,239140,34724405,Posted: 3 September,all,ShadesOfSingularity,"Hey everybody, did the news get aroundAbout a guy named Butcher PeteOh, Pete just flew into this townAnd he's choppin' up all the women's meatHe's hackin' and wackin' and smackin'He's hackin' and wackin' and smackin'He's hackin' and wackin' and smackin'He just hacks, wacks, choppin' that meatButcher Pete's got a long sharp knifeHe starts choppin' and don't know when to stopAll you fellows gotta watch your wifes'Cause Pete don't care who's meat he chopsEver since Peter flew into townHe's been havin' a ballJust cuttin' and choppin' for miles aroundSingle women, married women, old maids and allWakes up in the morning, half past fiveChops from sunrise to sunsetI don't see how he stays aliveMeat's gonna be the death of ole Pete, yeahThe police put Pete in jailYes, he finally met his faithBut when they came to pay his bailThey found him choppin' up his cell mateThat Butcher Pete is a crazy manTries to chop down the wind and the rainJust hacks on anything he can getSay, turn this record over, you ain't heard nothing yetOH XD WRONG GAME LEL"
,Recommended,239140,34758734,Posted: 5 September,all,g-t,"I'm not very into zombie games but I already spent over 50h in Dying Light and must say it's a hell of a game - great gameplay, great open world, the best parkour I've seen in games so far and it's very polished - haven't experienced a single bug.9/10 - Buy the game"
,Not Recommended,239140,23263726,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,KeeGeeBee,"Now, I already reviewed the following DLC, but all of the points I made there are still applicable here, so I'll just copy/paste my review here.The overall game is good. it has a lot of pros, but HOLY F*CKING SH*T THAT ENDING WAS SO BAD. my main criticism is the god awful endings, so spoilers ahead, watch out if you actually care.still reading? good.so lets first talk about ending A: you follow the orders given to you by the mother and help her complete her goal. that being setting off a nuclear bomb and killing everyone in the city and countryside, but also eradicating the virus. it's over in under 1 minute and is actually counter productive. one of your main goals in the vanilla game was to stop the military from doing litterally that exact same thing. so you spend part of the first game trying to stop that, then the expansion trying to do that.so, now that we have the worst ending out of the way, lets talk about ending B: you refuse, and try to take the ""cure"" (I use this loosely because it turns people into volatiles, the UV sensitive zombies that come out at night) back to your friends in the tower (home base), but the mother forced you to drink some of the ""cure"", so you start becoming a volatile. the final screen is the sun setting on an area I would assume outside of harran (the city the game takes place in). the reason i would assume it's outside is because you see a working bus and organs aren't strewn about the place. there are 2 children and their mother (not THE mother) in a playground with, for some reason, a sewer drain next to it. it's implied you kill them all and spread the virus around the world.so, lets recap: you either get to A: undo your work, or B: spread the virus outside of harran and infect the rest of the world. both endings are very unfulfilling and leave a lot of loose ends un-tied e.g. what happened to doctor camden? did he develop a real cure? what happened to ezgi? (though i would assume she was blown up if you chose ending A) what's the aftermath of each of those endings? it would seem like they're setting it up for a dlc finale, but this IS the finale. there's just going to be no more explanation."
76561198307605044,Recommended,239140,32036587,Posted: 29 May,all,Adrian The Fridge,good game
76561198055294891,Recommended,239140,28878821,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,spyhunter99,fantastic game
76561198084809717,Recommended,239140,32978221,Posted: 29 June,all,aswartz47,One of the most addictive and immersive games I've ever played. Can't wait for all the new DLC coming
,Recommended,239140,34787595,Posted: 6 September,all,Melody Dast Everheart,"Despite me, buying this the day before it went on sale; ;-;I love the game, it's got hours of zombie carnage and stories.It feels a bit like Dead Island sometimes (same developper). I love Dead Island a lot too.Definitely recommndable if you like zombies.Night modes can be a little frustrating though. ;p"
,Recommended,239140,18176678,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,sim^,nice game
76561198287068361,Recommended,239140,28113271,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Just need to win,nice game but no chinese make it perfect
,Recommended,239140,34826316,Posted: 8 September,all,DeadlyViper623,Best zombie survival game I've ever played! 10/10
,Recommended,239140,31916705,Posted: 23 May,all,Farkenzawl,I have probably beaten this game about 3 times now and i really enjoyed it. Without DLC its not much to do but i recommend this game. Its a great coop experience.
,Recommended,239140,34838420,Posted: 9 September,all,кєV.μк <3,Wicked game ;)
76561198090507393,Recommended,239140,34892746,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"Ah, Dying Light. Fun while it lasted but the ending was not that great. It wasn't moving when characters got taken off the board, I actually laughed at one of the deaths, but the combat is fun, the free running is a nice feature if you don't get confused from spinning around and trying to keep everyone off of you. Plus the free running starts to die off when you get guns, like you just go on top of a roof and start sniping everyone, or get a shotgun and bum rush the enemy. Villain isn't threating at all, just a little off his rocker. The main character is quite interesting. But I will never play this game again."
76561197984684863,Recommended,239140,33879956,Posted: 29 July,all,dadapawa,Free extra contant? even 2 years after release? Great gameplay? this is your game! Dev team are awesome!
,Recommended,239140,26902419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ImAGreenEgg,10/10 Would Zombie Again
,Recommended,239140,18226892,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,KobraKira,"There's nothing that i can say that can explain how good this game is. It's light years better than Dead Island in almost every way. It's hard NOT to be hooked while playing this game!There's lots to do, lots to craft, lots of loot, better combat, better graphics, better story, just better everything really. Got this on sale for $30, and even if i had to pay full price it would have been worth the money. This is one of the only AAA games that actualy has effort put into it.TL;DR: BUY THIS GAME!EDIT: Finished the game just recently. The ending will dissapoint you, but i thought that the story was interesting enough despite it's cliche's. Can't wait for ""The Following"" expansion!"
,Recommended,239140,14285885,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hedonism Bot,An All around amazing game that I cannot make complaints about. 10/10 Would bang on a table.
76561198310264637,Recommended,239140,26579715,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Maestro,The best coop game i've ever played 12/10.Pluses:1) New mechanics2) Atmosphere - TWD (better feels in single player)3) ♥♥♥♥ing insane optimization (On my potato computer run in 60fps)4) Great graphics5) Parkour (Not Mirrors Edge but decent)6) Movement system7) Open World + New DLC The Following with buggies!!! BUY THIS GAME NOW !!!
,Recommended,239140,14269925,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,lumix,drop kick simulator 2015
76561198047866993,Recommended,239140,18274964,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bork,Best game because you can run and reload.
,Recommended,239140,30956984,Posted: 5 April,all,Rovenlock,where's the gazi DLCneed more gazi loregazi is the epitome of good character writing
76561198151150827,Recommended,239140,14936303,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MrWeast,It's like...like...heaven for a zombie game.
76561198098118622,Recommended,239140,14950273,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lieutenant Branch,iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttttttt iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss ammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzziiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
,Recommended,239140,35050368,Posted: 18 September,all,MrCokTatli,"What A Triple-A Game Should BeNowadays, we get these games like ME Andromeda, or AC Unity, but I can tell you that this game is very polished.*Graphics that still stand up to this day*Great physics*Nicely made supply management system*Amazing AI*Intriguing story*Outstanding Gameplay*2+ players supportedI highly recommend you to try this game, you won't regret it10/10"
76561198255048517,Recommended,239140,34408121,Posted: 21 August,all,Resteak,"this game is amazing i cant stop playing it and it gets even more fun when your friends join, i bought this game for my friend to and he thinks its amazing as well. its just so to do quests, side quests, collect items,  throw zombies everywhere, and get powerful weapons i love it!"
,Recommended,239140,14950920,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lord Bob Ross,"Best Zombie killing, Parkour Simulator thus far.But for real, this game is awesome, still playing the story mostly due to the fact i will just wander off and explore."
,Recommended,239140,18164587,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,tisthewoman,"No one was expecting this game to be perfect, and it's not. HOWEVER, this game is massive, with plenty to do, gorgeous scenery, well-executed parkour, and an interesting storyline. The combat works well and whatever the game lacks, it makes up in doing what it does have extremely well."
,Recommended,239140,34909034,Posted: 12 September,all,SithHunter,"The absolute best zombie game I've ever played!Fantastically detailed environments that feel quite large but not so big that it becomes overwhelming.Realistic damage modeling and gore.A huge variety of ways to play (1 man army, stealth, just run and hope for the best, etc).A large variety of weapons and combat tactics.The campaign storyline is great and the voice acting is top notch."
76561198129850676,Recommended,239140,32143262,Posted: 2 June,all,Lighteous,the only zombie game i've truly enjoyed in the past 10 years.graphics 10/10story 7/10atmosphere 10/10gameplay 10/10worth the money? 100%
,Recommended,239140,35117262,Posted: 21 September,all,Garbage Jesus,"Really great coop action platformer. Emphasis on the coop, which is an absolute blast. Controls are fluid, animations and graphics are absolutely top notch, and every thunk of your wrench against a zombie feels real. Occasional got dropped in online coop, but it wasn't too painful. The storyline is pretty ok, and the main character is kind of a whiny slave ♥♥♥♥♥ for most of it. However subpar the story was, the final mission was an absolute ride up until the very end. My adrenaline spiked like it never has for a video game."
,Recommended,239140,29753644,Posted: 6 February,all,GNinja2006,Super fun. Scary at times and hilarious at times. great progression system and fun weapons. Highly recommened. best with friends
,Recommended,239140,31027888,Posted: 8 April,all,icecoldzombie,"one of the best games iv played, deffeniitly worth the price, but dont believe me, just read some of the better more thorght out reviews"
,Recommended,239140,21091230,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I have pre-purchased the game (Dying Light Ultimate Edition so the game plus the season pass) for approx. 100$At first, the game was great but it was not worth the 100$.I would have love to be able to get a refund back then.But now that I see what they did with the game (new DLC) and an update to the game that is free (just the way it should be).I haven't tried the new expansion but by seeing how it looks like, that's what I call something great, perhaps 19.99$ is a little too much and the game is still not worth 100$ but at least the developer is not that bad, not the greatest but not the worse either (looking at you Infinity Ward, you and your filthy, worthless déjà vue ""DLCs"")It may not be the greatest game ever, Techland may have been greedy at first but the game is good, once again it is not the greatest game ever, not the game with the most content ever either but it's a good game that deserves at least 8/10 In my opinion."
,Recommended,239140,20336959,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,さかい Sakai,"Have you ever played Dead Island and/or Mirror's Edge? If you haven't played either one, let me tell you. This game is what happens when you put parkour into a zombie apocalype.The story/plot of the game is not bad but pretty predictable which is kind of unfortunate but the gameplay is a different story. From breaking skulls of zombies in the day stresslessly to running away from aggressive mutated zombies at night, it can be very thrilling and satisfying as you run away from a large horde of zombies who chase you non-stop the moment the caught you in their sight. You can craft weapons, upgrade you weapons and craft more items as you level up and encounter survivors that aid you as you play, for example, using firecrackers to lure them away or using traps set around the city to stop their pursuit or simply run as fast as far as whatever you can to get away in style. The best thing to do, however, would be dropkicking every single zombie you see and send them flying. Literally.Overall I would give the game a 8/10 but I'll give it a 9/10 simply because of how much fun I had with dropkicks.I would recommend this game for players who enjoy zombie survival games and and parkour freely around the place."
76561198007572756,Recommended,239140,35170221,Posted: 23 September,all,Pettylord,"This game is amazing, buy it."
,Recommended,239140,35165138,Posted: 23 September,all,Weenie Hut JRS,Dying Light is THE BEST zombies game you will play.The movement and gameplay just feel right. The parkour in this game is just outstanding. The stories and side missions are just action-packed and really good over all. If you get a Dead Island vibe it's because Dying Light was made by the same company. You will NOT be dissapointed if you get this game.
76561198092841842,Recommended,239140,19957138,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ole,Gut game yes yes I promise u very gut.
,Recommended,239140,35152302,Posted: 23 September,all,ASSHOLE,Was not expecting to have this much fun with a parkour zombie killing game. The freedom allowed to the player is astronomical and the ways you can dispatch the undead are creative to hilarious.BUY THIS GAME AND PLAY ALL DLC 10/10
,Recommended,239140,34511534,Posted: 26 August,all,root@mrmoonz:~#,"Good Games, On Graphics, Parkour and the real zombie life hahaa. like the real survival without guns !"
76561198230523880,Recommended,239140,32326867,Posted: 10 June,all,Ballard,"without doubt the best zombie survival game of all time, graphics look amazing the gameplay is great. the day time feels a complete breath of freash air compared to night as it feels like a nightmare and the slightest noise gets a horde after you."
,Recommended,239140,27833858,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lil Jeffe,Wait a second... is this mirror's edge or Dead island?
76561197994988907,Recommended,239140,32953371,Posted: 28 June,all,Ickon CL-Mike waBOOski,i thought was mirrors edge 2/10 dissapointed
,Recommended,239140,25907248,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pladimir Vutin,LOVE THAT ♥♥♥♥ING BLOOD GORE!!!!
,Recommended,239140,25905375,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ThunderMare,One of the most awesome zombie games I've played thus far.
,Recommended,239140,18799148,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BFC | Bowie ▀▁▀,I love it
,Recommended,239140,33760479,Posted: 24 July,all,ASAP Mvp,"One of the best zombie games on the market, if you haven't played this game then you're missing out. The parkour adds a whole new level to a genre thats been done over and over."
76561198030229496,Recommended,239140,29950204,Posted: 15 February,all,BARBARIAN,"wow, just wow. This game is great, 10/10 all the way. theres way to much to say here, it would take me all day to go into why this game is just bomb. Just buy and love it like the rest of us. simple and to the point."
76561198058828212,Recommended,239140,14895710,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Valentine,Amazing
76561198045100244,Recommended,239140,35453370,Posted: 3 October,all,Mr. L,It's what Dead Island should have been
76561197970546329,Not Recommended,239140,16677991,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ShrOomz,"if you like games that take 20 plus hits to kill one enemy when you have 4 others attacking you, this is the game for you. if you like getting stuck doing trivial missions only to progress the story, this game is for you. if you like zombie games this is not for you...this game could have been fun but you are forced to level up your character to be able to do anything cool. normally i wouldn't mind, but you'll end up with basically the same character the other players have. so in my opinion, why even have a leveling system? the biggest annoyance is it takes like 10 to 20 hits in the head to kill anything.i wish i could get a refund.. i should have known better since i didn't like dead island, but dead island was more entertaining than this garbage."
76561198015172805,Recommended,239140,33010375,Posted: 29 June,all,ice,pretty good for the price
,Recommended,239140,33007413,Posted: 29 June,all,Strategic_Link,great game to play with friends
76561198044532090,Recommended,239140,25797530,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,robustRAPTOR,I was shaking in my boots the time it hit night fall. Fantastic game. Great fun with friends.
,Recommended,239140,35457200,Posted: 3 October,all,H3LL-RAiSZ3R,"Dying light is a fantastic game and I dont feel like there's anything like this game out there.. Definitly the greatest Zombie game I have played and I have played the popular ones.. Still my favorite. The thing that stands out the most in this game that seperates it, has to be the movement\character control and acrobatic abilities. Might feel a little slow at first but as you progress in the game gaining abilities, and aquiring things like the grappling hook, you will be flying around just destroying zombies for fun, and wait til your powerful enough to actually fight Volitle's!! This is one of those underepriciated\recognized games I feel like sometimesPros:-Acrobatics movement is fun as hell-Nice levling system-AAA graphics-Awesome devs, as they made some of the new content, they just gave it to players that already had the game. Things like that, which show the devs want players to enjoy their game as a priority over $ grab.. is a + in my book-Easy to pickup, learn the crafting system, skill system and get going. Ive play alot of games in which I still dont understand it all LOL-Combat system is different, being heavily based on melee, I love this games combat. Unique and enjoyableCons-Was a bit rough on optimization in the beggining, I believe alot of that is fixed now, I have a Titan X so I cannot really comment on bad performance as for me it's smooth-My friends wont just buy it cuz i tell them to-Some people say the story is a bit boring, or doesn't make sense. IMO though I thought it was decent, for a story mode with 4 player CO-OP that you can play with through the ENTIRE game except the LAST mission I thought it did wellConsidering everything I give the game a 9/10 and I HIGHLY recommend you try thig game if your checking out reviews and reading this, then yeah it's worth it. I also have a lot of offline hours into the game as well so don't think I really played only 48 hours.. Used to not have internet\very limited."
,Recommended,239140,19179607,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Ianluring,Overall awesome game!!!
,Recommended,239140,19177579,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheGreatCornholio,"Really fun game, feels like an amalgamation between Far Cry, Mirrors Edge and Dead rising to me. Easy way to put about 40/50 hours into if you do all the side quests and challenges."
,Recommended,239140,21110123,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,TJ3360,This is the most fun I've had doing Story in any game I have played
,Recommended,239140,24707720,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,[VADE] The Vadettax,"Great zombie game.Parkour is a ton of fun, and you really feel like a complete badass once you've started to master jumping rooftop to rooftopThe fighting is also great, bashing in the faces of zombies and kicking them down feels satisfying, not to mention the countless other combat moves unlocked through the progression trees.And my favorite part is how you can run coop through almost the entire game except for the prologue and the finale which got me and my brother hooked on this game for days.Definitely worth the money"
76561197970682597,Recommended,239140,25892970,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sup3rm@toZoide,Soo much has been said by others. Awesome game. Would buy it again and again ...
,Recommended,239140,24299612,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SoulTakerVale,"This is an awesome zombie game, the fact that it envolves parkour is the cherry of the cake.Very good history and very good sidequest, the clothes and weapons DLC's are very low cost.The skill trees are very good and also the skills.Highly recomended"
,Recommended,239140,24308990,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,donutdog,yawoo
76561198173433309,Recommended,239140,24338736,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,epsteinlaroche,"This game is all about running around a very well designed world. It's incredibly fun, especially at night. As you can see by my hours played, there's a ton of fun to be had there. But that's about it. That's fine though. It's more than enough to recommend getting it, maybe on sale.The rest of the game is really hit or miss. Mostly miss. There's not an original character to be found, only 4 of the main characters have any kind of resolution and none of them are earned. The story itself is just beyond poor. Every single beat is frustratingly stereotypical at best, non-sensical at worst, and often both. The gameplay is balanced all out of whack and very quickly you'll be one shotting everything.The added Hard and Nightmare modes I like, if only because I love devs who do things like that when players ask for it. Apart from that they're not a good time. They make pretty much everything tedious. Looting becomes all you do and running into every friggin house to look through cupboards is not fun, especially in a giant, pretty world like this that then disappears in the process of constantly staring at the ground. Fighting is also tedious. For example, on Normal there's a type of enemy that is tougher and meaner, but only really comes out if you're ♥♥♥♥ing around recklessly. It's a standard game trade-off. On Hard and Impossible 5 or 6 of them just show up every ten minutes no matter what you're doing, and you'll lose half of your weapons durability dealing with them. Regular enemies still outrageously resillient at endgame, even with the strongest weapons. Human enemies can take 4 point blank shotgun headshots and be fine, while you, much more realistically, die from 2 or 3 bullets at most. It's just not fun.The expansion is more of the same, except now you have to go much further to complete short objectives on fetch quests, which is every quest. You do get to drive, if that's your thing. Same as the campaign, the endings don't fit at all because there's no reason to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anyone or anything beyond needing to deal with them to get to the next objective. I do think they're cool ideas, but there's no weight to them, so it doesn't really matter how cool they are.There's also one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who does nothing but stand around all day admonishing you for standing around when you're very clearly the only person in the whole goddamn city doing anything. ♥♥♥♥ that guy."
,Recommended,239140,24352247,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,BarghestStalker,"Story (No Spoiler)You are Kyle Crane, a GRE operative with the mission to get in contact with Kadir Suleiman and secure the a secret file that contains vital informantion for mankind to survive the outbreak. The game starts with you arriving in the quarantine zone of Harran using an airplane.GameplayThe game brings a very fun way to move around a town infested with the living dead by using a set of parkour moves, from jumping from roof to roof to falling down an antenna tower on top of gargage bags you can also use ziplines, a grappling hook or a pyza suit. There are several skills that can be unlocked as you level up, you'll be able to ram enemies, as well as breaking their necks, their skulls, throwing freezing/burning/explosive ninja stars, luring them to deadly traps. The weapons rarity is similar to the dead island franchise, you have the white, green, blue, violet, orange and the new yellow tier, they can be repared only a few amount of times after breaking forever, but this can be extended as you progress. Beware that a rare weapon can be as weak as a common one if it's level is too low. The weapon variety is vast, by looting or buying you can acquire bats, axes, swords, knives and a lot more, they can be modified using weapon blueprints adding elemental effects to your attacks and a very cool look to your carnage tool. At night the gameplay changes drastically, a great ammount of powerfull infected called volatiles will hunt you down, they are sensitive to UV light, that's one of your weapons at night as well as some light traps scattered across the map. This game has a multiplayer mode, you can bring three more friends to help you kill the infected in harran, there's also an invasion mode in which a player can enter your game as an infected. You can browse through a list of current games and see the other player's story progression to match your own.Graphics and performanceThe game has great graphics with a lot of customizable options such as view distante, film grain, antialiasing, DoF. The high quality textures, particles, shadows combined with the dynamic day/night cycle are pure eye candy material. The facial animations are very convincing and character models high detailed. The optimization is great, it works in the highest settings with at solid 60fps, you can check out my rig specs below.PC SpecsProcessor: Core I7 2600kRAM: 16GBMotherboard: Asus Maximus IVGraphics Card: GTX 970AudioThe voice acting is high quality, the game has a great set o ambient sounds that subtly change according to the place you go to. Making it feel very realistic."
76561198067614852,Recommended,239140,24362514,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,jeremiah.hoehne,"Do you like Zombies? Open-world games? Parkour? If so, this game is for you.  Free-run your way through Harran in this zombie-filled, open world game. If you liked Dead Island you'll love Dying Light. Great voice acting, atmosphere, soundtrack and gameplay leads me to highly recommend this game. Don't take my word for it though, with 92% of people giving it a thumbs up out of over 30,000 reviews,  I think Techland hit a home-run with this one."
,Recommended,239140,24371566,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kilastio | blw.tf,"Really nice game, although my fps is pretty low. but pretty nice."
,Recommended,239140,24344617,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,EchoSon,"The game looks fantastic, the parkour and combat feel responsive and quick, there's a lot to do, and who doesn't love dropkicking or nonchalantly pushing around zombies?  With the exception of ""The Following"" DLC, however, the other DLC doesn't have enough bang-for-your-buck, so avoid that."
76561198079986640,Recommended,239140,24344724,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,RazerCortex,Do you like going wherever you want doing whatever you want? Even while in the storyline? Do you like smashing zombies heads inHighly addictive like GTA 5 But with zombiesEasy to survive in the daytime but at night those volitiles will kill you even if your all geared up so use those UV lamps
76561198122108656,Recommended,239140,24366175,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dank3g0,11/10. Everything you'd want in a zombie game. Buy it.
76561198193314953,Recommended,239140,35462002,Posted: 3 October,all,mmoore5325,"Resident Evil meets Assassin's Creed.  This is the best Zombie game I have ever played in my life.  I remember the first review I read on here before I purchased it.  This is not a zombie game, this is THE zombie game.  I have been praying for them to either at least more substantial DLC or a Dying Light 2.  The story is good, A+++ voice acting, quests flow seamlessly, amazing graphics, night time can be a giant adrenaline rush and scary as hell.  Great leveling system.  Its not long like Witcher 3 long, but if you choose to do the side quests which can be very entertaining as well, you won't have any complaints about not having things to do.  And the greatest thing about this game is replayability.  The is one of the only games I have kept coming back to.  Something about hearing that head splat like a melon, or hearing that zombie neck break like I'm popping my back, so refreshing.Then there is the DLC, basically Dying Light 2, cause its just as long if not longer than the first part. Bigger map.  Too big to run across, so they give you an offroad buggy to run over fields of zombies with.  I think the story in part 1 was better than part 2, but both stories were great.  Too many easter eggs to count in both.  You can even slide down a pipe like Mario to play a Dying Light version of Mario, albeit very short, but still, its just one of the many crazy easter eggs that are hidden throughout the game.They just started releasing 10 additional pieces of free DLC not too long ago because they realized that, like myself, others haven't stopped coming back to play this game cause its so fun.  As far as I know, however, it has been relative fluff so far.  Nothing substantial.  A few new monsters/enemies who are supposedly tougher and smarter.  I am hoping that one of them is something substantial, like a new map, new characters to deal with, new 20 hours of story.And, like everything, lets get to the bad part.There isn't a dying light sequel and its been years.  And they haven't mentioned anything in the works.  COME ON TECHLAND.Good Night.  Good Luck."
76561198165698198,Recommended,239140,35462025,Posted: 3 October,all,Dat Boi,"By far the best zombie, parkour, action, AWESOMENESS!"
,Recommended,239140,35459801,Posted: 3 October,all,Vindicator,"Extremely good storyline and game mechanics, but the farther you go the more repetitive it gets. Especially the loot, don't expect any new loot or weapon once you finished the first half of Dying Light: The Following The only thing useful was the crossbow tbh. If they added more weapons i.e sniper rifle, or new upgrades that would be great. Worth buying regardless if it's on sale or not."
,Recommended,239140,32409944,Posted: 14 June,all,Munchies [NerdsBG],"This game is the definition of epicness. Open world that feels alive, Day vs Night changes the way you play, Buggies, Parcour that is done great. It's just amaizing it will make you scared or happy or it will just make you say WOW or WTF every 5 minutes ...Lots of content, pvp, co - op, amaizing single player, amaizing graphics, workshop, only one DLC and it's included.Just a great game. Try it out and try not to cry."
,Recommended,239140,28818923,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Helliwolf,"This is a very well done zombie game. It's Dead Island meets FarCry3. I love the idea of free running all over the place as you fight through hordes of zombies to get to your objectives. Dying Light has a beautiful world that I loved being a part of and a strory that kept my interest and had me wanting to do quest after quest even if they often involved going to a specific place and fetching an item. The journey there and back always kept me enteretained because something always happened on the trip.The stronger enemies at night are the perfect addtion to give the game real challenge. Even when I unlocked most of my abilities and had access to powerful weapons, going out at night was a stressful ordeal. I dreaded every quest requiring me to do something after dark.Overall a great game that I would love to have more of and am going to be very sad finnish."
,Recommended,239140,23926752,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TheKidGamer,"Really great game. I used to play it a lot more than I do now. The graphics are phenomenal and the gameplay is pretty fun. Now, the following dlc is ok. The only good thing imo is the cars, otherwise I didn't really enjoy playing it. But the first story is way more fun. Play multiplayer too so someone can give u weapons or something. But yea I reccomend getting this game on sale."
76561198134658940,Recommended,239140,19345080,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rick Ross,"Very, very fun game.I loved this game not only for its looks but it's zombie slaying.Atleast until I met IT.Everyone who has beaten or plans to beat the campain know what IT is.IT is a baby, IT is satan, IT is horrible, IT's screams hurt, PLEASE REMOVE THIS SATAN BABY ITS DEMONIC LITTLE FACE MAKES ME WANT TO SLAM A DOOR AGAINST MY HEAD.10/10 story8/10 gameplay10/10 music9/10 controls3.14/10 eaten"
,Recommended,239140,35485729,Posted: 4 October,all,Onion™,I'm using a laptop and it runs well. P neat
76561198273493009,Recommended,239140,35485564,Posted: 4 October,all,RoscoeSteele16,"Have it for Xbone.played for hours on end there, then played through again on pc.Can not recommend this game enough.lots of fun, good story, satisfying mechanics."
76561198199238779,Recommended,239140,35485968,Posted: 4 October,all,Turok,Got this game back in June when it was on sale then safe to say GET THIS GAME NOW BEFORE DEAL ENDS. Grab a few friends and enjoy the great open world of Dying Light explore the very rich and detailed world of Harran and the country side in the DLC The Following. Now most people will agree this game is more fun on multiplayer meeting people from the fan base or grabbing a few friends this game is also great solo playing as well. In multiplayer you can always rely on your buddies to help you but when you play alone like I did for my campaign run through/ side quest run through the game is a whole different experience. You will start out weak (making it very realistic) it will take many hits to kill zombies even regular walkers I think this brings in that fear that new players will come to find enjoyable you have to play smart you have little health and one zombie is already a challenge to fight and nights are terrifying. Later on down the road you will soon learn the ways of the game and people an expert. Even at high levels when you have all the good gear etc etc its still a challenge you can always slip up or make a rookie mistake. Now don't worry trust me its still fun up here at high levels which I think is the reward for playing the game that long once you get  to legendary it's very fun as well. The campaign for both the main / dlc map are ok you may be a little disappointed as far as character devlopment and how short it is. The side quest vary from being very cool to being complete utter trash/ boring. Hands down the best parkour system ever to be created in a single player game (games need to learn from this one right here). The world is so fun to explore from the slums to old town to the country side even to the small antenna map. Overall this game is totally worth it esepcially when its on sale.
,Recommended,239140,27570574,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Goat Nibbler,"One of the best games I have played ever. Love the parkour and accesibility of the map, which is small compared to other games I play (Arma, Dayz) however it is very hard to traverse with hundreds of infected littering the streets and forcing you to stick to rooftops in order to move safely although always under threat. Not quite a realistic game but perfect for hopping on, doing some missions, collecting airdrops, beating some zombies faces in or psychopath killers and enjoying the game for a few hours, and why not let some of your friends join too, even more fun! Play time also seems a good bit longer than most other story based games, or quest lines."
,Recommended,239140,28199338,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jayzqa,"Pros:-Finally a good gore engine-One of the best co-op games in this genre-144Hz!-Parkour feels very fluid-Good long story-Guns work like they should-Fun fun fun!-Did I mention the goreCons:-No oculus/vive support ;_; (We need it)-Now I want even more gore!Just buy it, its one of the best experiences in the genre"
,Recommended,239140,33332722,Posted: 6 July,all,Purple_Fish,This game terrifies me in a way that nothing else does
,Recommended,239140,33684540,Posted: 20 July,all,Nixiella,"Love this game, VERy addicting to say the least."
,Recommended,239140,30291206,Posted: 3 March,all,Wolf,"Dying Light is one of those games that does many things right, and it is a whole lot of fun. Techland created a zombie game in the vein of Dead Island, with huge improvements, but without the campiness. The zombie world of Dying Light revolves around a great premise. The sidequests range from somewhat fun to damn cool. There are many different scenarios, and they are events and occurrences that would more than likely occur in a post-apocalyptic world. There are 44 side quests. While they may not be all worth doing, the player may be surprised by some of the adventures they bring.The parkour is fluid and connected, while building off on climbing and jumping mechanics that makes free-running exhilarating. It starts off slow, but once you get going on the agility skill tree, free-running is really fun. I highly recommend putting points in the fall damage mitigation, and forward roll. For instance, parkour/free-running has three stages of upgrades. You start off as a novice freerunner, and as you progress through the skill tree, you become more athletic, therefore, traversing the world faster with less stumbles. These all make for smooth controls that are very responsive, and it does not miss a beat. Fun times.You can also combine abilities from different skill trees to perform combos. For example, you can use ""vault"" on a zombie, followed by a ""drop attack"" for a satisfying combo finisher.If you are trying to connect Dead Island and DI: Riptide to this game, it probably shares in common some visual art design, melee combat, without the campiness. But the melee combat has been greatly improved. The melee combat is extremely satisfying.The gameplay is where Dying Light shines. Gunplay is so much better too. Throw in free-running abilities, the three skill trees, and gameplay is a blast. Dying Light sports the best melee/parkour combat to date.And while I feel the gameplay is the best part of the game, Dying Light does many other things right too. In another light, the ending was predictable, although it could have been handled differently. I would have liked to see a twist in the story. I feel like the premise of Dying Light could have served a multitude of story branches. A missed opportunity, indeed.It is one of those games that takes bits of concepts from other games like Mirror's Edge, Dead Island, Far Cry 3+4, and executes it well. It does not feel like you're playing those games per say, but it does remind you of them. If that makes any sense. It feels different, and more than enough to stand on its own.If you guys have a chance, give it a try. But if you choose to focus too much on its flaws, you will probably end up not liking it, and you will probably dislike it for the wrong reasons. I felt this way in the beginning, but this is one of those games that really grows on you. It is not amazing, but it has some spectacular moments.The visuals are up to par with modern games, atmospheric and immersive, slick and smooth controls--button mapping is great to accommodate for melee combat and free-running, extremely detailed game world, combined with satisfying melee combat complimented by three skill trees that enhance gameplay incredibly.The sound design is excellent, from the cries of a zombie from several yards away, to a great soundtrack (some 80s/90s music),There are many different zombie types--common, stronger common, special, and nighttime zombies all make for interesting enemy and A.I. During nighttime, some common zombies behave more aggressively, and the nighttime zombies like the Volatiles come out on patrol. Volatiles, like the more alert and aggressive common zombies, have a cone of vision that appears on the mini-map to show the player if they have been alerted. A eye icon appears over the actual zombie on screen if they have spotted you, and the icon fills up with a red color indicator to show if you are being pursued. The zombie A.I. is smart.Day-zombies may not be much of a threat as night-zombies, but day-zombies can be a threat in numbers. ""Free-runner"" zombies are former runners that turned into the infected. They move and run faster, and they can climb objects and structures, unlike their common zombie cousins. They are more aggressive and they relentlessly pursue you until you put them out of their misery.The physics is good, and it makes for some unintentional, hilarious moments.I highly recommend crafting and experimenting with every weapon, even if you feel like you will not like ""throwing weapons"" or ""trap bombs."" In this game, you're going to want to try everything. They're all fun to use, and they provide for cool gameplay scenarios you can come up with.Achievements in Dying Light are worth hunting, especially in co-op mode. Take a little time to read through them because they encourage you to experiment and try different things. I am glad I looked through them. Point being is, get creative. Use your imagination and try to do everything. Experiment.Nighttime is really intense because that's when the more hellish zombies come out and stalk you. You have probably read that other players have reported that the game does not feature real-time day and night cycles, and that is untrue. Early on in the game, there are a few story missions that introduce you to nighttime. I think this confused players. After you have completed those, day and nighttime cycle kicks in. Day lasts several hours, and nighttime only lasts for a very short time. And this occurs without story mission/side quests. You can fast-forward time by clicking on a bed (wait until night or morning), and go off on your adventure.However, I do take issue with the timer for nighttime. There could have been a setting to change how long nighttime lasted. Seven minutes isn't all that much, even though it can sometimes feel like ""forever"" with Volatiles chasing you across the city.There are mini-games spread throughout the world of Dying Light. These include ""challenges"" that you can participate in, like a free-running challenge, killing a specfic amount of the infected in the quarantine zone, or a challenge scenario where you need to kill 40 zombies within a limited amount of time. It sounds simple on paper, but these challenges can be pretty entertaining in spurts and especially with a co-op partner.Dying Light is one of those rare videogames that was designed thoughtfully. Single-player and co-op intertwine in harmony, and one mode does not hamper the other. After having played over 50 hours of Dying Light, I can genuinely say that this is one of the best single-player/co-op campaign games out there. With Invasion mode and nighttime adding a whole new dynamic to zombie-killing madness, gameplay is intensified and it brings fresh new gameplay that would have been missed had it not been included. It is one of the better games that have been released in recent years, and it definitely stands out from the crowd of new-gen games.9.0 out of 10.- Highly recommmended.- Huge improvement over Dead Island- Excellent and thoughtful single-player/co-op design- Extremely satisfying melee combat system- Great parkour that is fluid and highly responsive- Deep skill trees, and game mechanics like crafting and upgrades- Great visuals for an open-world game- Immersive and atmospheric- Cool characters- Solid writing for the most part, and good dialogue- Great premise- Many zombie types provide for dynamic gameplay- Excellent zombie A.I.- Innovative nighttime zombie gameplay- Excellent and responsive controls- Missed opportunities in plot twist- Ending was anti-climatic- Missed opportunities in potentially good scares- Main protagonist feels hollow- Most characters are forgettable"
76561198103299599,Recommended,239140,35481993,Posted: 4 October,all,Pancake_44,"Great game, played it on ps4 and now playing it over again on pc, both times the game has been fun. It amazes me how they are capable to create nerve racking moments that actually scare you in real life. (Especially if you play at night) Amazing graphics, fun things to mess around with like drop kicking, theres something so satisfying about drop kicking someone off a tall building. The sound track, oh my don't get me started, its so good in my oppinion it goes so well with the game. I love this game and it is 100% worth the price, I would probably pay more for it too."
,Recommended,239140,35408806,Posted: 2 October,all,Danster,Excellent game. Parkour was surprisingly fun and I find I miss it in other games now.
,Not Recommended,239140,20048193,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zonejones,Good game but the motion blur gives me a headache. It sucks because they are doing this with most new games. Too much on the screen and on top of that they make it blurry and add head bob and obnoxius bloom effects. Disgusting visuals actually make me physically ill.
,Recommended,239140,35454879,Posted: 3 October,all,Claymore,What Dead Island should have been. A solid game with very little issues. Has some challenging parts but has a good story. This and The Walking Dead is how I think the world might end up of the zombie apocalypse were to happen.
,Recommended,239140,33985004,Posted: 2 August,all,υℓтяα⁸⁵,holy ♥♥♥♥ i bought this one at release and its still great
76561198119414294,Recommended,239140,35470297,Posted: 4 October,all,msacool,"Never played zombie game before except resident evil, because isn't that interesting for me. My Friend once recommended this game to me but i never look at it. In meantime when i get bored with game that i had, i saw this game get discount. So i buy it with enhanced edition. Well i never found game that give experience like this game, parkour with zombie? this game so awesome, after 74 hours played this game still give me a good time, well the developer give update the content also. Thats good, I hope there more free content for this game. Well if you want to find game that give you chill when night and parkour with zombie and ride a car too i think this game is for you, also with good price too."
76561198049893426,Recommended,239140,26836737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,super-nintendo,10\10
76561198428645497,Recommended,239140,35479225,Posted: 4 October,all,DRAKO pvpro.com bounty-skins.net,Good game
,Recommended,239140,35478318,Posted: 4 October,all,ARC-5555,Best game I've ever played.
76561198154602881,Recommended,239140,35488391,Posted: 5 October,all,YAAYEET,Had a ♥♥♥♥ing heart attack.
76561198040150241,Recommended,239140,35507668,Posted: 5 October,all,k-war13,"This game is simply amazing. What's there not to like. Amazing combat, fluid movement, great story, hilarious side quest. I'm not even into the zombie genre. 10/10."
76561198066534364,Recommended,239140,24393126,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ivannacookie,This game ruined all other survival games for me. Where else do I get to parcour away from zombies while searching for high end loot?1337/10 would suffer ptsd after the zombie child level again
,Recommended,239140,31014031,Posted: 8 April,all,WasteLander™,My favorite open world survival game i recommend this game
,Recommended,239140,35495227,Posted: 5 October,all,✪ Hamza,nice game love it <3
,Recommended,239140,35495360,Posted: 5 October,all,Dexiant,"At this point just buy the game. It goes on sale constantly for $20, had some of the most fun and satisfying game play out there, an active community, a great DLC, 3 distinct areas that completely change how you play depending on where you are...what more could you want people. At least buy this game to support the awesome devs who are still releasing content for a game that is already nearly 3 years old."
76561198090972442,Recommended,239140,14459198,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Trundle,"Really fun game, its like if mirrors edge and dead island had a baby. The story is nothing special and the graphics are disappointing but thats not the reason its worth playing. The gameplay is smooth and the game itself works fine with out bugs. 7.5/10"
76561198026534273,Recommended,239140,24484829,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tyc,"Dead Island + Mirror's Edge with a well made day/night cycle and a main character who is kind of relatable. A slow start, but once you've get going it's a really fun game. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,24489473,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zanoroy,"Love this game.Lots of continued play after completing the initial story line.Be the Zombie is loads of fun, even when getting my a$$ handed to me."
,Recommended,239140,20864415,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,♘IcédTea冰红茶,"Definitely the best zombie/ survivor game I have played so far. I can still remember the day when I am too scared to go out at night. Instead, I have to take a nap and wait for daylight. The parkour and plot added so much fun to this game. Can't wait for the new expansion!"
76561198139240946,Recommended,239140,35506781,Posted: 5 October,all,Silver,Just sh*t my pants in the third nightRUN!!!  RUN for your life!!!!!!!! and don't look back ( You can press B to look back while sprinting....but don't )Just don't go out at night....fu*king crazy out there and you can't see sh*tI think I'll have a little heart attack when I was chasing by 11 running zombies.... Damnnnn10/10 You have to try it for yourself
76561198051262862,Recommended,239140,19600023,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Noodle-Man™,Best game 10/10
,Recommended,239140,19864069,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DH is bi-winning?,This game had me screaming when dark fell and all I could hear was the zombies chasing me but I dared not look back....awsome.
76561198006681263,Recommended,239140,20981972,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Crowley,This game let's you kill zombies in an online co-op with what I can only assume to be stadiums filled with drunken russians.
76561198095484358,Recommended,239140,19865492,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,j o k e r,BEST.ZOMBIE.GAME.EVER.
76561197974186199,Recommended,239140,20981932,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kenji Meadu,Unique zombie slaughter combined with parcore. It's fun.
,Recommended,239140,19862857,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,will,Possibly the best zombie game ever made!
76561198078981894,Recommended,239140,19864483,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Yence🌹,"It's pretty good. The only thing that's sad is that it is not really that fast paced like Mirror's Edge. It's more like 30% Mirror's Edge, 30% Left 4 Dead Styled, and 40% Generic FPS Shooter. It's still an amazing game."
76561198055120480,Recommended,239140,20981766,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,xXPeanutMnMzXx,The most epic Zombie-Horror game I have played!
76561198065625313,Recommended,239140,35518890,Posted: 6 October,all,The Dark Nyan,Dying Light is probably one of the best gaming experiences I've had in quite some timeProsExtremely fun to use parkour system allowing for easy traversal of the mapGory and satisfying combat with the brutality on par with mortal combatSkill trees with great depth allowing you to feel that your skills are greatly improving all the timeTerrifying night cycle turning the game from a brutal slasher movie where you're the predator to a paranoia filled horror game where you're the preyEndlessly fun co-op where you and 3 of your friends can take on the plague ridden wasteland formerly known as HarranConssomewhat cliched story/story eventssometimes buggyweapon repair system can take away your best weapons in what could seem like an instantcertain upgrades (ie. the forward/parkour roll or the grappling hook) can have a drastic impact on gameplay causing you to make mistakes if you were to play with a new game and reset your skillsI hope this review of Dying Light will help you decide if you wish to buy it or not
,Recommended,239140,35520661,Posted: 6 October,all,Noire's Secretary,I love it till this day!One of my favourite Games!You gotta kill them zombies but it gets even more scary in the night... ;PGood Night. Good Luck.
,Recommended,239140,26402926,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DualDisk,"This game... It's not just a game. It's something that I have never experienced before. I love this game, I love the story but I wish there would be an ending where Kyle Crane would still be alive. Thank you ""Techland"" for creating such masterpiece."
76561198159596218,Recommended,239140,30208866,Posted: 26 February,all,supahfly®,"Zombies, weapons good graphics what's not to like."
,Recommended,239140,14202177,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Loli Assassin,"Going to keep this review short and to the point, basic mechanics are outstanding, the freerunning and combat feel really good and really sell the idea that it's often better to just run away than to fight, the day/night cycle while wonky (some missions lock the time of day or force it to a certain point) is also great with night making you feel truely alone and vulnerable if you get stuck far from a safehouse.A few negatives from my five hours so far:-Minor audio bugs, mostly from dialogue.-poor lip sync, somtimes it's ok, sometimes it's not even close-too many safe houses, small map- it sometimes feels like you're stumbling into a safehouse every block or two, and the map seems to be quite small, only a kilometer or two across at best, which is a fine size especially with no vehicles, but the game feels like it could be much bigger and more impressive, especially after that opening parachute drop shows you such a huge city.Either way, I'm having tons of fun with this game and I can't wait to try out the co-op/be the zombie gameplay.Strong recommendation for one of the most solid zombie games to come out recently."
,Recommended,239140,14605968,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MedicSN6,What an amazing title. This will be the game of the year.
,Recommended,239140,14235996,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,High King Herb,"I used to think the Zombie/Infected genre was worn out by now.This game changed my mind on that.If you like the Dead Island Series, or pratically any Zombie game, this game is perfect.Pros:+ The map isn't bland+ The zombies aren't bland+ The parkour is dope+ Weapon System is dope+ Leveling System is dope+ Well over 50+ hours of contentCons:- Missing a jump is the most annoying thing ever- If some zombies catch you in a gangbang, it's usually game over- Only one character model- No character customization- Did I mention there is absolutely no player customization?Overall, this game takes the boring overrated zombie survival genre and makes it fresh and beautiful. Tons of side quests and side content to do besides the main story.There is also a ""Be the Zombie"" mode which lets you invade other player's games such as Darksouls and WatchDogs. This game isn't a stereotypical zombie game, so don't worry about buying another zombie clone."
,Recommended,239140,16877526,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Wezzy'dw',"Good game, loads of fun"
76561197970484290,Recommended,239140,14213008,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,S1STEMAT1C,This game its a mix of mirror's edge and dead island and so far i want to keep playing the game cause the story and the mechanics of the game  are so interesting but the problem is that at the beginning it was runing at full 60 fps everything on high on my asus Z97 mark 1 - core i7 4790k 4.5ghz - 32gb of ram - gtx 980 but after the prologue it fps when down to 30 and 40 -- WOW - what a shame --- the game its a very cool game i hope that they come out with an update in the mean time im gonna play dead rising 3 - i just unlock it to 60 fps and after all the capcons updates the game its runing sweet at 60 fps 144hz full 1080p --
,Recommended,239140,14215212,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Adam Georgeson,"The only reason I purchased this game was because of the reviews.Like all new games that come out I'm very wary about them, because of all the early access failures and games that come out that are just complete rubbish I've always waited for reviews.I got this game and I ended up loving the start of it, the graphics the parkour, however I noticed immediately the massive Ram usage and CPU usage on cut scenes.I'm running Geforce GTX 770, Intel Core i7 4820K @ 4.4Ghz(Overclocked)16GB Ram on windows 8.1.I could get better but I haven't felt the need, Regardless the game runs on all high settings with a decent FPS(In the upper 50's however sometimes about 30 - 40 FPS depending on whats happening) and so far I love the graphics.The gameplay is quite good too, I haven't played any other zombie games like this other than 7DTD, State of decay etc, so the massive open world kind of thing is new to me as a zombie game.I was actually scared when running back to a safe area at night, which literally is a first in a long time(Doom 3 when it first came out absolutely made me horrified of games).Overall, for a game thats come out and actually impressed me with everything, and considering the amount of rubbish games that have come out recently and throughout 2014, my rating is:8/10."
76561198091416352,Recommended,239140,15883501,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Inquisitor,East London streets simulator.
76561198203347572,Recommended,239140,19296508,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AgentX910 ︻芫═──,this game is fun and scary. if you get this game you will have a awesome adventure.
76561198128918110,Recommended,239140,21260212,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,nKarma,11/10 really enjoyed first game you can strangle kids in. jk but really its kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up
,Recommended,239140,22903118,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,✪ HartHome,AMAZING
76561198064514167,Recommended,239140,25932383,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TweeKestrel,"Pretty solid game, Lovin' it."
,Recommended,239140,24092192,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,i ned heling,This game doesn't need a reviev. This game is epic.But not Virals. Virals are annoying as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,239140,14273653,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,easy pete,imagine dead island but made by a development team that didn't have to have suicide nets installed outside of their office windows
,Recommended,239140,29695906,Posted: 4 February,all,ice cream overlord,"Dying Light is a parkour game about killing zombies and helping survivors. The combat and parkour are both very fun and rewarding. Although the story may not be a masterpiece, the general tension throughout the missions and during the night is quite spooky. The Following DLC is also very fun to play as it provides a new large map to roam around in."
,Recommended,239140,26460762,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DaPeter,The only zombie game that's worth its price
,Recommended,239140,32886944,Posted: 27 June,all,CorditeBurn,"TL:DR, Buy it.This game is great value for money, graphics, story, game play etc all good. The devs put blood, sweat and tears into this and it shows, even in the DLC.Story doesn't get old even after a couple of play throughs, but even without starting over it's great just to explore the open world. Highly recommend ""The Following"" DLC, basicly a whole new game bolted on and the bugy is great fun."
,Recommended,239140,14215009,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,JDanielV,"I've read some of the many bad reviews for this game. Honestly, I can't figure out what are they talking about when they say the game is bad. Really, I'm loving this game. I find everything fun; Parkour, crafting, scavenging, killing zombies and people, co-op (haven't tried the PVP feature yet), side missions and story missions. The graphics are really good too. I understand it's much like Dead Island and Mirrors Edge, the thing is, it's clearly not a copy of either game, because in Dead Island you can't do parkour, and in Mirrors Edge, well, there's a whole different setting. It takes certain elements of other successful games and combines them to create a different, enjoyable experience (it's a valid thing to do, you can't expect something to be 100% innovative and original), but it is not a copy. I'm sorry for the guys having technical issues, but this is a review from someone that hasn't experienced anything but very occasional and brief FPS drops. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,239140,15263670,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,★ SmolGui ★,"An excellent game by Techland.The story and gameplay is great. Who can't love freerunning and combat? Also, who can't love a free update to the enhanced edition?This game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,239140,19352031,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Commie Face Puncher™,"could dropkick a zombie off a bridge, and throw grenades at a zombie until it pukes to death10/10 would die from a car getting thrown at me again"
76561198050546223,Recommended,239140,23817713,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SplinterSchism,Seen this game for 50% off and thought why not looks like a hoot!7 hours in me and my buds are still scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to go out at night!Very nice melee system and the parkour is perfect!All in all I would most defiantly recommend this game to zombie fans.and who wouldn't enjoy drop kicking zombies off rooftops?
76561198257046866,Recommended,239140,28286840,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,frostbite,Best co-op game ever!
,Recommended,239140,14270216,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Awesome game, AMD HD6900 (2gb), solid 52+ Fps outdoors , 65+ indoors.Awesome (long) storyline, Great sounds, Creepy atmosphere, Fantastic gameplay,Visualy stunning.10/10 would poop my pants again."
76561198007725370,Recommended,239140,14236469,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Leon026,"Finally, a great zombie survival game. I think this puts DayZ to shame, despite not being in the same genre per se. DayZ, the zombies werent scary - night meant nothing, towns were 'dangerous', but the whole game was dangerous because other players were only there to kill you for beans. In this game, the environment is dynamic - during the day you scavenge for supplies and do quests for survivors and at night... well, you have two options: 1) stay in the safe zone cowering or 2) brave the night for additional rewards. Nighttime gameplay changes how zombies are - they are a bit tougher, but the 'Virals' out there are aggressive and dangerous. They are the hunters, and you, the prey.The parcour free running is the best experience in a game I've ever had, and the co-op is masterful, multiplying the fun tenfold.Zombie dismemberment, combat is dynamic, and the game's sheer beauty is stunning.If there's a game in 2015 that you should buy for its full price, Dying Light is it. Yes, that's despite GTA V.11/10"
,Recommended,239140,14231262,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DrNo~i ache,"Well..I'm in love..I cannot stand lock-picking, but we are totally going steady now"
,Recommended,239140,14440161,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,lan,"I wasn't a fan of Dead Island, but I'm completely blown away by how good this new Techland game is. The story is immersive, the characters are relatable, and the music is chilling. The parkour mechanics are difficult but rewarding, unlike other open-world games like Assassins Creed, where you hold w and space to climb nearly everything. Melee combat is encouraged and the player is able to use a plethora of weapons, from simple nailed boards to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ swords. There are many items and mods to craft. Better mods and items require rare, higher-grade materials.8/8"
76561198047261412,Recommended,239140,14819742,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,jaak0ppi,tämä on ihan hyvä peli +++
,Recommended,239140,28932162,Posted: 2 January,all,mini,This game was lit
76561198107631028,Recommended,239140,14207752,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[SaDS]SnoopeR,Awesome game! but i have regular CrashExit - ResizeBuffers failed 0x887a0005 - and still dont know what to do! GTX680 SLI
,Recommended,239140,14464727,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,n1,"Really good game, perfect parkour system."
,Recommended,239140,14266780,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Flaboze,GAME OF THE YEAR
,Recommended,239140,14433849,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"I rub my nipples every time I see someone complaining about the Parkour mechanics in the game, and to that I say.... ""You mad bro? I iz super kawaii monkey master of teh gameplay!!"". Okay, on to the actual review and I must say after reading about this game, fapping over the trailer released last year... please don't tell my mom.. and not to mention having NO hype for the game whatsoever, I'm actually surprised at how awesome this game turned out but I do have a few problems with  the game I will like to talk about later on in the review.So the pros of the game are the graphics, they are amazing and even the zombies look sooooo gooood I can see a lot of attention went into making this game seem as next gen as possible because the environments during the day look so amazing with the lighting effects just adding that final touch to an otherwise amazing looking game.The gameplay is a mixed bag but I'll quickly talk over about the good stuff first then I'll get to the bad stuff in a bit, the combat. Oh my the combat in this game is 100x better than it was in Dead Island, every swing is fast and did make you feel like you were just ♥♥♥♥♥ slapping the zombie to death and the Zombies can take a beating even from the most powerful weapons. The parkour is amazing as well with some amazing tricks you can do and it's soooooo much fun jumping over Zombies and jumping from rooftop to rooftop, finding hidden boxes from above or even kicking a zombie off the roof which is just as fun. However, those are the only things about the game because now this game features a Night and Day cycle and trust me when I say I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and cried like a man during the night time runs.... dear god the Zombies are more violent at night with some of the special effect chasing you down and actually being FASTER than you are which scared this♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me but your way of defence is with either flares or a special UV flashlight that some of the zombies really hate.Moving on from gameplay is the characters, some are actually very good with characters like Jade who helps you out at the beginning... however, some of the characters you'll probably just glance over until something happens to them that gets the feels going.Now onto the cons, the night is too freaking dark... seriously, and using the flashlight will attract the NightClawers who are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to kill, another mechanic I really wished they didn't bring over was the weapon damage mechanic which means if your weapon is damaged you'll need to find some scrap metal to fix it or find a new weapon which sucks as they are hard to come by.Speaking of weapons... WHY DON'T YOU START THE GAME WITH A BASIC PISTOL?! Seriously, some of the enemies in the game actually have guns which can kill you pretty quickly, and I know its a game about keeping quite and not attracting Zombies but I mean come on, just give us the bloody option.Another thing that bugs me is that if you want the dodge ability... you'll need to upgrade first which I didn't know as I thought you'd have the ability straight away but nope, you'll need to upgrade for it... which was a pain in the as trying to escape from a massive horde of NightClawers.Finally, the story is... okay, but it felt rushed and bland in some areas and I really wanted to see if it could get any better but it's really just an okay story.So my final verdict of Dying Light is:8.5/10Buy it!It's a great game and I can see that TechLand took the time and made this game the best it can be... now if only they could stop making characters who feel the need to eat the iteam they just got instead of just storing it for later... oh well."
,Recommended,239140,23784529,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,123,Best zombie survival I have played & sadly I have played alot...Pros:10/10 Graphics10/10 Story10/10 GameplayCons:...... (Couldn't Find Anything)
76561198201949106,Recommended,239140,24045879,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sandy914,best horror game . loved it!!
,Recommended,239140,32723349,Posted: 24 June,all,[BigBoss],"Awesome game, found it very addictive"
,Recommended,239140,32903387,Posted: 27 June,all,Sonic The Hedgehog Ice Cream Bar,This game is terrible but its better than like 95% of other games so ill recommend it
,Recommended,239140,14199132,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Cromulon,"Dying Light Review (27/1/15, Update: 17/2/15)Dying Light is a game filled with zombies and parkour. This game is great but there are some pros and cons to this game, just like most triple A titles. This is one of my first serious reviews due I believe I need to warn people about what they are buying here and some of the current issues.Cons:-AMD systems be warned the performance is not great when you get past the tutorial. I found myself dropping frames randomly and the parkour and at night time it can be quite difficult getting around at 20-25 fps. So until we get a patch for AMD think carefully about buying this game.(Now most AMD performance issues have been fixed after patch 1.4.0)- The lip sync with the characters is not great for this title and is quite easy to notice. Some may think this is not a huge issue but I like to get immersed in my games and this sort of broke immersion for me.- The eyes on some of the characters are bit all over the place and sometimes put me off from looking at them. Again this sort of broke immersion for me.Pros:- This game has really interesting characters and keeps you intrested in the story (So far).- The graphics are stunning and truly live up todays standards and beyond.- The crafting system and skill trees and are well organised, balanced and contain a variety of player choices.- The parkour system is really good and does not feel glitchy and broken like Assassins creed has felt for a very long time.- The mechanics of how the game works and how it sort of forces you to hide and run at night instead of stand there and fight all the unique zombies the game has to offer.Summary:- Bad performance for AMD users (Fixed after 1.4.0)- Bad lip sync and strange eyes on some of the characters- The story is good and the characters feel realistic and well designed- The parkour makes this game so unique from Dead Island and makes the game feel a lot different- The night and day cycle in the game seems so far very good and uses the play styles well- Crafting system is well designed and the skill tree is not rushedOverall:AMD users this is a serious issue about performance and is the main issue stoping me from playing it and should be considered as a main factor to considering wether to buy this game at its current price tag. Overall I would rate this about a 8/10(UPDATE so 9/10) for a good story and really improved on the features that went so wrong in their previous games, but the performance for AMD users is really irritaiting.Thanks for reading my review and if you buy this game, enjoy!Sloth"
,Recommended,239140,14695307,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Praefectus Foxicus [PTF],"It's a very well put together game. The gameplay is very intriguing and keeps bringing me back every single time. Lockpicking is EXACTLY like the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. And if you haven't played that, I recommend that game to you as well. Graphics are phenomenal but may require a higher CPU to process them, but any computer dating back 4-5 years ago with a good processor should be able to handle it. The only complaint that I have is that in Singleplayer, the character moves a bit slower and this can tend to get annoying, especially when running away from the very fast Biters called Virals. The use of tools, running, sprinting, attacking even are all slowed down until you grab a partner or two. I would like to see some improvement on that one. But other than that, I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the Zombie franchise. And if you don't, I still recommend it out to ye'."
,Recommended,239140,20069280,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,「忍野忍」【CS.MONEY】 im,"This game is amazing, the graphics are stunning, the gameplay is amazing, it has an awesome combat system, I cannot find any reason to not recommend this game.... Dying light is a slow paced zombie survival/action game.The parkour system in this game is beautiful co-op could be better, and the matchmaking system could also be better as during night time anybody could find your game and f--- ur sh-- up. Thanks for reading <3"
,Recommended,239140,21353637,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Búri,>download dying light>install it>open dying light>start game>turn 192000 degrees>have ebin lel>dropkick zombie off roof>close dying light>topkek>repeatwew/10
,Recommended,239140,23509320,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,a[K]rstN | KINGUIN,"Mirror's Edge  + Dead Island = Dying Light           Very Good combination, my favourite combination"
,Recommended,239140,25965266,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Professor Moriarty,the best zombie game that i ever seen!!!!!!!!
76561198136064736,Recommended,239140,24028907,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gandrid,cool
,Recommended,239140,24601605,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Durcaz 💯,Hey Joe! Wanna play a zombie game?
,Recommended,239140,29795613,Posted: 8 February,all,Computercrafted,"This game definately stands out in an oversaturated market of zombie games, while the story isnt the highpoint of the game, it is definately enough for me. Completing all the quests in the base game took around 40 hours for me. My main complain with the following dlc was that it is a little bit of a let down in how short the main campaign is, all you do is gain trust with the villagers through side quests. The vehicles alone make the dlc worth it in the end."
76561198028930386,Recommended,239140,23779260,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Profoundsoup,Yes
76561198098025074,Recommended,239140,14204582,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Thedonutpirate,great game! with my lptop was stronger though...
76561198013475377,Recommended,239140,20464593,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Knyn,"After 36 hours in the game, im just wishing i had the season pass. Man what a great game. Best game I have beaten in a long time."
76561198140226887,Recommended,239140,20519078,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Falwinshair,"Well, I gave myself a few heart attacks being chased by Volatiles."
76561198152246306,Recommended,239140,23208400,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,HybriD3770,Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Edition
,Recommended,239140,23208690,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,John Garett,Good NightGood Luck
,Recommended,239140,14421748,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Albert,great game
76561198112254880,Recommended,239140,14323853,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Hungry_Bite,최적화 좋고 타격감도 굳~간만의 수작
,Recommended,239140,14320392,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jacky7533,"If you love Zombie Survial, with a hints of Parkcour and team play.  This game is FOR YOU!  I love everything about this game; to me, this game is like a mixture of Dead Island elements with Mirror's Edge.  The graphics are absolute beauty.  Run smooth, bugs happens here and there, but the team is patching it quick so thanks to them!  Overall I'd give it a 9/10 !"
,Recommended,239140,14424896,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Hill that has eyes,Fucĸ bombers.
,Recommended,239140,14280346,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jovince,"Amongs all the -way too overly exploited- zombie genre, if I had to chose one title to come out of all of them, it would be this one.  The parkour is fluid and entertaining, the crafting system solid, the textures and environement are beautifull in their uglyness.By day, it's your typical zombie game where you can play the badass.By night, this game will change your meaning of Nightmares."
76561198057582116,Recommended,239140,14326345,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Danga,LIKE!!!!!
76561198137455868,Recommended,239140,14390565,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,"Yer Boat Iz Ready, Cap'n!","10/10 ""IF MAMA AIN'T HAPPY-NOBODY HAPPY"""
76561198061625825,Recommended,239140,14333552,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Vikingishly,This is a very Good game Video wise and design wise..... Gameplay is fine mechanics are fine and pretty much everything is pretty good... But I find myself during the main missions knowing what's gonna happen before it actually happens.. And obviously it's a lot like mirrors edge and dead island.. I think every knows that but yea good game overall
76561198169536639,Recommended,239140,14355481,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bhindi,Obviously better than most of the zombie games in market right now. Love the classical background music in game.
76561198027460432,Recommended,239140,14378415,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sousa,"This Game Is great, good graphics great voice acting- cut scene's, decent crafting system though could be better nice combat system. nice story line."
76561198080916517,Recommended,239140,14378659,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PmY_,Pros-Good co-op-Great storyline-The parkour is insane-Good combat system-Nice graphics-Crafting systemCons-Sometimes random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t happens
76561198030736023,Recommended,239140,14410354,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kirza94,"Highly recommend feels like mirrors edge/dead islandCons being the story and narrrative arent too amazeballs film grain is horrid but you can disable this in .cfg, Fps is bad unless you tweek the game :/"
76561197991112127,Recommended,239140,14410388,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Keltas,"Great game !! no easy control at first, but you get the hang of it really quick. Fans of dead island will love this game!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14412270,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JayS-iwnl-,so far it has been very fun roaming the streets and killing zombies with club♥♥♥♥♥ 9/10
,Recommended,239140,14418734,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Destrokk,"10/10 would play this again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,239140,14418996,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,lennex,new experience for me. 10/10 for this game. nothing to complain
,Recommended,239140,14479802,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[T2 <3]Bodo,"Simply great. Fantastic open world and parkour that works so well! Gameplay is nice, combat system is fun and so is the coop. Game is really well done never crashes/stutters etc runs well maxed out easily."
,Recommended,239140,16097925,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dukefrukem,"Edit:7/15/17 - Added Youtube VideosIt's hard to imagine this is the same developer that gave us Dead Island and Dead Island 2. Those games were bug riddled and poorly QAed. (see some of my Dead Island vidoes on my steam/youtube account for examples). Techland has really come back and proven themselves worthy. They claim the publisher was holding them back during their first two attempts at making a melee zombie game, and it seems third time's a charm.Aside from the stunning visuals, the gameplay addition of a parkour system really makes running through an apocalyptic city fun, especially playing co-op. The game is setup so you can challenge your co-op partners on finding loot, killing enemies, or making it to the next waypoint that adds another level of competition. Then there's the night element with the dynamic time of day, where the more difficult enemies come out at night.  Playing at night can be skipped (I believe they should have made this mandatory) it still makes for an interesting decision between you and your co-op group on whether to press forward or make it to a safe zone.I have two complaints; 1) Why won't Techland let me collect missions or turn in quests without my entire team standing next to me? and 2) Why make the ending to the game single player only?https://youtu.be/2i_AA-8XF6Ahttps://youtu.be/xcqcbnfkVYs"
76561198049708005,Recommended,239140,23772247,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SirFatPants,"This game is a very fun and immersive experience, with lots of hours of quality content. Even though the zombie genre is exhausted to say the least, this game manages to get around that by introducing unusual ways of handling it. For example using parkour for your advantage to the zombies, and focusing on melee weapons.PROS:- A large variation of melee weapons, that all have different tiers and can be upgraded a lot.- Fun and challenging parkour.- Great graphics.- Well optimized.- Great coop multiplayer, as well as a fun ""be the zombie"" mode.- Big open world with a lot to do.- Great skill tree that unlocks fun and unexpected mechanics throughout the game.- A huge amount of side quests.CONS:- Not much character development.- Decent story to say the most.- Not much gun customization (this is not what you are meant to focus on).- No adaptive V-sync.- Some sidequests are repetetive.All in all I would rate the game 8,5/10."
76561198007340139,Recommended,239140,23765378,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,IoSonoCataldo,"This is by far the greatest of what I would put into the Blockbuster category of video games alongside Metro Last Light, Mass Effect, and Fallout New Vegas. When people say, ""Did you ever play Dying Light?"" you do not just answer,""Yes"". You look right through that man's skull and you say, ""Harran? Yeah, I've been there.""The opening scene (the game being more akin to a film than a video game) places you directly into a world wide crisis of zombial proportions, there is an overwhelming sense of dread and importance. You are there for a reason bigger than yourself. As a member of the Global Relief Effort, it's your job to get in there and track down the man that will later become your nemesis. While hiding your identity from the very people you must fight to protect, you fall in love with a cagefighter as the graying ethics of the organization you are sworn to are crushed underneith your instinctual allegiance to humanity and the American bravado that paints it all in red white and blue; eagle screech, F-15 fly-by, the New England Patriots! If your panties aren't wet already then I'll just have to keep going til they are because I promised you that much the last time we spoke on the phone and I hung up on you too soon.There is a day/night cycle that will make you dread the dying of the light. When the sun goes down the monsters come out. I haven't been this scared of something this terrifying since I was a little girl. I promise you will get so absorbed into this game for at least the first couple weeks that it will ruin your relationships with other human beings. Remember to drink plenty of fluids and get enough rest. You need to pace yourself because even though your body is screaming for the bed your mind will always be in Harran with 'Kiss Me Now Sex Face' Jade and 'Whisper to Me Again in that Voice of Yours' Brecken. ""Let me out there! I gotta get that last drop before Rais' crew! There are people starving here in the tower!"" that's you. That's what you'll be saying if you get this game. 10/10, would bang again.There is in here struck the most perfect of balances between direction and open world. While you may go off a pillaging there will always be that nagging sense of dread helped on by the end of the world ambience and an erie atmosphere of a once lively city now gone dead. The storyline will keep you going on the main road, the side missions will keep you wandering down alleyways and into the gutters of eastern mediterranean slums. When people ask you for help, there is an instant sense of empathy for people who outwardly look and act just like human beings. That may sound obvious but very few games get this right which brings me to my next point. The voice acting is probably the best I have ever seen. You will realize just how far ahead the voice acting in this game is when you try playing any other game afterwards. You'll never be the same.Just buy this game, wait til 9 o clock at night or until it is dark. Turn the lights off and make sure you're all alone while playing this. I recommend using an xbox controller as it helps with the immersion in order to forget you're not actually there. Do drugs. Hook your computer into a large screen LED TV or scootch closer to a smaller one to make it appear larger than it actually is if you're crafty and destitute like me.Press play,Adieu"
76561198079672624,Recommended,239140,18188630,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Csmoney.com | Anomaly Approve,PLEASE MAKE THE GAME BACK TO 35 DOLLARS!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,17903938,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jessie Jagermeister,I got this game out of peer pressure.I also craped my pants out of peer pressure.10/10 would crap my pants again.
76561198067256816,Recommended,239140,14343650,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SavageShow,Best game ive played in the past 2 years
,Recommended,239140,32396651,Posted: 13 June,all,Kirito (10月1日誕生日),im scared XD
76561197970739339,Recommended,239140,20925499,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"Dying Light represents a much improved sophomore outing from Techland. Disappointed as I was with the original Dead Island, I did not buy Riptide and I was even turned off of Dying Light initially. Oddly enough, It did actually have a pre-release demo, though it committed the cardinal sin of being of timed duration. Also unfortunately, it prominently displays the game's weakest element- low-level melee combat, before you acquire the various showy moves and weapons that don't amount to more then an actual broken goddamn table leg.Combat continues to be a bit of a chore even into the late game, unless you decide to use a gun. There is a particular type of large, muscular zombie called a Demolisher that duffs you over with similar ease to Dead Island's Thug zombies, and its no less irritating each time it happens. Attempting to melee them is suicidal at best, but you could instead just throw a sickle at their face and they go down like any other zombie. Really, there's no balance to be had. Avoiding the zombies is actually more entertaining then fighting them off: with investment in skills, you can learn to ramp up and over a zombie's head, crash through them like a rampaging football player, and execute a flying double kick to their faces.Do not play Dying Light alone, at least initially. The early game hell is strong and without a better equipped player backing you up, the experience is much like Dead Island: boring, cheap, and uncompromising. It is a cooperative game and should be played as such, the more the merrier. It actually suffers in one respect as compared to Dead Island, which had four different playable characters with varying abilities, wherein this game everyone plays the same guy, Kyle Crane. Admittedly his skill tree is excellent and you can obtain all abilities available, but he is otherwise generic fuzz-faced white male protagonist #87, and a bit whiny, besides. Roger Craig's Smith work as Chris Redfield is enjoyable primarily because Resident Evil is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous and it fits. But Dying Light is ostensibly a serious game, and he comes off as rather forced and unbelievable when Crane is trying to be emotional. The game's writing over all is very weak, offering little narrative payoff and constant depressing disappointment at every turn- as per standard for the zombie survival genre. Crane is a freelance operative employed by the Global Relief Effort, or GRE, to enter the maybe-Turkish city of Harran, which of course overrun by a zombie plague. Your target, an insane, narcissistic, wannabe-social Darwinist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by the name of Rais, is in possession of a document of immense value. You insert yourself with a local population of survivors in the hopes of finding Rais and this document, but things go pear-shaped pretty fast as you are in the city mere seconds before you get bit, and the game is pretty much one predtictably horrific ♥♥♥♥♥orm after another.Most people who play this probably wouldn't give a ♥♥♥♥, but if a game has a plot, I follow that plot. Where Dying Light shines, however, is the much advertised parkour elements. Moving through the urban sprawl of Harran is simple, smooth and enjoyable, unlike, say, Brink. You eventually earn a grappling hook that can be used to pull you directly to ledges and other surfaces, physics be damned, though there is a persistent issue with being able to grapple onto ledges you can't actually grab afterwards, sending you plummeting helplessly to the uncaring ground below. I think I might actually have died more often from falling damage then from any enemies, in spite of a tuck-and-roll maneuver you can use to avoid damage from a long, but non-fatal fall. Too bad most of my falls were longer.Game flow is open ended, with a generous helping of boxes to open, side quests, challenges, and small dungeons in the form of quarantine zones scattered about the game's two major zones, the slums and old town, with the latter having much taller buildings and things like tall streetlamps and telephone wires to let you flex your parkour skills. The challenges are predictably annoying, proving themselves once more the zit on the face of sandbox action games, with extremely tight time limits and paltry rewards of experience points. There are occasional new blueprints to be had for the game's tastefully simple crafting system from them though, which involves strapping things like nails, electrical wiring and lighters to anything from a fence board to a machete to a medieval warhammer, to make them deadlier. You can make firecrackers, shuriken, medkits, grenades and bunch of other things, besides.Overall, the game is substantially less dense then Dead Island, but is largely better for it. It plays better and runs better, too. I passed the game up on release a year ago, and picked up the game for $20 at the suggestion of a friend and I was not disappointed, though I can say with certainty that Techland has a long way to go yet. I expect bigger things from them in the future.Good night, and good luck."
,Recommended,239140,14445206,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ActaEnak,This is the best zombie game i have ever played and in turn destoryed almost all other zombies games for me as the freedom of climbing and jumping and going wherever you want just doesnt happen in other games.I can not get tired of drop kicking zombies off rooftopsthe only thing i wish it had was if they introduced a system like dead rising 3 where you could pick up everything and customize your character.
,Recommended,239140,14456321,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,n1njaturk3y,"Really great game, engaging story and fun mechanics, although they are a little clunky at first, I would highly recmmend."
,Recommended,239140,30918623,Posted: 3 April,all,blepe,<3
,Recommended,239140,30921486,Posted: 3 April,all,Adam_Raihan,Bagus lah
,Recommended,239140,14191181,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Uchiha,"I love this game, it's really amazing , I'm buy ultimate edition :D My lucky Price for this game"
76561198017681447,Recommended,239140,23619873,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"Best open world co-op zombie game I have ever played, ok maybe that’s a little to specific but it does rate as one of the best co-op games I’ve had the pleasure of playing. It certainly sets a new standard for action zombie’s games. A lot of reviews have said it’s a mix of Dead Island and Mirror's Edge but I’ve played neither so can’t really compare. Although I have now purchased both purely on this comparison. You'll spend most of your time running from rooftops, jumping up buildings and avoiding trouble.What struck me which made it different from the other games was at the start having to work my way up to being able to actually kill a zombie. First time I played slipped off the side of building fell into an alley and got set upon by two zombies I tried in vain to kill them with my trusty pipe ran out of breath and died. What I though this can’t be true, for the next few missions of the game I avoided all contact with any group of zombies bigger than one! Then came the first mission at night, and it got even harder!!! Crafting better weapons takes time to gather resources and find blueprints (many of which are mission driven), but when you get to the stage where you can cut a zombies head off with one swipe of your katana or grapple (you also have RPG element to improve various skills and abilities) to a tall building to avoid that volatile its all the more earned.The story certainly isn’t going to knock you off your feet, and some moments of the game you’re going to be hmm that scene didn’t really draw me into the world any deeper. But it’s the world itself which will do that, the side quests, and the little scenes you came across while exploring the world which made the game seem a lot more lived in. One scene for example being we came across a house with some supplies outside and a sign saying “take what you want”, we picked the lock only to find a poor fellow with his brains blown out and a gun on the table, just another little story which had no bearing on the game, brill!I can’t praise this game enough more so on co-op than single player and would totally recommend it thumbs up!"
,Recommended,239140,14974627,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Werner,"Do you like mirrors edge and dying light?If yes, this IS the game for you. Also i love it personally.8.8/10"
,Recommended,239140,14797141,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mister Kabab,if someone wanna play with me cop just add me
76561198040806649,Recommended,239140,14279888,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,/?\,"The game over all was enjoyable, helped out alot by a very mirror's edge parkour system, and some decently satifying combat after you unlock some of the different skills. The story is a bit of paint by numbers for this genre but it's nothing too bad. However the main campain is rather short, easily beatable in five to six hours if your ignore the side missions and the camouflage skill trivializes any challenge the combat may provide outside of being quickly killed by gun toting humans. I still enjoyed my playthrough and would recommend it."
,Recommended,239140,14397373,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ApertureRiot,"I haven't played other Techland games, much less watched any amount of actual gameplay, so I didn't know if the game would be any good hearing Techland's previous games were not very good gameplay wise. After just finishing the main campaign I can say the game will surly be a sleeper hit of 2015. I loved it!The basic story is your hired to infiltrate a group of survivors to find missing documents that hold the key to finding the cure to the zombie pandemic that has taken over the city. There's no real character developement for the protagonist throughout the story but that's just fine when you're too occupied lopping off zombie limbs, heads, and running like hell from volatiles at night.That brings us to gameplay. There are three tiers of abilities to be upgraded. Survivor, Agility, and combat. All the actions made during gameplay will slowly gain xp in one of these tiers. Getting airdrops and completing missions will gain xp in Survivor, free running and climbing in Agility, and killing off the zombies in combat. As more xp is gained, you'll be able to run farther, climb faster, preform counter attacks and make quick work of the zombies as they become more of a nuissance than a threat. Leveling up does a great job making you feel more powerful with each new skill unlocked. You start the game with a pipe and running away from zombies and become a fierce zombie slaying killing machine eager to charge head on into a dense crowd.You can also upgrade weapons that are found or purchased by rescuing random survivors in trouble or purchasing upgrades in shops. These will make more weapons more durable and deadly. In addition you can craft upgrades from blueprints and add electrical, bleeding, fire, impact, or toxic damage. These will make even the weakest of weapons serious instruments of death.The gameplay dynamics change a lot when day turns to night. By day you can move around the city is relative safety. But when night comes the hunter becomes the hunted. Zombies become much more aggressive and volatiles come out and chase you down if you're spotted. Fighting them is a last resort as they're super tough and will make quick work of you. Instead the best action is to run to the nearest safehouse or break line of sight which is easier said than done.At any time during single player you can allow online coop and other players can join you. Your campaign progression continues which is nice. The ""Be the Zombie"" mode is a fun add-on when you can connect to a match. So far it takes about 10 minutes on average to find a match which the player doesn't immediately kick you cause they forgot to turn off invasion mode in the online options. Other times the connection just doesn't take.So far this is the best zombie game I've played and the single player is worth a full playthrough despite the ""press X not to die"" ending. Hoping we'll see less quicktime event endings in other 2015 titles. The coop is a solid addition and zombie mode is a fun distraction. Recommend!"
76561198091462030,Recommended,239140,14412331,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Shad0wIncarnate,"This game is overall, phenominal! One of the best zombie/action/horror/survival games I have played in a while. I love how by day you play like a typical zombie killing BAMF and then by night you have to utilize the flight or die tactics. This makes for a truly unique experiance, in my opinion of course!Pros:Awesome, fluid, parkour gameplay (save for some moments, like when a zombie grabs you or a spitter spits on you)Crafting and upgrading of weapons/guns and other itemsGraphicsBeing a hunter and scavanger by day and then running for your life by night (if you so choose to not be at a safehouse at night)Co-op is amazingly fun too. You can join a friends game and keep everything you had on your person AND stash from your last save point in single player. Not to mention whatever you get when you're playing in your friends game you also get to keep in your own singleplayer playthrough too. Best co op i have seen for a game like this in a while!Cons:Only one really big problem i have with this game is the ""be the zombie"" mode. while an amazing concept, the mode is horribly unbalanced in the humans favor. As a human, you can see the zombie player at all times and all you have to do is shine the UV flashlight and the zombie player become useless. you can forget about going straight in to fight a human too, even when they're by themselves, a few hits and you're dead. Also there is only one zombie player vs four human players... if they could fix these issues somehow, this mode would be insanly fun."
,Recommended,239140,14414915,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,necrobane84,"Although Dying Light doesn't offer much of anything new, mechanics wise, what it does, it does well. What does it do? How about drop-kicking zombies? Kicking zombies off rooftops? Impaling zombies on spikes by kicking? Yeah, lots of things you can do with your foot in the game. Dying Light also features parkour which, minus a few hinderances, works exceedingly well. Climbing up buildings and dashing from rooftop to rooftop really adds to the atmosphere, making this a very well rounded game. The crafting is pretty cool, you can make and upgrade your weapons with materials scattered all over the map, as well as buying the components from traders. The leveling system is pretty decent and when I spent skill point it actually felt that the ability unlocks were useful and useable; it felt like a damn good reward. The story is linear, but good, and there are plenty of quests to keep you busy if one so feels,TL;DR: Dead Island with Parkour=Great game."
76561198045856019,Recommended,239140,14377505,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,'Arik <3.,This game is realy fun.open world and zombies that run after you...what do you ask more?Story -7/10world size - 10/10GamePlay - 10/10Co-op - 8/10Some fps drops and freezes but overall its runs fine*In the day you hunt zombies**In the night you run like a little kid calling for mama ( when you have 4 stars zombie chase )*overall - 9/10    this game is realy fun and worth the money
,Recommended,239140,14406857,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,LakuPope,The game Dead Island wanted to be.
,Recommended,239140,18215033,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ayumi,"The game is a lot of fun, but it has its flaws.The parkour isn't flawless, but honestly thats kinda a problem with all games that have that feature.You can only fix your weapons a certain amount of times, so if you work long and hard to get a weapon you really want you don't even get to keep it the entire game.The story is actually pretty good, and the ending got pretty intense.Gameplay wise its a lot fun, even though the parkour is kinda buggy it makes up for that by being very enjoyable. I personally like to go very fast in video games, and the parkour is very fast paced.This review probably sucks♥♥♥♥♥because Im writing it at 3 am, high as ♥♥♥♥ from lack of sleep. What am I even doing here? I don't write reviews, I don't care hard enough for that crapBuy this game"
,Recommended,239140,14211818,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[TZRT]DyeBeach,Revised review:Buy this game. Period.
,Recommended,239140,14204830,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bebeop,What does snow and a cold zombie have in common?Frostbite?
,Recommended,239140,14214975,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tricolored Crow,"At the time of writing, the game has been stable for me, some framerate droppage on my mid-high range pc. Would recommend waiting till they patch it so that optimization problems could be ironed out.10 times the quality compared to what we have had lately from AAA studios from the studio that gave us Dead Island.If you like mirrors edge and running in terror in the middle of the night, amnesia style, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,239140,14206309,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,(BMK) XerBreak,"I have a few hours in now so I'll do my best to review this game. This will be my first review so please don't kill me too much. Anyway, the combat in the game I will say is very enjoyable and probably (in my opinion) the best part! It's very smooth in hitting so no weird graphical glitches.  It doesn't take 10+ hits to kill zomvies unless they are the harder or bigger ones, but it can be under that if you play smart and not just hack and slash like crazy... what I'm saying is aim and don't be dumb.  Loot os really fun to go look for since it can litterally be anywhere.Parkor. Not sure what i should say about this. besides that it's INCREBLY fun haha, It's very smooth and basically if you can reach it you can climb it. And with parkouring into you combat makes it even more enjoyable,Graphics are really nice in the game... but there's a problem with that... With my computer even though it's not the best I should be able to run this game with average setting no problem what so ever, but you could bet I had so much lag and low frame rate playing this game. Basically to fix 80% of all the lag and frames is i lower the resolution really low. I don't remember exactly but I believe it was 1400 or something around there which was really a downer but it was still player able and graphics were still good.. kinda.Overall impression: I would give the game 7.5~8/10. I would recommend the games to people if it was like $45-50 (USD) Story is decent 6.5~7/10 the characters development is pretty good. This game does have replayablity which is always a plus in my book. I haven't gotten a chance to play with friends yet, but I have seen videos of it and it looks great, but hey a game you can play with friend is always more fun than with youself."
,Recommended,239140,14202960,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Keithy,"Very fun game. Co-op is a blast too. Has a couple reminants to Dead Island, but not in a bad way. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239140,21188036,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,A Galaxy,"DYING LIGHTDying light, A game full of zombies.Made by Techland.If you compare this to the other series 'Dead Island'You can see how much they changedThe style in comparison of Dead Island------It's like Dead Island, But, It feels more 'free' likeYou can even do free running (parkour) tricks n' stuff.Now thats a big change.Even the terrain and city (Not spoiling) is made for parkour.Now since i'm making this quick,I'll go over to the dlc.DYING LIGHT: THE FOLLOWING.Dying Light the following.A big expansion of the game.Now instead of parkour..Cars..Yes. You heard right.CARSC-A-R-S(This doesn't mean you can't parkour or find places for it)Now, The ending of Dying light the following. (I'M NOT SPOILING DON'T WORRY)The ending was amazing... To avoid spoilers.I won't tell mo- DUDE WHY ARE YOU EVEN READING THISGO BUY IT NOW AND PLAY ITJEEZ."
,Recommended,239140,14202356,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lore,"Dying Light is a zombie-game lovers haven. It has some slight issues with congruency and fluidity, but it's core concept is strong - most importantly it's fun. Day and Night feel like vastly different games, during the day - you never feel quite powerful but you do feel like you have an advantage... once night falls however, that true feelings of being the prey in the prey vs predator relationship shines through, offering a surreal level of terror. I'm only about 9 hours in, but I would say as an initial impression - buy this game, it's a surprisingly wonderful experience."
76561198170842413,Recommended,239140,33002474,Posted: 29 June,all,*'Warrior'*,"At first he thought he was still a weak zombie game, but I was wrong.Dying Light is a very good game, the parkour mechanics are well established.+Zombies+Many weapons+Graphics Sound and Music+A very big world8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14384585,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Punisher,"Epicly awesome, there are a few performance issues here and there but the game runs fine for me on my old crappy laptop. :P"
76561198067654601,Recommended,239140,19211015,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,yokozuna_,I love this game so much ! L4D2 and this game are the best zombie games !!
,Recommended,239140,22898141,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,rgavs,"Awesome game, terrific free running. By far the biggest negative is replayability. It took ~50 hrs to beat and now I feel so little desire to play it anymore, once the story is complete it has very little left to offer"
,Recommended,239140,14407257,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Middynight,"Finished the game, story though was beaten when I put a ""peacefull"" ending to that guys wife by bashing her with a door and drop kicking here behind a washing machine 10,000/10."
,Recommended,239140,30336968,Posted: 5 March,all,ZΞΛL,Best game yet!!
76561198080676686,Recommended,239140,14192779,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Pedradelic,"Gorgeous game! The graphics are of incredible detail, the gameplay is polished and it's packed with gore! It also has nice physics. I would pay 100 euros for this game! Only bad thing about it - the very short story! I give it 6 stars out of 5."
,Recommended,239140,20018837,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Grandpa Piss,gud
76561198195252928,Recommended,239140,25721389,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shackzz_HD,Absolutely amazing game. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,25068718,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,EXON_Tiger,Now this ! this is a good game ;)had lots of fun with friends many zombies got killed10/10 would fall off cliff again !
76561198211582408,Recommended,239140,20919994,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jeb,thats pretty neat
76561198140722180,Recommended,239140,29936642,Posted: 14 February,all,Ebhar,A must buy.
76561198012609890,Recommended,239140,33913559,Posted: 30 July,all,Your cute waifu,Great and challenging gameplay (especially with guns) with a though final boss. If you're like me and you enjoy a deep and emotional story this game is for you! It takes 2 hours of gametime for it to really pick up so I recommend playing sidemissions meantime. You just cannot afford to miss Dying lights's lore and deep character backgrounds.
,Recommended,239140,14379678,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,xd,"BUY THIS GAME!!Okay this game is almost as good as Tlou in terms of story and better in terms of gameplay, it is so god damn balanced, nothing feels hard or too easy, and it also changes scenery when you get bored of the same place.E.g getting bored of the slums? Go down to the sewers, sewers are boring now? Go to the upper class place.BUY THE DAMN GAME AND PLAY IT AHHH"
,Recommended,239140,14395390,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Savydog,I would say this game is VERY DEMANDING. I have 16 gb ram an R9 270x and a 6 core 3.5 ghz amd proceser. And I can only get 20-40 FPS on LOW. Normaly I can get 80 FPS on ultra on games. But besides that It is very addicting seeing as you can go anywhere and It is freeroam. The mechanics are very good. Night time is 100% terifying. It is a good blend of smahing heads and running for your life. The story is good special and the side missions are meh. So 8 out of 10.
,Recommended,239140,14306054,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Atelier,"Alot better gameplay than Dead Island the weapons no longer hit like rubber, The voice acting and story is great.Very enjoyable game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14328760,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Raven,"This game has really met and exceeded all of my expectations and I highly recommend it.Dying Light provides some unique mechanics that differentiate it from other similar games - Parkour, and Day/Night Cycle.The parkour works very well, I'd even say seamless. You can climb virtually any surface that's got handholds, and visually the parkour is well done as well - your character's hands go to their proper places like grabbing handholds rather than just clutching at air as you climb up a wall. What's more, the parkour mechanic is more than just fun - it's necessary. The volume of zombies in the streets is usually too high not to use the roofs to travel, which adds a realistic element when combined with what's basically total freedom to climb and go where you want to.The Day and Night cycle is also well done - at Night, a more vigorous form of zombie comes out and you go from the Hunter to the Hunted, trying to avoid these quick, frightening monsters. The sound effects are also great - anguished howls at the transition to night, radio traffic and tolling bells signal when night is about to fall. Only heavily fortified 'safe zones' lined with UV lights keep the survivors safe at night. From an atmospheric standpoint, this makes night time very creepy. In the early game you'll find yourself avoiding night at the plague, while later on you become powerful enough to venture out yourself - but never without danger.Another important element is obviously combat - and you will find this both visceral and satisfying.The length is also pretty good - I have 42 hours on record and I'm only about 2/3rds of the way through the game, albeit paying a lot of attention to side quests. There's also a 'Story+' mode to look forward too where you start the game over, but with all of your unlocks and weapons.The major downside I've encountered is the high system requirements, as it is a console port unfortunately. My laptop has a lot of trouble running this game, but even so I've enjoyed myself immensely. But if you can run the game, I would say it's well worth the buy."
,Recommended,239140,14330662,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tips your bones tonight,"Dying Light is a game that doesn't bring on the field anything new but combines the best elements of certain games into an amazing parkour zombieslaughter. I you liked Dead Island, this is definetly for you. If you didn't you should at least give Dying Light a try, It's much better.I burst myself trough most of the the side missions and got around 40 hours gameplay.Would recommend, even on it's fullprice."
,Recommended,239140,14381342,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Stitchus Maximus,"I absolutely love this game.The story is very good, and well written.The zombies feel alive instead of cannon fodder in every other zombie game such as Left 4 Dead (but it works for L4D) and the  mechanics really makes the game kinda addicting and are quite fun to mess around with (drop kicking,                                            grapple hook)I feel like the only thing keeping this game back is the graphical aspect of the game. Don't get me wrong, this game is very beautifulWould play again and recommend to friends.....101/10My SpecsNvidia GTX 7708gb Memoryi7 4th gen processor(The one I own escapes me at the moment)Gets about 40-60 frames on medium settings"
76561198032111684,Recommended,239140,14363974,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Magic,"The game lacks a good thought out story but the games base design idea was awsome.The games ending I predicted from the first few main missions.Some might not see it coming but who knows.Over all the games an awsome thing to keep even the hardcore gamer playing for a few weeks with the content even if a lot of it is taken out to make way for dlcs,like everything now a days...Game mechanics 9 out of 10.I can't give a full 10 due to all the glitches I have seen,none game breaking though,just annoying.Storyline ehh 8.5 out of 10.The story was good but it was predictable from the get go and somethings seemed off and badly planed.one example you carried a med vial to prolong the infection with you the entire game you never used.Not even to save *COUGH* you would understanding playing the game..."
,Recommended,239140,14316872,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Arthannis,The only zombie game i've ever played where the zombies actually make you afraid of walking on the street.
,Recommended,239140,14338954,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,M1SGUIDED1,"I was tentative to buy Dying Light at first because *sigh* another zombie game.  But after reading a few reviews recommending the game I thought I'd give it a shot.  So glad that I did.Dying Light has the atmospheric world that I've always wanted from a zombie game.  I haven't been this immersed in my game character since Far Cry 3.  I am so involved in the story and the emotions of the protagonist that I'll be playing with my jaw hanging....and that's no exaggeration.The sounds in this game are top-♥♥♥♥ing-notch.  The soundtrack is astounding.  I haven't been in this much love for a soundtrack since Hotline Miami and FC: Blooddragon.  Aside from the music, though, the atmospheric sounds are perfect.  My first few hours of the game, before getting used to the different sounds, I would be turning 180's all the time whenever I heard the random grunts and groans that are ever-present.  Occasionally there will be these primordial screams that literally make your blood run cold and your hair to stand on end.  Even now, 15 hours in, I still feel that way when I hear those screams.  This game sounds so good, 100x better through headphones.Graphics are spectacular.  Finally getting to use the most out of my gtx 780.  The draw distance and the depth of field filter really make the backgrounds seem realistic.  Character models are great, animations are great, framerate is great.Combat is awesome.  The final detail that made me buy the game was hearing that the zombie ai is 100% random.  And it's awesome!  Before getting some of the badass weapons, combat is scary as hell.  They will dive, lunge, bash, punch, go for a bite, swing, twirl, etc, and there's no specific order.My only complaints would have to be the scavenging aspect of the game.  While I enjoy how they did it, I would have liked it to be a little more developed.  Maybe having to scavenge through the houses (that are a little more randomized/unique) for food and medicine for the tower, or stuff like that.  Maybe more stuff like that happens later in the game, I'm only about 26% through.Anyways, there is also multiplayer invasions, haven't played them yet but I'm guessing it's similar to dark souls invasions.  The good thing is they can be disabled for players that don't want to deal with them.  I haven't done anything with multiplayer yet so I can't really comment.R/Trees represent! [9]"
,Recommended,239140,14328858,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Alterlai,Best game purchased in 2014-2015
76561197969019431,Recommended,239140,14333267,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,HaVeN,"This is what Dead Island should have been!  This is an amazing Co-op game.  The melee combat is VERY satisfying, there is nothing more fun than slicing off limbs or smashing heads.  I find myself spending way too much time just killing random zombies than doing the quests.  I felt like I was taking a big chance with buying this game as I was not a fan of Dead Island at all, and I am so glad I did.  Great game.  Yes, there are some glitches/bugs; but they have been patching the game frequently!UPDATE: I just completed the game.  I have played MANY hours, I think I'm at like 38 hours at the time of completion.  Can you burn through the game faster? Of course, but I took my time and enjoyed it.  I'm going to go back through and help my friends, and do side missions.  The last ""boss"" fight was a bit of a let down in the way it was handled, but I'm excited that it looks like they are leaving the game open for a sequel! I'll be purchasing that for sure!With the patches I no longer have any crashes or bugs.  With a few video setting adjustments the game runs extremely smooth! I have enjoyed this game from start to finish which I can say about few games!"
76561198079684056,Recommended,239140,14334996,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,iskrym,"10/10. Firstly, Farcry style story but with a talking protaganist, Secondly, textures that actually exist, Thirdly, Awesome progression/skill tree, I want all of the skills. Kind of like dead island but only in the ways that dead island was good. Fantastic Ragdolls xD it is hilarious to grapple zombies off of the tallest towers or drop kick them and hear their body crumple as it wraps around a light pole. I have ben hyped for this game since it was announced, partly becasue of the parkour, not free running, parkour :P, but it is a mirrors edge feel in an Assassins creed world, every building is climbable and most are enterable which can make for some awesome night chases. Overall, I absolutely love this game. Get it now!"
76561198027760152,Recommended,239140,14345511,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,yoko1211,"For starters, this game was worth playing it.+The parkour style of the game is epic, later on you will unlock moves, items that will make it even better.+I think the amount of items, upgrades are just enough, you will have plenty to choose from.+The level up system was good, your skills level up by the type of actions you do.+There are many side quests, quite good ones i have to say.+The characters are also good.+The day/night cycle makes the game even more interesting.+Oh yeah the night is terrifying.+Many type of special zombies, they can be hard to deal with depending on the enviroment.+The difficulty of the game was just fine. No easy or hard mode but it is not necessary i think.The following points are not really positive or negative:-The performance issues can be fixed, just search for it, after that there won't be any relevant problems, sometimes it can lag for a few moments but those won't cost u the game.-The story was good at the start but as you progress it will become really predictable. Still it was fine.-Be the zombie mode did not impress me at all, but that is just me.-The lenght of the game is okay i guess, i played 25.6 hours, and according to the achievementsthere are plenty side quests remaining, plus a few safe houses left to clear, and of course the protect missions. [did not do many of them, they are good, i just did't feel like doing those missions :) ]There are no negatives points i can think of so i really do recommend this game! :))"
76561198073108652,Recommended,239140,14390240,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Coolledge | Rainbow 6 - WoW,"I'm a huge fan of zombie games with storylines like the last of us, but this is just amazing"
,Recommended,239140,14383255,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Watsyurdeal,"So I've been playing this game for about a week or so now, and so far, it's easily the best Zombie I've ever played, hands down. At first glance it may just seem like another Dead Island, but trust me, Techland learned a hell of a lot from their previous title, and made something that truly stands out to rival Far Cry 3 or even Skyrim.The game has a brilliant Fight or Flight setup, where you can either tear through the mobs of zombies with swords, blunt weapons, or guns. Or run use the parkour to avoid fights altogether, as well as little traps and noise makers to draw the zombies' attention while you do something else (lockpick, quick time event to open doors, etc). It's a interesing contrast to the Stealth vs Mayhem you normally see in most games.The Parkour itself really does deserve a mention here, it's a little odd at first as you can't wall run like in Mirror's Edge. But you can climb buildings by jumping from window ledges or other parts of the architecture that jut out and give you something to grab onto. Almost feels like Assassin's Creed honestly, which is really nice as it does feel like real parkour, using the environment to your advantage and improvising your path as you go.The day and night mechanic is also pretty solid, during the day the game feels like a free for all, go nuts. But at night it's closer to a true horror game with the Volatiles (think of Verdugo from RE4). And these things don't ♥♥♥♥ around, they are TOUGH to kill, and even harder to fight, to a point where you just need to run and get to the nearest safehouse. Plus the game has a sound mechanic, where loud noises like explosions, gunshots, car alarms, etc all draw in zombies, which adds to the tension and adds a risk factor to balance out Pistols, Rifles, and Shotguns. The end result is a drastic contrast in gameplay as time goes by, with daytime being all about having fun and starting a riot, and night being a more stealthier horror driven experience.The story, yea the voice acting isn't perfect but it is interesting enough to keep me playing, if just to find out what happens next. And there are some likeable characters, like Brecken, Rupert, Jade, Troy, Spike, etc. Each of them has some trait or two that I like about them, but they are minor traits that are underplayed and easily missed if you're not paying attention at all.Graphics wise is a bit iffy......while I am sure it looks great when it's running on the right system, it ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥for me until I got ahold of the Dying Light Manager from LeavesOwnZ, you really do need to have at least i5 4690K and GTX 970 or better to really make this game run beautifully. But then again graphics aren't everything as long as the game is playable, and with the Dying Light Manager it runs pretty decently, even on an older system like mine.As for other criticisms I do have a few, one, in a game with melee combat, what do you expect to do besides striking someone.....block right? Guess what you can't do....BLOCK or at least a freaking parry function, press mouse2 to parry attacks, it may degrade my weapon twice as fast but at least I have the freaking option to do it, especially against human enemies. And yea they do have a shield but it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it would have been nice to have some sort of parry button in the game at the very least, so it's skill based and still has drawbacks.Another criticism I have so far is with the more unique zombies, like the toads, bombers, and goons. They certainly add variety but are kind of annoying to deal with at times. Like the goons for example, dodging their melee attacks is a bit weird, you think you are out of range of the hammer smash that they use, but it still knocks you off your feet, which if you get surrounded means you are boned. Bombers are just what they sound like, they explode when hit, but the developers put these guys in spots where you'll accidentally melee them by accident, which kills you instantly. As for toads they just shoot you from afar with toxic sludge, which isn't bad until you encounter more than one. I love a challenge as much as anyone else, but only as long as it's a fair one, and the challenge here with these types of enemies is ok...but it could've been done a bit better. The volatile for example was done fantastically, as it's an enemy that only appears at night, and it's best to run to the safehouse and evade them rather than fight them head on. That leaves room for you as the player to figure out how to deal with. The other 3 I mentioned just seem to be thrown in as an annoying obstacle rather than an enjoyable change of pace.Guns in the game are also something that I think could be improved on, while the fact that they do have a risk of drawing in more zombies to you when fired, they could have a few other interesting mechanics added in. Basically what happens is when you get the guns, they do not change at all even with a higher quality, not even damage. It would be nice if they had a few other stats or things added in, like attachments replacing upgrades, a wear mechanic where the gun overtime would get dirty and need to be cleaned or you risk it jamming on you in the middle of battle (ala Far Cry 2). Heck let us build a Silencer that wore down over time, so you only get like 10-15 shots out of it before it breaks and your gun makes noise again. Just a little more attention to the guns would have been nice, to make them really stand out from melee weapons.Overall the game does have some issues and room to expand on, but it's a solid ground work for an outstanding zombie sandbox game. If you thought Dead Island was meh...and was hoping for something more, or just love sandbox games and parkour, this is absolutely worth buying.Played onCore 2 Quad 9300 @ 2.5 ghz6 gb of ramGTX 750 TiAsus 1080p 144 hz monitor"
,Recommended,239140,14389915,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ShadySilhouette,"great game, needs some balancing on the pvp aspect but all in all this is a game that i have not wanted to put down."
,Recommended,239140,26111140,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ZoggyBiscuit,"Dead Island + Mirrors Edge = Dying Light.Extremely fun game, awesome gameplay and combat, parkour is addicting and great co-op features.Only downfall which isn't too bad, is that the npc characters are quite annoying.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,239140,30111517,Posted: 22 February,all,hit that YEET haha,"Pros:+great atmosphere and setting+decent story+great parkour+amazing looking+very well optimized+wepaon customizationCons:-lackluster combat (aka  basically letting zombies maul you + thugs being tough as ♥♥♥♥ing nails and not staggering when I swing a ♥♥♥♥ING AXE ON THEIR HEAD)-boring story-freerunning + parkour challenges are way too hard right off the bat (I haven't found ONE easy challenge yet)-insanely unrealistic weapon mechanics (HOW IN THE HELL DOES A CROWBAR, YES A CROWBAR, BREAK AFTER HITTING A PERSON IN THE BODY 20 TIMES!?)-ridiculously unrealistic weapon mechanics (I mean come on, just because my weapon is broken, I'm still obviously hitting zombies and doing ""bleeding"" damage so why the ♥♥♥♥ doesn't it do damage?)Overall, I'd give this game a 8/10There are flaws but they are substantially overshadowed by the advantages.Enjoyment - 9/10 (-1 for extremely frustrating combat from time to time)"
,Recommended,239140,14324856,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,The Incredible Furnace,"UPD after completing the game.Very good at all, really big world that can be interesting to discover. Good fighting system. Game is built on parkour and chopping zombies, thats the first thats the second has no problems and great. Full diurnal cycle. World looks living at the real moment, that's beautiful.Story... Interesting, but sometimes very predictable. Has some unexpected turns, but pretty usual for games of this genre.There's co-op that works without problems, many side missions, some elements of random like airdrops, people who need help, or persons who can tell you some interesting story of their life. Or even more interesting accidents.Many recipes and ways to upgrade your weapon an build some killing machine.Some people say that at the beginning the game is awesome but than becomes boring. A bit. But why you're waiting from game of this concept? I think this game justifies expects. 9/10 at all. Worth to buy and worth to be completed all across.Developers promised 3 DLC, hope they will be not less interesting than game itself.And... Good night, good luck..."
,Recommended,239140,25900373,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mikelisvery,"Best zombie game I,ve ever played."
,Recommended,239140,14280541,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,TMBD | ChallengeMe.GG CSOFFER.ME,"Better than what I expected!!Assassin's Creed+CoD+DeadIsland!!!!Pros:+Parkour(What I allways wanteed)+Zombies+Night time is really fund and exciting(accually some times f_ scary :D)+Creative brutality(Hit a zombie with a two-handed hammerand watch the head blow to pieces!)+Great story I suppose but saw something like it before I think.+The game is easy and hard sometimes expert XD+Grapple=Life saver+After some time passes you cannot rank up the survivor rank and it isperfect for making the player try more.+The skill tree.OMG it is perfect.+Dropkick.You will LOVE it.+Needs so much attention cause in the night if you are not careful you aref_.+Boomers make some levels like expert!When they explode a zombie SWARM is gonna run,walk or even crawl to you.(Crawl! man they are not gonna get to you.But if they u can die.)+The traps that you can use are perfect!(ex. Car Trap:Saver of the swarms)+Survivor sense!Man it saves you in every single part of the game.Cons:-If you are out of luck and you have got grapple hook you can grapple awepon and it will make you move without control or block your moving.(WORST THING for a night time.)-You cannot grapple some places when it is most needed!-Sometimes it wont let you climb some places that you normally can.-In some cut-scenes the emotions of the characters don't look like real.-Last quest(not counting the side quests) it is hard to get to that high building without the grapple so dont forget to take the grapple before starting that quest.(I only made it only one time to catch the buildings wall and then I was like ""If accidently leave the wall I wont do it again!"".And had a hearth attack XD.)But any ways it is like the best game I have ever played!!9/10"
76561198006620592,Recommended,239140,25921968,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ryltair,"The game is simply a lot of fun and does most of its things very well: The combat, the free-roaming, the driving, the crafting, the progression... They are all very well made and fit together perfectly. There are few bugs that I've encountered furthermore.The two things that didn't impress me too much were how much the draw distance affects performance and the story. The latter is definately the weak part of the game as the people act unnaturally and the plot is tied together by deus ex machina moments.Then again, it's a game about chopping up zombies, so I put on my best suspenders of disbelief and blazed through the game.One point that I think is a nice touch is how the developers continue to hold community events. It shows their commitment and gives you even more excuses to keep beheading, burning and electrocuting your way through hordes of people who are not really people.Recommended!"
,Recommended,239140,14236494,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ROBAX,"If you liked Dead Island and Rip Tide, if you don't have to beg for money from mommy to buy games or hardware, if you don't install reg cleaners, pc cleaners or emoticon packs, and if you don't have to ask if your computer can run this game, then you will enjoy it very much."
,Recommended,239140,20903242,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Eazy,Great game with an immersive story. There's many ways to play the game and routes to choose and it's fun with friends. When it's nighttime just go to sleep it's not worth the big spooks.
,Recommended,239140,24039547,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Snow,Stupid Final Main Mission. Techland ***** their players good.
76561198041854211,Recommended,239140,14273207,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Wendigo,This game was well worth the money.  The story line was interesting.  There's alot to do if you want to take your time.  Game was played entirely through coop.  Highly recommend this game to anyone. Only a few bugs here and there.
,Recommended,239140,23975156,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Squiddly Diddly,"This is a more, realistic review for those who are truly considering puchasing this game. Dying light is a blood pumping action filled game, for the first four hours. By that time you have gotten used to how the game is, and how to deal with it, while it still provides a challenge and still has a few exiting moments, like being chased at night by the deadly ""Volatiles."" After you have put in a good amount of time and have leveled your three skill trees, you will have less trouble dealing with the horde and other stronger zombies, this takes away the fright and exhilleration, but also adds the enjoyment of cutting down the infected. The story itself is full of cliche after cliche, and has no real twists and turns like you might expect. It is a typical straightforeward storyline, that in my opinion wasn't all that impressive. While the sidequests were interesting and fun to do, some of them were ""rinse and repeat"" style, like fetch quests. Someone asks you to fetch a belonging of theirs, or to get something that they need. As for the game mechanics, the parkour element is mostly stable and fluent, only complaint I have is the ""TicTac"" skill killing me more than the infected (the skill allows players to scale wall a little higher than normal, and allows far jumping mobility off of them, but the button so jump off is the same as the buttons to jump, grab ledges, and use the skill, which in turn leads to you jumping off a high wall you didn't intent to, leading to your death). As for the combat, it is shaky, kind of clunky, and can be really frustrating for newcomers and experienced players alike. There are a number of skills you can aquire that allow ""finishers"" for instantly killing a zombie while it is either stunned or on the ground (fallen over). Though while you do these cinematic finishers, other infected or bandits can still attack and deal damage to the player. Which is at the very least infuriating, especially on higher difficulties. Also sometimes you seem to take damage for illegitimate reasons, for example, while standing on a car, or on higher ground than an enemy that is on fire, you still take damage from being near, or overtop of them which can be annoying quite often. Along with the biters (common infected) ability to grapple you after their charge to grapple you appears to be over. Or when fighting a larger group of these biters, if you dont have a weapon capable of striking multiple enemies at once, these biters will constantly charge at you and if you don't manage to back up or hit the one charging you, you will get pulled in. This is even worse when multiple biters charge you at once. I could go into more detail, but I want to keep this a little short. One last mechanic I have a strong dislike for, is grabbing ledges after using the grapple hook. Sometimes you will use your grapple hook to get somehwere faster, or get to higher ground, you will just not grab the ledge properly to avoid falling back down to receive falling damage, or even death. All in all, this game is fun to play, if you can get over a few annoyances here and there. I still enjoyed playing this game despite its  lack of interesting story content (to me) because fighting lesser infected once you are a higher level can be a blast, or trying to manage on higher difficulty levels, or even the constant urge to keep pushing on to the next level so you can get that one upgrade you have been wanting. Which still renders this game fun to play, I just wish there was a little bit better quality in some of the mechanics, or the story."
,Recommended,239140,24412082,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Unchained one.,Best zombie game I ve ever played ..well done (y) ....I hope it ll  be more games like this in the future :)
76561198055773367,Recommended,239140,30842979,Posted: 30 March,all,S_B_Dom,10/10 made friends buy game for full price then game went on sale the next day
76561198121012495,Recommended,239140,14405319,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SnowConeMonster,MY FAVORITE GAME!!!!!!
76561198024219546,Recommended,239140,28869882,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MilesJH,great game good for pc i dont recommend getting it on imac. multiplayer 9/10  .the following 9/10 overall story 10/10i have played 1 hour of it and i am so addicted i cant stop playing it there is loads of side missions to do exploring and parkour i love this game and i recommend it.plz leave a like
76561197977895317,Recommended,239140,24000509,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,NightShadow,"Just get this game... seriously, just get it"
76561198185643414,Recommended,239140,34203270,Posted: 12 August,all,CanadianWalrus,I don’t usually review games but I believe that Dying Light Deserves my review. At the time of me writing this I completed the main quest and am now diving into the Following. Most people probably thought that the main story was lackluster but I still had fun going through every part of it. The Parkour and was fluent and for someone like me not completely used to games like these provided an extra challenge. The combat also took me some time to get used to but eventually it became fun. The weapon system and inventory layout were pretty easy to understand yet they ended up adding a lot more to the game for me. The Side quests and challenges set throughout the game were also really refreshing. Compared to side quests in something like skyrim where they usually end up making you repeat a bunch of steps this game offers side quests that feel different even though they look like your average rinse and repeat. All in all the developers did a good job in making this game and i'll have to rate it 9/10.
,Recommended,239140,22819119,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kouhei - Revenant Verse - RVXVI,"This game is god damn amazing and immersive. But if you are ♥♥♥♥♥, like me, its hard to continue playing without expecting another jump scare or horde chasing you around the corner. I'd like to play more, but I think I'll wait until my girlfriend is in the same room as me.Keep in mind that I have not played that many horror or thriller games, but this definately hit in the gut with the first few chase scenes. I feel like its worse if you never die, because the less you die the more paranoid you get and more real it feels."
,Recommended,239140,15794791,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,tomkennedy513,This game is nothing short of amazing. Great graphics and so fun to play. My heart rate definitely increases during night mode!
,Recommended,239140,21119042,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,☢=| P01NTM4N |™=☢,"I've never felt so scared of zombies game before. Exception is given to this one. Really well done and Enhanced edition just made it more scarier and better in every way plus the new DLC is the dope. I highly recommend this for zombie lovers. 9/10.The game did crash on me once plus some minor bugs but after that for the next 8-10 hours of continuous gameplay, it was silky smooth and no crashes all the way till the end. Bugs still exist though but nothing too game breaking. Reset checkpoint usually solve the issue."
76561198074574005,Recommended,239140,22890108,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,iVirius,Can't get enough of this game..and still glitchy but dont care
76561197970535053,Recommended,239140,15942165,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,kaldrin,"I wasn't all that into the purchase of another zombie game, but I had read the movement and day/night cycles could be intense so I went ahead with it. I'm glad I did. The game's story is pretty good and the motivation for most of the characters are at least seemingly genuine. The voice dialogue is really good.The game play is surprisingly fun and the night switch over is terrifying if you're like me and have good quality sound and headphones. More than once I wasn't paying attention to the time and found myself near dusk far away from the central home. The raspy screams of the more aggressive breeds of zombies make you jump out of your skin at times and the ones that come out at night just are more than you can handle at first. So, the only option you have is to run your♥♥♥♥♥off to the nearest safehouse and hope there isn't a wall of them in the way."
,Recommended,239140,18382336,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Juceiven,GOOD NİGHT GOOD LUCK
,Recommended,239140,23845020,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Beavernuts,the zombies try and kill you
,Recommended,239140,14301244,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Brightlight,Short ReviewThe game is amazing at the start getting more fun at the mid game after about 28h i got kinda tired of the game and forced myself into finishing it so i reccomend do not do side missions they make you get bored but they are alot better made then it was in Dead Island
76561198036767334,Recommended,239140,14265599,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gingertoss,"Daytime: 9/10, excepts for those ♥♥♥♥ing noise ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ viralsNight 0/NO ♥♥♥♥ING WAY, ♥♥♥♥ING THIS, RUN, RUN, RUNGame: 10/10, can't stop playing, amazing story line, amazing characters, the world is awesome, and the ground is lava, avoid the ground at all cost.I'll recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,239140,14256686,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,0xDEFACED,"Almost perfect picture (i assume you have good hardware to run the game at high detail), good ""physics based and IK"" animation, day/night cycle and unusual for this kind of game parkour component. But if you are looking for the hardcore survival (something like buggy DayZ) or hurricane action (like Left 4 dead series perhaps?) this game is certainly not your choice. The closest game to this title is, of course, the Dead Island - you will notice big influence from predecessor from the beginning: quests, craft, broken pipes :) But IMHO Dying Light is a right step away from the label ""Diablo with zombies"".Dont forget about Coop - grab the friends or randoms (sometimes they are fun) and lets go. Dont ignore game functionality (for example, like Q or Alt keys provide). Dont forget about mobile companion game. Plan and run. See you in Harran :)"
,Recommended,239140,19887791,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ihumanshield,This game is really amazing. It's awesome how you turn from a little tiny vulnerable human into a parkour badass. Realistically you could put maybe 30-40 hours out of this game which is pretty good. Its definitely worth $60 but if its sale for like $30 it is a must have.
,Recommended,239140,27426563,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Verzione,"Parkour, zombies, violent combat. What's not to like?The first time I played this game was with a couple friends who all had the cracked version a few days after it released. By the end of the game, all of us agreed that we had to buy this game just to show our support to the developers.We didn't even play it for for a while after that. It wasn't until the release of The Following that we agreed to play through the campaign again. It was such a fun and enjoyable experience. and I hope that we will play it again sometime soon, 'cause one can't simply forget how mind blowingly awesome this game is.Highly recommended for solo- and cooperative players!"
76561198074262128,Recommended,239140,25924500,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheMadGeek{stk},"In short, very good game in all aspects of a free-roam horror game.Only negative is that in all the boss fights you dont have the weapons you gather.9/10 my score"
,Recommended,239140,22654719,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Agent,"This is an amazing game, the game play is great the story is above average, the multiplayer was alot less buggy then I first imagined and the parkour was so fluid and fun that im actually learning it irl as to become more immersed in the game.My only complaint is the second major dlc (the following) removed the aspect of parkour way to much so ifanother dlc ever comes out i would love to see it focus more on parkour and survival instead on gunplay and driving.either way this game is AMAZING and i would highly sudgest getting it(Please excuse my spelling as it is not my strong point)"
,Recommended,239140,14382586,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nanasushi,"Its the aftermath of mirrors edge, left 4 dead and dead island's threesome. Some hot♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239140,30116731,Posted: 23 February,all,random,"Cool game, a step up from the good Dead Island seriesTechland can you now work on ""Hellraid"" the Hexen/Diablo style game."
76561197977739022,Not Recommended,239140,16109704,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,AIMBOT LOL,"I never ever write reviews for a game but I had to take a second and give my 2 cents. First off I just wanna put out my gaming creds, I've been playing games since the Atari 2600 so trust me when I say ""I know what i'm talking about when it comes to a fun fantastic gaming experience"".I loved this game, and loved the fact that you can co-op with friends. So, if you're looking for a game that's great with friends this is it! But the following is why I uninstalled this at the end;You get the this game which is $60, you're already paying top dollar for this game. Next, you put in a ton of time leveling up your characters (you and your friends), you scour the entire game looking for the best weapons, spend another huge amount of time looking for items to buff your weapons, run countless missions all the sake of getting strong enough to beat the game and then you get up to the final mission and bam!Sorry, this is where coop mode ends and each of you have to do the final mission on your own!!Let me repeat, you cannot finish the game together! After a certain point you must win this game on single player campaign. This killed the whole game for me. Also the boss battle is nothing but a bunch of button smashing, you really don't do anything.If you only wanna do a single player campaign then you'll like this, but if you wanna play with your boys this isn't it especially at the end when everyone gets disappointed and doesn't want to play anymore, lol.Wait till it drops in price! What a shame!I don't recommend this game at the current price and that you can't complete the game with friends which is what I thought I was getting when the game says co-op.Should say it's co-op up to a certain point then you're on you're own."
76561198158862928,Recommended,239140,17307374,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,AXTIGNoah,LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! But i wish the Bozak DLC is much more Easier.... 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14345498,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Instructor Randy,"As I draw ever closer to the final hours of this game, and the narrative comes to a close in a neatly tied package, I can reflect on my experience thus far. The game starts with you being the GRE agent Kyle Crane, and you are instantly reminded that the evironment you have been placed in is completely alien. Your abilities are limited and have to be used wisely in the opening hours of the game so that even as few as one or two walkers don't overpower you. The atmostphere is tense and unforgiving in its genesis, yet it begs for you to strive to conquer it and become a master of the quarantine zone. As the story progresses and you become more powerful, the undead present less and less of a threat and the movement becomes more and more fluid. This was a refreshing change of pace for the game to take over its slow evolution from clumsily jumping around roof tops with a water pipe to running with high speed across the canopy of old town wielding a katana. Bashing down hordes of undead with various skills and advanced weapons is just as satisfying as the tense and difficult combat in the game's germinal moments. All I can really say about the game is that it bears similarities to many games in its various sub-genres but holds fast in its endeavor to procure a unique and rewarding experience for anyone who can stand the slightly dry narrative.9/10"
,Recommended,239140,14365527,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Loki,"Dying light combnes the best of Parkour with a Zombie survival scene that, in my opinion, just blows other first person zombie games out of the water (I'm glaring at you, Dead Island).During the day, each Zombie is on it's own a dangerous little ♥♥♥♥er that can ruin your day if you get cocky, but with a bit of smarts they're pretty easy to smash, impail, toss off cliffs, headstomp, BBQ, etc, etc, etc. Your imagination and application of mods on your weaps is the only limit to the epic ways you can make crowds of them go boom.During the night . . .Well . . . Congrats. You spent too long thinking about the night and now you're dead.Volitiles, which only appear during the night are made from fear, hatred and gods fury on a unrepenting people, slapped into Jocelyn Wildenstein. If you see one you run, you run and you keep running and you only stop when you're surrounded by that comforting blue UV light.Going up against walkers with guns is downright stupid, it attracts too many runners who like nothing better then eating your♥♥♥♥♥as your sniping like a boss.Suddenly when you enter Rais's Dens the story changes to an all-out gun fight. The change from sneaky ninja to CoD-style badass is loads of fun, just watch out for the grenadiars later on in the game.Play the game and you'll love it.Seriosuly. Stop reading and buy the freaking thing.I rate this a ♥♥♥♥ out of YEAH.PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!"
,Recommended,239140,14372915,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,smeezer,"Pros:Extremely fun, Like Dead Island if Dead Island had a real story.Cons:Multiplayer feels like an afterthought.  With the variety of Zombie units in-game I expected (hoped) there would be an excellent Left 4 Dead (1&2) style vs mode but sadly that is not the case.  The multiplayer mini-game feels very forced.Overall Impression: An excellent game all around that would have been better served putting the resources (or lack thereof) used to create the multiplayer to add to the overall game.  Either that or perhaps they'll release a multiplayer expansion that lets the vs mode shine.  I'd be happy to consult on how to make the multiplayer awesome.  Just saying."
,Recommended,239140,14376867,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,space wizard lizard,Story is meh. Gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. Kicking zombies off of roofs and watching them flop is so satisfying.
,Recommended,239140,14382193,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ziteseve,The game looks a lot like Dead Island... well it should same company... did that scare you off? it shouldnt this game is AMAZING-Parkour-Zombies-Elite Zombies-Explosions-Mad Graphics!-Bullet time-Few jump scares!this game is one of the few games in the last 3 years i would say is worth a 60$ Price tag! DLC already purchased!!
,Recommended,239140,14335502,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ghost,"Im having a lot of fun so far. Ive seen some texture issues and some weird pop in and out textures, but can be excused for how big the world is to run around in. Ive heard that the co-op is really fun (But I havnt done it myself)----------KEEP IN MIND----------Needs a pretty beefy rig to play on ok settings. I can do about medium with view distance turned completely down. ( View distance on max will turn your frames to about 30 even when running a GTX 980 and i7 @4.80 Ghz, or so ive been told/seen.)Again I am running about medium settings with the specs below:Processor - Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4770 CPU @ 3.40GHz 7.7Memory - (RAM) 16.0 GBGraphics - NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 TiGaming graphics - 3968 MB Total available graphics memoryBottom line, its a fun experience with a cool parkour system and zombies that grow in strength when the sun goes down. This game does require a pretty beefy system, and Id be suprised if you could run it on something like a cheap laptop.EDIT: After beating the game, I can tell you that the story is pretty lame. Im getting sick and tired of these QTE final boss battles. Its a cop-out, and I hate it. As for the story itself, there isnt really anything to drive home about. Its boring, its predictable, and just not really interesting. I didnt really care about anything that happened to the people in the game when it comes right down to it. Its still a great game on gameplay and visuals, but Im getting sick and tired of the crap storys and QTE final boss battles."
76561198067842744,Recommended,239140,14364071,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Waymos,"Just beat.. First at the beginning I was disapointed and hated it.. Exsamples you can run climb and jump for a long time but 3 swings and your tire. The climbing was slow along with the parkour and the swinging weapons was simple side to side with no control of variations. I understood this game to be and play like Dead Island with the fighting, no.. The freerunning like Mirror's Edge no.. but is was fantastic co op like Dead or Alive.. It turns out your climbing and fighting get better with your skills so more swinging faster climbing and more intoitive controls. The game is awsome.. I've waited 5 years is it since we first heard about it. and i love it. Go into the game knowing its not like Dead Island, Mirrors Edge at first and your experience will be much better. There has been afew glitches of stuck in ground or a hunter instantly pounce kill 3 people at the same time.. how I don't know but the online is increadablie... with friends that have it or strangers that love killing zombies. I think its a well worth $79 I paid so I can both have and play the online and co op. Dying Lights has bumped itselve up to my 2nd to third favorite of all games maybe.. It's hard to pick and compare diffrent johnras like Demon/Dark Souls/ Fallout 3/ Elderscrolls.. But for zombie Killing... It's NUMBER 1   HEAD SHOT   DOUBLE KILL     UNSTOPPABLE.   I look toward the horizon and keep my fist full of money in hope for another installment or clone of greatness.P.S   best and longest review i've type.. Worth the time"
,Recommended,239140,14372941,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Patman69,my review for this game dying light is the best zombie game I ever played in a long time its like dead lsland but it have parkour and better story and better graphics dead lsland is a good game but techland warners brothers did a really did a great job on this game some people would not like it because they think it will suck but I did not think this sucks I think its the best zombie game the came out in 2015 plus it just came out there are still bugs don't judge it cause of that its still getting updated for bugs and other things like people cheating a weapon glitch my score on this game is gonna be 10/10 if did not had bugs it would of been 12/10
,Recommended,239140,14297562,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,чулепа,Это шедевр!
76561198056841414,Recommended,239140,14341319,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cheetos,"The game is great and I'm starting to pretty much try anything over a 7 now. It's good to use these reviews as a reference but don't let it deter you. Most of the complaints, even in this review ARENT going to be everyone's.For example, I had a firearm to use sparingly early on against armed enemies. I find the missions to be actually realistic based on the situation at hand. Not everything should be settled GTA style and I actually like the story. Morals vs ""the greater good"" plays a big part here and it gets very interesting. The skill tree is engaging, you definitely feel progressively more powerful/agile and rank ups are awesome if not for the outfits than the more advanced weaponry.Missions are very rewarding as more difficult ones will open up areas with amazing finds like epic blueprints or tough enemies that drop a new weapon to build on with upgrades. And FINALLY a game where a 9mm pistol is as effective as it would be in real life. Not to mention this game will have you on the edge of your seat.No one talks about the attention to detail either. Like everyone's watch insync with the time it is in the world for a subtle reminder to get stuff done before night comes. Or shirts flowing in the wind or the animations for picking up items, opening doors, climbing or blocking the entrance behind you. Locating a stranded NPC might result in a gruesome story as to how he/she is alive or what he use to be before it all went down and despite the reviewer's opinion of the Mother's Day mission, it's interesting to see how different people are affected by the outbreak. I like how you help and complete objectives by using violence as a last resort. This game is supposed to be realistic. Fighting to the death for some extra metal parts simply isn't.Weaponry is well thought out. Build on them, enhance them or break me down for parts. Versatility is key for using certain upgrades for the living and others for the dead. Use your big weapons like guns for closed off areas so the running zombies can't get to you so easily so you can strategically take them out. There's no reason to cheese them and corner them with molotovs because once you're upgraded a bit and get calmer in battle you'll be mixing up your strategy and using your head, weapons, environment and agility to cut, plunder, heavy swing, vault, drop kick for your life, their life or to make space for that Very Hard lock you want to pick.I give this game a 9.5/10 easily. This game has a certain randomness that keeps it fresh and keeps you wanting to progress. It's like a sports game where no two events are the same. Every encounter is different because everything from what you use (weapon, environment or agility) down to each swing is manually executed. You have full control."
,Recommended,239140,14341350,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Wawoul,Its what Dead Island should of been
,Recommended,239140,14341428,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,david price,excellent
76561198062593470,Recommended,239140,14353016,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Darkmoon,i r8 8/8 but i can't play it ;_; I did get a new graphic card was able to finish it. Still hasn't changed my rating though :) Love this game
,Recommended,239140,14364699,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ravager,"Game was very fun even running at minimun spec, until last patch after that everything stutters even running at bare minumum setting . Before patch was running at full desktop resolution with medium setting and it was playable. Now it is a 75% chance I will get stuck in a loading loop just trying to start the game and loading up my savefile. Hopefully its something they can fix in another patch.If you liked Dead Island like I did you will probably like this game, even though the weapon degrading thing IMHO is a silly mechanic, once mods are working again sure that will be a popular one.Edit: after tinkering with somethings namely Ambient occlusion, Antialiasing, and Draw distance set back to 50% the game is running smoother for me without most of the stuttering though initial game load times can still take quite awhile."
76561198050565455,Recommended,239140,14367078,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,D34D C3NTR3,"boss game, weapons are sick!"
,Recommended,239140,16918905,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Technologic,"Now usually, I can never play a game for more then 3 hours straight mostly, but this game, this one kept me up for hours with friends, definitely would recommend for people looking for a game to play with friends.EDIT: This game is still giving me endless amounts of fun, has massive replay value, honestly such a well done job."
76561198234778128,Recommended,239140,24799303,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TheLevel2Gamer,There has been lots of PVP bug and it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fix all the broken stuff and I will enjoy PVP again
76561198096532480,Recommended,239140,24930992,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,fevid,"Fun, Very Fun xDPlay it Coop and You will Enjoy it a Hundred Times More"
76561198181275922,Recommended,239140,19254475,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Tweedle Dee,gud
,Recommended,239140,25918015,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ascomycota,Best zombie game I ever played!
,Recommended,239140,35465964,Posted: 4 October,all,JuiCY_LuCY,nice graphicsnice gameplaynice storynice horrorall nice
76561198236645752,Recommended,239140,21665454,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ohadraz,just buy this pure fun called dying light what are you waiting for ?!... still didn't buy it ? come on! your wasting your time you're not going to live forever lol
,Recommended,239140,35441141,Posted: 3 October,all,Septlaxer,"A sandbox zombie killing game, fun if you have the means to entertain yourself however, I do not and found myself very bored very quickly.It's rather gorgeous and has a decent crafting system with multi-player maps to keep interest long after you've completed the campaign but just not for me.If you like the Dead Island games you'll feel right at home with this game."
,Recommended,239140,20011914,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Camel_Reloaded,"It is one of my top games at the moment, but it's not without it's issues:- Unbalanced PVP mode. (Be The Zombie mode is unbalanced, either the zombie will destroy the humans or vice versa. It is very uncommon to find a balanced game)- Problematic PVP connections. (The use of a Peer-to-Peer multiplayer system with a game mode that not as many want to play as the COOP game mode is that connections can be slow or drop out when you don't have nearly of much choice as to who you join)- Ledge detection (I just find that this can be just generally flawed on the occasion, it usually is fine but sometimes you will find your self face planting a corner instead of climbing it or climbing really small things you didn't expect to)Besides the above, the game holds to expectations and is ok. A new IP that could definetly be better but it's really not that bad. Especially witht the new update coming in Febuary which could mix things up.My advice to those deciding on whether or not to get it would be get it on sale or look for a discount key."
76561198132029916,Recommended,239140,33070970,Posted: 30 June,all,Country,Awesome game Dang
,Recommended,239140,33362317,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackSymmetry,"The gameplay is extremely fun, especially with friends. Great zombie action and incredibly detailed world with smooth parkour and breath-taking graphics. However, the writing in this game is probably the worst I've ever seen for a triple A game. If you buy it for the story, you will be disappointed. All in all, very fun time."
,Recommended,239140,17119178,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Velocity,What is there not to love about this game-Zombies-Parkour-Gore-Coop-Open World-Beautiful Graphics-Intense Gameplay (Espeicially at night)-Different types of zombies-LootingThis is truly I think the best zombie game I've ever played in my entire life. I have never seen another game that is even close to as awesome as this one. Ill have to end this review with two words: Pure Awesomeness9/10
,Recommended,239140,30490138,Posted: 13 March,all,Blossom,"Everything Dead Island needed to be, to summarize I don't think this game is worth it's full price, don't get me wrong it's a good game, but only about 30-40 hours of content so pick it up on sale. Story is terrible, but the zombie gameplay is everything it needs to be, I'd say perfect.Don't buy it unless you're willing to just ♥♥♥♥ around and do side missions just for the sake of killing zombies. Because this is all Dying Light offers, I'm kind of disappointed there's so little endgame content. There's literally just additional levels for stats you don't need."
76561198039305661,Recommended,239140,20232553,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,gunsaremagic,this  game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i..n.g awsome
,Recommended,239140,14508986,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mithan,"I was a little hesitant to buy this game at first, not knowing what to expect from it, and not really having played any Zombie  games in the past.  Here is my short review:I didn't really know what to expect when I purchased this game, not having played the previous Zombie games on the PC or consoles, so I was a little new to the ""surviver"" type genre.  When you start the game, it is fairly tough, since you suck at running, jumping and climbing.  This makes things a LOT harder, and you die quite a bit in the early stages as you are getting your♥♥♥♥♥owned by monsters.However, as you start doing things, you get better at combat or running or general survivor, and by the time you get to about level 8 or so in the 3 Skills, the game really starts to improve a lot, as the parkour system really starts to shine.  You can run and jump and climb faster, and run longer, and the game just becomes a LOT of fun.  Before all of this, its sort of annoying, but after you get that stuff down, its a blast.I would do most of my quests during the day, I only went out at night a few times.  Initially I got my♥♥♥♥♥totally kicked, because I didn't realize Firecrackers were so useful, but after you ""learn"" the game, it becomes a lot easier and a lot more fun.The story is decent, though nothing to write home about.  There are a few ""arena"" style fights, which I detest, but I did ok with them here and the developers have made it so that when you respawn, the monsters you killed stay dead so it doesn't get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Exploration and Crafting REALLY are important in this game.  If you take the time to upgrade your weapons, find blueprints, etc, etc, you end being a major killing machine in the last 1/3 of the game.Graphics:The graphics are fairly good, not the best I have seen, but pretty solid on my PC.  I was running them maxed out, except for textures which were set to medium due to some weird slow down issues on my SLI 670 FTW versions due to it loading too much into memory.  This wouldn't be an issue with 4gb cards but mine are 2gb.  The zombie models, buildings, etc are all pretty well done.World Design:I found the world design to be pretty decent overall, I just wish it was a little bigger or had a few more areas to explore that were different, but what is here is pretty good.  The buildsing have a fair level of detail, the sewers are well designed, the parkour system is built decently into the game, etc, etc.  I enjoyed it for the most part.So would I recomend this game?  Yes, its a good deal of fun.  You might find the initial part of the game to be a bit annoying and hard, but give it time, and before you know it, you will find your guy leveling up and blowing through the game and having a total blast."
,Recommended,239140,15248631,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GottaBeGreg,"All in all a entertaining and somewhat suprising game.The gameplay starts off slow, where zombies, the walking kind, are your biggest threat. This goes on until you find an amazing blueprint, one of many, that allow you to destroy them all in one shot. And this may sound unbalanced to you, but when the push comes to shove and there are upwards of 30 zombies hording you and you need to get out, slashing your way throught them is a hell of a time. And then the other types of zombies come into play, wherein you stop destroying them with your almighty Angel sword, and you turn to the flowing parkour mechanics this game supports.More on parkour you say?Well, all together, you start off quite slow, and this is kind of to be expected, as you are an unexperienced runner and all. However, this slowness kind of does last a litle longer than nessecary, and it probably takes an unnessecarily long amount of time to get the grappling hook. But when you finally do, the becomes a breeze. You are the fastest thing out there, or so you think. And in that moment of brief glee for your new found grappling hook freedom, you decide to go out at night, because 'dem Volatiles aint got nothing on you!In that reckless moment, you hear it. The blood curdling scream of the night hunter. You have been invaded. All of a sudden, your told of your new threat, a speedy, cunning hunter, with so many tricks in his arsenal, and, in the same strokes, none of your tried and true zombie killing method work. No longer does your enemy mindlessly hobble towards you, oh no, this guy is like f**king spiderman on steroids. He is everywhere. And you wont be able to keep up. Through time and a whole lot of bloodshed, you will learn good old spidermans weakness's, and develop your own strategy to destroying him, but it takes a decent amount of time for that to happen.In summary.Campaign 8/10 Some unexpected twists, some expected ones. By the end you will wonder how your character hasn't had a mental breakdown yet, as there is some heavy stuff in there.Co-op 9.5/10 There is always something to do, wether it be slashing down the hordes, saving survivors or competing in the constantly popping up impromtu competitions, this never leaves you wishing it was a solo game.Multiplayer 7.5/10 Very steep learning curve. Your first invasion will nearly always end in your defeat without the assistance of another experienced player, and the same goes for the zombie. To be honest, it would not be harmful if they had an hour counter beside each player in the Zombie joining lobby, or some system alike that, as the skill levels are  incredibly noticable.In summary, fun alone, better with friends and intense as hell when invasion time comes."
,Recommended,239140,14435400,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Zotrov,Best zombie game ever.
,Recommended,239140,14293364,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,AcidSnake87,"Dying Light takes the best from Dead Island and Far Cry 3/4 and presents the players with an awesome parkour based open world survival horror game that not only entertains to a high degree, but also keeps the player on edge with intense combat and convincing sound effects. My only real complaint is that all the side missions, while useful for gaining new blueprints and upgrades, are beyond tedious since about 90% of them are fetch quest that have you going from one point of the map to the other, with no form of quick travel. However, aside from weak side quest, I feel Dying Light is everything a Dead Island fan would want, fresh start wise. It's a wonderfully gory experience, that honestly to me, doesn't take itself to seriously. Most def give this game a look see if you're into open worlds, zombies, close quarters combat, and of course, parkour."
76561198018626439,Recommended,239140,22899961,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,♔Coldog™,"Brilliant storyline loved it.Great details, customisation options, and challenges.Multiplayer is barely playable with the new updates.but still a decent game.After storyline is done (which takes a hell of a long time and im talking days at least)its practicly a done and dusted got the Tshirt game, still fun however."
,Recommended,239140,14202121,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Thomas The Dank,"Playing this on the day it was released i expected bugs and problems with the servers but was very suprised. The game runs great minus the poor optimization for viewing distance. Its awesome to be chased in the night by a pack of zombies and just feels so smooth and natural the way you run. A lot of people I know thought it was going to be another failed free roam zombie game but I can say this is the best one yet. With two different play styles, fighting or running with independent leveling systems, I think you could spend a lot of time just messing around to level up. I think that this has been the best game I've played in my whole life."
76561198045864601,Recommended,239140,14199911,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Callsign Crim,"Dying Light... my dream come true... almostDying Light throws you into a world in chaos, as the main character ""Crane"", you have been tasked with smashing as many skulls in as your pipe will allow you too. You will most likely begin your journey of bloodshed approaching a slender female zombie, wearing sexy short shorts, and a bikini that barely covers her (  .  Y  .  ) 's As you repeativly smash her face you realize just how satisfying it is to crush the skull of things, you begin to name your victems, often times finding resemblences to close family or real life rivels. I know it was at this point that I realized, I really love smashing skulls.=Pro's=-Everyone says this game is poorly optimized for amd, however both my I7 and I5 run the game smoothly on highest settings, those idiots just don't know about AMD drivers. the game is beautiful,-Very detailed ambiant settings, you really get drawn into your environment.-The music fits every situation perfectly, really showing the severity of each situation.-The voice acting and lip movements are spot on and flawless.-The character development throughout the game is smoothe, at the begining you really do feel like a rhino with three legs, and over time you begin to evolve into a zombie skull crushing roof hoping majestic feline of wrath.-Story seems good so far (not 100% through) will update after completion.-The Parkour is very smooth, (after of course you die a few times in frusteration trying to get used it) Many games have tried Parkour movement style and failed in the past, its about time we see a studio do it right.-Cons--Controller support is good except the ability to remap. kinda hate RB being jump, just seems dumb.-For some reason their is a grainy texture to the graphics, i didnt notice this in any of the streams or gameplay trailers. this is for both AMD and Nvidea,  its very mild but none the less I feel it took away from the quality of the graphics.-very limited character customization, Yes you can choose perks and such to meet gameplay styles, But you are stuck with Crane, no female characters, no large black guy with pink dreads, no unique character features, I looked forward to playing a game like this and being able to look down at my hands only to see a large pair of (  .  Y  .  ) stareing back at me, worst part is, multiplayer with 4 of your friends, you are all wearing a extremely untactical bright neon yellow shirt, (Granted this can be changed with a small selection of outfits,)-Lets not forget the 10 yr old who invades your game as the night hunter, absolutely wrecks your group of friends, then proceeds to brag about he has used his zombie <==#3 to ♥♥♥♥ all 4 of your moms... while eating poptarts... nothing new here as the poisonous troll community we often encounter in video games has moved its way to dying light.SummeryThat aside, this game is very well polished, I feel a few features it lacks can be made up for with the smooth launch, unique gameplay, and lack of bugs. This is one of the few games in the last 3 years that had a semi bug free release, starting 2015 off to a great year.  I feel this game is worth ever penny of the $179 that i spent for my 3 friends, and hope to get a ton more laughs and enjoyment from it. overall I give this an 8.7/10  best parkour game out there, one of the top 5 zombie RPG's out there, and there is a ton of room for updates to further improve and optimize the game."
,Recommended,239140,15415693,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,(AU) Axton,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cXDahUDnOQ
76561198007399976,Recommended,239140,22699252,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mycroft,"♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥I've just about beaten the game on nightmare mode and it's like surviving an actual zombie apocalypse.Ever wanted to just absolutely lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥and hit a zombie so many times while screaming ""♥♥♥♥ YOU..♥♥♥♥ YOU ... ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"" ??  Well then this game mode is for you.Any more than 2 seconds on the floor means your face is cat food.But seriously despite the hard difficulty I can't even fathom how many times i've wanted to punch my screen because of the God awful controls. Seriously sometimes I think Crane wants to dieThe free running is fun but I can't tell you how many times I've jumped to some ledge or another at a critical moment only for Crane to decide he has had enough and not grab onto anything....Only to have me franticaly search for something else to grab onto to no avail.Also why does he have to be so effing slow to do anything; He speed through the city like he has a jetbooster installed in his anal cavity! Yet when it comes to opening a chest or turning a valve it's full on turtle mode!!!!!So all in all Nightmare mode is kind of like S&M I ♥♥♥♥ing love it and hate it all at once.10/10 Barnacle Gosling simulator"
,Recommended,239140,14207994,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],Finally got survival zombie game that isn't a copy of DayZ!
76561197990546141,Recommended,239140,14311914,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Arc_Empyreus,"TL;DR: Best Zombie Combat Game in a Long Time, Cliche Story. They are Releasing Mod Tools And fixing Problems. Buy the Game. Perfect Example of How A poor story prevents GOTY.^^^ Keep an eye on Hours Played ^^^Edit: Beat the Main story and 90% of the Side Quests in 40hrs. (66%) I'll get 100% compleation and see what happens.The moment you see it cross 61 hours, sell your Kid's toys and buy the game. For every game I play I employ a simple method to see if the game was worth it or not: For every Dollar I spend, I expect an equal amount of gameplay hours. In this case, I spent 60 (not including the aditional 60 for my friend's copy) So I expect 60 hours of gameplay. While this may seem unfair let me point towards a few games like Skyrim  ($60 -> 551 Hours), Terraria ($10 -> 368 Hours), Torchlight 2 ($20 -> 97 Hours), and even an incomplete game like Starbound ($15 -> 79 Hours) By using this I like to give games a percentage from 0% (having never played at all) to x% (seeing as The more I play a game the higher percentage)At the Time of this Review Dying Light is at 46% (not including if I pick up the Season Pass)Normally I would just say a resounding ""No"" to anything under 50%, however It will easially break 50% as my friend and I continue to play.Just to Clarify0% - 50% Resounding ""No""51% - 75% Grab it on Sale76% - 100% Pick It up if you have some Spare Cash100+% - Sell your children and buy the game. (Like Skyrim at 330%)Keep In mind this is more of a system to figure out if it was really worth the money. The system isn't designed to include pure entertainment value (For example this scale doesn't really work for seeing the Grand Canyon or a Show on broadway if you like that sort of thing) You can also adjust it with diferent ratios such as 2 hours per Dollar or vice versa since 22hrs may be more than enough for some people.  Anyway on to the actual review.Gameplay:Gameplay is the single most important thing in well. Games.  It's all fine and good if you enjoy a story, but if getting from story point A to story point B is hell-and-a-half then there's no way I'm spending more than a hour playing. So far Dying Light has Impressed me with incredibly satisfying combat and movement. I need to talk about them together because without eachother we'd just be playing Mirrors Edge: Harran or Dead Island. Also note that while there isn't a direct difficulty, it seems to scale with how far you progress in the game. As we play I notice more scary zombies and the biters grab more (also more in quantity). While I like the way this is done, I feel like there isn't much incentive to play though again on ""Hardcore"" mode. since it doesn't exist.Leaping off a roof and drop kicking zombies off cliffsThrowing a dagger at an Air Canister on the back of zombies and watching it ragdoll down the street (or right towards you) then it promptly exploding in a crescendo of red mist.Recieving a reward for saving a survivor then watching him get jumped by 30 more zombies because he was too stupid to use the rooftops.You and your buddy leaping to the rescue of a survior being attack by thugs (promptly knocking him off his feet) and Kicking him to death like some sort of gang initiation gone wrong, only to dissapear into the sunset like a Post-apocolyptic Batman and... Batman (no one wants to be Robin)Realizing ""Biters"" (Slow and Stupid Day zombies) Don't know how to climb down things without falling over, then promptly leading them to the edge of cliffs. I mean really, they even trip over eachother.Filling our pants with execess weight during night missions (no really I hate-in-a-good-way the night in this game)Laughing at the Noises the Hazmat Zombie makes. heheh toilet humor.Anyway I could keep going. Everything (including Guns) feels incredibly Satisfying to use, zombies are fun to kill and the movement system (minus a few hiccups) is for the most part fluid and feels like you're free running.Story:Eh, pretty typical Zombie stuff here. Sidequests have garnered more than a chuckle from time to time.Co-op:See this one is important to me. I Love co-op games and honestly I think this does it in the perfect way (much like borderlands does) The Story isn't geared towards ""there's more than one of you"" it's exactly the same for both of us, We're just experiencing it together. There are some minor issues with animations and I wish there were more things we could do as far as ""special zombie executing move 9000"" but that's okay. The important thing everything works without much issus. Techland could go incredibly far with this, lets hope they have the sense too.Im sick of writing this. I'll do that + and - thing everyone else did now.+Satisfying melee and Gun combat+Wonderful movemt System♥♥♥♥♥♥your-pants tense night cycle+Decently Interesting Crafting System+Level as you use it Skill/Level system+Skill trees where everything is pretty useful+Lots of loot and secrets to find+Rewards Exploration+Co-op that works the first time-Meh Story-No Moding tools-No Difficulty choices (Easy/Med/Hard)-Not enough varity of zombies (they have crazy ones, get crazier, Maybe in Expansions)All in all it's a great game. I want it to pass my Hr/$ test. I also want them to release dev tools and say screw multiplayer (verses not co-op) I want mods. If they work on building up a Skyrim like modding community then Dying Light will be around a very long time."
76561198150132634,Recommended,239140,14729632,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,HellaHigh420Bitch,All i can say is this game is Sick As♥♥♥♥♥♥:) Worth Every  Penny :) Wont Be Disapponited :) Lots of Fun :)
,Recommended,239140,17186888,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,"D+F2, fF2, 3, 1, 2, 3, fF1+4, F3","As an AMD user i am pretty suprised (in a good way) of the game performance.No stutters.No image collapsing.Gameplay is smooth as butter.Now about the game itself.Parkour 10/10Variations of zombies 10/10Variations of weapons and upgrades for them 10/10AI is pretty damn smart even on Normal difficulty level.Jumpscares 10/10Lack of fire arms is a pity. Or maybe its because i havent got to the point when i will get a rifle(Currently using some german 9mm pistol which is♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT:( 29/07/2015 ) ---> Rifles are pretty good but soon you wont even use them as max Rifle Damage - 184. And already you are you are going to find melee weapons with 400+ DMG.But allthough a pretty good game, especially with the DLC`s."
,Recommended,239140,14196478,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Weadyen,"Great game! You dont have to go head to head with the zombies most of the time, you can jsut run around/over, or whatever... but sometimes you have to fight them head to head, Nice Parkour, Its A combo. of Mirrors edge, Dead rising (or any zombie game, that is). VERY FUN!"
76561198057828795,Recommended,239140,14830233,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,RedScreens4DayZ,"best damn game ive ever palyed! i recomend to anyone who likes zombie games, quest games, and a game witth just an amazing storyline!!!!"
76561198008964877,Recommended,239140,14203044,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,John_Snow_King=OF=SPARTA,What Dead Island should have been.
76561198083622653,Recommended,239140,14195999,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Button Mashta Leo,"I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a hardcore parkour game (see what i did there :3 )Yes there are some bits of Fps drop but I am not going to judge the game like many on the Fps rather then the gameplay. Especially since I ain't bothered by the minor ammount on my rig....but....as long as you have a NVIDIA Card you seem to be a bit better off.Now on to the gameplay;Parkour-you can jump, you can grab, you can vault, cling, climb duuuuuhh lol So far i don't see any flipping though xD but similar to assassins creed style....key word SIMILARZombies-dumb durring the say but there are different types, especially ones that die with weapons in there hands. slow, sluggish, easily distracted. The ones at night are spooky and annoying with all that screaming gawd. And those green hunters are scary as hell.Night time- may be short but with it as dark as it is and the more dangerous zoms, its fircken frightening.So far challenging and enjoyable. I'll update this review as soon as i gotten further and tried more aspects of the game"
76561198097877669,Recommended,239140,14362367,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,🎃 Z-Nation 🎃,"The best game of the Year!! Great Graphics and the zombies... Ohh man...!! The best looking and probably the hardest game the kill the zombies. The story line is just great.I give this game a 9 1/2 /10 by far.....3 Stars - Graphics3 Stars - Story Line3 Stars - On your feet Entertaining1/2 for sexual themes would be 10/10 stars with there was more :pReview by,Turkey Master"
76561198126423961,Recommended,239140,14528835,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Puddi,"overall its good. just that after completion, u will have to play with friends or it would be damn boring."
,Recommended,239140,32474188,Posted: 16 June,all,Labamba,It's been 2 years since release and now they're about to release free 10 DLCs for next 1 year
,Recommended,239140,21123301,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Herwo613,"So much action. So much running... So much, bashing in heads with anything you find! Game graphics are awesome. They fixed the game from day one and/or still making sure that there is no major bugs. The expansion pack, i haven't tried yet, but heard nothing but good news. So, give it a try. Its a must. its a recommendation."
,Recommended,239140,14829025,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Psychedelic Adventurer,"REVIEW – Dying LightDetailsDeveloper: TechlandGenre: Zombie slaughtering simulator, with Parcour!Mode: SP or MP (Co-Op, or vs team game)Release year: 2015The Good☺The parcour is the best, most well implemented running mechanic in any game, to date!☺Huge amount of Weapons which you will collect throughout the game.☺Complete crafting system. Make your own weapons!☺Zombies are slow but deadly, especially at lower levels.☺Fantastic graphics. Extremely demanding however.The Bad☹Story is meh. It's adequate, but it wont stick in your brain. Let's be honest though; this isn't what you came for.☹Early game feels badly implemented. Zombies are sponges to all attacks and can take up to 20 hits to kill. The humans are nigh on impossing to kill, unless you use the insanely Overpowerd slide kick which breaks them instantly.☹Mulitplayer is tacked on and bare minimum. Co-Op is fantastic however.Worth NotingBefore you read this, you need to know one thing. Dying Light doesn't just resemble Dead Island in its setting or style, it repeats entire gameplay features. And they arn't small ones. The focus predominantly is still on melee. The kick is still here. The crafting is identical, in function if not form, allowing you to add elemental damage to your weapons through blueprints and upgrades.So it won't be much of a shock to you hearing that the Co-OP is the same either, albiet a lot more clumsely implemented, as everyone just plays as a Crane (The protagonist) clone.These are all solid and reasonable flaws to a game which is neither really original, or unique in many ways. However, when all things are done and dusted; I really dont care, because Dying Light is one of my favourite games of 2015 so far!!The parkour system is one of my favourite mechanics in a game since the Nemesis system in 'Shadow Of Mordor' and really is one of the best building traversal games ever. Jumping between roof tops and smashing into car roofs. The game in this regard is flaw.The single player is surprisingly entertaining and lengthy. It's not exactly mass effect, but it serves it's purpose. Side quests are often better than those in the story. Characters arn't always memorable, with more effort given to justify the game world.  Progression comes via a skill tree that unlocks significant character upgrades. You will also learn to craft items like Molotovs and flares to make you more formidable against the various zombie types.I felt that the game gets a bit too easy once you reach higher ranks however. Weapons (when upgraded to the greatest extent) can kill Volatiles, Goons, and Demolishers in 1 or 2 hits. This effectively destroys the atmosphere and rids Dying Light of one of it's biggest advantages.Note: As of the 10th March Techland introduced a free update of 'HardMode'. This effectively removes my main gripe with the gameMy conclusion: Really the biggest issue with Dying Light is a crysis of identity. It's way too similar to Dead Island. It remains a terrific zombie game that really switches up the genre of boring and stale zombie grinder games.It emphasizes the world and how you move around in it. This isn't just a slap dash map that's been thrown together at the last minute. Everything has it's proper place in responce to the free running elements.  The changes between day and night are refreshing and memorable. There is a healthy amount of content that will provide dozens of hours of entertainment in solo or cooperative play. Entertaining, atmospheric, visceral, and frenzied.The VerdictPersonal Rating:The definative Zombie butchering simulator.Traditional Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,32113849,Posted: 1 June,all,Hank Schrader,dude more zombies lmao
,Recommended,239140,17388640,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,FuscusNight,"It's like Dead Island but better in every way and not filled with bad Australian accents(Actual boring serious information)The game does a fantastic job of taking various elements from other games and implementing them all into it's own.There's an invasion mechanic that's pretty similar to the PVP invasions in Dark Souls games where you can invade or get invaded by player controled hunter zombies,there's a crafting mechanic where you find blue prints to construct silly powerfull weapons(like a flaming crowbar) ala Dead Rising 2, there's outpoust (aka safe areas) which you gotta clear out and then turn on a power switch so you can use them to store you equipment and sleep through the night(Far Cry 3), it has a fantastic parkour system that's very fluid,responsive and makes even doing simple things such as running a frekin fun experience (Mirror's Edge/TItanfall parkour),there's qurantine zones(Dungeons) which you can run over and over to get better loot(any MMORPG) and the game also supports 4 player co-op which makes an allready fun game even more fun and ridiculous.The only two major flaws the game has is the 1 dimensional villain that's desperately trying to be like Vaas but fails completely at it and the game uses an insane amount of video memory if you set Texture Quality to high, so much so than you need 4GB of VRAM to be able to play the game with High Textures otherwise get ready for lots and lots of stuttering and micro-stuttering. Thankfully the medium textures still look fairly good in my opinion so it's not an extremly big deal but to people who consider a slightly muddy texture to be the anti-christ of PC gaming then this optimization issue will annoy you a lot if you have a card with less then 4GB of VRAM.All in all, it's just fantastic; Solo or with some buddies, you'll most likely have a blast."
,Recommended,239140,22341968,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,.......,Dying Light is an incredibly fun zombie chopping game. It has an amazing story and cool characters. and the weapons how could i forget the weapons whats the word to describe them cute no funny no BADASS hell yeah they are you can legit snap a zombies head of with a garden scythe its amazing. so finally do i recommend this game the answer. HELL YEAH I DO
,Recommended,239140,14951601,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Littlepudintater,"Dying light is as good as it looks, raising the bar for zombie apocolypse games into a new frontier. Manuevering through parkour is as smooth as it gets. There are little to no guns, and I myself have had no problems running the game as well. I recommend the game to all as it's fun with or without friends."
,Recommended,239140,32878563,Posted: 27 June,all,emz,"best zombie gameadd me if you want help on bozak horde, missions, need weapons or whatever else."
,Recommended,239140,22838157,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,n0cturnal,"""This game is actually great"" - Slava Voynov 2016"
,Recommended,239140,14252962,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ihateyoumr,"10/10 fell on an exploding zombie and diedOk lets make a serious review nowWell this game does seem to have issues with preformance. I dont know how to help there but Im on a two year old PC. I've been keeping the software up to date and scanning once a week for issues.-Combat is smooth-Parkour is smooth-AI is decent for zombies-Crafting is eh (Repeative alot)-Lockingpick is ugh-Feels like Im actually hitting something-Still nice to split a zombie in half with a long sword-Still nice to chop up humans with a pick-A bit harder to level up agility then survior and power-Mostly smooth a few bugs now and then-Full open world that is large and fun to run around-A few places to go into for specific quests-Short loading times-A decent amouth of meele weapons-Needs more guns instead of, 2 pistols, 1 shotgun and 2 rifles (In my opinion)-EXPLODERS SUCKI give it a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14414510,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,(]> MagnuM <[),Such an awsome co op zombie game great fun best game of 2015 so fair :D
76561198231060272,Recommended,239140,24571545,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,exNvP,10/10 best zombie game ever played and love it so far.
,Recommended,239140,14210594,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pav,Think of Dead island X Farcry X Assassins Creed.This game has everything you would want for a zombie apocalypes definetely one of the best games i have ever played10/10 would bang.Ps. If anyone thinks they can take me as a Night Hunter i challenge you to try.
,Recommended,239140,14787583,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DJ Whiteboi,"*THIS ""REVIEW"" CONTAINS SPOILERS, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! (AND THIS IS MY SECOND ""REVIEW,"" SO I HAVEN'T EXACTLY CAUGHT ON TO THIS WHOLE ""REVIEW"" THING, HENCE THE QUOTATION MARKS AROUND ""REVIEW."" I'M GONNA STICK WITH THREE CONS AND PROS SO IT WON'T TAKE FOREVER TO WRITE! TRUST ME, IT'S GONNA BE A LONG BUT HOPEFULLY ENJOYABLE REVIEW (If I really feel like I missed a huge pro or con in the game, I may add it in this review later, so it's a work in progress)! xD IF YOU SEE ANY GRAMMATICAL ERRORS IN MY REVIEW, YOU MAY COMMENT ON MY STUPIDITY IN THE COMMENTS, AND I WILL UPDATE MY REVIEW. THANK YOU, AND I HOPE YOU'LL ENJOY! :)"")*First, I would like to gush over how this game has managed to keep me invested for so long, so please, excuse me. ""Look at that. At the time that I'm writing this ""review,"" I have 68 hours logged into this game, and I'm still invested in it. That's something that I honestly CAN NOT SAY ABOUT ANY OTHER GAME RELEASED IN 2015!"" Good on you, Techland, good on you. :)""A bit of personal backstory: The only other game I've played that was made by Techland was Dead Island: Riptide, which I liked more than I would like to admit (I've never played the first Dead Island game, so I don't have anything to compare it to), so when I saw that Techland was creating a zombie survival game featuring Mirror's Edge-(Honestly one of my favorite games, just so you know) like parkour, I was excited. While waiting to gather enough money for this game's $60 price tag- which I am somewhat iffy on, but I digress, I would watch either Twitch or Steam broadcasts (The latter has gotten a bit better since its beginning, not TERRIBLY better mind you, but better) of people playing Dying Light. When I finally gathered enough money to buy Dying Light, I downloaded it, opened it up, freaked out when it did that ""Dying Light is not responding"" crap that I've gotten used to by now, and became instantly hooked.Let's first get into just a few of my criticisms (Trust me, I have way more positive things than negative things to say about this game if I were doing ALL my cons and pros.):1.) Pretty bad character development...: Character development is honestly not the first thing I look for in a zombie game, but in a STORY-DRIVEN zombie game like Dying Light, I feel like it's required. The only characters that I really ""liked"" were Brecken and Crane (Trust me, ""like"" does not mean I became attached to the character, it's just a way of seperating these somewhat more ""relatable,"" God, I feel dirty even describing these characters with that word, characters from the stupid, unnecessary, gonna-die-half-way-through-the-campaign-because-the-story-called-for-it characters). I actually somewhat became attached to Rahim but then... yeah... he kinda got himself killed, and I remembered why I hated him in the first place. When I first saw Jade, I knew that she was going to be the love interest in the game who dies due to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the bad guy causes. When Jade died, I didn't feel sad, I didn't want to cry, I was just ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at how lazy the writers were while writing her death. This is what I imagined was going on at Techland.Writer: Hmm... I wonder how we can kill off Jade in a way that completely doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥the player off...Another writer, this one named Bill: Maybe we don't have to kill off Jade?Writer: *laughs* Get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here, Bill.They try to do some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about how ""Will you give the Antizin (A kind of temporary cure for the virus, oh guess what? YOU HAVE THE VIRUS 'CUZ TECHLAND WANTED YOU TO HAVE THE VIRUS!) to Jade or save yourself?"" Guess what happened? JADE ♥♥♥♥ING GIVES YOU THE ANTIZIN WITHOUT YOUR SAY. THEY TRY TO MAKE IT SOUND LIKE YOU HAVE A CHOICE, THEN RIP IT AWAY FROM YOU. That's one of the most infuriating bits of the game, making the player think they have a choice, then ripping it out of their cold, snot-covered fingers. Another character, Rais, who tots isn't a ripoff of Vaas from FC3 'cuz we said so, is just ♥♥♥♥ing annoying. While Vaas actually blends the line of I-don't-want-to-mess-with-this-guy and the feeling of I-want-to-rip-this-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-limb-from-limb within the player, Rais is just an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who tries to be intimidating and fails miserably.2.) The story in general: Do NOT buy this game if you are looking for a game with an amazing storyline. The story is honestly the weakest part of this game. It's OKAY, but I would rather play through Dead Island Riptide's campaign (Yes, you ♥♥♥♥ing read that right.) EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING THING  YOU DO IN THIS STORY MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE YOU AREN'T ACCOMPLISHING ANYTHING! Okay, I take it back, maybe one or two UNNECESARY-TO-FINISH-THE-GAME sidequests MAY give you SOME sense of gratification, but other than that... no... just no...3.) Secret agent bullcrap: Hey guys, you know what I'm starting to get sick of more than zombie games? SECRET AGENT GAMES! YEP, IN DYING LIGHT, YOU GET TO PLAY AS UNDERCOVER GRE AGENT, KYLE CRANE, WHO GETS TO UNCOVER A FILE OR SOMETHIN' 'BOUT A ZOMBIE VIRUS! Ugh, God... Worked well in Sleeping Dogs, not so much in this game... I MUCH would have rather played as some average-Joe trying to survive within the zombie apocalypse who just so happened to be a badass-zombie-killing-parkour-ninja.Now, let's try to take this ""review"" into a more light heartened view of the game. This is what I liked about Dying Light.1.) The sometimes genius dialouge within this game: Okay, I told you that the story wasn't all that great right? Well sometimes it had me holding my sides, crying from laughing so hard. xD There's this one moment when Crane Assassin's Creeds himself onto some trashbags near the end of the game and says something similar to, ""I swear, one of these days I'm gonna fall on a bag of rusty knives."" xD That's just one of the quotes from this game that made me laugh. :) I'm not sure if it's because it was genuinely funny or if it was just so out of place that it caused me to laugh, but... yeah... xD2.) THE PARKOUR!: Oh my God, YES! One of the best things about this game! I love it so much! xD To all those people who say it's similar to Mirror's Edge though... I'm gonna have to disagree... It has this annoying hold-space-until-you-grab-onto-the-ledge-or-else-you'll-♥♥♥♥ing-fall thing that I HATED at first but eventually got used to. Once you get the grappling hook in this game though, you'll be swinging around like a pro. I would say more about the parkour, but I think I can cover it in the next pro.3.) Night time: Yes, the thing EVERY SINGLE REVIEWER I'VE EVER WATCHED TALK ABOUT THIS GAME GUSHES OVER! It really IS that good (But not Invasion, ♥♥♥♥ INVASION!). :D Imagine, the first night. You are running away from these freaky things running at you. You have no idea what's going on, but two things are clear. 1.) There's a warm liquid running down your pant leg and 2.) You gotta get to the Tower before the Goons make fun of you for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself and create a new nickname for you which follows you throughout Elementary School like Nathan from 2nd Grade, ♥♥♥♥ YOU, NATHAN! Then, a volatile pounces on you, and you began mashing the F key like you're reviving your dead puppy after Nathan from 2nd grade ran over it with his bike, ♥♥♥♥ YOU, NATHAN! Even after playing throughout the entire game and getting really powerful gear, the volatiles (whose model designer totally isn't completely demented :3) will ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up if you pick a fight with a bunch of them.In conclusion, I hope all you guys (and gals) who haven't played this game yet will give it a chance. If I wasn't limiting myself with this guide, I would probably add the rediculously obvious ""borrowing from other games,"" the sometimes terribly unfair PvP, the awesome skill trees, and coop, but it's 12:49 at night and I gotta craving for some more Dying Light.Good night, and good luck. :)"
,Recommended,239140,16043994,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,King Arkus,Awesome game just don't buy the season pass or any of the DLC as all the DLC weapons and extras completely suck a big ole c**k!!!
76561198120558278,Recommended,239140,15708781,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mr. Bear,"I recommend this game to anyone that breathes and to anyone that was expecting so much more from Dead Island. This is by far, one of the best zombies games out there to date, with its gorgeous graphics and its smooth and addictive gameplay, you'll find yourself lost into the game's world for hours on end. The story may not be the greatest out there, but even with the forgettable storyline to the game, the actual zombie killing, parkour and scavenging throughout the cities is where the true beauty of this game begins to show itself. 10/10 will play this for another 1000 hours."
,Recommended,239140,19372118,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mohnkey,"Gra genialna, jedna z najlepszych w jaką mogłem zagrać. Bardzo dobra grafika, ciekawa fabuła choć ogólny zarys bardzo schematyczny, super się gra; bardzo grywalna. Polski dubbing wbrew pozorom nie jest tak zły. Jedyne minusy: trochę droga(jak na rok od premiery), wymaga dobrego sprzętu, mimo wszystko dubbing zbyt obsadzony nastoletnimi głosami. Świetne mechanizmy i animacje parkouru, odczucią są dosyć zbliżone do tego w prawdziwym życiu.Edit: Niestety dodatek, mimo że ma nowe bronie, a przede wszystkim samochody, psuje prakour (nie ma go praktycznie wcale), a fabuła jest zrobiona ""na odwal się"", bardzo nieścisła. Jest przynajmniej wreszcie jakiś wybór, czego brakowało w podstawce, ale jest on średniawy.Podsumowanie: Jedna z najlepszysch survivalowych gier, najlepsza jeśli chodzi o ""brutalną kreatywność"". Najlepszy ""symulator parkouru"" i jedna z najlepszych gier o zombie.Serdecznie polecam.Ocena:9,5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14873247,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,18T220,"Best fun I've had all year, Just great gameplay and the best zombie game I've played. 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,20850723,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ladders,My favorite game of all time :D <3<3
,Recommended,239140,24361391,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ser0Ram1x,10/10 would definitely build a wall against South America again
,Not Recommended,239140,14559460,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Megajunn,"Even tough I have played this like million hours, I still have to say this game has many problems. If game crashes like 100+ times - it's just a BAD game (for example take a look how many bugs they needed to fix with their first patch and yet - it's not all). All that tweaking and stuff won't change a thing. I even can't imagine how AMD people cant take that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have two overclocked 780 ti running on sli - powered by 6 core i7 and massive 32gb of ram.This game is just beautiful and that's all.If you try to complete the achievements then you realize that game map is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ It won't show what you have done and what you haven't - for example completing the quarantine zone it will just disappear - and later when you are like ""Hmm there is like two more but i can't remember if i have visited one of them already"" - same thing with other side quests. Bad bad bad! If there would be completed a game map - it would really help people to complete this♥♥♥♥♥♥and let them play other good games.Weapons - pure♥♥♥♥♥♥- after some hours of gaming they look all the same and all that mambo-jambo ""customize"" won't change a thing. Also after breaking several good weapons you are just mad that you have to like buy same♥♥♥♥♥♥all over again.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and balls!"
,Recommended,239140,14201750,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bootyblaster9000,"Dying light is the lovechild of Dead Island and Mirror's Edge, with a sprinkle of Left 4 Dead within it's Be the Zombie Mode.The single player campaign by itself is deeply immersive and fun, but you can also team up with 3 other friends for some co-op action. The melee combat is visceral and intensely satisfying, you'll go out of your way to bash zambi skulls in when you're not incinerating them, impaling them, electrifying them, or blowing them up with a variety of weapon upgrades and traps.There's also a pretty deep three pronged skill tree where you can develop either your survival, parkour, or melee combat skills. The agility tree is particularily interesting giving you a much wider selection of acrobatic maneuvers to help you navigate Harran or run circles around zombies.I've barely gotten into the meat of the game, but even at this point I would highly recommend this title.You can check out my first impressions of the game in this abridged prologuehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lksCO3zagXQ"
,Recommended,239140,35206379,Posted: 25 September,all,Reimu☆rena~,"So, have you playedDead Islandbefore? Well, this is pretty much the same game, but with better graphics.Graphics: 10/10There is always this hidden “rule” that all Triple A titles must have outstanding graphics on release and this one is no exception. The visuals are fantastic even at lower settings, I played this on the Medium pre-set and didn’t notice a single fault on the games’ visuals. This is essentially an ‘upgraded’ version ofDead Islandif we’re just talking about the graphics itself.Story: 3/10It’s not good or should I say it’s “generic”, because that’s what the entire story is, it’s pretty damn generic from start to finish…even the ending (which I won’t spoil), but really you shouldn’t even consider buying this game if you’re looking for a good story.The side quests? I only did 6 of them to increase my points, but they’re the same as most games…you talk to a person, you get a thing for them and you give that thing to get your points. So, nothing special in that department.Sound: 9/10From the voices to the gunshots, it’s on-point 90% of the time. This game also has really nice surround sound that immerses you which most games lack. The only small issue is the soundtrack that plays in the background in some of the missions…they can get quite repetitive/annoying especially if you’re trying to concentrate on listening out for zombies, you can always lower these down or turn it right off in the settings if you want though.Gameplay: 8/10Remember how I said this is likeDead Island? Well, it plays out similarly too, from the quest layout to the weapon blueprints. I’d say 85% of the gameplay aspects from Dead Island was transferred to Dying Light which isn’t to say it’s a bad thing, I’m glad they did it this way as it made everything very familiar and made the game layout easier to understand.Price: 6/10£39.99, that’s how much this game costs. That is a lot for a game that offers a terrible story and borrows a lot of gameplay mechanics from another game. But, if you can look past that, you get a game that has outstanding visuals, great all-round audio and a smooth gameplay experience."
76561198070703853,Recommended,239140,14189995,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MrxBath,"FIRST:The frame rates do dip at times, but keep your drivers updated (as in GPU) and close other apps and you'll be fine.Most of the negative reviews are from people with bad luck/configurations, or picky people that hate games because of film grain or because the prologue is too long.My rig is:GTX 650 Ti BOOST 2GB,8GB DDR5 RAM,4670K 3.4 GHzNot overpowered by any means but I manage almost everything on high.Choppy review as follows:I'm happy to say that it seems to be one of the few games of the past few years that has lived up to the hype (so far)Mirrors Edge, plus the good parts of Dead Island, and a bit of Dishonored feel to itI mean I've only got 2 hours so far, so we'll see if it holds up. I haven't even fired a gun yet.I seem to be avoiding z's more often than fighting the huge mobs of them that litter the town.It's the way zombie survival should be.Now once I craft the shock-machete it may be a different story..You can still do cool overpowered things like craft throwing stars on the go so it's not too blandI personally suggest using a controller for more fluid movement compared to WASD (although jump is mapped to L1/RB which is a little odd but you get used to it.)I'll update the review as I play more, hopefully the game doesn't get repetitive.EDIT 2: It seems the game runs on a semi-dynamic day/night cycle. Some quests initiate certain times of the day, but sometimes it's up to you to not lose track of time before nightfall.B I T C H !"
,Recommended,239140,18553722,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GODonuTella,"*It is absolutely amazing. there can't be a negative review for this one. 10/10 The story is phenomenally good and VERY strong. the graphics are insanely good. the gameplay is absolutely fantastic. everything fits perfectly well together, amazing game, thank you Techland. one againnnn 101/10 10/10ProsZombies meet parkour is surprisingly good funAll the crafting and zombie-bashing of Dead IslandPolished and coherentImpressive next-gen visualsConsNone"
,Recommended,239140,14371415,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Bailo Floke,I can push down zombies from roofs. 10/10 would push againBuy it
76561197970748244,Recommended,239140,14256883,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ZZEZ,"Great game, minor performance issues, no idea why the ""gaming media"" is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it."
,Not Recommended,239140,31736528,Posted: 13 May,all,Sonn,"To begin with the game was sick, it looked good, played well, the parkour worked really well. But the storyline, I don't even know what it was. It was so quick and hollow. There was no real build up to anything that happened and anything that did happen can be seen from a million miles away, and the trailer suggests parts of the plot that weren't even present, unless you go further after getting to 100% of the storyline.The weapons break after a few hits and can only be repaired a set number of times, which gets extremely annoying, but in a way works well as you don't get attatched to anything and have to use your resources to craft new weapons.Overall I didn't like this game, if you're after a funny multiplayer game to mess around on and have £40 spare then go for it, but if you're after a solid storyline and a game that leaves you telling people to get it then don't, in my opinion it was a mistake buying it."
76561198014893376,Recommended,239140,21074108,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,B1RD_/\/\@/\/,"Another fantastic project by Techland. Another zombie slice em & dice em mixed up with parkour gameplay! HOLLA!I mean the graphics, animations, day n night cycle, improved AI, be the zombie mode n lotta great stuff. Devs really, really put a lotta work into it n its payin off. I simply luv the game! Wit The Following DLC comin out n even more great stuff included (250 legendary levels! CMON MAN! XD), i expect to go over 1000 hrs of playtime! Once more, keep doin what u doin, Techland people!"
,Recommended,239140,14192027,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jewfro,"FIRST LOOK: Really great game, crafting, parkour, and bashing in zombie brains. So far its really fun and the coop is something to look forward to (as in I haven't done it yet). Fans of the first dead island will feel like this is to be an epic game! It is less clunky and overall better. You get to craft your fun crazy zombie killer weapons but you don't need to find the annoying crafting benches at odd locations, you can dismantle items for spare parts so you no longer have to find nails when you can clearly see this board with nails in it does in fact have nails. Overall so far I recommend it! After I get more hours than just the prologue (tutorial) I'll add more in depth information. The only negative thing so far is some minor FPS issues, I've seen others having it much more drasticly than me but its not a real bother for me.UPDATE: After running out of things to do by completing all quests and maxing out my levels, which was probably about 50 hours (I would consider that great for single player), I found out they released a fair ammount of free content and had a DLC The Following announced. The day this EXPANSION (Thats right, it surpassed the title DLC) came out I was playing it with a friend in co-op. I have to say it was not expected. They took a complete turn from the tight quarters populated city landscape and turned it mostly into large open fields, however they managed to do this right! They added personal vehicles and a new skill tree, Driving. As per normal with Dying Light these vehicles need parts crafted for them and repairs, which was a huge improvement from the blandness of vehicles in Dead Island. With this Driving tree you can opt for many upgrades on your vehicle, ranging from NOS to a Reinforced Hull. They managed to make driving feel like a progressive improvement right from the beginning, without making the beginning painful."
76561197988618072,Recommended,239140,14232900,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Carver,"Boring to play alone (imo), a TON of fun with friends.Been a long time since I've enjoyed a game this much...9/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,23811169,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,OrangeMungos,"The game is okay, but doesn't really hold up on gameplay. It gets boring really fast. Don't buy it at full price, just wait for a sale to get this."
,Recommended,239140,14198813,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,XFINITY,"No bug.No graphic problems.No stuning load screens.Hard to kill Zombies.Repair and Craft system.Nice story line.Great Voices and Songs.You should trust your insticts.You must think a lot on some quests.Full free Free-roam mod.You should loot and loot for get a better gear,weapons.Nice Characters and funny moments.U CAN BE A f?cking WALKER...I mean zombie.Nice Graphics and Good gameplay.Hard and good boss battles.I mean this game is F*CKING AWESOME JUST BUY IT....OMFG CANT STOP KICKI'N♥♥♥♥♥AND LEME SAY THAT F*CK ALL BAD COMMENTS."
,Recommended,239140,14612318,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,TheHKizzle,"It looks great, even on my laptop (GT 650M and 8 gigs of ram) which is starting to struggle playing the newer games (I cant really run Far Cry 4 for example). The storyline is fine but the side missions really help you get into the game. Well that and roaming around with friends bashing zombies. I highly recommend this game!!!"
,Recommended,239140,15331791,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WintryYapper,"Highly  recommended , you'll die falling from high heights more than dying from the infected"
76561197977570755,Recommended,239140,14523772,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,T/Sgt. Challis [1st RB],"I honestly didn't think this game would be that much fun, so I waited until my friends had a chance to play it. After I got their input, I bought the game. If you wanted me to describe this game, this game is what Dead Island should have been. The world is beautiful, very very few glitches, and the campaign / free roaming is a lot of fun. I actually really enjoy playing this game. If you like zombie survival, kind of a fall out style feel of being able to roam, quests, etc.. I suggest this game. If you're one who doesn't like free roaming, this game may not be for you.Just my two cents."
76561198182949131,Recommended,239140,23867579,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Freak,cool game
,Recommended,239140,20453891,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rayltann Raylvisks,"I Really liked this game!, Dying Light for me, is one of the best apocaliptic game i've ever played!, it's perfect to fortify your friendship with your friends. and that is the best point of this game!. if you do not have this game yet. you must buy it! you'll like it so much. you'll enjoy all the modes available. And more one thing, don't forget to sleep at night, because the night crawlers wants your brain! :D. if you're buying because of this Analysis, just thumbs up this analysis ! and of course. enjoy your purcharse! ;D"
,Recommended,239140,14817311,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,business dog,ay.ya.ya
,Recommended,239140,19220874,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,fight me,pretty good but not undertale
76561197995365210,Recommended,239140,23295656,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,crazymike,THIS is the game Dead Island should have been!!!
,Recommended,239140,14218704,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,It's Sea World,"IMO the game is great! I really feel like the simulation part is great. I wish there were just more things you can salvage and craft. I don't see asian people in the game, makes me cry."
,Recommended,239140,14218773,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Salmon,YES!
76561198085349375,Recommended,239140,15549939,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Commander Eclipse,"I must say I saw the reveal at E3 and was really interested in this game. It takes the best of everything: upgradable weapons that are over the top, open world with smooth parkour, and the perfect blend of ambient horor and jump scares. All in all this is the zombie game that I've been waiting for"
,Recommended,239140,19843953,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kaindracul,It's a fun game.
,Recommended,239140,21090905,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,4nademe,"This game... I'm kind of at a loss for words when I try to explain it. Let alone review it. I find it to be more of an experience than a game, you yourself being thrown into a zombie ridden city where you must adapt and survive in an open-world environment. With many weapons, perks, and arnaments that will aid you throughout the game. Oh, and did I mention... Parkour? A truly spectacular experience that I believe you should definitely try out. Unfortunately I cannot elaborate any further on this as regardless of what I say beyond this point, it will all be opinion-based, and I find that action speaks louder than words anyhow, so go ahead: Give this game a go!"
76561198065685697,Recommended,239140,14582914,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Archiie,"Solid gameplay (New dynamic feats. like parkour added)Great GraphicsGood gameplay progressionFun Co-op with friendsGenerally runs smoothly, sometimes has spikes in many areas, but still runs wellStory is kinda of dull with characters don't really have much character progression and are really cliche. Also, the story really doesn't bring much attention in my opinion. Mostly, won't care about any of the characters besides Crane.*Spoilers* (The last boss fight is just pushing buttons in a cutscene, and you never really get to fight him)Terrible Ending (Granted, not many questions were answered and ended abruptly)Multiplayer (I don't know because I CANT GET IN A GAME) *Need to fix that*6/10 Solo (Good Game)7/10 with friends (Great Game)Would've been better if they focused on the story a bit more and fixed the multiplayer a bit, but overall a good game."
,Recommended,239140,25389980,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Thundurh,"i definitely recommend the game for the following reasons:-graphics-gameplay-story-fpsit does get a little old though running around the same spots, but theres always different encounters with zombies and♥♥♥♥♥♥ okay cya guys rate up!!"
,Recommended,239140,24475176,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Joratox,"The game Dead Island wants to be, it have everything thats needed for a good zombie smasher and a fluid movement system"
76561198166259731,Recommended,239140,24083380,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ViZ,Amazing game
76561197983154023,Recommended,239140,24961242,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mentally The Captain Hero Panda,"♥♥♥♥ing awsoem.DLC: ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOEMJust play this if u love parcour, zombies, fear, and funlooks good and plays nice"
,Recommended,239140,20601296,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Don Everly,"An enjoyable game combining (in my opinion) combat elements from Dead Rising but compressed into 3 individual skill trees, and a somewhat similar questing experience to Farcry. It can be played as a freeroam if and when you choose which means you can take a relaxing break from doing assignments. The world is rich with platforms that you can exploit with your Parkour talents which give you the edge when being chased by hordes of the undead, and lootable crates which you can picklock for top-tier goods if successful with opening them. The main story is decent and is straightforward to follow whilst keeping content unpredictable and you hot on your tails. It has a night and day feature where zombies turn into abominations at night that can match your skill in climbing and running so...it's best to avoid that... but to finish up I'd give9/10. (Strongly reccomended)"
,Recommended,239140,18557100,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,☆XWhitEZaf☆,Run Boy Run
,Recommended,239140,19930550,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Aimer,getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at 1st night by parkour zombie..solid 5/7  would go at night again
76561198017488849,Recommended,239140,17176434,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Lemon.,"I recomend this 1st person zombie game to people who like zombies games its action packed, challanging,scary and fun well worth the money hope to see you ingame----Carcharodon_Carcharias."
,Recommended,239140,15505692,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Goose Gun,"Its been 2 months since I stopped playing Dying Light.  Having time to reflect on the experience I can say that it was very immersive and would say its the next level of games.  I'm 33 and started playing at CounterStrike 1.6 so I've played more games then I'd like to admit.  The story starts off with a creative entrence to the infected area, from there you learn different skills to taking down your adverseries and completing tasks or quests if you'd like to call them that.  Some games the tasks seem very tedious but this game not so much.  Any where you go the park core skills make your travels fun and enjoyable.  The 1st half of the game I was grinding through leveling skills, doing side quests, and enjoyed every main story line there was.  The park core element of the game made you feel like there were not map restrictions like with most games, you could climb go run anywhere you want, which ultimately helped you feel like you were immersed in a story and not playing a game.  The 2nd half of the game introduced some new very exciting elements being in more of a urban london type feel setting, by then you should be a master at taking down your foes.  Some of the quests you get sent on start to get a little tedious but they arn't to bad.  Most of the leveling that affects your play style happens in the 1st half.  On a scale of 1 to 10 rating the 1st 1/2 of the game id give it a 9/10, the second half I'd give a 5/10.  The ending was perfect although bitter sweet and I wish the experience would continue.  Looking back this is definitly a buy and I would recommend this as a first person shooter with fun and interesting story line.  if you like zombie books like World War Z you will love this game."
76561198163556663,Recommended,239140,15497416,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,alexkestner00,Ran into a survivor fighting off 2 walkers. Threw a molotov. Only set fire to survivor. Threw propane tank into the fire. Killed the walkers. 10/10 would burn again.
,Recommended,239140,15503206,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,iWr4tH,"For someone who can't stand the overdone zombie franchise,  I wasn't sure if the game was going to be my style or not. It was obvious though that the game had a few things different about it, and it sure does. Awesome game and good story line."
76561198079639915,Recommended,239140,15498363,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,GooPunch510e,"Having only played Dead Island for about 30 minutes and not really liking it, I was skeptical at first when I bought this game but I bought it based on the high amount of praise it was getting.  I was not let down at all.  The fast paced gameplay and amount of times I've ran for my life make this game a thrill to play.PROS-Game is fast paced.  You run around smashing zombies in the face.  Need I say more about that?-In constrast to just all out brawling, you can choose to play more stealthy... especially at night.-Talent trees are perfect.  Nothing goes to waste.-Beautiful world... in the sense that a lot of work went into the detail of textures... and the world is a mess... :D-The difference between Night and Day is amazing.  Night play is challenging and intense.-The weapon variety is vast and the game doesn't waste your time with grinding for hours on end... there is always a way to upgrade.-Generous amount of side quests with great stories, some comical, some sad...-Voice acting is great!-Online play makes the game even more fun!  Matchmaking is a quick way to join others for quests that are too hard or for strength in numbers at night... while being hunted.CONS-When playing Be The Zombie, I experienced disconnects frequently when initially trying to invade player's games.  Once I got past about 5 minutes of disconnects things ran smoothly and this was no longer an issue.-I almost had a heart attack a few times throughout the game.In conclusion, get this game.  IT. IS. WORTH."
,Recommended,239140,14267293,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DocoMoro,It's the best survival zombie game!
,Recommended,239140,18513861,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DragãoTK3,cool game. but it is only for really strog PCs i have a GTX770 and used the recomended settings for it. but my game crashed and was about 20 fps and even in the worst quality it crashed.
,Recommended,239140,32647963,Posted: 22 June,all,Cliff Note,"Dying Light is Dead Island after getting smacked by the puberty truck. Tons of similar mechanics, but refined and expanded upon. Rewarding crafting, enjoyable exploration, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuff to do.The story is engaging if you pay attention, filled with the usual tropes of a zombie apocolypse, and there are plenty of interesting side quests, all with full dialogue.The leveling system is rewarding, giving you experience for literally everything, such as climbing up things and killing zombies. There are a lot of RPG elements in it, such as unlocking new skills and crafting recipes that allow for different play styles.My one complaint is the price. I do not recommend picking it up at 60$, as it's several years old now. If there's a sale, it's 100% worth it.Also, the developers have recently promised a full years worth of free DLC, so it's important to note that the game developers are still active."
,Recommended,239140,23538871,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,randybutternubss,"Its my new favorite game,THANK YOU TECHLAND,LOVE SIAMESE =DDDDDDDDDD 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 I HAVE SO MUCH FUN"
,Recommended,239140,17677992,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Masabyy,"This game is awesome! i highly recommend to buy this! I hope there will be many contents in the future and other stories.positive:- amazing open world to discover.- alot of weapons to find, upgrade and craft- the night hunter mode is amazing, pretty tricky sometimes- the parkour is the number #1 in this game. Many movements can be made- fun to play with friends.  but even more fun at night!- killing a zombie looks pretty realistic in my opinion. lots of blood.negative:- you can fix your weapon only 3 times and then cant be used. i hope they  will add craft items in the future updates to fix your weapon again.- more guns should be added becouse theres only 2 different assault rifles and 3 pistols if i remeber correctly.- as i said, the night hunter mode can be pretty tricky so it would be fun that there would be not only one, but TWO night hunters at same matchmaking.- the story was awesome! but not very long... it would be awesome if they would add second story or something to keep the mood on!- more special zombies should be added. i dont mean that these zombies arent`t hard enogh. believe me they are... but if there was more special zombies it would be awesome to make some challenge to the game :)That was my review to this game. although the negatives. you should buy this game. i think it should be: Game Of The Year 2015"
76561198072636179,Recommended,239140,32864530,Posted: 27 June,all,TheFinest,nice
76561198084894372,Recommended,239140,21607383,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,✅Rhino✅,One of the best games i have played in a very long time.
,Recommended,239140,31980616,Posted: 26 May,all,egg,"Dying Light is a great game, with tens of hours of content. Dying light the following is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why add cars into a great parkour game? Why? Nobody knows."
,Recommended,239140,14633242,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sir Loko skinhub.com,"This is a really unique game, even thou it has elements you've seen in many other games, let me tell you about them.The freedom to move in this game is remarkable, parkour makes it fell awesome to go from one place to the other, reminds a lot of Mirror's Edge, but with more freedom.The combat system is a lot like Dead Island, if you've played it you will be very familiarized with it, if you liked it you will like this one too. One thing I feel should be pointed out is that zombies are not a compliment to fill the game with something, they are actually dangerous, even the biters can kill if you don't be carefull, so you can imagine what the night zombies will do to you, they'll kill in seconds and you will have barelly any time to react.The graphics are great, animations are smooth, cutscenes are very well made, sound is good.The story is great, it has a pretty cliche ending, but only that, all the rest is great, it makes you feel involved in the character's cause, it has many remarkable characters wich you also get involved with and start to like them and want to help them. The protagonist is very well interpreted and very well voiced, like most main characters, some less important characters are a little meh voiced, most are ok. It is a great experience to play through the whole story with good friends, you WILL have a lot of fun.The game has a good playtime between main quests and side quests, it has a vast amount of side quests, some are more challenging than others, specially night missions.It has a great amount of weapons and crafting makes it even greater, it has a weapon improvement system wich lets you add an improvement to your weapon to increase it's stats, like durability, power and handling, but all weapons have a limited amount of repairs, after this limit has been met they're as good as crap and can't be repaired again, wich not so cool in my opinion, but still realistic.Now dem easter eggs, it has so much easter eggs you won't need any when easter arrives, there are some very great ones and most are very creative and funny, others are just references to other games.All in all, this a great zombie slashing parkour game, I'll give it a 9.6/10, totally recommend, a must have if you like slashing zombies.Good night and good luck."
76561198048309105,Recommended,239140,14208513,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Vineuro1996,1 word: Amazing
,Recommended,239140,26187065,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,funeral arrangements,"However, of these, such as a city, desert, until a light Harlan muriendo sad, zombies do not wet the top - to make life more perfect, Mi Qiesuo - the game world is open. This Kupanda, sock fun at home, always be creative with them, there must be something. But what was once opened. J FT temptation.At the same time, this is a battle in the struggle for the welfare Ling Chenguang. The amount of the fine for the first time how big it is, the new Riddick ♥♥♥♥ life, and we fall hard. Salto - unintuitively Ngombe, assigned to the button on the console - you can take some time to get used to it. The death of a robber, it may be in many ways. But Akayev speed epinephrine, or - by changing the tension go out at night and burn hazard to safety, and the need to pay attention to the words.After a short time I was moving, even at night, will come Haraki condimentum consequat. A good feeling. Blunting the death of the first man in the world of parkour Kikan years raha is very interesting, in order to reduce poverty, not the fate of the building hated high Harak Harak -Travel flow.One hand, and in contact with them on the success of the fight, he will not lose mziki talion, and New York. But Purozonbi kipengele collect a second tool, it has a serious impact and clumsy, one installed. Low interest rates and the sound of weapons fire, the Mi Qiesuo - Sports Haraki, and longed to change the zombies, you can rest assured that not only the distance, but he found the gun. Oulu light must be able to detect the enemy. A typical file jerk detractors workers, but this is a powerful enemy Furaha not - Harak soft virus - attacks and dodge enemy anymore inch hole is the main driving force msumari partners to learn and use with confidence fashion is to attack the criminals to search, because the demand for weapons team, the planning and how Kill the deadly knife at arm's length to take action to avoid corruption.Even the world's greatest love is a very proud, suddenly died of light. Can last up to 68% in the course of the war, spent over 34 hours. Even more amazing, so amazing crazy enough attention to the right of the spine Wakal guard the hidden history that is infectious. Approx. Therefore, they should not be talked about Mwana If there is a quiet place.I spent most of the time work is the fruit of a detour. Light, of course, in most cases the cable status, in order to determine the factory led, but mziki WA, revenge - kawaida rather listen than an offer, the right can sit down, one, and many people get a job he's some creepy legislative history sooner rather than more. You can shine a light upon humanity to prioritize the most memorable thing was their exploration of the world.This lust - - light, where all good repeatability with a friend, have a single player.Behold, you are ""zombie, monster room for a zip line on Qiesuo ve - the wines, and nymphs, and his friends all over the world Riddick Kuruk kutema soldiers occupied"", also are useful. Power You play the monster that is important in the first place, then, at least two players to compete for a unilateral Mwana Cox's very important to know that it exists.For them. Trump, good visual effects, PC and console version of the adaptation of benefits to control the keyboard and mouse are greater than or equal to. (The controller is, in fact, for their support.) Return to the beginning of the meeting, participants will receive a new light, peace and joy in this Oulu orientation issues, this is not uncommon, especially the hook too many of us use the PC version kiraka ELIT. But sometimes things have to stack humility tatizo. Tatizo PS4 version is similar, but he immediately corrected himself, but the crown of the building, waiting for the PC to stay here.Harak progressive survival horror experience vertical freedom, destruction, Riddick crazy Olum hidden light, to promote the party's strength. Or zombies, yaliyoathirika inches, the story, and find out the quests, it's the most beautiful lamp to be reckoned with in the world open to Cuba was great, 1've that played a memorable Furaha"
,Recommended,239140,14537320,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Edchina,"After playing lots of zombie games, I have to say. Dying Light is definitely the best zombie game to date.Since only a few of you are going to read all this, a quick sum up: BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW. My personal score is 10/10, not something I usually give out. This is definitely the greatest zombie game ever made.First of all, if you have played Dead Island and think this is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ you're mistaken. Dead Island gets repetitive and boring quick, something that does not happen in Dying Light.This is the first zombie game that actually manages to put a very interesting story, characters you actually care for, stunning graphics, awesome mechanics and a decent multiplayer mode altogether.But let's go to what you are looking to read: Pros and Cons.PROS:-Story. It's not the zombie game cliché. The story actually gets you engaged, and I can't wait to see what's going to happen. You feel like you're actually going somewhere and the missions are all epic.-Mechanics. Parkour + Zombie Killing. Whoever thought of this got a promotion. And it's not just a good idea: it works perfectly. It's fun, it works as it should, and it's not boring after 50 minutes (Looking at you, Dead Island). Parkour feels awesome. Ever played Mirror's Edge? This is better. Combat is also incredible. While it's not always wise to engage the undead, it feels pretty fresh and fun. Zombies represent a real challenge when in hordes, special infected are hard to kill but not in a impossible way, and humans actually fight like humans, not training dummies. Weapon system is way better than we have seen in previous Techland games, and you can only really understand what I'm talking about if you play the game.-Gore System. The game knows where you are slicing the zombies; and lives to it. You want to cut off an arm? You cut off an arm. Wanna cut off a head? You cut off a head. Beautiful. All that, plus the slow-motion you get every once in a while, makes zombie killing simply satisfying and fun. You don't even need to complete quests to enjoy this game; grab and axe, sword or whatever and just slay some zombieheads.-Graphics. The game is definitely one of the most beautiful games I have ever seen. Of course, it takes a powerful computer to run in a high quality, but the optimization is also great. My PC is not one of the best, and I am getting 60+fps with most setting on high. Not a problem, though: it looks beautiful even at low settings.-Side Quests and Events. There is so much to do in Harran that you will find yourself playing for hours straight without even noticing. I currently have 40+ hours in-game, and I'm still at 38% story completion. There are side quests people give you, random events that can turn out to be badass quests, or even a random survivor who is trapped and needs help. The main storyline is just another storyline.-Challenges. They are like minigames, and can be found all around the city. There are Combat and Parkour challenges, and most of them are incredibly fun to try.-Exploring. Harran is a BIG city, trust me. Split in sections just like the Dead Island games, you gain acess to different areas as the story progresses. Of course, such potential has to be used. Harran is filled with stuff for you to do and find. Of course Techland woudn't lose its opportunity to put some nice easter eggs all around it...-Atmosphere. This game is all about it. You never feel safe, because you are not. During the day, you don't have to worry too much apart from being careful with zombies and not making much noise. During the night... you are hunted. Not only you have to face everything you face during the day, you have to do it in the dark, when the Volatiles, or ""Nightmares"", come out to hunt...-Soundtrack and voice acting. Both amazing. DO NOT PLAY TRANSLATED VERSIONS OF THIS GAME IF YOU CAN. The developers did an awesome job making all the dialogues, and each feels unique.-Levelling. It feels great to get more and more powerful as you play. Just keep in mind you are still weak. Three skill trees, three different XP bars. Agility, Power and Survivor. Agility is all about free running: you get experience from doing parkour. Power is focused in combat: killing enemies grant you XP, so you can unlock skills so you can kill more enemies to get more XP to kill more enemies. Survivor is... ah, you know. The other stuff. Enhances crafting, looting, speech, gagdets and a lot more. You get Survivor XP from completing quests, events or helping people. All XP points are double during the night. Difficulty, though, is multiplied by 10.-Night gameplay. Feels like a true horror game. Being hunted by Volatiles makes your heart beat like dubstep, and there is nothing better than the feeling you get if you can escape.-Co-op support. Just like Dead Island, you can get your friends to joing your lobby and kill zombies with you. I have never played it and don't exactly know how it all works, but singleplayer already feels great. You can play throught the whole game alone (which is what I am doing, it's my gameplay style) and it just feels perfect.-Crafting. So much stuff to craft! And the vast majority of them feels useful and fun to use.-Drops. Planes will randomly drop stuff for you to use or to help your people. Getting to these crates before Rais' men do so is not so easy, though....=-Sloooow moootion when getting badass hitsCONS:-Bugs. Yes, there are bugs. BUT! They are very rare and most of them are being patched out.-Trading system feels a bit unfair.-Few parkour issues when going down, but I believe these will be fixed soon.-You cannot recover throwing weapons such as Shurikens, even if you've missed.-Grappling Hook is one of the best features ever, but requires some work. When used agains enemies, it has some issues. And sometimes it feels a bit odd. Apart from that, one of the most fun things to do is to grapple around Harran like zombie-killing Spider Man.-Combat stamina should last a little longer...Apart from that, not much to complain. The game feels awesome, and it really looks like Techland put their heart and soul into this masterpiece. 10/10.I'll review the DLCs as they become avaliable.BE THE ZOMBIE PRE-ORDER DLC:4/10.PROS:-You get to be the zombie.-You have tentacles that work like the grappling hook, but you have unlimited use.-Feels like a part of the game. It fits.-You can invade other people's games and hunt them down.CONS:-No singleplayer mode; all you can do alone is to walk around a small area, kill a few humans and that's it.-The idea of invading games is awesome. In theory. Works pretty bad here.-Mode gets boring quick, which may explain why...-... No one plays it. You can't find any matches.Veredict: A mode that has potential, but unused. Seemed like they didn't have much to give out as a Pre- Order bonus, so they just put this into the game and made a big deal out of it. It feels nice to leap and grapple as a zombies, but not after 15 minutes. Please, Techland, do not turn this into Dead Island. 4/10.PRE-ORDER BONUS WEAPON BLUEPRINTS:The Punk Queen, The Constable, The Wrench Kiss. All of them are pretty nice and it was worth getting them. They could be in the base game, thought... I can't really rate this DLC, because it's just a weapon drop. Punk Queen is one of the most fun weapons to use.CUISINE & CARGO MICRO DLC FOR SEASON PASS OWNERS:Adds more Quarantine Zones to the game, each filled with stuff to do and challenges to complete. This does not count as one of the three ""Big"" DLCs planned, this is just a mini DLC bonus, which is something very nice from Techland. Also doesn't make sense rating this one, but it is really good as it adds more stuff for you to do."
,Recommended,239140,20372067,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Himeneko,"This game rly nice, survival and crafting 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,24126559,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SwitNiceNiceNiceNice,Humans cant hunt you if your onFIRE
,Recommended,239140,23085200,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ushie-onlineafter 24.06.18,Long story short= this game is facking cool.
,Recommended,239140,14237639,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sweetooth,Been playing co-op with a friend of mine and it is really fun. The parkour aspect of the game is also really fun. Also for those of you who are wondering about the night time: It's really scary. You won't last very long if you don't know what you're doing! 10/10
,Recommended,239140,30701305,Posted: 24 March,all,Athlon,"A seriously overlooked game, what Dead Island could have been"
76561197964309127,Recommended,239140,14286591,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MadMartigan,I strongly recommend giving this game a look.it has some Cons:heavy hardware requirmentsgame crashescliche story characterpoor multiplayerbut the pros really seem to outway it:intense combatcool freerunninggood leveling systemstory still engages despite being clicheopen map with lots to explorea variaty of fighting styles and weaponsgun are done very wellnight time is scary as all ♥♥♥♥over all the game gets a 7.5 out of 10.  It plays very smoothly and you can easily lose hours at a time playing it.  Its fairly immersive and seems to have a good sense of humor about the zombie apocolypse as well.  Its been getting a lot of crap for being similar to other games and it is.   But while its similar to many games it takes those attributes and makes something decent that stands on its own.
,Recommended,239140,14892994,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,God,"One of the best games I've ever played in my entire life. Just amazing.Update: Just finished the game after 32 hours in 4 days. This game is awesome! I'm really glad I bought this game, worths every penny."
,Recommended,239140,14205661,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jayson,"If you can run it, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,239140,19365857,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,☣ Sc4recr@w ☣,Awesome game! I strongly recommend it!
,Recommended,239140,14471384,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Peakz,This game kinda makes me think like Assassins Creed and Farcry but with zombies!just amazing.
76561198067019784,Recommended,239140,27783832,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,egoseige,best zombie game ever
76561198055691941,Recommended,239140,32601167,Posted: 20 June,all,bertee,"Dying Light is overall a high quality zombie horror survival game. Its use of parkour introduces a relatively new element to a genre of game that has become highly saturated over the years, ie zombies. During the day the game may seem relatively easy, as zombies are slow to react and move as if they are hungover, but night is a completely different story as a different type of zombie becomes more common and especially more aggressive. This usually leads to heart pumping chases through the town of Harran, across rooftops and side streets. The game's story is relatively predictable, but interesting enough to keep you engaged.9.0/10"
76561198198786474,Recommended,239140,33258293,Posted: 4 July,all,Spag Has Some Lag,I had a lot of fun.P.s. im definitley not doing this so i can get a stupid achievment!
,Recommended,239140,32415928,Posted: 14 June,all,Sandorya,"Acho que o ponto mais positivo desse jogo pode ser resumido com a expressão ""crocante"".A forma como as coisas tem o peso certo, os impactos certos, é tudo bem crocante."
76561197987430837,Recommended,239140,14211564,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tymanator,This game is fantastic. And the more you play it the better it gets!   10/10
76561198173732847,Recommended,239140,33440276,Posted: 10 July,all,BubbleButt,This game is so awsome i can play this for days straight without getting tired of it.
76561198264466767,Recommended,239140,29584586,Posted: 30 January,all,Tf2mart.ru Няшка :3,норм игра играть можно баги очень редки сюжетка разнобразна кароч советую .!.
76561197961575651,Recommended,239140,30900661,Posted: 2 April,all,Zarunil,.
76561197984035138,Recommended,239140,30845227,Posted: 30 March,all,Quantum Detective,"This is a fun gamePros:great graphicsgood handlingGood goreexploringgood parkhour mechanicssatisfying killsmany weaponsSomewhat reasonable leveling systemCons:while playing at night is something pretty exciting and frightful, the overwhelmingly powerful zombies made me skip nights all the time. Its not worth the risk, you will die most of the times.The story is horrible.cringy charactersMany useless ItemsMany weapons but many are alikei dislike the main characterearly in game, weapons feel useless. with more experience, a machete gets some satisfying killing done.Meh:Why is there a Crafting system? It SuxA nice game to pass some time. I finished it, was happy with it and have 30 well spent hours.There are several things i didn't do in game but was not really appealing for me.Do the main story or it will get a little repetitiveMight install it again some time and get some killing done"
,Recommended,239140,14758702,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,⎛⎝۞ ۞ ۞۞۞ ۞۞۞ ۞۞۞ ۞ ۞⎠⎞,"love this game, hope they make dying light 2"
76561198120712980,Recommended,239140,28819556,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,Everything that Dead Island tried to be but so much better.
76561198208196096,Recommended,239140,33591729,Posted: 16 July,all,HowItFeelsToChew5Gum,👍
,Recommended,239140,33027389,Posted: 30 June,all,EstebanJulioRicardoMontoyaDeRosa,Sick af
,Recommended,239140,15020329,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Pοτατο/Πατάτα,Awesome game ! But very short.
,Recommended,239140,14214245,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Cheesecake,"This game plays horribly for me, I have a EVGA GeForce GTX 970 SC ACX 2.0, with an AMD FX 6300 Six-Core Processor and for some reason I get horrible lag and frame rate drops. I have to drop the settings down to medium just to get MILDLY good performance, with still noticeable stuttering. It's horrible and frustrating.I love this game."
,Recommended,239140,14214720,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,CAPTAIN_CHRONIC,PRO:-Great Graphics-Makes zombies actually feel like a threat.CONS:-Random lag spikes and crashes tend to happen when i am grabbed by zombies.-poor optimization with modern pcsOverall if they fixed the performance issues many players have described then this would be a great game.
,Recommended,239140,14220648,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ProTox,"Made my way out of the safehouse started to run a bit. AHHH ZOMBIESS!!!!!, they chase i climb, i run from rooftop to rooftop turn to see zombie sprit jump at me, I swing big hammer, slowmo, skin flys off zombies face, and falls bounces his head off a Steel pipe then falls to ground with Awesome Physics. 10/10 would watch zombies ragdoll down a few stories.."
76561198035256476,Recommended,239140,14266712,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,gibson,Imagine if Dead Island was good and had parkour elements.
,Recommended,239140,14207103,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ICEMANE;,"Great Game, Runs great with the R9 290x in 3k resolution, also really fun to play"
76561198065902634,Recommended,239140,14262336,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Demineur666,Realy cool.The parkour is nice.Mirror Edge + Dead Island= Dying Light
76561198178427825,Recommended,239140,23011388,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Boxcat,AMAZING!!!!!! IN EVERY WAY!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,21427878,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CongRATulations,"I bought Dying Light way before the Folllowing and I just wanna say if you were every thinking about this game... it's worth 60 or 80 (I reccommend getting the Season pass because more content has been confirmed) but ya its a great game a LOT of fun Night Hunter for any people who want multiplayer, PVP, custom map, parkour, and more! Great game! I would give it about a 9.4/10!!!"
,Recommended,239140,22919219,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,mgold123,it was gud
,Recommended,239140,28849876,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CDI,Hands down the best zombie game you can buy at this point.Only CON is that there is no confirmed release date for the sequal !!!8=====D --------3
76561198262684084,Recommended,239140,30091272,Posted: 21 February,all,(RP)Edward,AMAZING!
76561198065420942,Recommended,239140,29489451,Posted: 25 January,all,Drawk,"> Create zombie game with crafting mechanics, open world, and fun ragdoll physics> Insert a mediocre, cliche story> Create main character with barely any personality, no interesting quirksAll of the above makes up Dying Light. But hey, it can be scary, and you can drop kick zombies off of high places. Lots of fun if you're not looking for an amazing story and just want to bash in some zombie skulls."
,Recommended,239140,19472471,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dinkleberg,"Where do I start??! My friends and I bought the 4-pack on super sale and paid $15 a piece for one hell of a game! The running and platforming aspect is dang near flawless and extremely forgiving... It makes it feel like you're in more control of where you are going than I've ever felt and when you DO fall and when you DO miss its more than likely your fault. Also, the gameplay and fighting style is SWEET. I love bashing zombies with my melee weapons and debating when and if to use my guns to kill big guys and risk attracting more zombies! 10/10 AMAZING VALUE and awesome game. Well done developers."
,Recommended,239140,24666166,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Maria Auditore,Hi.Thanks for making me  scared to sleep at night without light.Bye.
,Recommended,239140,21559569,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,saze,Apparently I can make a review without even owning the game.
,Recommended,239140,20206357,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Reachy,Play this with other people! hehe
,Recommended,239140,22401178,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Breehze,"This game is actually amazing. From a guy who doesnt really play these type of singer player games i was amazed. I recently got the game and was instantly surprised about how good the graphics were. The parkour is wonderfully down and the fighting is done perfectly. Now i have to admit it can get boring in single player, but if you play co-op this game becomes 10x better. definitely one of my favourite games to date."
,Recommended,239140,22354377,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,iNzaNe-iwnl-,Best zombie game atm buy it if you can tip: there will be some jumpscares but who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥right?! cause we can climb buildings
76561198037252956,Recommended,239140,21750291,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dirt4k,Spiderman with zombies 9/11
,Recommended,239140,24082056,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shadowphazon,Chris Redfield's first person parkour-Dead Rising Adventure
,Recommended,239140,21629198,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Don Pedro,I really love this game. Lots of fun even after completing the main story and there is alot of secret weapons to find.
,Recommended,239140,24201674,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,bringer of doom,i wish that we could get a skill for a dlc for duel weilding it would make the game finsihs well to me cause that is all miss for me and i hope u read this devs love the game good work and i hope if u make it a dlc it is free ◕‿‿◕
,Recommended,239140,24178285,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TJ,Zombies + Parkour = masterpiece!
76561198252673078,Recommended,239140,23489182,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,gay lmoa,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing game, so sad the series has to end :(. Great combat, Great storyline. Highly recomend this."
,Recommended,239140,14778349,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,✪ DaBuKe ^_^,"Awesome game !! If you like action,weapons,parkour and just KILLING SO MANY ZOMBIES !!!-story 9-gameplay 10-movement 10-compat 10=10-             (YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME!!!!)"
,Recommended,239140,15093752,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,POTATO!!,"parkour, killing zombies, awesome weapons and fun gameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,29695187,Posted: 4 February,all,Sir | D |,This game is Great with friends dont play it alone.... :)
,Recommended,239140,29701754,Posted: 4 February,all,TheMiddleEast,Grapple Hook 10/10Gameplay 10/10Crane 10/10Zombies 4/4Wierd guy smoking kush 4/20Towers 9/11
,Recommended,239140,29700112,Posted: 4 February,all,大流士,"Incredible game, better parkour than mirrors edge in my opinion and just amazing fighting system."
76561197970752601,Recommended,239140,18270514,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TikijoeTots,"I like this game a lot. I have to admit that I pirated it when it first came out because there are not many zombie games that I actually like. I played for about six hours and realized I was having too much fun so I started to feel guilty. Anyways, I ended up buying the game and I'm glade I did. Adding in parkour and killing zombies = hours of fun. My only complaints are that the game seemed short, too easy to loot and the stores are kinda pointless. I also wish that there were more missions that forced you to be out at night. The story line is so-so but if you block out what the charachters are saying and make up your own story it can be a lot of fun. 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,239140,14439636,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Lazarus,"This game is insanely fun.Imagine a better version of dead island mixed with assassins creed + mirror's edge.Gameplay-wise, it is very fun. The combat system for the most part is great (metal pipes break basically just as fast as wooden planks, which is stupid). You can't keep weapons forever, eventually they permenantly break. This is good, because it forces you to mix up your arsenal and preserve your better weapons.I love the way you start out weak and slow, and eventually turn into a free-running badass.HOWEVERI actually suggest NOT grinding for experience unless you are having trouble getting through a certain part. When you get to be a very high level, you become overpowered. It makes the game much less fun on a survival standpoint when you can wade through a crowd of 20 zombies with a sword, killing all of them and barely taking damage.I'll update this with more when I finish the game.Overall, I'd definately suggest buying this game, especcially when it's on sale.90/100"
,Recommended,239140,14460480,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,dropthembeats,This Game is by far the best zombie game ive played that runs great looks great :)i have this game for pc and ps4 i love it on both i bought it again  cuz my friend does't have a ps4 but over all i give the game a 8 out 10 amd if you where looking for a game that will drop you right in to the fighting you found iti recommned  this game to ever one and anyone that likes to kill zombies :D
,Recommended,239140,20271154,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jaller,mei kontein som spoilers . ku menin kauppa hakee pahii ja suklaaya ni varahälyti soi... kaks keltast turha xombii tule paikas ljas potkin niit maaha koht vidie tubee. makso 16ekee ni ostin vekee. NARUA PÖYTÄÄN NI voi lassoita zombei maaha ja ölentää eiiiljas ps käykää kuuntelees
,Recommended,239140,14587229,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kiwi,"All of the good things of dead island and none of the bad, with all of the movement satisfaction of mirrors edge"
,Recommended,239140,23183859,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,=2G= Rahbaek™ [clan-2g.dk],very great game just a bad ending i think in the following
,Recommended,239140,20202694,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,willyb321,"Jumped from a tall place onto garbage bags and crane said ""one day imma do this and end  up landing on a bag of rusty knives, I just know it""10/10edit: the following came out and its brilliant."
,Recommended,239140,14209068,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,saagri,You may have heard of an eletric guitar but have you heard of an electric katana?10/10 would create the ultimate instrument of death again.
,Recommended,239140,15547752,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,rektBBQ,Pretty fun story mode. Hopefully they make a sequel.
,Recommended,239140,17243213,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BiasedGiraffe,"Great game, if you're looking for a sometimes challenging, scary and intense game, this is for you."
76561197981682505,Recommended,239140,20160274,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"I really liked this game, except for it's extreme gore and some logic breakdowns that are prevalent in most games these days. I mean, how much gear can someone carry and still sprint past zombies, jump over buildings and smoothly zipline through the air? I think I had 85 ""metal parts"" and over $200,000 in cash on my person not to mention 14 metals weapons in my backpack by game's end. Wow. The storyline is quite good even though a bit expected. But the bad guy, Rais, was really bad, which added a lot. Some really interesting characters sprinkled in as well. Loved the crazy dudes. My hands were sweating climbing up some of those giant towers, vertigo ever present. Good and almost great game."
76561198162801043,Recommended,239140,19341118,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MrBadTemper,Is very fun game good <3
,Recommended,239140,31569547,Posted: 5 May,all,ECYZ,"3/10 I didn't get what I expected.I was hoping to get a game about repairing light fixtures.Instead I got one about zombies, but the 60fps is cool i guess...."
,Recommended,239140,20018251,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sif,I'd love this game but my PC can't handle it well enough so I decided to refund it. But as soon as I get a new PC i will definitely buy this again :)
,Recommended,239140,19156601,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,cap'n,11:06 AM - David Smith: if the lights dying put a battery in it
,Recommended,239140,18840887,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Psajmon,"This game is one of the best games i have ever played. The story mode is very good, and i like the fact that it is a parkour game.Gaben4ever give birth to my children.Even though  you didnt make the game en HL3.You are still my man. kiss me .love from Simon and kralle.Jesper er ikke en homo. det er syndt for ham."
76561197997251731,Recommended,239140,18793310,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Miguel,"If mama aint happy, NOBODY happy!"
76561198049620632,Recommended,239140,18227046,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,wazza,"Its like a bunch of people sat down and said ""Hey what makes zombie games bad"" and literally put NONE OF THOSE THINGS IN.GOTY 10/10 I just played it for 8 hours straight and didnt notice."
,Recommended,239140,17107229,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Theus,Better than Dead Island!
,Recommended,239140,17779532,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,50Chainz,"One of the best games i have ever played, Amazing graphics and story. While not being too scary it still had some intense moments. The best thing about this game is that you can do whatever you want, no invisible walls or blockades. want to chop of a leg? do it, want to chop off an arm? do it. Loot for gear, level up your three skill trees, jump around meanwhile splatting some heads, save survivors, take air drops, theres just an endless amount of things you can do in this game. I recommend buying it, Soz for bad grammar."
,Recommended,239140,17824876,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Shadowskills,"Straight outta Compton, crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named Ice CubeFrom the gang called ♥♥♥♥♥z With AttitudesWhen I'm called off, I got a sawed offSqueeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled offYou too, boy, if ya ♥♥♥♥ with meThe police are gonna hafta come and get meOff yo♥♥♥♥♥ that's how I'm goin outFor the punk ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that's showin out♥♥♥♥♥z start to mumble, they wanna rumbleMix em and cook em in a pot like gumboGoin off on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like thatwith a gat that's pointed at yo♥♥♥♥♥So give it up smoothAin't no tellin when I'm down for a jack moveHere's a murder rap to keep yo dancinwith a crime record like Charles MansonAK-47 is the toolDon't make me act the mother♥♥♥♥in foolMe you can go toe to toe, no maybeI'm knockin ♥♥♥♥♥z out tha box, dailyyo weekly, monthly and yearlyuntil them dumb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s see clearlythat I'm down with the capital C-P-TBoy you can't ♥♥♥♥ with meSo when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duckCoz Ice Cube is crazy as ♥♥♥♥As I leave, believe I'm stompinbut when I come back, boy, I'm comin straight outta Compton"
,Recommended,239140,20212704,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MubbelDacka hellcase.com,Parkour with zombies! My 2 favorite things. I love it (even though i can only play it at 25 fps)
,Recommended,239140,21066430,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ks me,Best zombie game :)
76561198133147494,Recommended,239140,28697674,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mickiemoose,This game is freaking hot.Heres how my experience started out.1. I do the normal story2. I see a female zombie wearing a bikini and her boob is about to pop out3. I beat her with a plank of wood because she reminds me that i will never see a real boob4. I explode her head with my plank of wood and rethink what I have done5. I go to jail6. I drop the soap and can now fart without any noice7. I convert to islam8. I write a dope review in jail andlove this game.
,Recommended,239140,17250123,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,optimusD32,Best zombie game there is right now!
,Recommended,239140,17243339,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TechnicolourPirate,Brilliant
76561198194329698,Recommended,239140,19993613,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RalphBecker,"Well.thats time for a reviewP.S This is +- TypeGood sides Of the game+Amaizing atmoshere+Great multiplayer+A lot of weapons and modifications+Game changing when the night starts,zombies getting more powerfull,its dark everywhere one wrong step and you are dead+Excellent storyAnd now something bad-Bad graphics-♥♥♥♥♥♥ fighting system,i dont feel a power of hitting someone whis crowbar in headConclusion:Great hardcore game will take a long time you should buy itGood night,Good luck"
,Recommended,239140,18816303,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,thomasbarber900 kickback.com,amazing game
,Recommended,239140,33189893,Posted: 3 July,all,Zerkalp,Best Game
76561198159930753,Recommended,239140,32882846,Posted: 27 June,all,ArnorMcBiscuit,this is the best game ive ever played in my life. this game deserves rating 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
76561198313898301,Recommended,239140,32686559,Posted: 23 June,all,Captain Lars,Awesome parkour open world acopolypse survival game to playReally amazing Even when the game is over u still can lvl up ur charecterto upgrade a skill u want called legend 10/10 would buy againBecause i already bought this game 2 times pc and ps4
,Recommended,239140,14437037,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MoreBuckets!,Assasin's creed and Dead island had a baby
76561198028974646,Recommended,239140,14263863,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Surexd,"This game was great.Graphics , Fabulous  10/10Sound , Good sometimes suround fcks up. 6/10Gameplay , 8/10it was a fun to play game , you had your scary moments and ur action it was best game So far :)10/11 Hours of campaign time , and then u got all the side quests.Have funI loved it!"
,Recommended,239140,14310752,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Metapod,Pressed playWalked outsideWatched a zombie break through a shed door and eat meFlipped backwards10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
,Recommended,239140,14275427,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Komu,Co-op is awesome.
,Recommended,239140,19290288,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,apples,Dying of the Light with Nicholas Cage as the protagonist
,Recommended,239140,14351352,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,KatzZero,Gráficos magníficos e jogabilidade incrível... um dos melhores que já joguei ... fantástico.
76561198046855971,Recommended,239140,14365393,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,galasdali,best zombie game in years
,Recommended,239140,14411430,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,GodIsGood527527,This game is a whole lot of fun to play. This game would be way more fun playing with a friend.
76561197970362953,Recommended,239140,14417225,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MAGNUM,Great game if you have a good rig. If you are struggling to make even recommended spec then I would suggest wait until the game gets more optimised.
,Recommended,239140,14340876,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Zellar Nyte,"Yeah at first the game had its issues with crashing, however now that it is fixed.  I can't really find a reason to not like this game.  I really enjoy just smashing zombies with my friends.10/10 would chop off more heads."
,Recommended,239140,14399794,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,the Juice,do you like dropkicking things ?come with me friend10/10 dropkicking simulator
76561197992051212,Recommended,239140,14410755,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,geneox,"I had lots of fun in single-player doing parkour and killing zombies. Main storyline was ok and the side missions seemed interesting but sometimes repetitive. I also enjoyed the ""runner"" and ""killer"" challenge missions. I used guns as my primary weapons to draw more zombies to me to make things more interesting during openworld missions especially at night. The environment was detailed and night time missions always had me on edge."
,Recommended,239140,14410757,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lolu,Dead Island 3
,Recommended,239140,14411669,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,WiFiPoop,Its K..
76561197967873495,Recommended,239140,14412125,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,FRESH CLOTHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,Freaken incredible!
76561198070565640,Recommended,239140,14412619,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Macabe,10/10 would get bashed in the face by a 2 ton boulder by a zombie on steroids again.
,Recommended,239140,14416856,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KOR4Y,performans problemleri hariç güzel oyun
,Recommended,239140,14416888,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DankG0ober,"Good game, gameplay, fighting and so on.BUT!the bossfight...is not even worth doing. Just cinematics where you have to hit certain movement keys to complete the boss fight.Ending sucked♥♥♥♥♥Just dont do the end game quest and you'll love it"
,Recommended,239140,14419856,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Longrod Bon Hugandong,"A truly amazing game, totally worth the money.I personally had so much fun on co-op with another friend.Had alot of fun but ending is a little poor."
76561198012531965,Recommended,239140,14421794,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,GHOST,what an awesome game! totally addicted! the only thing i dont like about this game is the optimization is a bit off... the rest rocks!
,Recommended,239140,14427269,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,crouton,i joined my friend's game and i procceeded to fall hundreds of feet to my death 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14427971,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Milk Crates,"If you can run it well, definitely play it. It's a mix between fallout/dead island/mirrors edge and more. I LOVE it."
,Recommended,239140,14428675,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Khazm242,"A great mix of elements from Farcry, Dead Island and Mirrors Edge. Do all the side quests and this game could keep you entertained for hours"
76561197992159424,Recommended,239140,19884706,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Stealer,"Really enjoyed this one. Wasn't expecting a huge amount as I'm not really a fan of dead islands, turned out to be a right gem :DGraphics are sweet, tunes are atmospheric. Some of the settings/scenarios were really spooky and the balancing on small ledges facing iminent death had my heart rate going. The parkour element of the game really makes this awesome, especially when you've levelled up a little and are running through darkness with some volatiles hot on your heels. Everything combined in this game just works soo well, really impressed. Crafting system is very useful and not running out of space for the bits you collect is awesome. Highly recommend it; especially in a sale.Gameplay is about 50 hours for the story and side missions, I still have some acheivements to get and quarantine zones to do and some challenges. I wouldn't pay more than £20 for it, but I'm a total cheapskate and pick all mine up in sales :D"
,Recommended,239140,14411730,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Gunslinger,"Dying light is a fantastic game, especially when played in coop. A friend and i completed the game from beginning to end without any major issues. If i had any complaints they would be:cons:1) the beginng tutorial is frustrating, boring and a turnoff. That being said, Im glad i powered on through it because the rest of the game is fantastic, especially if you enjoy Skyrim, Fallout or obviously, any of the dead island games.2)My second complaint is the fact that there is no difficulty setting and the base difficulty is too easy (something that can be quickly remedied by downloading the Super Aggressive Zombie mod).A few things that stand out from playing:pros:*satisfying melee combat*traps ranging from spikes to elecrtic fences and car bombs*xray bone crunching when using blunt weapon/limb dismember and slashes when using bladed weapons*terrifying night missions - use of flares and UV light makes night missions tactical and suspenseful*good rpg-esque elements - pretty interesting skill tree*awesome parkour*lots of exploration and secrets"
76561198084079511,Recommended,239140,14411977,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,pressure☯KING,Open world + Zombie. What a sweet combination
,Recommended,239140,14424631,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Melkaba,BEST GAME EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR
76561198041164859,Recommended,239140,14426550,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ghost,"This game righ here, you will just love it, buy it!! is worth every penny!!"
76561198057313502,Recommended,239140,14426759,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,novice_brewsmith,"Surprisingly good.  Doens't like AMD hardware so if you run Intel/Nvidia you will get good performance. I think the gameplay is absolutely great.  I find myself trying to avoid zombie with the parkour skills more so than fighting.  Although, throwing a primary weapon into a zombie skull has a certain satisfaction to it. The visuals are nice, mostly solid textures, great lighting, nicely designed open world.  Oh, and the night time is super intense, almost survival horror.But that story, and that writing.  Holy hell. The story is forgettable, the writing is mediocre, the characters are boring.But man, playing the game, super fun."
,Recommended,239140,14428548,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,tnx 4 elo,"Game is very addicting and fun to play. First DLC is a let down, but the other two seem to be awesome."
,Recommended,239140,14429343,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,zerk,yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee boi
,Recommended,239140,14429419,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,V10|@t3R,"good game, I play mostly co-op. graphics are good. I dislike the optimization of the game."
76561197993314243,Recommended,239140,14430733,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ezumin,On release it worked with Crossfire.  On release it supported ultra wide screen aspect ratio (21:9).  On release AMD/ATI cards did not perform as well though.  The following forum post helped make the game playable though...http://www.reddit.com/r/dyinglight/comments/2u2x0d/dying_light_performance_fix_for_multicore_cpus/I also used MSI Afterburner to increase the power Limit to the GPU's as well as forced the fan speeds up.
76561198028753240,Recommended,239140,14320950,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Outlavv,"First impression: The main menu seemed very high quality (a good sign). This game caught my eye by simply being multiplayer coop in the 2014-2015 era of gaming without friends, so I bought it alongside a buddy of mine.Pros:- full controller support (I use an xbox controller) with very smooth and intuitive controls- solid storyline that all players take part in as 'the main character'- loot is not shared so there is no arguing over loot hogs or other nonsense like that- game is pretty challenging (at least as far as I have gotten)- nights are scary as all f**k  and make you want to alt f4 to safetyCons:- seems to be a glitch where the option to turn off voice chat doesn't turn it off. (very annoying when you are skyping the other players and you can hear them in game as well)- some objectives are missing some easier clues as to how to accomplish them. (frustrating when you can't find the right way to climb something or how to get to a balcony)- the intro chapter is quite long until you can play with your friends. (kind of a tutorial but when you dont give a crap it drags on and on)- when playing multiplayer if one player has the flashlight on all players' flashlight will be turned on after a cutscene/conversation with an npc.Overall rating: 10/10 in the amount of fun I imediately had and continued having."
,Recommended,239140,14374948,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,mísery,Man.. this game right here.. phew!It is a must own.
,Recommended,239140,14378463,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RosaPoonTang,MAkes me wanna poo in a good way
,Recommended,239140,14411827,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,reaper,"Awesome gameplay. Personally although it just took in game mechanics from other games, this game implemented these mechanics so well its worth the price if its just the gameplay you're after. story could've been better though and night gameplay is INTENSE. Just wish the zombie mode would be easier to find other players on... or maybe i'mjust unlucky with it."
,Recommended,239140,14412853,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kahrbon,Yes.
,Recommended,239140,14424538,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Menvrux,"Hell Yeah! Let's kick some zombies out of my way!What a faboulus game! You must have it if you like the combo ""oper word+zombies"".Really fun! I Love this game! buy it, or die unhappy!"
,Recommended,239140,14429630,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SoulDrone,"Very fun game! Takes some tweaking to fix up Fram Rate issues but it is very enjoyable.Beautiful scenery, lots of blood and never the same thing twice.However I think the game could do with more missions/ longer story and stuff"
76561198005001031,Recommended,239140,14396851,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Λ | danne,very good and fun game
76561197965198300,Recommended,239140,14348466,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,jjj,"This game has actually set a new standard for me, I want every co-op FPS game I play now to have this level of Parkour."
,Recommended,239140,14378714,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,itsACoppa,Its good
76561198058069677,Recommended,239140,14385953,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LootJunkieAzza,one problem with the gameITS TOO DAMN EASY
76561198020222068,Recommended,239140,14420761,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Swoez,Is there an easy way to get rid of film grain since you can adjust
,Recommended,239140,14245593,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,HeistGeist,"PRO- beautiful, solid, AAA gameCON- you need about a 1500$ machine to run it."
76561198172192131,Recommended,239140,14349390,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,TheMostFresh,This game is Baller as hell!!!!!
76561198032681130,Recommended,239140,14355926,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Krukkx,THIS IS THE BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED
76561198149531499,Recommended,239140,14377377,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PatrioticCookie,Looks amazingA little buggy but amazing
76561198026396507,Recommended,239140,14386098,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,CHAR SIU FAN,I HATE YOU RICE.
,Recommended,239140,14421909,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MrFizzy,"Great game, but it keeps stuttering and crashing, even though I have the recommended specifications"
76561198008534531,Recommended,239140,14421928,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,zonemagorgo,"Good game, good fun. If you liked Dead Island you will enjoy this, it is Dead Island with free running (which should now be a staple in FPS games, I am running around in others trying to climb everything now.). It is worth buying but the DLC so far isn't. Two missions, an arena and some skins.....the game is fine without these.New DLC is out! Get it!"
76561198044558823,Recommended,239140,14422217,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ogmail,"Even though a hard to run game graphicly, the game's story is okay while the gameplay is what really draws you in, the parkour system is flawless with a huge variety of wepons the game is a blast to play"
76561198136848883,Recommended,239140,14426336,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sgt.Platypus,F*CKIN LOVE THIS GAME<3<3<3<3<3
76561197977922102,Recommended,239140,14377778,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,B R I C K,"A little over an ghour in, so far loving it!  I agree with the sentiment that it's what Dead Island could have been ,if it was much better."
76561198059615358,Recommended,239140,14381768,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Anarche99,great game kinda of deadrising meets state of decay only wish guns where more powerful than hand wepons and had an abilty to silience them at some point. game is fast and hard but alot to do even after u kill rias
,Recommended,239140,14412149,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mist3r11,This is a highly addictive game. Very fun and innovative. The multiplayer coop is fun as well. I recommend this to any zombie lover gamers. ENJOY!
76561197972586057,Recommended,239140,14429420,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,badexample1568,"Great game. I enjoyed Dead Island, but the new Chrome engine is much smoother. Highly recommended!"
76561198114494349,Recommended,239140,14347542,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Prime,but the game has some frame rate issuse's
,Recommended,239140,14351739,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Horizon,"First off, 9.7/10 as well as a short review.The game's story is addicting and completely worth .. Maybe $30, The price is the only bad part about this game, And trust me, this game covers a lot.This game has emotion, This game has fear, For a deep pocket this is an amazing game."
,Recommended,239140,14358119,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,2D,"Zombies dont have health bars, 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,14372028,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Matt0622,The floor is lava the game
76561197989427913,Recommended,239140,14377176,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Dude,This is a great game...if u dont mind the zombie thing...yeah in alot of ways its just most zombie games rehashed here but they did a real good job at implementing it...its alot of fun and the game looks beautiful
,Recommended,239140,14377960,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Miggle,u kill zombies
,Recommended,239140,14421983,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,jonne bravo,sic
,Recommended,239140,14423727,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DeeJits,Gam.Ez gud.Buy it.
76561198048133664,Recommended,239140,14423767,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,acedia,beat the game.....kinda....ehh....yeah not bad not great just.....ehh. Is it worth full price? preformance problems and what not aside......ehh givin that this game will probably go on sale in a few months for what ever steam sale is to come.....not really no. Its a fun game dont get me wrong but its not something super great that you need to drop $60 on right now. Wait for a sale then buy it if you want to. So kinda recommend it if its on sale.
76561198052275010,Recommended,239140,14426006,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Razzy,"The people who made the game do a good enough job advertising the pros, so I'll just list the cons for the people who are looking for why they might not enjoy the game.Cons;-The biggest issue I've had is that some story missions will tweak with your current inventory for story purposes.  While this isn't an issue in itself, (and your gear is put aside for you) the problem is that not all your items will be restored.  It seems to be exclusive to equipped items and weapons, but I've lost rare items as a result.  Until it's addressed, don't take your rare equipment with you on story missions.-Occassional glitches that might lead to you getting stuck in the enviroment.  Happens rarely though, and there's usually a way out.-Exploding zombies that kill you instantly.  Not too many, but enough that they almost always catch you off-guard.-Personal tastes on this one, but I dislike that the variety of melee weapons is bottle-necked based on survivor level.  The issue here is that, unless a lower level player drops them for me, I no longer have access to lower level melee weapon varieties.  I enjoy my katana, but I can longer purchase bats, cleavers, machetes, crowbars, etc, nor do I find them from loot.Those things aside, this is one of the best games I've played in a while.  I'd give it an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,239140,14426596,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jack Duluoz,"Story no so good.  Running very good.  Smash zombie with stick.  Squish, zombie, squish."
,Recommended,239140,14426712,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ScoMacDog,So damn good. Nothing is more satisfying than drop kicking a zombie off a bridge.
,Recommended,239140,14426995,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lost,Loved.. Loved The Main Story Line! Very well done! Had a Blast Playing it solo and with my friend. The only thing I was upset about with this game is that after We finished the main story line the game kinda lost its gusto. I tried being the zombie as well that didnt really grab me like I had hoped it would. All and all though one hell of a game. A blast from beginning to end of the main story! Highly recommend this game. I rarely do.
76561198099742354,Recommended,239140,14427413,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wattsy,"One of the best zombie games i have played in years, very fun with friends!!!!10/10 recommend to anyone who likes cracking zombie skulls"
76561198047623115,Recommended,239140,14427816,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Scorn500,"If you want a world class OPENWORLD, RPG, with ZOMBIES, then this is the game for you! This is the perfect mix of all the positives of FAR CRY, DEAD ISLAND,  LEFT 4 DEAD, with a dash of SKYRIM. A complete on the edge of your se..OH♥♥♥♥♥♥!! I have 46 hrs in and im just half way through. Granted its not a multi hundred hour game like Skyrim but WOW you get your moneies worth and then some. Its been a long time since i enjoyed a game like this with a lengthy story. EnjoySide note if you have the OCULUS RIFT.... awww man!! Since the update this game is OUTSTANDING with the RIFT. no other way to play. A few things you will need to do though. Make a new Profile under the Oculus utility config. i named mine Dying Light, Put in Direct mode, go to advance options and select ""measure"" like you did on initial setup. put the green lines really close to the edge of the blue box. this will help to move the items that are hard to see on the edge I.E. Minimap. Remember to switch back to EXTENDED mode prior to game launch to avoid lockup"
76561198133187670,Recommended,239140,14428481,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,FSNIPER JOHNSON,Love this game so far super amazing graphics runing it with a nividia gtx 760 at 1080p around 50-60fps. Playing with people is extremly fun must also try the zombie mode superb. Get this game see exsactly how good this game realy is.
76561198031345300,Recommended,239140,14429122,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,accel,great game
76561198011710396,Recommended,239140,14429959,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mr. 1/100000,Awesome!
,Recommended,239140,14430039,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SuperNeutral,Constant fun!
,Recommended,239140,14430092,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,señor pp,it's ight
,Recommended,239140,14430134,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,monkey,It was aightEDIT: Great game looking forward on the upcoming DLC's
76561198201063828,Recommended,239140,14432128,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Nani,So much fun. With only 50% of the main story completed I have 62 hours logged. I can't wait for DLC's.
,Recommended,239140,32440556,Posted: 15 June,all,Raptor,10/10Best game of zombie
,Recommended,239140,14419601,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cool,"I had a lot of fun playing this game.  It ended rather quickly but there are tons of side quests.  The graphics/sound are awesome.   Dying Light tests you're abilities and makes you think.  You will die, ALOT; But its tons of fun.  My only real downside is that it ended too fast....I felt left hanging....... 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,14420931,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sky,Great Game Great Lunch Good Luck Good Night 8.5/10
,Recommended,239140,14429652,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Medieval_pc™,Awesome Game!!!
76561197960486988,Recommended,239140,14409355,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DuStU,Official reviewers are haters because they got their copies on release day. Check the reviews of other people playing the pc version of the game and you'll see for many that this is the best zombie co-op campaign game experience to date. The replay value is high too! I will echo this statement said by many..... This is what Dead Island was supposed to be. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,20168398,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,xicro the spirit of SU,"This game a ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying. If I am currently doing a mission and it turns night time whilst doing so, you bet your♥♥♥♥♥I'm waiting for morning. This game is that good. Volitiles are the scariest thing I've ever seen in a horror video game thus far.Tip : Don't go out at night.9.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,14487432,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Pablo,"This game is just amazing, it's like Dead Island with the freedom of Assassin's Creed.  9.5/10 Would recommend."
76561198001095245,Recommended,239140,14490170,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,주의 - VIP / BlackJack,"Awesome game.Took my time playing through not only the main question but side missions to help develop the story and situation more.Good game to play through, though after beating the game it just thats it kind of idea..But overall i would recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,239140,14378568,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,travelingdaz,"Good take on the FPS, RecommendedGood story to follow,Scary as hell in FPS mode at night being chased by superfast zombies,Or just get your head down in a safe house and fast sleep till morningMy current favourite Game on steam"
,Recommended,239140,14381755,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Trothgar,This Game is Really Cool Realistic Parkore Fighting Zombies Like Dead Riseing ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up yeah Drop♥♥♥♥♥♥da ♥♥♥♥♥es
,Recommended,239140,14397301,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Perma Hexx,This is what Dead Island should have been.  Great game.
,Recommended,239140,32715590,Posted: 24 June,all,ASingleSnail,you kill zombie and run fastgood game
,Recommended,239140,22300707,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,e*p,Threw a molotov at a crying child 10/10
,Recommended,239140,19576353,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ploots,pretty dank
,Recommended,239140,14283259,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Englar,I recomend everything in this game up until the ending.  The final boss area is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because quick time events.  Other than that game is good
,Recommended,239140,14429884,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OnyX,"Best Zombie game IMO,If you liked Dead Island you wont be able to put this game down. It's simply amazing. every time i play i find something new and exciting that amazes me. Great Game.10/100.000069/10 would uninstall."
,Recommended,239140,30542952,Posted: 16 March,all,Filthy Peasant.,i dropkicked a guy off a roof on top of another guy and both their heads exploded on impact. today was a good day 9/10
76561198197278233,Recommended,239140,33775867,Posted: 24 July,all,DANTE,Amazing game
,Recommended,239140,20207346,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr. Universe,"Hands down the best zombie game I have ever played. Awesome story, great graphics, side missions, not to mention some of the best voice acting I've ever heard in a game. You will absolutely not go wrong getting this, seriously."
76561198003988085,Recommended,239140,14202725,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Orbital667,"Finally, a good game that works on day 1.  After 11 hours amd over 55 km traversed, I can testify to this game having solid parkour, tight combat and an immersive atmosphere.  Of course you will eventually start to see repetition in the environment after the first 5 hours or so, but the attention to detail is overwhelming.  There aren't too many games that will keep me engaged for 12 hours straight.  The last time I got this sucked into a game world was probably Skyrim.Just when I thought I'd had it with zombie games.I get around 45fps at 1440p on ultra settings, motion blur off and antialiasing off.  It's pretty game for sure.  I fully expect this game to frustrate many a slightly dated gaming rig.EVGA GTX 980 SCi7 960 3.2GHz12 GB DDR3 RAM512 GB EVO SSDWIN 7Latest Nvidia WHQL drivers."
76561198035633207,Recommended,239140,14844641,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ok,7/10 IGN too much water
,Recommended,239140,18872914,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BERRY,"How To Make A Taco:Directions1 Cook beef in 10-inch skillet over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until brown2 Stir salsa into beef. Heat till boiling, stirring constantly3 Heat taco shells as directed on package. Serve taco shells with beef mixture, lettuce, tomato and cheese."
,Recommended,239140,14506605,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Enochsend,"overall 11/10... probably my second favorite game of all time, if it had sandbox mode it would be...yes this game can be difficult, yes this game is very heavy on a computer, yes it has some small bug's, no its not CoD, any questions?elaborated:yes, this game can be challenging... there are literally thousands of zombies, the zombies have poor intelligence but they have hive mind... and when the sun sets? well... run boy run :Pyes it takes a whole lot of PC to play this game right... most players complaining do not meet the minimum requirement's, and many of those that do also probably have malware... my PC does not meet the requirements(CPU Phenom 2 x4 945) and i can still play this game just fine most of the time... i do have pretty bad FPS in some scenario's though, but it is to be expected...yes it has bug's... they are not game breaking, nor common... name a single peice of software that doesn't...no, this game is not CoD... it does not hold your hand, it does not offer autoaim, it does not pretend your character is invincible...pros: everythingcons: no sandbox11/10 for every categoryTLDR; buy the game and enjoy"
76561198105628870,Recommended,239140,14364461,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,TheBostonBomber,"If you have an AMD system or AMD GPU's wait to buy this game.  Looks great, concept is great, optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥for AMD. Have the r9 290, getting about 45-50 fps dropping down to mid 30's at some points.... I really do wanna play this game, but I just can't because it is not optimized... So I'll have to wait on this one.  I'll still recommend the game, however keep in mind AMD users, your gameplay wont be optimal."
76561197982448052,Recommended,239140,21119018,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,McCracken,Glad they expanding this game. great base. seems lots they can do with the story and the game. wow. great buy....
,Recommended,239140,21119341,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,End_Bringer,"Lots of fun in co-op or single player.  Very realistic action and world detail. I'm afraid of the dark, night time is really scary as it should be!"
,Recommended,239140,14391204,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,St3amControll3R,9/10 Looks7/10 Gameplay (Bugs/Glitches)8/10 Weapons/items4/10 controls (Could have been better)10/10 muiltiplayer (Connection = Good)
,Recommended,239140,14751635,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,RazGrriZz,"Zombies, Crafting your own weapon, what else u need? Epic FuN"
,Recommended,239140,19164432,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,~TG~ ✪Swap,The best zombie game to date other then dayz. where the hell is the second game!
,Recommended,239140,14279929,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,lamboni,Best game of 'the floor is lava' created.10/10
,Recommended,239140,14286734,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dizzy,One of the best Co op games by far.It runs very well VERY WELL!
,Recommended,239140,14429312,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Leviathan,"A very well polished, violent, first person slasher zombie game. This is highly atmospheric. The animation style is more appealing than Dead Island to me."
04511253298462562,Recommended,239140,14478166,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cagedboss,"wanna vault of a zombie onto a roof then jump off into a drop kick into another zombies face? well here yeah go you can do that. good graphics, fun gameplay, and a fair story so far i have mostly been running about having fun rather then the story but if your not tired of zombies yet. I strongly suggest this....think dead island but better."
,Recommended,239140,24048288,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RizeN,Parkour. Zombie. Survival. RPG. Open World. ... gameDank MemEs
,Recommended,239140,33488669,Posted: 12 July,all,★SprinklesYT★ツ #N00B,It was really fun the first 100+ hours and then i had nothing to do but theres always side quests that will make it fun again! :D
76561198062270707,Recommended,239140,14344601,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hello Gais,AAAAMMMMMMMAAAZING GAME would buy 100 times over
76561197973668406,Recommended,239140,14344594,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Topgun™,Was doing a mission.. Was on an antenna... get the call night time is coming... (contimplate wether to finish the mission or head back to the safehouse) F**k it I finish.. night falls... thinking about waiting till morning real game time because i'm too scared to go down through the night. I go down and haul♥♥♥♥♥back to a safehouse meanwhile being chased my freakishly atheltic zombies just dying to rip my face off.... I make it back when everything was said and done I didnt realize how tight I was clinching my butt hole from the pure fear and adrenline rush this game gave me... literally had nightmares the next day 10/10 top 3 games I ever played in my life and I been gaming since i was 10.. im 25 now
,Recommended,239140,14344717,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Thefinalclue,"Killed friend with exlosive propane tank 5 minutes in 11/10 + then died myself to a oil tank next to me 15/10Would blow up again.Seriously though, amazing game if you have the ability to run it.Need higher end setup, (I'm using a gtx 980 and getting 37 fps at max graphics)"
76561198097901875,Recommended,239140,14343766,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xavierlolol,gg
76561197995991397,Recommended,239140,23841439,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr.Pickles,"Its a good game overall, the beginning can be a little borring but when you gets startet its really fun, and nights are really something thats scare me lol. There have been other zombie games that is somewhat similar to this like dead rising, but this brings more """"""realisme"""""" into that genre, plus more fun stuff to do, parkour is really fun around zombies.. to give an example to this' every time you run past a zombie standing on the edge of something you just... can't stop yourself from makin some dope stunt on it, and throw, kick etc him over the edge and se it fall - its REALLY satisfacting. Its the first game in a long time btw where i feel that (DIE DIE GO F*ING DIE !!!) feeling when a zombie i had a long fight with falls to the ground and i stomp or hit im in the head, its very difficult to stop but im in general a wush and scared for them to get up again lol"
,Recommended,239140,14667557,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Blaze,"Absolutley love it. Scary at night, espically when you turn the music off and all you hear is screams and running footsteps after you. (oh, and the uncontrollable laughter and giggles of you and your friends on skype.) I recommend playing a makeshift hardcore mode, where you can't buy or upgrade weapons for maximum scaryness. 9/10."
,Recommended,239140,27021430,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sage,JUST F*CKING BUY IT!It's a great game 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14530966,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dr. Tooler cunt,"I have to be honest, this is one of my favorite games of all time. People say that this is just a remake of ""Dead Island"" but I highly disagree, this game is extrememly fun and has high replay ablity even after beating it.=========STORY LINE:=========I beat it at around 20 hrs and the story line was just phenominal! The way that the charecters actually have an affect on you is just amazing and the way you feel about the villians make you want to see it through to the end.=========GAMEPLAY:=========The game run at a smooth 30-60 fps constantly and it feels like a polished game that has alot of potential and took that chance.========GRAPHICS:========The game runs and looks amazing. But some settings drop the framerate by about 15 fps even with VSync off!Ambient Occulsion makes the game drop 15-20 fps.But even if thats turned off, the game drops fps in lots of areas around the map.My computer specs are:Intel i7 4970k 3.6GhzNvidia GTX 745M 4G VRAM24G DDR3 RAM2TB HDDBut still the game looks great none the less!I give this game a 10/10 this game is amzaing and runs fluently and smooth,"
,Recommended,239140,31432197,Posted: 28 April,all,Masa,"Really good game, good story, good graphics."
,Recommended,239140,33813047,Posted: 26 July,all,SpideroftheBRAAAINZZ!!! [G-Corp],"Great game, lots of Zombies, and it mostly never gets boring killing them.Only problem I have with this game is levelling up Athletics. But that's still pretty doable, and not even a problem!9.9/10"
76561197989589291,Recommended,239140,33820174,Posted: 26 July,all,Feanor,super game ! super fun coop ! i love it !just one thing tho.... steam should drop the price... its ♥♥♥♥ing too expensive.around 30usd should be fine.
76561197986272123,Recommended,239140,14242492,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FriendlyTalents,"Its fun A modern day skyrim/ fallout zombie survival game with hints of far cry. the graphics are great the controls are fine as long as you play with a controler. im still trying to get involved with the story line more im only 20% through the story and its good but im not blown away, but its just another zombie survival story how fresh could you expect it to be from a dead franchise?!"
,Recommended,239140,14510391,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Grease Cat,"Great gameplay, story is not easy to follow and takes some effort and sympathy for the developers."
76561197986628744,Recommended,239140,14222766,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,JohnnyRaygun,"I hadn't really followed the development of this game until about a week before release.  I know there was a bit of drama just before release due to the late  review codes being sent out.  Rest assured, Dying Light is a good game.I didn't like Dead Island as I thought it was very unpolished and buggy when I played.  This made me a bit nervous in taking the plunge.   However, over time I found myself more and more enamored by this game.  The combat is relatively simple but can be in depth in its execution.  You need to have situational awareness as even the simplist zombie can hold you down while others pound on you (also to utilize the terrian to your advantage).   You need to be able to switch weapons on the fly depending on the threat and keep good placement to strike when your enemy is most vulnerable.The gore in this game is something else as well.  You can chop hands, arms, legs, heads off.  You can cut zombies in half horizontally or vertically (left and right or front and back :o).   Very rewarding when you clobber a swarm of zombies, vault over some other ones and keeping the others at bay.  I can't stress enough how simple the concept of combat is but the execution *muah* fantastic!Co-op is also another great feature to the game.  You and your friends can play most of the campaign together (basically all the way up until the very last mission).   My friends and I had a few nail biting moments at night running acrossed a bridge while volatiles chased on.  Chucking IR flares behind us as we parkoured up to our safe house.That being said, there are a couple issues I have most minor.  The biggest is the frame rate.  It isn't consistent and this seems to be a problem a lot of PC users are experiencing.  I, by no means, have an antiquated PC yet sometimes without reason my FPS will drop to 15-20 for a few seconds.    First release problems I am sure it will get fixed.  Another gripe I have is with the ranged weaponry.  There is only 5 guns in the entire game.  American 9mm, German 9mm, Police Rifle, Military Rifle, and Double Barreled Shotgun.  As rich as the melee weapons are, I'd have liked a pump action shotgun, a sniper rifle, crossbow or standard bow, or perhaps upgrades for the guns?  Different sights or suppressors?   Flamethrower or RPG?  If anything for the after game just to screw around.Over all, the random FPS stutters and small choice in firearms keeps it from getting a perfect score.  If you have any doubts about this game, don't.  Push that purchase button and squish some zombie (and people!) heads!"
,Recommended,239140,18798898,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Leoric,10/10 would bash zombies heads again
76561198123142418,Recommended,239140,17531527,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Der Großmann,awesome
,Recommended,239140,14232344,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ϩcorchedEΨsØn#SneakyBeakyLike,"This game is probably one of the most stable, and solid game I've played so far.The optimization is great, the gameplay creates an atmospheric feeling to players, and the graphics are beautiful.I really needed this game. I was losing hope in big anticipated games.Oh, and for another thing, the CO-OP has meaning. This may be my opinion, but for games like this, I would like the CO-OP to allow players to play with their friends on story mode. I mean, playing mini games and challenges only can be fun, but after a while, it's going to get boring."
,Recommended,239140,24054166,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dinorice,"Do you like zombies?Do you like dropkicking zombies?Do you like hitting zombies in the face with a grappling hook and then dropkicking them?Do you like tackling a zombie, hitting it in the face with a grappling hook, and then dropkicking them?Do you like tackling a zombie, hitting it in the face with a grappling hook, dropkicking them, and then chopping their head off with a cleaver or a medieval long sword?If soYou have odd interests and dearGODthis is the game for you."
76561198054024600,Recommended,239140,21222763,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bananarumpus,"Yes, I do recommend this game because I had fun running around the city doing favors for people. The campaigns are fine until you get towards the end, then the story gets lame and the climax is laughable.(SPOILER below)I spent the entire game learning blue prints, learning skills, upgrading weapons and crafting throwables so that I could slap some keys on my keyboard. What a garbage end fight. I was really expecting something way more exciting and fun."
,Recommended,239140,14913005,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Cesar The Salad,"It starts slow, but it soon becomes the best zombie-killing survival playground you've ever played.The near-flawless parkour is what makes a blast to play, and finding new ways to kill zombies and help people out is a joy. The main story is bleh but everything else is fantastic.This is quite possibly the best zombie game I've ever played, and I've practically played them all. Come at me haters! :3"
,Recommended,239140,33248362,Posted: 4 July,all,Lekrad,"TL;DR at bottomI'm two years late to the hype train, and this game is still amazing.I was unsure of buying it at first, because a lot of the negative reviews said the some questionable things about it.| COMPLAINTS |                 | ARGUMENTS |               || The combat is bad!            | You're bad at the game.    || It's buggy and laggy!          | You have a bad computer || Only the freerunning is fun! | Play Mirror's Edge           |JUST TO BE CLEAR: The game is not buggy or terribly optimized. It's actually very smooth. Remember in Mirror's Edge when you'd grab onto something and your hands would be in a set animation/place, making it sometimes look like your hands are grabbing onto nothing? This game fixes that. Whenever you grab onto something, just like real life, your hands will shift to grab onto the closest object. So if you grab onto a corner, your hands will be placed closer or farther away to avoid going off of the corner.Now that I've gotten that out of the way, I can state the pros and cons of Dying Light.Cons first, because I want to end on a good note.CONSI agree with others that it does seem to take a couple too many hits to kill a zombie. The combat can be slighty unreliable because of random critical hits. Sometimes it'll take seven or eight swings to kill a zombie (with a decent one-handed weapon) and other times it'll instantly kill them. You can, however, knock them down with a well-timed heavy attack and hit a finishing blow, but you can only unlock finishing blows a bit later on in the skill tree.I feel that during cutscenes the camera zooms in a little bit too much, but your eyes adjust to it within a few seconds.THE GRAPPLING HOOK. I'm not putting it in the cons because it's broken or glitchy at all. In fact, it works very well. I just don't think it fits the game's style. As soon as you get the grappling hook, a lot of the parkour is ruined. Normally, you'd have to find your way to a neighbouring building assassins creed style, but with the grappling hook you can just fly there with ease. It removes a lot of the satisfaction in finding your own way to traverse the map, so I will tell you to get it at the last second and only use it when you have to. I don't know if it's just me, but when you're in multiplayer and 3 out of the 4 people don't have grappling hooks and that one guy just flys straight to the objective using one is such a joykill. Working as a team is my favorite part about the Co-op mode, and it ruins a lot of that. The grappling hook should be a way to go to places when there's no clear route; not a way to bypass the freerunning. I won't use it in Co-op unless the rest of the team has grappling hooks and agrees to use them. This segment was a bit long, and maybe it's just me being sensitive, but I felt the need to express that.MICROPHONE CHAT IS BAD. This is the only thing about the game that I just don't like. Others are just minor nuiscances or annoyances, but this is just terrible. By enabling voice chat in the settings(it's enabled by default)it sets your microphone toOPEN MIC. There's no way to change it to push to talk unless you set a manual bind on your keyboard to mute and unmute. Most people obviously don't want it on open mic and don't have the software to make a manual bind, so they just end up turning off voice chat which -you guessed it- makes it so you can't hear anyone else talking. So it's either use open mic, or talk in text chat. The worst part is, most people don't realize it's defaulted to this, so if you have it on you can hear everything on everyone elses microphone. Modern games nowadays have fixed this issue, but I would've expected it fixed for Dying Light, even if it's a 2015 game.PROSThe storyline is surprisingly good compared to other games of this genre. The final missions were especially intense.It's been said before, and I'll say it again. The freerunning is amazing. It can feel slow at first, but once you get the first few agility upgrades you'll be flowing like water.Techland completely nailed night time in Dying Light. There's nothing scarier than being super far away from a safehouse, your watch beeps, you look down and see 20:00 written across your watch, and then that ominous message comes up, along with the ear-piercing screams of Volatiles coming out from hiding.""Night is coming.""During the night, fast and strong zombies known asVolatilesappear. As soon as one sees you,you run as fast as you canand try to lose it. Volatiles can climb buildingsjust as well as you can,so don't think you're so lucky when you're climbing as high as you can to escape.I never even knew this until I bought the game, but there's multiplayer PvP and Co-op modes. I can't explain in words how it feels to have three other players at your side, climbing buildings and working together to stay alive during the night.Crafting weapons and gathering supplies are some of the most essential parts of Dying Light. I love it so much, because it's so easy to understand. There are no materials that need to be made by combining other materials. In case you don't understand, this is what I mean. When you craft, you use the raw ingredients you found, and you don't need to do anything else. Need to make a medkit? Put some gauze and alchohol together. Want to make an electric sword? Combine metal and electronic parts. I don't care that it's not totally realistic; I just want my electric sword. You can even craft anything right after the intro mission. As soon as you're free to explore, you can find the materials you need, buy a blueprint from a shop, and make it. There's no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t""crafting skill""you have to upgrade.Ilovethe main enemy you're working against. That's not to say there's only one, though. At the start of the game, it seems so painfully clear, but as you progress you start to question what cause you're working for. Some of the enemies are more obvious than others, and my personal favorite is the bad guy you see for most of the game.  In almost every scenario when you encounter him, he's so unpredictable that you can't tell what he's going to do next. At random times he'll shoot and kill his own men seemingly unprovoked just to prove how feared he is.The game even has filters. If you go into the game options you can change the game to look red, blue, black & white, have an old-style television film grain effect, and much more. It's great for recording cinematics.It has a 15 hour campaign, and that's without doing side-quests.TL;DRDying Light is an amazing game. Please get it. It can go as low as $20 on sale, which sounds like a lot, but trust me. It's worth every penny.9/10"
76561198098813691,Recommended,239140,15717627,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MASTERBALL428,Viral got stuck in a wall10/10
76561198151356455,Recommended,239140,21140106,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,0_0,"Good game and good Dev, what else are you expecting?"
,Recommended,239140,19027439,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Alchemist,Have you had that time when a hoard of zombies kept on pouncing on you one at a time? I had. My Innocence was taken from me many times but this was another story.10/10.1Be a man.
76561198074286871,Recommended,239140,30842790,Posted: 30 March,all,Don Corleone,"Play it and you'll see, there really isn't a point in explaining why DL is excellent."
,Recommended,239140,14377162,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,zxj4k3xz,Best game ever.
,Recommended,239140,14224276,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,NASIK<3,"Как только я увидел эту игру,я сразу же сделал пред-заказ.Что собственно есть в этой игре ?-Замечательный сюжет.-Просто шикарный(на мой взгляд)геймплей.-Красивая Графика,как же без нее ?-Интересные персонажи.-И наконец-то главная фишка данной игры,паркур.Игра является экшеном с открытым миром, а также с элементами Survival Horror. Главное место в игре будет отведено рукопашным схваткам, а также сборкам и модернизациям всевозможного оружия. Их предстоит использовать для противостояния толпам зомби, которые в игре именуются «заражёнными» . В процессе игры будут встречаться как классические медлительные, так и новые бегающие зомби. Помимо заражённых в игре будут встречаться противники-люди, вроде других выживших или вооружённых военных.Так же в игре пристуствует такая фишка как,«Be the Zombie» она заключается в том, что один игрок становится зараженным и пытается уничтожить других игроков в режиме кооператива.Итог,моя оценка этой игры.8 Зарубленых Зомби из 10.(Данная игра,стала моей одной из любимых игр)"
76561198015337401,Recommended,239140,19218967,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Major Hugh Jassle,"A player hooked me up with 20 knifes doing 4k damage each.Now the game is useless,30$ down the drain :("
,Recommended,239140,14274031,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ron Jeremy's Film Crew,Without a doubt going to be a strong contender for Game of the Year 2015.
,Recommended,239140,14193655,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Prison Mike,"In a nutshell:Overall,  first impressions 6 hours in are Techland have outdone themselves and I can't wait for the performance issues to be fixed so this becomes a true GOTY contender.In-depth:Rig:Gigabyte GTX 660 2GB OC Editioni7 2600k 3.4ghz (Not OC'd)8GB DDR3 RAM2TB Seagate HDDThis combo runs the game a bit worse then it should in all honesty, currently on all medium settings with HBAO/SSAO turned off, everything else on. I wasn't expecting miracles with this aging setup but I was expecting a bit better when I can almost max Shogun 2 and Metro with better FPS for example.I get quite a few frame drops and the game does feel a bit choppier then I would of liked on these settings, doesn't detract from the fun of the game though. Even though I was hoping to get atleast Texture quality to high the game still looks absolutely amazing at medium. BIG props to the environmental artists or whatever you would call them, as the game is atmospheric as all hell and every nook and cranny of the city oozes of detail and little untold stories. You'll see destroyed quarantine zones, highways full of abandoned cars, rotting corpses and destruction and huge vistas of the flaming city. It's all very immersive and draws you in. I have spent probably an hour of my playtime just soaking in the environment.Story is good so far, enough to feel me compelled to go on in finishing it and doing the main quest to see what happens, so better then Dead Island's. Combat is much better then Dead Island's without those damn immersion breaking health bars, Instead you rely on the much improved visual damage system to see how close a zombie is to death. Weapons feel satisfying as ever and very meaty.I'd give it an 8/10 as it is now, maybe buy on discount if you're a patient scrooge but the current price wont leave you feeling shortchanged."
,Recommended,239140,17333635,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nut,This Dead Island + Dead Island Riptide + Dead Island 2 + Left 4 Dead + Left 4 Dead 2 + Any other zombie game = Dying Light10/10 - IGN
76561197966680151,Recommended,239140,24034660,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jjrosga,1 of the best horror games every released
,Recommended,239140,28611982,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AngryAlexShow,When you unlock the grappling hook this game becomes spider-man simulator.
,Recommended,239140,28483678,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lovethegames97,"Me and my friend were in this base trading stuff with each other for about 10 minutesThen out of nowhere this guy yells ""Who the F*** are you?""We paused and looked at each other and died for about 5-10 minutes from laughter.It is 4:30 am on December 20th and I need a smoke after laughing that hardGood gameGreat combatMeme was born"
76561198179453502,Recommended,239140,29993403,Posted: 17 February,all,Santra_X_,i think this game is awesome y totaly recomended
76561198091630289,Recommended,239140,24105801,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ImChronic,100/10 one of the best games i have played
76561198063530751,Recommended,239140,14832104,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TBurge63,Best game ive played
,Recommended,239140,14392749,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,NordicFuzzy,"If you don't buy this, I'll smash your head with a baseball bat that has a shuriken on the end.10/10"
76561197970835296,Recommended,239140,14283427,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Forrest Gump,Great Game....Horrible PortYoull be reminded constantly that PC's are second class citizens with horrible game lag and horrible key bindingsCERTAINLY NOT WORTH $60Unless they properly convert the game to a PC format
76561198040606541,Recommended,239140,14392906,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The0aa,i love this game
,Recommended,239140,14202201,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,∝johnZON,ZombiesOpen WorldAmazing ParkourWhat u EXceptTRY IT !%100 Recomended
,Recommended,239140,14745766,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Suspect,i like zombies game
76561198020822530,Recommended,239140,20156353,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The7thSaint,"I wouldn't recommend this game unless it's on sale.I beat the game at 20 hours and played the Bozak DLC for about five. The game is difficult and somewhat scary in the beginning, but that quickly fades as you gain skill points. Night is something you fear for maybe the first few hours until you realize it's not nearly as scary as you thought it was. The story is pretty simple and it definitely wouldn't win any awards. The mechanics are decently sound and you'll get a good 20 hours of enjoyment or more from the game.My main problem is with the loot and the weapons in the game. None of what you get really has a big impact or feels impressive...It almost feels as if you're swinging a stick at zombies for the entire game. There aren't multiple types of guns or even interesting weapons for the most part. You get pistols, rifles, a really terrible shotgun, knives, hammers, swords, throwing weapons and a few other things. That might sound impressive, except they're all nearly the same in how they handle and the damage they do. The durability system is confusing in that you break your weapons so quickly and once they're out of repair charges you might as well just toss them. What really disappointed me was how lame the air drops were. At the beginning you would bust your♥♥♥♥♥to try and get one and find nothing but an item for xp and maybe some med kits or flares. Even with all of the negatives, I still did enjoy this game and I feel like it has a lot of potential depending on what they do with it. I wouldn't recommend this game at full price, but if you can get it for $20 or less I would buy it."
,Recommended,239140,14192737,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,M8,At least It should be one of the best zombie game this year.
,Recommended,239140,22965236,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,will_man3,One of the best zombie games ive ever played. At first u kinda suck but as u go on in the story you become very skilled. My personal favorite part is the wide range of weapons. And the multiplayer mode is great. The gunplay may not be the best but i can assure u a fun and exzillerating experiance
76561197983664559,Recommended,239140,14209235,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,123,"Melhor jogo do gênero que já joguei, barrou todos. Excelentes controles e o gráfico ficou esparrado, principalmente a noite. Da pra jogar coop todas as missões depois do tutorial."
76561198090434948,Recommended,239140,27851894,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,fjerwG,"Best co-op game ever made, tons of fun with friends."
,Recommended,239140,14633580,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,hardkotian,I want my money back for Far Cry 4!
,Recommended,239140,14545429,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fishtank UltraDeluxe,"Having finished at least up to the main plotline, I think I can say that I am thoroughly impressed by Dying Light. That's not to say that there aren't flaws, but even the best have them.I had some initial performance issues starting out when I had bought the game, but they seem to have ironed out most of them, and now my game runs silky smooth even with my mid-range specs, not to mention that it looks beautiful even on mostly medium settings.Gameplay-wise, the combat feels solid and fluid, connecting hits feel like they have impact, and the weapons feel solid. The abilities you obtain as you level up are mostly useful, though grapple is a little difficult to pull off because you need to break your fingers to use it unless you rebind it.The story is a little generic, but it gets the job done and it keeps moving throughout. My one gripe with the story-quests though is thatthe final boss battle with Rias is a friggin'QTE and breaks all the immersion and just left me feeling disapointed and the story feeling anticlimactic.All in all though, I would highly reccomend this game. It's solidly built, runs really well now that they've ironed out the kinks, and combat feels really good."
76561198141516779,Recommended,239140,31655198,Posted: 9 May,all,AndMan LgA,10/10 can climbe bridge cable
,Recommended,239140,16990026,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wong,oh no the light is dying
,Recommended,239140,14225890,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Talon,"This game is great! It's like mirror's edge except it takes place in a city that's been overrun by zombies. Despite some reports of framerate issues, I haven't had any since I lowered the view distance. Everything else at max runs fine on my gtx 760."
76561198009302682,Recommended,239140,21143746,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zilron,"Great game (9.5/10)Open world, two huge maps to explore (and a third in the expansion, which I have yet to play).Combat system is very fluid.Graphics are great.Tonnes of exploration, the devs have really built a great world here.Parkour/climbing system is done well and easy to use.Skill tree system is okCrafting system is okDay night system, day being relatively safe, and night extremely difficult with different enemies.Variety of zombies is good.This game is a lot of fun, with very fluid gameplay. The story line is ok, however the amount of additional side quests is great. You can spend a lot of hours trying to finish them all which is a really good thing. The dialogue for the side quests is also really good and some of them are quite funny, which I found more enjoyable then the main story line. The day night cycle really adds to immersion. The night does feel very different to the day, and much more terrifying, this really adds to the immersion and variety to the game. The loot and crafting is ok, not as in depth as some other games, but it does not have to be in this game because the focus of the game is more combat and parkour orientated, which was done exceptionally. Climbing some places really gives you the feeling of vertigo and can send your heart racing.Overall this game is great, and gives you a unique experience."
76561198085686494,Recommended,239140,14487120,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jaden129,gr8 m8 i b8 my m8s into a b8tied cr8 esplode my b8ted m8....m8 i reccomend b8 m8 -ign
,Recommended,239140,30450101,Posted: 11 March,all,Red Eye Pepe,"Dying Light is a phenomenal game. The gameplay is really fun, even better in co-op with friends. The graphics look awesome and the game is well optimized. There is a lot of content in the game. It is worth the price."
,Recommended,239140,14213718,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Shackles,Game is pretty. items work. zombies aren't OP. Weapons aren't OP. evenly balanced. App game interaction is a good addition. great frame rate.
,Recommended,239140,18110320,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,UmbraLune,Parkour Simulation 2015
,Recommended,239140,15472022,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,✪ Major,I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME! IT'S THE BEST
76561198130380079,Recommended,239140,19404969,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Boerworsbom,great game]
,Recommended,239140,21133460,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Irish Four Leaf Clover,"I love this game, They patched the zombies so that it takes alot more to kill them. Now you cant just swipe through 5 to 10 at a time, Theres more guns, a bow with different arrow types that makes shooting zombies just that much more fun. There is also a Legendary skill tree to upgrade your stats even further. Game can be very creepy if you play in the dark with headphones on or it loud enough to hear the little noises in the game.  Use camo as often as possible to avoid swarms of zombies at night and Flares instead of the UV light. This will help keep you alive maybe long enough to survive a night."
,Recommended,239140,21117337,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,rik_40,no ragretz
,Recommended,239140,20119798,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ZA WARUDO,When Day : COME AT ME BROWhen Night : RUN FOR UR LIFE
,Recommended,239140,22370757,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LiquidThoughts,"9/10  One of the best games on steam to play with a friend.  It is clear they worked extremely hard to make a solid crazy action experience that is unique and fun.  I will say the number of things to do, weapons to see starts to get a little thin after putting in some time but I imagine the expansions will add some extra flare.  I HIGHLY suggest playing with a friend and my experience was with co-op 100% of the time I played this game.Short version:  I would buy.  Its definitely worth it."
,Recommended,239140,20899018,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Kwantum,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ
,Recommended,239140,20475821,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,N7-Ninjutsu,"Nota 10/10Mais um jogo de Zumbi? Não! O jogo de Zumbi, muitas idéias copidas de outros jogos e algumas originais, tudo isso juntando a excelente dublagem em português(provavelmente a melhor até hoje em qualque jogo que ja vi) e o ecxcelente gráfico.Algumas ideias foram copiadas de:Dead SpaceDead Islandentre outros...Notas:Gráfico = 10Ambientação: = 10Parkour:  = 10Diversão:  = 10Música = 6(não retirarei nota pois existe muitos momentos de diálogos falados quando se esta lutando, logo a música atrapalharia ouvir os diálogos).Quests = 10Este é o melhor, muitas quets inteligentíssimas, nenhuma repetiva, extremamente diveridas pois elas conseguem mostrar a pisique das pessoas isoladas em um local em quarentena com pouco recurso a tudo que é básico como comida, água erc...Cuidado = 10Tiveram um cuido insano com esse jogo, as coisas funcionam perfeitamento, sem glitchs chatos, e 100% de exploração, muitas coisas escondidas aumentando a imersão para procurar os melhores mods e armas no melhor estilo RPG. Muitas skills e mods são originais ou seja, nunca vi essas idéias em outros games e são muito divertido.Armas = 10Muitas armas, de todos os tipos, armas de duas mões ou só de uma, muitas skins de armas, roupas etc.Skills = 10Nesse momento são 25 lvl máximo pra sobrevivente, 24 de agilidade e 24 de força, mais em 9 de fevereiro entra um novo DLC que vai aumentar muito o tamanho do jogo, com um mapa do tamanho do jogo todo até agora a mais e mais de 250 pontos de skills, um carro BUG para correr nesse mapa, customização do mesmo etc.Novo Game+ = 10Também conhecido como new game plus, permite vc começar tudo de novo as side quest e as main quets, mais com seu lvl do final da campanha e suas arms e dinheiro etc.MEU PROGRESSO:Ainda não terminei 100% de tudo só da campanha principal que ta 100% a outra ta 83%(falta achar alguns itens).Conclusão: R$ 99,90 Jogo PrincipalR$ 65,00 Season PassSai caro mais se vc achar uma promoção do jogo com 50% e mesmo que o season pass não entre como aconteceu comigo na promoção de fim de ano, vale a pena viu, sai R$ 99,00, mais vale a pena sim.Tão bom como Tomb Raider 2013 e Shadow of Mordor, veja minha análise deses jogos."
,Recommended,239140,14206343,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,pp,"played 16 hours on its release and up to about 15% of story completion, its just awesome"
,Recommended,239140,14251485,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Scottish One,"Briliantly satisfying combat and wonderful parkour.Plot SynopsisDying light is an open-world survival-like fps-rpg set in a fictional city. After a recent outbreak of a zombie virus you are sent in to the slums to recover a stolen document of the utmost importance to your employers, the only conditions is to not blow your cover. After a failed attempt at infiltrating via air-drop you are forced into helping your rescuers survive the virus in any way they need.Positives: (no particular order)+ Looks stunning+ Combat system provides a fluid experience+ Satisfyingly realistic freerunning ( - bar the 20ft falls broken by bags of rubbish)+ Array of weaponry ranging from chair legs to automatic rifles.+ Engaging Story+ Night is terrifyingNegatives: (no particular order)-  Optimisation needs work (60fps when looking one way, under 30 when looking another)- May become repetitive- Though fluid, parkour can occasionally stop abruptly due to grab detection not working properlyOverall, I do recommend this game to those who wanted more from dead island, and those who enjoy the FPS/melee genre in general"
76561198243522578,Recommended,239140,31930709,Posted: 24 May,all,Pavilion,COOL
76561197981900929,Recommended,239140,25953617,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,dark_ronnie,"enjoyable parkour zombie experiance, with some plot holeshavent played any of the dlc so no comment on that"
76561198131343655,Recommended,239140,14560079,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,FakeJake,Good but gets repetitive.
76561198079370553,Recommended,239140,33302658,Posted: 5 July,all,A Catfish,"If you are too scared for zombies, not recommended.If you got some ballz and want to ♥♥♥♥ some zombies up, recommended"
,Recommended,239140,20020614,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,NeoXE,This game scratched the itch that Dead Island gave me many years ago with it's beautiful trailer and it's poorly produced game. But that is pretty much where it ends. The game is fun but the idea of actually replaying it doesn't really cross the mind. The game has fun rpg mechanic's but they're honestly subpar at best. I'd recommend the game if it is on sale and someone has time to kill but definitely not worth full price.
76561198098098050,Recommended,239140,14480666,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FluFFeee,"“I’m not a leader,” shouts Brecken, our leader. “I’m a goddamn parkour instructor!” This profound statement neatly summarises Dying Light. When it aims for high drama, it comes off like a George Romero soap opera: think Days of the Dead of Our Lives. When it gets on with the less serious business of running, climbing and kicking zombies in their bottoms, it’s marvellous fun."
,Recommended,239140,29798595,Posted: 9 February,all,ryoukura,The best zombie apocalypse survival game. Nuff said.
76561197987588664,Recommended,239140,34067669,Posted: 6 August,all,method_milo,"wow, amazing game, so entertaining and quite immersing."
76561198073080196,Recommended,239140,22823159,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,$imme,nice game 9/10
,Recommended,239140,33795316,Posted: 25 July,all,twitch.tv/xeropeace,"This is my second favorite zombie game, behind L4D2. It is absolutely unforgiving and being out at night will have you on the edge of your seat. There's no one shot killing anything, no infinite ammo, and you sure as ♥♥♥♥ aren't picking fights with everything you see. Weapons wear out, supplies run low, and you get exhausted while running. You must plan an attack and have an escape at all times. They will chase you relentelessly. Highly recommend this game."
76561198055457216,Recommended,239140,25547303,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lanzer,This is why you don't make fun of people who do parkour.
76561198094635065,Recommended,239140,29093242,Posted: 7 January,all,Bolbi,"Holy crap, what can i say about this game? Its so good and is great with a friend! the leveling system is top-notch and the world is fun to explore. My friend and i were left in complete shock when we were taken to a completly different map! Seriously, i had no clue that the devs would make a Brazilian-esc slums AND create a whole new world of a Venice-Style city! (Thats not even DLC!!!) Im telling you now, this game is a must buy, even at full price, this game really holds up to that pricepoint. GET THIS GAME10/10~Almost 13 hours into the story and we're at only 65 percent completion for the main story. We havent even touched any of the DLC!!!"
76561197987260915,Recommended,239140,29173109,Posted: 10 January,all,VVhitesnake,"Awesome game, very fun in co-op ! 8/10 !"
76561198259233688,Recommended,239140,32828508,Posted: 26 June,all,Free Bacon,"Best zombie game out there, buy with the summer sale tho."
,Recommended,239140,34252770,Posted: 15 August,all,xMatthewv,"This is a fun zombie game with a good story.Buy this, it is worth the price!"
,Recommended,239140,32961059,Posted: 28 June,all,◕ 2punky4y✿u ◕ ®,Nice one...  Upgrade of Dead Island 9/10 ;)
,Recommended,239140,31099534,Posted: 12 April,all,Kenny FUCKING S M8,This game is the feeling of blowing your load but 69 times more enjoyable.
,Recommended,239140,24007433,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ops.uralgopnikgrad,"I can see my legs, would see my legs again."
76561198065391012,Recommended,239140,20331441,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zraxan,Very well done. Amazing game.
,Recommended,239140,24839057,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,One True Dragonborn (Actual),"First of all,this game is love,this game is life.I've never played a greater game in which I haven't experienced ANY glitches (except for exploits)Pros:- Extremely good story and gameplay- Parkour- Killing zombies mercilessly- 4 Level up categories- Co-op- Player vs. Zombie mode- A LARGE amount of weapons- Challenges- Parkour Fever <3- Expansion packs- Open WorldAnd much more,I'd overflow the entire review if I'd type everything in hereCons:- I gave a player free stuff. Ended up getting blown up by his airstrike.- Some small graphical glitches- Exploits"
,Recommended,239140,18143033,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Migi,Yes.
,Recommended,239140,22832989,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Royal Llama,"10/10 the best game I have ever played with a friend, a bit glitchy, but that makes it even more fun :)"
76561198110383294,Recommended,239140,22860523,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Yarncarnage,Love this game.  Just like Far Cry but with Zombies and its better.
76561198029927566,Recommended,239140,16057979,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Crisp,Came across a bakery called Left 4 Bread. 10/10 would bake again.
,Recommended,239140,22827722,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,𝓢𝓽𝓸𝓻𝓶𝓓𝓻𝓸𝓹  -Asleep,"Great Game. Supported it for along time.Not going to do a ""Pro - Con"" list. Becuase Ehhhhh. There are enough of them.New 4 DLC were not included in the season pass. Which is understandable. Buuut for what they are. (Reskins) they should have been Included.."
76561198114726576,Recommended,239140,22835144,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Stewwy Malay,an amazing adventure that will last you hours
76561198105392253,Recommended,239140,22851402,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Acid (LSD),♥♥♥♥ going out in the night
,Recommended,239140,23749057,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AzboyJr,100% amazing I love the whole Dying Light campaign and now the following  Enchaced Edition came out I'm officaly in love :)
76561198160112898,Recommended,239140,15396925,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,David,this game was a big surprise for my i like it a lot zommbies cool crafted weapons and add parkour to the mix..... 10/10
76561198200764129,Recommended,239140,22822842,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,AkfGaming,"Perfect game, its worth the money. Very good graphics, runs well and is a great experience of zombies and parkour comined."
76561198075393554,Recommended,239140,22881742,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,korteks,this must be the best zombie game till now! amasing experience. i donnot recoment to play it at night with no lights and headphones on :)))
,Recommended,239140,21119160,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,edge2000,"This game is very fun and it just got better with the release of The Following DLC. I highly recommend this game for survival horror fans (or Dead Island fans, like myself). to check out my full rundown at SWHIPgaming - gohere"
,Recommended,239140,22874266,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD,wanna play another zombie game?
,Recommended,239140,14307838,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,NightOfTheLivingDave,"The best zombie game I have played to date. It has it all, realistic weps. you can only fix them a certain amount of times before they come completely useless/ The world itself is just.. well stunning. On a mission where I had to climb up the bridge. my heart was racing, really got my vertigo going lol.Before the games came out, I looked at a few little vids, didn't look too much as i did want spoilers. I was sooo pleased that I did this after making it though the slums, and into the city. Its stupidly HUGE :DThe story has really picked up, slow to start with, but I really feel for the characters now, which is rather rare for a game like this, normally play a bland character that doesn't give two hoots, just cares about what goods he;s getting in return.Now for the Graphics. i am playing it maxed out at the mo, tried the low setting, medium and they all look dang good, barely any issues. only time it has lagged for me was when I was in the huge town, surrounded by biters, with a Toad spitting at me... toads seem to lag it, might be something that can b fixed in a update.Really don't have anything bad to say about it :D"
,Recommended,239140,28639854,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Crowsworth,"Dying Light is about as good as a zombie survival game can get. It looks amazing graphically, the sound design is great with a special mention to the music which I think is among the best. It captures a real 80s zombie flick feel to it, surprisingly good. Controls feel responsive enough, the combat system works with this type of zombie game in which melee weapons are better than firearms.Technical aspects out the of the way, what's the game like. The story is pretty good, it's nothing special and follows the kind of trends you see in gaming with regards to plot development. It works nicely to keep the game moving along, and the characters are either functional or worthy of a chuckle. The levelling system again is very well done, its what you would expect from an action RPG, nothing too deep but plenty of stuff to unlock. The open-world nature of the game is its biggest selling point and it does it extremely well. I would happily say this is the best zombie game ever made, it feels exactly like how one would expect a zombie game to feel. I honestly cannot speak high enough of this game, and the DLC expansions are pretty good as well, a nice large extra chunk of gameplay. The horde one is good, the story one is better and offers a good 10 or so extra hours of gameplay and a huge new area to play in.This game is a stone cold classic, and I am happy I paid full price for it and have no regrets at all. I should have more hours on it, but I played it a lot offline when I moved house waiting for the internet to be installed, and I suspect I will boot it up from time to time and play through it again. I cannot speak too much of the online mode as I didn't play that, but from what I have heard it works fine enough. If you are on the fence about this game, honestly, get it, its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,239140,14248004,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ravin,"As I have poured 40+ hours into this already I will give my review.Dying Light is Mirrors Edge and Dead Island smacked together with a sandbox. Really, its a bit of fun. And you have to make the fun by taking chances. You can stay ontop of buildings, run like a madman, smash zombies in, or just fool around.One them this game does so well is kept me engaged. I found myself wanting to do side missions to get more stuff...and the fact random suvivors suddenly call out to be helped, or airdrops fall in make you INSTANTLY lose track of what you are doing and mad rush for the drop to get all of the supplies before the enemy can. I found myself more than once hearing the background noise of a plane, perking up, only to not see the plane and be disappointed.This game does have some setbacks. The multiplayer is a bit shimmy shammy. Everyone has the same skin/look.  Every once in awhile you will experience a glitch or two, like one time I got stuck mid air above a safe zone... but that only happened once.Overall, the game gets a solid 8/10. If it had better skins for multiplayer and if the storyline was a bit more...written, It could easily be higher. But the fact the game has so much going forward, it is definately a game worth buying, playing, and messing around with."
,Recommended,239140,27444706,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GG`er,its the best game !!
76561198061159723,Recommended,239140,21086027,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Toshi,"Super fun, bloody and you can blow zombies head of, what's better!:D"
,Recommended,239140,14272462,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,fr0punk,"While this isn't the most mind-blowing experience, it's a damn fine game.  I didn't really have high expectations nor did I pay any attention to the hype.  I just get lost roaming around and exploring while I do some scavenging or fight a couple of dead people.The crazy stuff you can get into on accident is the best.  I think I lost track of the story missions at this point, I'm too busy running around the city.  I captured some video of my favorite incident:http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=384966579As a side note though, I probably would have waited for a steam sale before picking this up if I wasn't obnoxiously impatient :)"
,Recommended,239140,14273428,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,VLAD_FPS_GOD,"My biggest surprise of the year. 26 hours and counting in the first 5 days!Here is the short summary:Take the open world of skyrim or fallout, then add parkour mechanics from Mirrors Edge, add the atmosphere of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. or Metro 2033/Last Light, then sprinkle some RPG elements on top and add a ton of ZOMBIES and you get Dying Light.Highly recommended for any gamer. This game easily replaces all the other zombie games by a mile.10/10P.S: Good Night and Good Luck!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14281071,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,♣♠Tapsu♠♣,"wasn't bad, but they could improve...."
,Recommended,239140,14310247,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,rat malone,"This is a really cool game. I really like the parkour, however it can make things a little too easy. If you are on the ground there are zombies everywhere, and they pose little threat alone. In groups they will do some damage. At night things get really interesting, and if you are discovered you basically can't stop or you will die. The open world is fun, and there are many different vantage points that show off the beautiful graphics, which are very nicely done. The weapons/crafting system is nice, because you can find parts in the world and make weapons, you can also get perks to upgrade your weapons. The skill/perk system is great. As you perform the task you will get a point in a category which you can spend to get a perk. Great game."
,Recommended,239140,14587976,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,A_Bluejay,"I know what you're thinking, 60$? That's a lot of money, but is it worth it?Absolutely.Graphics are beautiful.Gameplay is awesome, similiar to Dead Island and even more.Story is decent, good amount of side quests.Parkour! Go where ever you please.Now there are some things I do not like:Be The Zombie mode - The skill of players can go from someone who doesn't know what a UV light is to F*$KING SPAMING DROP KICK AND FLARES LIKE IT'S THE F*%CKING FOURTH OF JULY. Moral of the story, it needs to be balanced out, though there is still some controversy about this topic.The ending, STORY SPOLIER!:The ending to this game, I mean, It was lackluster. Yes you get to fight rais, but with your super ultra powered weapons? No. It is nothing but a simple quick time event and that kind disappointed me, the first time I encountered the ending I was expecting to come out of the cut secne and just slice him in half, but failed the quick time event since I didn't even expect it.All-n-all still a great game and I think you should get it."
76561198260753232,Recommended,239140,34158561,Posted: 10 August,all,青鳐,We need Chinese
,Recommended,239140,14196947,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,tgf,"Fantastic so far. Insane visuals, great gameplay and an interesting story. Crafting, scavenging, intense battles that require a decent level of FPS skill, and an enormous open world. Right up your alley if you love melee/parkour. 4.5 hours logged and I'm still 0% finished. Should keep me busy for a while :)"
76561198111210275,Recommended,239140,14334534,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mr TurDMuF1NM4N,"This game looks amazing.The combat makes you feel much more vulnerable than most games. You really have to watch yourself, especially against multiple zombies or people. Once you first find a firearm you have the option to shoot your way through everybody, at your own risk. They have made it so that if you want to play the easy way, you will attract hordes for ninja-like parcore zombies. This forces you to play scared.The parcore is good. It's not like Mirror's Edge, but it's right there below it. It wouldn't suit the game anyway. The action of holding the space bar or pressing the space on some objects is annoying, but adaptable.The graphical intensity of this game is awesome. The recent patch helped me with my gtx 970. If the engineers can fix the problem this game has with AMD processors, I'm set. When I sit still the game looks great and I get anywhere from 45-60fps. When I start running that number often drops into the 20-30 range. It's tollerable with the v-sync, but I should be getting more. Once they fix that this game it's a 5 star game. Fun to play and takes a LOT of time. I'm at 14 hours and only 51% of the story complete. And theres tons of other stuff to explore that I haven't even bothered with yet.Just as a reference: AMD FX-8350, GTX 970 with 16 GB of DDR3. I usually play with anti-aliasing and ambient occlusion on with my special Nvidia settings running. Everything is on high except shadow map size and foliage. I have those on medium. The textures I run on high, and wooooow, there are a lot of them. I'm enjoying this game so far and would recommend it to someone else."
,Recommended,239140,34429099,Posted: 22 August,all,GravyWavey,Yes
,Recommended,239140,18722223,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Shiro,"No one dying out here,but Rahim and Jade just leaved. And my point is 89/100"
,Recommended,239140,23136649,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,lacoL`,"Just amazing, night time even freddy can't touch it."
,Recommended,239140,31787130,Posted: 16 May,all,Rasmus,great gameplay
,Recommended,239140,22869198,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,That Fapping Guy,"Omg I don't play much zombie games, but this is the best one I've ever played so far."
,Recommended,239140,23749218,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheFloatingSamosa,amazing best game ever
43402402520682123,Recommended,239140,31030777,Posted: 8 April,all,Music Junkie,"The first part is good, great actually, I would recommend it 10/10 parkour for yearsThe following can suck my left nut tho, both the DLC itself and the ""endings"" it gives us."
76561197983155187,Recommended,239140,18167545,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MonkeyspankO,"24 hours in and I am only at 22% completion. LOVE THIS GAME. Unless something major brings it down, I am giving this a SOLID 9/10.Very entertaining FPS open world zombie survival game. Would recommend to any fans of FPS.  Especially if you, like me, enjoyed the Dead Island games, this is a major upgrade without loosing the fun of those games. And yes, you can still stand on truck and clunk down 20+ biters with no danger to yourself. just don't get caught in the open.If you're worried about the parkour elements, they are not as necessary as they are in the Assasins Creed series. They just make it easier to move around the city.  Ane a beautiful city it is. Very well designed, multi levels, with tons of depth and clutter.  Good story, voice acting and the game looks great on modern hardware.  The map is one of the best I have ever played. It really feels like a city. So much depth and levels.I would recommend getting it now, especially since its on sale. Don't bother with the season pass imho, the dlc looks very thin.Spoiler Review:well, one more piece of good news, there are more than one map, including one whole new city one and a bunch of mini areas, not including buildings.Now, the bad. Crappy ending that makes no damn sense (well, maybe sorta in a video game). They done ruined it, by taking away any sense of immersion with a cartoony villain. Who gets multiple chances to kill you and in true retro-Bond fashion, taunts and plays with instead of just shooting you. Why oh why do developers keep doing this?? All his parts after the initial meeting are so lame. Makes the damn ""challenges"" in a zombie apocalypse seem logical. At least these can be mercifully skipped.So, an updated score is 8.5/10. Still a good game, but not in the ranks of the great games. Buy it on sale or when/if you hardware can take it, you can probably afford anyways."
76561197987630975,Recommended,239140,17521909,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Serendipity,Best zombie story FPS around atmThe following DLC is great value and the game is a pleasure to play; best of its genre
,Recommended,239140,15476502,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fangz,"The Game is basically about zombies, popping heads, and Antizen.Dying Light is a mix of Dead Island and awesome parkour, packed with many kinds of weapons and guns, all in First Person.I would recommend it 10/10."
76561198192497461,Recommended,239140,35027774,Posted: 17 September,all,Leviathan,AMAZING GAME!8.5/10P.S.Pick it up on sale...
76561198079538520,Not Recommended,239140,16183980,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,lejatorn,"If you can't make stable software, let the users save.Don't get me wrong, I love zombie stuff, and I love this game's concept and everything that game could be.Unfortunately, this game crashes very often for me. Now, this is terrible user-experience. What makes it totally unacceptable is their saving system. The user has no way of saving himself; there's only one saving slot, which is exclusively handled by a broken and inconsistent autosaving system.So when you spend all night out to get hard-earned survivor points, see your survivor rank finally increase when morning comes, see the allegedly autosaving icon appear and disappear, and right after see the game crash on you, there's this little doubt. ""I did not lose all my progress, did I? I sure did see that autosave happen."" And sure enough when I reloaded the game, everything was lost.This anecdote is a way too common reccurrence for me, making a potentially great game a no-recommend as it is."
,Recommended,239140,22151312,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Rarmurz Owalruz,Essential purchase. Buy it or get mauled by 900 zombies.
,Recommended,239140,34337476,Posted: 18 August,all,✪ flaccid,Awesome zombie game to brutalise innocent dead guys. Great parkour and extensive skill tree. An assload of content.
76561197960542724,Recommended,239140,15114018,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Willy Green,Best Zombie Game ive played since LfD2.  Awesome game!
,Recommended,239140,33158561,Posted: 2 July,all,Count Jackula,"I do not like running games, with Deadlight being a bit of a rare exception.Dying Light is NOT a running game. Yes there is parkour, but still...not really a running game. You could play this game without pressing shift(run) once.Also, don't expect a lot of ""Prince Of Persia""-style hopping and jumping about. Yes, at times it leans towards that, but not quite the same. Not quite the frustration.Now plenty of people love infinite running games and PoP/Tomb Raider-style jumping about, but I do not like them. I hate them with a passion. Having said that, I do like this game. Yeah, I get mad sometimes, but it isn't a deal breaker.So what is my one con with this game? NO PROPER SAVE SYSTEM. Look, game developers, (oh no, here goes another Jack Attack) you have to put proper save systems on these games to encourage exploration and FUN. I buy games for 2 reasons: 1) FUN; 2) challenge. But see, if I have 1200 survivor points racked up, it isn't likely I will jump off that tall ledge just to see what happens; I probably won't stay way under water just to see what is down there; and I won't crawl way back into that pipe just to see if it goes anywhere; and that sucks, because like in Witcher 3, you can save before every encounter and reload if you don't like what happened or want to save a part for later.In this game, it saves when it darn well pleases. NOT GOOD! I believe this is a console developer trick to make the game SEEM longer by having you have to replay stupid or tedious parts longer and repeatedly. This is a dirty ploy. Eh well, what to do but put up with it? Otherwise a good game.7.3/10"
,Recommended,239140,14204565,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Pain,"This is the game Dead Island should have been. It plays like some bizarre hybrid of Far Cry 3/4 and Dead Island. If you played Dead Island you would instantly notice a lot of the animations and what not are straight from Dead Island. Well that's because it shares the same engine. But unlike Dead Island. Techland puts the engine through its paces, its a very beautiful game and the detail makes the zombies come to life unlike in Dead Island where they come off as a little silly. Also unlike Dead Island from what I've seen so far, is that the play area is HUGE, I expect to see a different more city-like area in the future for the second half of the game which is similar in size. And if you are more daring, the night sequence is both exciting and terrifying. If you are a fan of stealth-ing games or mechanics then you will really shine as the night is when the horrors of Harran come out to play...so if you want to play in the night...good luck...."
,Recommended,239140,32644240,Posted: 22 June,all,dUuP3d,Amazing!
76561198002546557,Recommended,239140,32399807,Posted: 13 June,all,scorpeos,"One of the best Zombie Shooters Ive ever played. Great graphics, awsome weapons and mods. Excellent story. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,239140,32144024,Posted: 2 June,all,√єƦиєχ 🖤,"Just finished the campaignand I gotta say, that was one heck of an experienceespecially the last part of the story, where you have to do it alone.Definitely one of the best zombie games out there!"
,Recommended,239140,21855055,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,MuffinDude,This game just got enhanced.
76561198073124079,Recommended,239140,15333971,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Akuma,Great Game21/10 IGNWould Dropkick Self Again
76561198252240464,Recommended,239140,32709714,Posted: 23 June,all,Will,"Great game. Immersive and runs smooth for the crap pc I have.I run med graphics and hit 30 fps, that's amazing for a computer that lacks anything great lol.PSA: if you have problems with game saves or saving in general; run as an administrator"
,Recommended,239140,22341797,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Bilsabob,"One of the best zombie games I've ever played, However, the worst community I have ever tried to play multiplayer with.  Most just quit right when you join quick match and others have groups but boot you just because your not their friend.  Maybe the quick join should just be removed if i can get kicked right after joining but keep getting the same room with quick join.  Great game though beautifl, story + gameplay really satisfying content alittle short but lots of items and replay value is totally there if you just want to hack up decaying human remains with ease or try the harder mode for a real challenge.  I give the core game 9/10 but the multiplayer is a disapointment 1/10 no multiple human enemy zeds, no combat tactics, use tools at right times to win with both human and zombie mechanics.(I would like to see a smaller encounter, like a wait for the elevator area or like the pit area, not alot to load but at least 2 or 4 human player zombies with 4 to 8 human players and a few harder npc waves of zombies.)"
76561198095248891,Recommended,239140,22343152,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jackv3,You can jump kick a zombie off a roof. Need I say more?
76561197965731542,Recommended,239140,22342508,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Veryevil,Take it to the next level !! Totally worth it ^^
,Recommended,239140,22345580,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,rakialex,The small screaming zombie reminded me of MattyBRaps
,Recommended,239140,23755088,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,thamzen,"A game worth buying. Good story, Good graphics and overall an extremely good game. Recommended without any doubht. Sikh game.The extended story however, IS almost as good as the orginial story. This should be the norm for every DLC. This DLC, has been developed the right way and as mentioned it is an extended story which continues from where you finished in the main story. My opinion, THE DLC IS ABSOLUTELY SMASHING."
,Recommended,239140,22346008,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,My only question is.. Why havent you bought this game yet?
76561198079648774,Recommended,239140,14283001,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,volvos60,"Very good game, I run usually between 40-60 fps but most people on forums contribute that to me only having 8gb of RAM but Im not entirely sure. Regardless of that this game is fantastic and is one of the best free roam games I've played because you can interact with the world so well. It really makes me excited because 2014 was such a tragedy of a year in terms of AAA releases and this game has already made me optimistic for the year ahead and I honestly think it can be a game of the year contender."
76561198136461033,Recommended,239140,27260735,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,yourmakingachickenoutofafeather,Real good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,14368086,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,@Dygoxin,"This game is amazing, the only thing it needs now is optimization. Otherwise it is amazing10/10.1 - IGL"
,Recommended,239140,14330814,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,obama,"hello guys whats up guys and today i will be review the new game this review will be about my new review on the game that im reviewing today is, no other then my faovurite game of all time that i will be reviewing this time around its a review about the one only dying light, and today i will be reviewing tha very game,; dying light:its a good review and hoepfully what up guys, hope u enjoy this review on my neewest release dying 4, the light is what i will reviewing today, like share my reveiew on the new game dying light that i will be reveiwing in this reveiew on the enw game dying dea light,.- its a game wheree today i will be reviewing dying light, hope you liked my review on the game that i wil be reiveiwing tpoday dying light, its okay, the game that i am revieiwng, its dying light, like and share myt reveiew on dying light which makes me think of the game im reveiewing today ;  : dying light: spectacualr game that i am reveiewing today with the name DYing light:"
76561197983671050,Recommended,239140,14360001,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MattTheMLGpro,you can decapitate zombies10/10 would chop heads again
,Recommended,239140,14369480,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kit,"Super fun game!its exactly how dead island should have been those many years ago n probably the most decent zombie game thats been released for a while because the characters actually refer to them as zombies!!! not Infected oooor....some other name thats not Zombie.all the climbing around is a nice touch like first person AC n a bit of mirrors edge just minus the running along walls (but you can get a skill that allows you to run up walls a little)Only let down is ""Be the zombie"" mode. i have not yet been able to get into any games on it and bite some other players on the behind as everytime its ""connection could not be establish"" or ""game is no longer avalible"" cause who wants to get shrekt by a spiderman zombie while trying to clear the game right?"
76561198001492252,Recommended,239140,14331527,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Heavy P,"Quick time events, are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me. The final sequence of the game, is quick time events with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unsatisfacory and anticlimactic ending. Great game, but it really had a Mass Effect 3 level of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ery at the end."
76561197980684103,Recommended,239140,14368915,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ARRANOX,"i had some problems with fps drop and lagging. and it got worse if i played in coop :/my specs where:Windows 7 UltimateIntel I5-4670K CPU @3.40 GHz8GB 1333MHz RAMZOTAC Geforce gtx 760 GPU.but still with the lagg in mind it was such a great game and i could not stop playing. so i bought new gear...EV3A Geforce 970 GPU and 8 more GB of the same RAM.aaand a new AKRACING gaming chair, New gaming mouse? why not?.....so this cost me around 800$...il have to eat rice and noodles for the rest of the month, and the when the girl i was dating found out i didnt hear from her again...but the game is running smooth on full graphics, so im happy as il ever be!"
,Recommended,239140,14373627,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,| Timon4eg |,"Very nice game 13,5\10"
,Recommended,239140,25605426,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,AncientWolf,Really good and really FUN to play only 1 problem though :( and its the new price for the new dlc the following. :(
,Recommended,239140,35474474,Posted: 4 October,all,TheUnknown,Best zombie survival game ever.
,Recommended,239140,26308438,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CodComedyTJ,"I didn't like this game at first, I really didn't. It felt so slow compared to Dead Island which on console, I played over 1000 hours on. When I started this game I was running out of stamina in a matter of seconds, I could barely kill any zombies, I could barely explore the Parkour that this game mainly offered.The campaign started off amazing however, I was engaged in the story so much. Once you get to the ""Tower"", you'll get to meet new survivors, learn peoples stories and take on totally different missions. Every mission I played is different to the other, no grinding or repetetive tasks.Once I unlocked extra skills within my characters Parkour Skill Tree, the game started to feel alot more fun. I was able to have fun in fights with zombies, I was running around drop kicking zombies then smashing their heads by kicking their heads. It was extremely fun and got alot more simple for me to play. I was also able to sprint around as much as I wanted without running out of stamina as easily, making parkour alot more extensive and enjoyable.Even now that I'm Max Power, Agility, Survivor, Legendary Rank. I still find some fights with the infected difficult, I can one hit kill zombies with crossbows however I can still be killed easily if I get swarmed. The game is extremely immersive and doesn't feel like a task to complete, but feels like a movie with extremely fun gameplay.Some reviews are saying the protagonist isn't ""enjoyable"" or ""likeable"" however I really enjoyed his sarcastic/arrogant attitude and heroic actions he performed throughout the game, it's enjoyable to play as a hero in such a broken world however is extremely defensive against other people. Seeing/hearing him go from a strong man to a broken man after the death of a friend/loved one made the game even more immersive for me.I'd recommend this game to any zombie game lover. I will definitely be pre-ordering Dying Light 2.- TJ"
76561198027912432,Not Recommended,239140,15071117,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Pizzatalisman,"I really want to like Dying Light more than I do. The gameplay is fun (much like Dead Island, from which most of the gameplay was borrowed), the parkour is delightful (environments are actually fun, if sometimes frustrating, to move through), and the overall tone of the piece is about as dark and gruesome as I tend to enjoy.Unfortunately, the villain is a dime-store knockoff of Vaas. The boss fights are lazily designed and either lacking in challenge or trying VERY hard to create it artificially by taking away all the weapons and gear you've stockpiled rather than having potentially scary bosses.The story gets very, very old, very, very fast. The protagonist repeatedly refuses to kill the villain when given the opportunity (he's monologuing, I have a gun, he just did something awful/murdered the love interest/exists), and the villain is longwinded and self-righteous without being interesting.The final boss IS A ♥♥♥♥ING CLIMBING SEQUENCE followed by a ♥♥♥♥ING QUICKTIME EVENT. You cannot get worse lazy dev work than a QUICKTIME FINAL BOSS. Holy crap, guys. Did you run out of money, time, or both? The penultimate moment in this wet paper bag of a story, and you made it TAP A TO ALMOST DODGE KNIFE, TAP S TO NOT GET MACHETE'D, etc.? Really?Do not buy this game for the story. Don't buy it for the writing. Don't buy it for the big fights or climactic scenes. I don't recommend that you buy it at all, because rewarding this sort of thing only makes more of it.That said, there are cheaper ways to mess around with zeds. Tons of them. LOADS. The market is choking with OTHER GAMES THAT HAVE THE SAME IDEAS. Cheaper ones. Heck, buy two instead of paying for this once. End statement."
76561198208082452,Recommended,239140,23533165,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Gold Plated Nutsack,"""Oh no, he jumped over a ♥♥♥♥ing skyscraper, how am I gonna eat him now""-Every zombie in the game"
,Recommended,239140,14211472,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Wegian,Fantastic game :) Played acouple hours since launch (1 Recording and 2 hours stream @GingeWegian )the game runs smooth as hell! i was worried when I saw the recommended specs but game runs smooth at 60fps while just playing and at a stable 30fps while recording/streaming! we are two friends playing it coop and both of us hits the same fps marks with nvidia and amd (ofcourse both of our computers are well over the recommended specs) cant wait to play more and will probably make a review once im done with it. if you want you can have a gander at our recording over at youtube our channels name is GingeWegian
76561198294548841,Recommended,239140,25738238,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Exzistbro,First pc game i downloaded switching from xbox 1 and i like it alot more funnier with friends. Awesome game
76561198078504358,Recommended,239140,25791289,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,tolive89,very very very good game
76561198281955888,Recommended,239140,30865854,Posted: 31 March,all,Burns,Best zombies game I've played so far
76561198108512751,Recommended,239140,35458595,Posted: 3 October,all,Batfish,Buy game for 60 dollars. Next day 75% off.
,Recommended,239140,34468856,Posted: 24 August,all,Mr.PinkPedo,ye
76561198113234664,Recommended,239140,35452996,Posted: 3 October,all,Envy_Me,good game
76561198073930524,Recommended,239140,35453218,Posted: 3 October,all,Santa,Very good
,Recommended,239140,35460450,Posted: 3 October,all,end2draw,It's a great game. First time in a while I made faces while runnning away from Zombies.
76561198013866556,Recommended,239140,30903449,Posted: 2 April,all,Praisethasun,Left 4 Dead during  Day.Dark souls at night.
76561198054734539,Recommended,239140,19267281,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rihter Nolen,Good one... Recommended.
,Recommended,239140,30860336,Posted: 31 March,all,DeviL_K,I love it but i rather play with friends :D
,Recommended,239140,30860818,Posted: 31 March,all,Birdimir,"Game is kinda like dead island, but has better gameplay and story and mechanics and parkour"
,Recommended,239140,34897148,Posted: 12 September,all,Master Belschwur,Motivated enough.
,Recommended,239140,35455275,Posted: 3 October,all,Devilgator123,One of the best games I have played in a long time!
,Recommended,239140,35456508,Posted: 3 October,all,Bazinga Force One,"great graphics and smooth gameplay in regards to the parkourvery satisfying to hit zombies, feels very grounded and realid give it 8 bazingas out of 10"
,Recommended,239140,30861371,Posted: 31 March,all,MeseF,"The zombies is hard to kill,the story are fantastic,the parkour,the grapichs and........of course the weapons, worth buying this game"
,Not Recommended,239140,17216379,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kobayashi,"2yr + old review (obsolete)Where to begin, Same old story really, Solid multi core - multi gpu - multi ssd 97th percentile custom build gaming/rendering system, AAA title with little to no real world optimisation tests on a wide enough range of hardware and the results are almost always the same.Bad frame ratePoor Sli ScalingPoor level load - transitioningguys consult debug info in olly please, there is something seriously wrong with x64 binaries and cpu core utilisation.You build a game that runs badly on chrome? ""applause""and finally that button I always press when I'm dissapointed with my purchase. Refund button.Thank you valve for doing the right thing."
76561197973493425,Not Recommended,239140,14459461,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Venger,"This game could be great.Why have super fustrating, super finickety agility sections like the second antenna.So, so fustrated.  That's not fun just fustration.  Seriously have some love for your player.The tutorial was pointess and fustrating too.The rest is actually pretty enjoyable, maybe i'll get back to that if i can ever get up the antenna.  Such a joke, why would someone think that is gameplay."
76561198081781756,Recommended,239140,24324146,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,[CW] Silentscope,Pretty great game. imo this is what zombie survival games should be like
,Recommended,239140,24330586,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"Best dead island game with good first person parkour.The good things:Combat: the art of hitting stuff is pretty basic, but it feels damn good with the gore, slow motion on certain hits and zombie ragdolls.Combat is also made much better than something like skyrim by throwable weapons, kicking, enviromental hazards and weapon crafting resulting in poisonous elemental bladed sledgehammers and double-bladed fire katanas.Guns arent that great but also arent that important.Movement: the games parkour system is smooth and actually stops most Fps-parkour moments feeling like James Bond ball torture.This version of the game includes the Following expansion that adds an awesome upgradeable buggy that feels amazing but is sadly made out of paper mache, meaning repairs happen every time you exhale and inhaleStuff you get: The games skilltrees slowly make you into amazing ninja-warrior (and later the actual spider-man) without making later fights trivial. Even later game I do sometimes have to pick my battles.Combination of weapon-mod blueprints and these odd static upgrade blocks you find can make you some awesome weaponry, that you will still do later in game, as weapons seem to be made out of the same paper mache as the Followings buggy.That buggy can also be turned into some sort of zombie meat grinder with lighting so thats cool too.Side-quests: Dying light as a game can be summed up as a dead island+parkour, with you doing everyones jobs for them, investigating scary places, battling bandits and just gathering stuff.Some of the sidequests are actually really good, and I can say at least one got me scared.The night: The night really turns the game into a more of a survival horror experience, but most of it is skippable, and I am a giant ♥♥♥♥♥Content: There is a ♥♥♥♥♥on, most of it is good quality.The world: The main game has two maps: The more slummy cheapass place and the posh old town. I feel these are at times kinda gray, but places still have lots of detail and exploring around looking for bits of metal and plastic and♥♥♥♥♥♥The expansions map is actually at times colorful, and exploring it is a real joy.The music: this is extra subjective, but imo its goodThe bad stuff:The story: I dont actually remember much of it, there are some good moments I remember but maybe the forgettability of it tells you something.The expansions story is quite a bit more interestingVoice acting:Protagonist is pretty bad, and so is some other folks voiceactingThe first few hours of gameplay: I dont remember much of it, but it seems I was pretty frustrated for a long bit of it before the game tosses you some better weapons and skillsOverall opinion: If you enjoy doing quests, looting and honing your weapons into truly insane♥♥♥♥♥♥and just running around, I think you will have a blast.HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THERE IS ALSO MULTIPLAYER:The game also has coop possibility and some other mode I havent touched.Coop might make the at times frustrating start of the game better, and this is the kinda game that should be more fun with a friend."
76561198078927332,Recommended,239140,19177953,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Cash Only,a very good game and reasonable price and enjoy playing it still.
76561197970514785,Recommended,239140,21418830,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,siv,This is a great game; its basically Assisns Creed in Zombieland but if your a fan of Zombie games a must have
,Recommended,239140,33045559,Posted: 30 June,all,DyingDreams,Spoiler : falling from a building is more lethal than 100 zombies
,Recommended,239140,35465116,Posted: 4 October,all,BatCat,The floor is lava
76561198016995797,Recommended,239140,24216276,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,It's my puppy,"Awesome as ♥♥♥♥! Recommended! The open world, the parkour, the coop, the zombies, the melee smashing and bashing, ah just... get this game. Graphics and quality very good. Story also good. Best modern open world apocalyptic zombie slashing simulator."
,Recommended,239140,14709725,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,$hy,A game that lets you shut up an annoying crying baby. 10/10
76561198132689609,Recommended,239140,20907965,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,CUL-GAI,yes this game is really good once you from start to end in the start 8/10 in the end 7/10
,Recommended,239140,18886800,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,sabsab,"Good game, good night, good luck.Dead Island fans must buy this game."
76561198050039526,Recommended,239140,14783221,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Phantom Pain,perfect !!
,Recommended,239140,34812819,Posted: 8 September,all,Fnuh,"Everytime I played this game, I pooped myself. Must play. :)"
76561198136588310,Recommended,239140,14714672,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[VI]Lancer Dudo Dubudoruma,"So, this game. Oh, this game. For the thoughtful gamer, this game isnt really your place. The narrative is rather weak, with the story filled to the BRIM with cliches, and NONE of the characters are really memorable or worthy enough of your ♥♥♥♥s. In fact, I had to write this review very early just so I wouldnt forget what little the game had in story. Its basically, (And im NOT spoiling anything, you will see these plot points from a mile away.) ""Go to city. Get bit m8. Go stop bombers from blowing up harran. Go kill villian."" Amazing plot, amirite? I played dead Isl on the console, and one of my FAVORITE parts was the weapon modding. Here, it... it isnt as creative. Just poison, impact, fire, and electricity. (Correct me if i missed a mod.) And it sorta keeps true to the dead isl formula, with suicide zombies, spitters, big guys, and bigger guys, virals are new, if Im correct. Virals were the worst out of the bunch, as they will do parkour almost as well as you do. But get on top of a van, and keep kicking them off. It works. At night, a new type of zombie comes out, known as ""Volitiles"". These guys will crowd you, and with their combined strength, reduce you to nothing but zombie food.Dying light is BEAUTIFUL in the graphics section, (Most of the time) you will require a pretty decent computer to run it at max. The side missions arent TOO interesting, with most of them introducing a character with 3 different lines, most of which you will forget immediatly, and then eventually the character in and of itself. I know im just dissing the game here, but I love this game for its main gameplay mechanics, like PARKOUR. Holy crap, the parkour here is THE BEST ive played in a long time, beating the little bit of validity out of assassins creeds system, with this one actually tiring for the main protagonist to climb all the time. And its challenging. If you miss pressing the spacebar button, or are not intelligent enough to solve its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t climbing puzzles, youre screwed, dude.The skill mechanic is very detailed, with it going along with skyrims system, (In my opinion, its just skyrims system with less skills.) There are three skill ""Trees"". Survivor, which will help you, guess what, survive. Agility, which levels your, you guessed it, agility. THE POWER LEVEL. ITS OVER 9!!! The power level (Heh) helps you level up your fighting skills, how long you can fight, the durability of your weapons, and how many ""Repairs"" a weapon has.The repair system works like this: You can only repair your stuff so many times, so youll have to ditch it eventually. This mechanic sorta ruins later gameplay, after the ending, it lets you continue. But, in my opinion, ALWAYS do not play after the ending, and just bring your stuff into a friends coop session and help em' out. Overall, a good 8/10. A good continuation of Dead isl- I mean a good start out for techlands new series. Hopefully we will see more in the future."
76561198325450845,Recommended,239140,30905881,Posted: 2 April,all,FLAXEN,"seems like FarCry,the plot is quite monotonous,but fight with zombies and parkour is very cool.If u want to feel how zombies run after u then have to play in this!"
,Recommended,239140,34698862,Posted: 2 September,all,j0ny_brav0,Good Game!
,Recommended,239140,14231924,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SpiritSlayer,Combining everything Dead Island should have been with Mirror's Edge makes for an awesome game.
76561198044304881,Recommended,239140,34717016,Posted: 3 September,all,~A~,Decent game worth giving it a try.
76561198006612317,Recommended,239140,34748250,Posted: 4 September,all,Goose_X109,fantastic game must play!!
,Recommended,239140,34712235,Posted: 3 September,all,Blargus,I like this game :3
,Recommended,239140,30853814,Posted: 31 March,all,XXXLil Notorious A$AP O.L.E :),"My experience with this game can be summed as thus: every update I found myself testing the changes, nodding in satisfaction, then quitting the game to await the next update.Arkane knows how to make a good game. No question. But if you film an Oscar-worthy movie and the lens is smudged while filming, you can't judge what's underneath without acknowledging what's been marring your experience the entire time.=============================PERFORMANCEEveryone is aware of the performance issues, and these still persist to this day. It runs much better than at launch, where it was literally unplayable, but that's because the game looks worse than before - the most noticeable change being the extremely aggressive LOD scaling. Out of the corner of your eye you notice the shapes of window frames and posters on distant buildings morphing in shape, or the furniture at the opposite end of a long hallway suddenly blinking into existence. FPS dropped to 15 when stabbing a gravehound, so they simply removed the inky visual effect that was causing the problem instead of optimizing it.Also, Denuvo authentication is one of the longest ""loading screens"" of the game. Around half a minute to a full minute or more every startup.=============================GAMEPLAYFor the most part, gameplay is excellent and is Dishonored's strongest suit.Dark Vision was changed to a blurry short range sonar so unlike Dishonored 1 you aren't constantly seeing blue and yellow because you had no reason not toAI is much smarterNonlethal combat options are a blastBonecharm crafting system allows for player flexibility and ""builds""Each level feels lived-in while maintaining the duality of directive flow and open options that made the first game so good.Emily and Corvo have distinct animations and final weapon upgrades. The animations are supremely cool.Each level is fairly distinct, some with extremely interesting central ""gimmicks."" I do, however, wish the game relied less on them and had more ""regular"" areas.However, under the hood lie other problems. Most of them are quality-of-life issues:Gone are the hotkeys for journal, inventory, bonecharms, powers. Only one ""journal"" exists now, despite still having separate subsections.It took months for the power wheel to be fixed. It took almost a full second after activating to pop up and be usable, breaking flow so badly I almost never used it in the first place. It's finally fixed now, but this issue was glaring and it took so long to be addressed most of us played through without it fixed.Thrown objects don't always go exactly where your crosshair is. While this adds a layer of difficulty, it feels noticeably more clunky than in the first game.Mana regen is pitifully slow. From using a power to fully regenerating, Dishonored 1's time is 4.7 seconds -> 3.1 seconds with Spiritual Pool. Dishonored 2's time with 4x Spiritual Pool is 6.3s -> 5.5s. The devs said they fixed this effect, but it was only made worse.Bugs. Street speakers not playing. Dying after possessing gravehounds. An arc pylon never shutting down after pulling out its power, leaving it to either be dangerous to you to dangerous to your nonlethal playthrough. Some of these still aren't fixed.=============================STORY AND ATMOSPHEREReactivityGreat. My favorite part of Dishonored. You need to hide from a gang member to access a certain black market shop, and there are different scenarios and dialogue for if you hide, if you run into him outside, kill him outside, or kill him inside.Emily and CorvoEmily and Corvo are voiced. And... they don't talk enough. It's good that they're silent for most of the game, but there are times when you come across a portrait or photograph with an ""Inspect"" prompt. I'd love to hear Emily's thoughts on the High Overseer as see how that compares to Corvo's, or if it changes based on whether or not you accept the Outsider's Mark. Instead, all I get is the protagonist muttering the name of the person pictured. What's the point? Might as well keep them silent.It made sense to me to play Emily first, but her story felt lackluster, like people at every turn were saying ""check your royal privilege"" despite my efforts to resolve everyone's problems without drawing blood. Corvo's is MUCH more interesting as a veteran of Dishonored 1.The Outsider and The VoidI hate the new Outsider and his new voice. He felt threatening and malicious in the first game due to how calm and composed he was, and the Void felt like a strange and otherworldly place. The vignettes of Dunwall made it feel both unnatural and unnerving yet fundamentally woven into the universe. In Dishonored 2, it's just smoky blackness and sharp rocks. The Outsider is much jollier and moves around erratically, making grandiose hand gestures. They actually had a plot plot that could explain this change, but it was never addressed, so it just seems like a pointless retcon to me.Main PlotDishonored's worldbuilding was always one of its appeals, and that remains true in Dishonored 2. However, the villains felt lackluster. Only the main villain has a real presence throughout the game, whereas everyone else feels introduced abruptly only to fall by your hand, all within the same mission. In Dishonored 1 everything felt personal and real. Perhaps it was because of the long intro where you interacted with most of them, or the Hound Pits's cast of characters all having different connections to your targets.=============================As you can see, I've played this game a LOT and have put a lot of thought into it. It was definitely worth all those hours and all that money, but the condition it was at launch and the sluggish drip-feed of support we barely get now is unacceptable. To set a precedent for future games, I can't recommend buying this unless they manage to fix all the performance issues and bugs, which doesn't seem to be happening anytime soon."
,Recommended,239140,14759838,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Moldavia,"This game is really good despite its quirks.  The devs are actually trying to get things fixed though I am sure it cannot be easy all considering.  When I do play the game I have a blast as the parkour is really well done.Edit - Ok well I have played for just over 57 hours now, yet I only have completed 51% of the main story line,  so here is my mostly full take on the game.The gamplay, in my opinion, is fantastic as there are numerous ways to play some good some ending up not so good lol.  Dying generally leads to fits of laughter simply because most of the time you cannot escape it (damn you boomers).. The parkour is very well executed and fun to work with once you get the hang of just how much you can actually do.So far the storyline I have to say I am quite enjoying it so far it has kept me going.  I have also taken the time to do every side quest I can find but it has been interesting how much there is even though it does not seem like much.  The premise is simple enough yet over the hours I have played it still does not feel drawn out to me.In my opinion the season pass, while giving credit it is only 20 dollars so really, was a bit of a disappointment.  I was hoping for a little more and I think how it was brought out was a bit odd as the last part felt like it should have been the first DLC.  Overall though at least it was not 40-50 dollars or something stupid and that is all we got because then it would be garbage lol.So overall, despite its quirks, the game was well made and executed barring the issues with certain pieces of hardware that have still to be fixed.  With the delays between patches now I am beginning to think there is a possibility they may not but here is to hoping.  For the price I paid for the game I honestly feel I got my money's worth and more.  I mean not many games I have I can say I am hitting on a dollar an hour entertainment value.  There is nothing like running around pulling zombies that cannot reach you, screamers coming out of nowhere in droves, volatiles eating your head off, spitters hitting you from across the world (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) and last but not least those @!#!@ing boomers coming out of bathroom doors and exploding in your face because you have literally nowhere to go LOL."
,Recommended,239140,35482645,Posted: 4 October,all,Painless,"A ""must have"" for any gamers collection."
,Recommended,239140,28115066,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sovi,THE best game
,Recommended,239140,16054571,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Pros:-Rich open world exploration in which you can almost go anywhere given enough skill.-Combat system is smooth and responsive.-Free running is for the most part smooth and responsive.-Day/Night cycle is excellent.-Steam workshop supported.Cons:-Not much to do once you've beaten it, only a handful of challenges and zombie slaughter. Needs more to do post story.-Free running feels buggy at times, improper movements or grabbing onto wrong ledges.-Human AI are very stupid.An immersive zombie action game and the main gimmick centers around free running. You're freedom to move about the city is only limited by your skill and the city limites, having the ability to wind through the streets, scale buildings and jump from one building to the next. The game is very smooth and responds nicely save for some minor issues I've experienced with free running, but hardly anything frustrating 'nor game breaking. Very few glitches, mostly graphical issues with the flashlight or zombies with disproportionate legs and some clashing, but once again hardly anything game breaking; if anything amusing at times.I found early on the enemy Human AI are incredibly moronic. Once you have a gun, most human enemies will fall to their knees because they don't understand the concept of cover very well. Though since most you'll encounter have melee weapons, you can switch it up to create more of a challenge, even when facing a foe with a firearm. As for zombies, well zombies are stupid to begin with so no complaints there. However I feel it's to easy to lose a night pursuit when having volitile infected chasing me through the streets. Maybe a difficulty setting to adjust their speed, though I'm sure that could be solved via the workshop.I wouldn't say the game is worth the full on sixty dollars, as I bought it on sale for a lower forty. It seems more worth that price for what it delivers; however it does deliver at least twenty-five hours worth of city roaming, meeting characters and psychos and general exploration in a very rich zombie infested environment. So it's almost worth every penny."
,Recommended,239140,32394287,Posted: 13 June,all,alan sleep,get this game andy or else i sound the alarm
,Recommended,239140,27953593,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sync [Exams],Overall Score:80/100Game Pros• Open World.• Great Graphics.• Great Crafting System.• Great Parkour System.• Many kinds of zombies.• Many ways to kill a zombie.• Secret Locations.• Bloody.• Co-op.Game Cons• Short Story.
,Recommended,239140,14192293,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lif3line,"Review contoversy aside the game is great as of a few hours in. Haven't noticed any bugs and runs pretty well on medium/high on an i7 +gtx760.If you like Mirror's Edge and hitting things you'll like it, I really enjoy the fact that fighting more than a handful of zombies is a challenge too and makes you focus on getting around. The tension has been pretty good too with the ambient noises keeping you on edge when out of safe zones. Haven't seen the night properly but the short section I have played got the adrenaline pumping for me.Also if your keyboard does illumination the game hooks into it and it really adds to the game.Would recommend."
,Not Recommended,239140,21569039,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Eneme [Ω],"The Following in general is a good game.But DRIVING IS SO ANNOYINGDriving isnt the actual problem, but stopping is.Since there bombers constantly spawn, u keep getting surrounded by virals. Wut this means is when u want to stop the buggy u will have to deal with a bunch of virals and bombers are still heading for u. Camoflage doesnt work cuz there wont be a break for u to camo up without virals hitting uMany times I want to park my buggy at a random place it takes longer than 10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mins for me to finish off every single viral and bomber(The difficulty doenst matter, I get the same♥♥♥♥♥♥on normal and nightmare).It is not FUN"
,Recommended,239140,14190006,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,On Me,Game released on my B-day...Best B-day Ever!
76561198014893421,Recommended,239140,32414877,Posted: 14 June,all,merikuri55,This is my most scary zombie game.
,Recommended,239140,14249882,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,champion de foot,10/10 would choke dead kids again
,Recommended,239140,23346231,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Hokai,"There is so much to say about this game...I dont even know where to start! but let me try :PThe graphics is amazing, the 2 campegin's have an unbelievbley amazing and deep plot to them, the weapon's system is absalutly mind blowing, and much more!Defintley recommended by me 11/10 Go buy it!"
,Recommended,239140,14284266,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,hounddog,u can run fast
,Recommended,239140,14192539,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Noxxic,"GT 750m SLI, runs fine 1080p"
,Recommended,239140,14196130,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Djackz,Its not dead island!
76561198020085437,Recommended,239140,14198390,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nokzen,"Quality Game! Cant write much, need to get back to playing! You should too!http://youtu.be/W3cv-SXGi3s"
,Recommended,239140,16626579,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,♊[2LEK`S]™Swegesk00pz,──────────────────────────────▓▓█───────────────────────────────────▒██▒▒█─────────────────────────────────█▓▓▓░▒▓▓──────────────────────────────▒█▓▒█░▒▒▒█─────────────────────────────▒█▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▓▒─────▓▓▒░──────────────────▓█▒▒▒▓██▓▒░▒█─────█▓▓██▓░──────────────▓█▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒█─────▓█▓▒▒▓██▓░──────────▒█▒▒▒▒▒██▓█▓░░▓▒────▓▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓░──░▒▒▓▓██▒▒▒▒▒▒█████▒▒▒▓────▓░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█▓█▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▓██▒░▒█────▓░▓█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓████▒▒▒█────▓░▓██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓██░░░█────▓░▓███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▒▓▓───▒▒▒██▓▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▒█────▓▒█▓▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▓▓▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▒───▓▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓──────▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▓█───▒▒▓▒▒▒▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓───░▓▓───█▓▒▒▒▒▒█────█▒▒▓▓▓▒▒▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓───█████▓──█▓▒▒▒▒▓▒───▓▓█▒─────▒▓▒▒▒▒▒█───░██████──░█▒▒▒▒▓▓───▓█▒──▒███─▒▓▒▒▒▒█────██████───▓▒▒▒▒▒▓───██───█████─█▒▒▒▒█─────███▓────▓▓▒▒▒▒▓───█▓───█████─▒▓▒▒▒█─────────────█▓▓▓▒▒▓───█▓───░███──░▓▒▒▒▓█──────────░█▓▒▒▒▓▒▓───██─────────▒▓▒▒▒▒▓▓──────░▒▓█▓────░▓▓───▓█░────────█▓██▓▒▒▓█▓▓▓▓██▓▓▒▓▒░░▒▓▒▓───▒██░──────▓▒███▓▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▒▓─────█▓█▓▓▒▒▓█▓▒░██▒▒▓▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█▒────▓─░▓▓▓▓▓▒▓▓▓▓▒▓▓▓▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓────▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█░─░░░─▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓██▓▒─────█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓─░░░─▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▒▒▓▒──────██▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒─────░─▒██▓▓▒▒▒▒▒█▓▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓──────────░▒▓▓▓▓▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓████▓▓█▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█░
76561198154679690,Recommended,239140,35450229,Posted: 3 October,all,xd™,Broke My Spacebar in Half 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14247675,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,i hate most zombie games ...but this one is good
,Recommended,239140,14190883,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kain,"After playing it for quite a while I can say the gameplay is very good and entertaining. For a ""zombie"" game it surely feels very good, fighting fast infected and special infected isn't that simple which makes it interesting. Fighting against humans is also nice, the only easier to kill are the slow infected. Graphics are amazing, map is very large and there are lots of skills in-game that make it even more interesting such as making oyur character get better at parkour ( so he will climb faster and such ).So far I am affected by the AMD processor problem related to the game ( as the dev also said in last patch ), other than this I can say this game was totally worth my money and I have no regrets."
76561198011531368,Recommended,239140,23995000,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hellraiser,absolutely amazing.best zombie game ever.
,Not Recommended,239140,18794461,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"This game a nice frame sometimes. When you're indoors, or looking at a wall. The video settings are useless. Blur still exists after turning off motion blur. Massive performance spikes after the tutorial. So now I can't play it after 2 hours of play, or get a refund.Gameplay is also broken.Die falling off a tower? We'll respawn you back at the top.Finally get down and die in an unrelated incident? Back up to a different ♥♥♥♥ing tower.Unpredictable parkour, and broken animations.Edit: Game is still broken after last update.Edit: Game is *still* broke as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239140,21041496,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Fid,"I dive-kicked a zombie off a building. 10/10.In seriousness however, this game is fantastic. Good length in turns of enjoyment time and some very nicely refined mechanics. Parkour makes you feel like a badass and there is a lot of freedom in turns of choosing how to get past large groups of zombies if you are in a rush.Probably easier to point out the few cons rather than the long list of pros.-Parkour can be a bit iffy at times, i don't know if this is caused from using a 360 controller instead of keyboard and mouse. Not helpful when Crane decides to leap down a 10 or so stories to an untimely death instead of grabbing the nice ergonomic ledge in front of him.-To be honest thats about all i can think of at the moment. Get the game!"
,Recommended,239140,22298213,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[B.A.B] F A T H E R M O C K E R,"Do you recommend this game?... a very big YESjust look at the gameStore screeenshots  ,,thats what u get and much more ;D(but better play Dying Light ""Harran City"" ,first since ""The Following"" Country side zombies (only the new bitten) is way faster and it be a more brutal region. ;D **edit heheu CANT enter country side ""The Following"" before your ""legend"" skill tree is level-ed up.nice rich Storie *(more about fight regular soilders then zombies and very fast u be climbing buildings like a monkey) , nice side quest missions , wicked monsters/zombies ,high class parkour ,(supersuper buggy in The Following ),aaaah and the graplinghook + + + ;D personaly i mainly play it single player but ,, game has super nice easy axsess for other random or from your freindslist ,,to join , on each other progresss... whatevr stage or issue u got whatevr spot u be u get warning about how many other players be at just that erea ... easy clik, opt for player coop,, and they start popp in. ;Dand game also have insane popular multiplayer - Night Hunter Vs upto 4players(barely tested bouth part monster /player ). skillz needed hehe..damn that Night hunter be faster then a ghost.**u very afraid darkness or fear of heights..this game might not be for you ;D and u might try the Demo first* also ad there be aloooot looting/crafting but it fit game nicely.http://store.steampowered.com/app/381570/highly recomend this game with all it's content.and it's so far away from what those great DEV's other game serie Call of Juarez  that u can get, exsept beeing GREAT.*pardon me gramma , relative poor English , and lack of words : )"
76561198256233543,Not Recommended,239140,33246761,Posted: 4 July,all,Mefiston,"Dying Light is a mile wide and an inch deep. I very much liked the landscape design and zombies, but everything else seems like an afterthought.The plot isn’t necessarily bad, but the story line is just awful. I found myself skipping every bit of dialogue because of its banal nature and outright stupidity. Literally everyone is a shallow quest-giving simpleton who walks a fine line between an eccentric wasteland survivor with minor autism, and eccentric wasteland survivor with crippling autism. When talking to a NPC, just assume you need to go somewhere and kill something. None of them are the parkour master / secret agent that you are, so I wouldn’t waste my time getting to know them.I really wanted to finish this game because I did enjoy playing with others. Even the random players I met were fun and easy to work with. However, the combat mechanics and repetitive game play were just too annoying for me to reach completion."
76561198008558459,Recommended,239140,14290881,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Samek,"Si t'aime les décors à couper le souffle, des combats vraiment saignants et ne jamais te sentir en sécurité (ever), ce jeu est pour toi!"
,Recommended,239140,31762439,Posted: 14 May,all,SCP-173,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,239140,22325972,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Atrocitus,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄Yayınlanma 8 Ağustos 2015.	Son düzenlenme 17 Mart.
,Recommended,239140,14321722,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Locus,10/10 IGN
,Recommended,239140,14517271,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[СCСР☭]Gasmask mun,best to play with your friends!
,Recommended,239140,25603117,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,CoolGuyRift,"It's about time I re-did my review on Dying Light.Not gonna lie, I haven't beating the story, nor The Following, but I have played the hell out of both, and both are fantastic. Don't get me wrong, the storyline isn't bad, but I just haven't put forth the effort into finishing it.Dying Light is basically a cross between Mirror's Edge and Dead Island, and is more fun than either one of them. Parkour is smooth with a controller and keyboard and mouse, combat isn't as easy as Dead Island (at least at first), and that is definetly not a bad thing. Graphics are beautiful, and voicing is pretty darn good. Not to mention The Following DLC is a fantastic change of pace from the original story.Overall, Dying Light is a fantastic game, and should definetly be picked up during a sale.There is also a grappling hook 10/10"
76561198073197141,Recommended,239140,14219770,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Cabbus,Step 1: Kill zombiesStep 2: ProfitStep 3: Kill more zombies
76561198039351102,Recommended,239140,14423717,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,🎃 Spoooky Jammy 🎃,£40 to drop kick zombies 10/10
,Recommended,239140,21073316,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Charlie Brown,"i Still dont know how to do some quest of the Following enhanced and i still dont know to use the car, and how to get the quest, but i really excited about this edition but help me to do that enchanced edition stuff pls!!"
,Recommended,239140,14227429,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Shade,10/10 Would Dropkick Player Zombies Again
76561198083147589,Recommended,239140,14237677,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Madyshady01,BEST ZOMBIE GAME EVER... GOOD NIGHT GOOD LUCK.
,Recommended,239140,29694705,Posted: 4 February,all,MzNeko,parkour + zombie + all item = BEST GAMEsome advice pls add NPC Sexy Women PLSSSGood Night And Good Luck~
,Recommended,239140,14194903,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,☐ NOT FORA ☑ FORA,"8/10I am throughly enjoying this game over all. I've enountered a few bugs, none of which effect my gameplay, and I have had some graphical glitches and screen tearing. (My PC is barely at the minimum requirements.)Pros-Crafting is easy and relevent.Scaveging is easy and relevent.Zombie types are varied and tough (at least early on.)Human NPC AI is bearable. (They actively dodge and kick you, as do some zombie types.)Story is fairly engaging. I care about what is going on.Tons of side stuff to do, and bonus objectives if you play CoOp based on what you're already doing.Nighttime is scaryCons-My PC isn't great.Nighttime is scary.Weapons have a certain number of possible repairs. (I like and dislike this feature. I broke my favorite weapon forever. :( )Some gameplay bugs in CoOp that are minor and irrelevent.Gravity hurts. (Not really that much of a con, but learning is hard. :( )"
76561198064204906,Recommended,239140,14196154,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SilverAgent,This is one of the best fps Zombie killing games of 2015 !! Nothing more to say Guys get it :D
76561198099030258,Recommended,239140,14200958,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jameson,"Dead Island on crack, If u liked Dead Island you will love this!"
76561198082333659,Recommended,239140,14200951,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Davandine,"Great game so far, for those worried about AMD cards im fine on max settings with constant 50+ frames with the r9 290.Maybe im just lucky or others are unlucky but it certainly works fine on some AMD cards"
,Recommended,239140,14410500,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,☣Sleepy Sir☣,Love this game.
,Recommended,239140,26623848,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,monk king,"Which it is called Dying Light Enhanced Edition, within it, the game, you have to do parkour and you have to JUMP to ESCAPE a zombie. I hit SPACE to skip story so I can HIT a zombie WITH a shovel. When I look at fire, my framerate drops."
76561198004066778,Recommended,239140,14208934,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Blade,this game is amazing yes some issues but i hope techland will surport and fix bugs i did not suffer any major issues other then i have to run on low settings as this game needs serious power to run ! but the game its self is simple amazing scenes are breath taking with a very well relized city scape that is your play ground at day time and your very scary obstical course at night fighting mechanics simerlar to dead island altho zombies take a hell of a beating witch is good coz 1 or 2 yer you can manage but 10 20 u run and trust me their is alot of running the parkour is beatiful takes a few runs to learn the sweet spots and judge distances but when you get it it flows great plz upgrade comp and play this game its the ultimate zombie experience !!!
76561198108546506,Recommended,239140,14251741,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MC GAZZA,"This game is a masterpeice everything in the game flows so well, like a song the beat picks up and slows down when it needs to be. The parkor is just amazing runing jumping and climbing from roof to roof. the combat is great and with the combat skill tree it just gets better and better as the game goes on same with the parkor geting upgrades as the game goes on the loot and wepons are great from pipes to knife to slegehammers there is so many whepons and on top of that you can make those wepons have fire damage shock the bleeding effects. The world of harran is populated with zombies with different types being introduced though out the game the zombies feel stupid in a good way like the way a zombie is ment to be stupid wonders around untill somthing catches there eye (you) they are attracted to sound, the parkor is good for movment but is also great to get around zombies such as jumping off of them and use them to get some hight of them all in all this game is the best game i have played in my life and i cant recomend it more"
,Not Recommended,239140,23381635,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,b0st0n,"This game is one of the best game i have ever played it makes me Fart on my fat wifes waffles if you know what i mean. Minecraft should have a gamemode where there are 2 teams that fight eachother and one of them has a gun.♥♥♥♥♥♥victim stories can be very difficult to read, frightening and emotionally draining for some but stories of♥♥♥♥♥♥show other victims that they are not alone in their struggles.♥♥♥♥♥♥stories detail the many abuses that some people suffer and yet survive and go on to succeed in recovering and regaining control of their lives THAT IS WHY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS GOOD FOR OUR COUNTIRY WE NEED TO GET ALL THE PEOPLE WHO LIVE IN THE USA TO GET OUT OF THE USA BECUSE THIS IS THE BEST COUNTRY EVER PLESE HELP I DONT KNOW HOW TO TURN OFF MY CAPS LOCK. ONE SEC ILL BE RITE BACK I NEED TO G OWALK MY DOG.IM BACK ohhhhh there is i found it it is the button next to the aaaaaaaa keysorry i pressed the aaaa key alot its bouncy aaaaaaa hahahahaha aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee this is funaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaA little over a year-and-a-half ago, my husband chose to molest my 6 year old daughter"
76561198166818512,Recommended,239140,23740663,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jordan Andrews,honestly this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥i just got it todau after watching reviews it is such a good game. 1. i do is play the begining and skip everything cause im ♥♥♥♥ing cool. 2. unlocks multiplayer. 3. doesn't find anyone plays for 1 min and someone joins. 4. hangs out with the guy for 2 hours and are going to complete the game and play following together. 10/10 im going to play with him again.
76561198016276776,Recommended,239140,14486541,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,#Picks#WeeWooWeeWooWeeWooWeeWoo,"All around a great game with a few minor inconsistencies. 8/10.The Good:The graphics are very good and the maps are open and absolutely filled with free-running opportunities.The parkour is great when it works.Zombies aren't MMO enemies with stupid health bars.There is a huge difference between nighttime and daytime gameplay, which makes for a very broad and content-rich game.There is a good enough variety of zombie models.The story is engaging for the most part.A plethora of Easter eggs and minute details that are either plain fun or really add to the atmosphere of a doomed city.Weapons are DEADLY.The Bad:I've experienced several extremely frustrating deaths due to the game deciding I didn't grab that ledge or deciding I didn't press MMB to use my grappling hook. The free running mechanics just don't work 100% of the time like they should.My game will freeze and lag when zombies latch onto to me or swarm me. Spitter bombs also cause this. I exceed the recommended specs and play with no view distance and medium textures.Your attacks are often canceled far too early (IMO) by zombies triggering the escape animation where you must mash F or press E (if you have the skill) to free yourself. The zombie may be feet away from you, and you cannot control Crane once the animation is triggered.While the walker zombies have a good enough variety, the special infected do not. They all look the same.Walkers are extremely easy to kill, so an inconsistency arises when facing certain types of special infected. Normally, the zombies just feel like vulnerable zombies but there are these outlandish and hard to believe special infected that feel too much like boss zombies. Some would argue, but I feel they just don't mesh well with the rest of the game. It's as if they are relics from Dead Island."
,Recommended,239140,14225906,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,My Epic System,an excellent start to 2015
76561198002402890,Recommended,239140,22887597,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,punkguy0017,i fing love this game . the best freaking zombie game on the market out there!!
,Recommended,239140,20532948,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Xenu,This game is about drugs. buy it for all your friends
76561198132947375,Recommended,239140,16188695,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,StrongRocket,Its so fun!
76561197970429767,Recommended,239140,14439957,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,*Gen*HeroCrusher,Pros- Very fun co-op with friends.- Good amount of content.- Awesome graphics and sound.- Premium gore and animations.- Active dev's and tech support.- Mod support!- Awesome apocalytpic atmosphere.Cons- Takes a beefy system and alot of ram to run at a decent FPS.- Some Amd user report bad performance.. awaiting patch..What else can I say... if you want to get gory with some friends then go for it!GOOD LUCK AND GOODNIGHT!
,Recommended,239140,14629281,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Cakey,The first night sets the tone for this game. Frantic screaming and running off a cliff has never been so much fun.10/10. Can not recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,239140,14216316,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Warby,"I've only played this game for a short time and it's amazing so far, feels completely new and different to dead islandAlso all the bad reviews from people sayinf FPS drops and such will not have the right settings on in the game.My config is this:i5 4670K 3.4GHzAMD radeon 290 4gb mem8gb Ramand all i did was turn V-sync off, adjust the view distance and disable all the settings related to Nvidia graphics card as mine is a radeon and it's been fine so far only 1 crash and that was due to me trying to ALT TAB the game so for now i give 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,25377099,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tsεvrah,"1. Buy this game when it on sale! (because of disappointing ending - VERY!!!)2. play with friends if you have (co-op is more fun)3. Fun gameplay, good graphic especially the enhanced edition4. Very..very..very..very..VERY..VERY bad story especially the ending!! god it was awful! play it and you know how it feel! (Thank gad for good gameplay mechanics)5. What The Hell!! with the legendary skill point! so grinding so absurd. Do yourself a favour - Google search ""HOW TO GLITCH legendary XP""!! lol Just kidding!6. Do not rush to finish the game! (you see the ending, 100% chance you will uninstall this game immediately!!), enjoy every $$$ of your puchase by doing all the mission, the pakour gameplay and zombie killing are good!7. Don't be a pu-ssy, do play at night, it is fun and scary."
76561198047345951,Recommended,239140,14260051,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kaneki,i like this game fun to just run around and just kill zombies just cause but NH are very fun but have 2 HUGE downsides the hunter has this purple spit that messes up ur UV light and thats ur KEY item that drains his stamina so he cant insta kill u ok understandable for a get away but he can INSTAKILL u he shouldnt be able to insta kill u when u cant defend urself and the hunter has this UV shield that deflect the UV rays and he shouldnt be able to do his version of grapple because he can out run the human so fast and he can insta kill u while in that mode those 2 things make the zombie too OP because u could spam that the whole game and win and everytime some1 does either one of thos things it drives me past insanity but on the good side of things like i said this game would get like a 7 or 8 normal mode and a 5 or 6 due to those 2 complaints of mine.
,Recommended,239140,14237741,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,⚡ᦄNaCl as Fuck☑⚡,"This game is fantastic. It really brings the fear back into zombie games. Nighttime is terrifying, but the rewards can be worth it.I think the game itself has extremely nice flow, its not too linear, but it helps you get in the right direction. you can however, explore as much as you would like. I've spent 22 hours in the game (at the time of posting this review) and my completion is 20%. The world is not HUGE, not yet for me at least (not sure if it will transition into another zone or similar) however, every nook and cranny can contain something fantastic.The combat has flow, and at this point in the game, i've just started finding firearms. I keep finding myself going back to the good old melee weapons, as the guns are loud as hell, and just attract more attention.The few downsides that exist:-Requires a monster machine (which I don't have. My machine is 3 years old, and was built together using leftover parts from wherever i could find some.)-The facial animations are sub-par, the characters themselves could be saying whatever, if you weren't able to hear or have the subtitles on.- The game can feel grindy at certain points, but having played many korean MMOS such as Kabod online, Blade and soul, Archeage, and a few others, this game is EASY.Hope you enjoy your gameplay experience, if you decide to purchase this game."
,Recommended,239140,14442610,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Tripod,Fun with others repetitive alone.
76561198069546593,Recommended,239140,14598396,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dawson,good
,Not Recommended,239140,15067824,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,google,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,239140,25888239,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bubbha,A bloody good time.
,Recommended,239140,33202639,Posted: 3 July,all,KKyhn,Great game. worth every single penny! great open world game just like skyrim. also great game
,Recommended,239140,14571735,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,whats gibby thinking about?,"after this most recent patch, the game has run flawlessly maxed out on a 760 2GB. Really fun game to play with friends. Worlds best mum"
,Recommended,239140,14204211,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Icyphoenix,"I really enjoy this game even though i crash about every ten minutes due to 0x887a0005, perhaps its because i dont play on an alienware."
,Recommended,239140,14605470,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,selling trump steaks @ $99/steak,"You don't have to have liked Dead Island to like this game. While there are stunning similarities, Dying Light does what Dead Island couldn't do and more."
,Recommended,239140,14441899,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Jenny Thalia,"Going back to Skyrim, after playing this game for more than 25 hours, I found that TESV is very restricting. Now ranting on Bethesda why they didn't allow my khajiit to do parkour.Please don't buy this game if you don't want to get disappointed with your other first-person games."
,Recommended,239140,14501232,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,mrpw18,This is just a well made game. Been a long time since I enjoyed a game this much!
,Recommended,239140,14288327,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mr.Cocaine,"I really suggest this game,if you like parkour , freerunning :D"
,Recommended,239140,14487932,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,4K Dragon,this is the best game ever!! I love it 69/10 <3
,Recommended,239140,23993235,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pickle RIck,*Discovers explosives arrows**Proceeds to kill everyone on my team**night hunter launches at me**whole team dies*10/10 would kill again
76561198114216902,Recommended,239140,23008059,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Diaboromon,would kill another zombie 10/10
,Recommended,239140,26458761,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Slipknot0477,Dying Light это :-Я вам топливо дал ?-Дал-Я вам машину дал ?-Дал . А где бензопила ?-Какая бензопила ?
,Recommended,239140,14218489,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tom Warner,10/10 Best Floor is Lava simulator
76561198180880898,Recommended,239140,23513206,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheOdd1sout,"amazing game, great graphics, great story, awesome weapons and zombie this is a best buy!"
,Recommended,239140,23791994,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,WANTED FROG,This game has an amazing story and the parkour is in my opinion more fluent than mirrors edge. There are quite a few DLC packs but each and every one of them makes sure you don't regret buying them.Spectacular game.10/10 would play in VR ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198033034759,Recommended,239140,24112106,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HaukanSilmae,Gut game
,Recommended,239140,32403170,Posted: 13 June,all,Barnacle Man,Good Game
,Recommended,239140,30846062,Posted: 30 March,all,MatchaZ,Good GameI like this Gameplay it have alot things you can do in Dying light and the parkour it like a REALIFE !! I LIKE THIS GAME
,Recommended,239140,32946177,Posted: 28 June,all,Strazz,> Random players joins you> Drops dope weapons and guns with infinite ammoLikes the game nevertheless.
76561198042999879,Recommended,239140,14235861,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bodman,"I know there are already quite a few great reviews of this game but I wanted to throw my 2 cents in since I've been enjoying it so much.  I've got to say, Dying Light has well exceded my expectations in just about every way.  I figured I knew what I was getting since there's been a fair bit of pre-launch coverage on IGN and the like but man, none of the gameplay demos I saw do it justice.  Here's a quick list of all my pros:-It has run like a dream since day 1 which was a pleasent surprise, us poor PC gamers have been treated to a slew of horrendous launches over the last 6 months so it's nice to see that some developers can actually get it right without 10 gigs of post-launch patching (looking at you Assassin's Creed Unity)-The graphics are gorgeous!-It's considerably longer than I expected.  I've put in about 15 hours doing side quests and scavenging intermittently between story missions and the completion percentage tracker says I'm only 32% of the way through the story.  I'm pretty sure I've got another solid 10 hours or so ahead of me.-Everything is incredibly fluid and satisfying, the parkour blends seamlessly into the combat and vice versa and you always feel like you've got options regardless of the situations you may find yourself in.-The game does an excellent job of making the zombie hord a real threat that you actually have to account for and navigate around.  Sure, one or two zombies can be taken down with relative ease but forget about dealing with two dozen coming down the street for you at once.-I could list many more but I'll end with one of the things that surpised and pleased me the most; the quality of the voice acting is superb and the story and surrounding characters are actually interesting.  In a game that essentially revolves around fetch quests (and I really don't mean that in a bad way, the context and mechanics dictate that the game play out that way and I wouldn't change a thing) I was surprised to find myself actually paying attention to the cutscenes and dialogue you catch when running into the occasional NPC.  These moments really ground the experience and make you forget that all you're really doing is moving from Point A to Point B.Cons:Basically none, I've only experienced one crash in nearly 15 hours of gameplay and no other notable performance issues."
,Recommended,239140,14268813,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ivitty,"There's few things more satisfying than dropkicking a zombie to the ground, then hammer him in the face with a wrench until his skull cracks and blood pops out like an explosion out of his head.I haven't had this much fun with a game in years!"
76561197966489230,Recommended,239140,14264947,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The_best1,Great Game if i should compare the game with any other i would say borderlands with parkour and zombie slaying.. GFX is the best in this game i cant even compare any other game with this.. If you are up for hack and slash and mind blowing quests and even better some good view over the city.. Buy the game.. The one thing i dont like is that if you have played together with a friend and done his missions you havent completed your own mission so be rdy for doing some reruns if you wanna co-op and then play single player.  score : 9/10
76561198064484633,Recommended,239140,14216939,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Klono,"9/10, wold put 10/10 but the optimization for PC isn't on point, once optimized 10/10."
76561198036689321,Recommended,239140,14232813,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,PhysX,"Good game , interesting story and gameplay.Nice effects and graphics. Recommend to play it !"
76561198086342672,Recommended,239140,14269805,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DannyG,3/10 Gameplay is great . story is great and the graphics are great however it loses points because your character doesnt get laid
,Recommended,239140,14472520,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Noctane,Mirrors Edge + Dead Island = ♥♥♥♥♥♥ --> baby --> grown bigger.11/10.
76561198175039719,Recommended,239140,26280782,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,It's an ok game
,Recommended,239140,14612694,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,No.78,This is the game that dead island should have been.9/10
,Recommended,239140,14280886,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bucky14,What Dead island should of been
,Recommended,239140,14355208,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SLOVENIJA NPX-,U really have to buy this game guys... 100%  recommended for testing graphic cards
,Recommended,239140,14381029,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Big Burrito,"superb game. Great preformance, fun, multiplayer coop. Get it."
76561198092078539,Recommended,239140,14420286,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Syko,Dying Light is love Dying Light is Life! <33
76561198122208084,Recommended,239140,14411894,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Aku Aku,Its dropkicking time!
,Recommended,239140,14568567,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sorrow,must have but season pass is not worth it zombies extremly underpowered to uva lights that never die multiplay is garbage single is gold
,Recommended,239140,14565173,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Bolexle,"Mirror's edge, Dead Island and Dead Rising combined. Awesome game as long as you don't take the story too seriously."
76561198114344224,Recommended,239140,14565345,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ali Ghost,"Omg! AWESOME!!I really recommend this game, it's amazing."
,Recommended,239140,14566162,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,CuLa,Best game ever! :)
76561198242275782,Recommended,239140,22505834,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,۞۞K۞@۞J۞O۞,we need a sale plzzz
,Recommended,239140,22507812,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Bowser,shut up and take my money
,Recommended,239140,22375561,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,PenguinHD,It's actually a pretty good game and Troy Baker does a great job as CraneThe ending quick time event fight is just ♥♥♥♥ing terrible though... specially after having other boss battles actually being real fights. Such a let down.The game is great though.
,Recommended,239140,14865435,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,wash1k,"Всем приветдорогие разработчики игра просто крутая, но есть минусы-то что оружия типо ножей армейский лопат трубы серпы все пропадают к 24 уровнюплюсы+ игра интересная даже очень о ней можно говорить бесконечно+ крутой паркур и система боято что оружия типо ножей армейский лопат трубы серпы все пропадают к 24 уровню   исправьте пожалуйста"
76561197997174946,Recommended,239140,22347053,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sharp Solid,Combine of Dead Island & Dead Island: Riptide with improved graphics.A nice zombie-parkour game.
,Recommended,239140,14191617,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,AComfyPillow,"Firstly, I have a GTX 980 overclocked to 1500 MHZ, an i5 4690k overclocked to 4ghz, 16gb of Ram and this game will not stay over 60 fps at its lowest settings. (1366 x 768 resolution. Baller.) Average of 45. And you sure as hell notice it.Gameplay is fun tho, 6/10."
,Recommended,239140,14195517,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Redfern156,"Very good game, better playing with friends, good storyline so far."
76561198072221967,Recommended,239140,14233696,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Spode,"Polished, Visually impressive, and Intuituve, with a Darker and deeper story than Dead island's, with THE best parkour system of any recent game thrown in too. Night is scary and intense, forcing tactical play and Daring chases as well. Loot is varied and worthwile with weapons found on enemies, in Shops, and in loot caches, as well as random supply drops every now and then. I have clocked well over 12 hours into the game and im only 50% done, not including sdie quests and collectibles. It is without a doubt the best AAA game to come out in the past 2 years, And shows that the Triple A genre hasnt had its... Dying light, yet.8.1/10 - TheSpode"
76561197992627709,Recommended,239140,14264417,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hotmush,"Gameplay- It plays much like a cleaner, better looking, more fluid, and more fun dead island. It feels like dead island with a larger budget. Running up walls to escape a horde, finding safety as night approaches, using upgraded abilities to kill more zombies with greater zest- it all works and works well. In terms of game play it was everything that dead island was supposed to be. [9.5/10]Graphics/sound- The sound is effective at creating a serious atmosphere- when a zombie is right on top of you, you hear it. When a horde is approaching- you hear it. It is all done well enough to keep you engaged though it is not really stand out to me. The graphics are nice, clean textures- great environments, and good character models really sell the experience. Expect some frame rate issues when game play picks up.However there were no broken quests. In a game this size you have to expect a few bugs right? [8.5/10]Story- This is the underwhelming portion. The story is far more serious than that of dead island. No dark humor, no super cheesy characters (well not as cheesy). You find yourself helping the few survivors in the city with fetch quests and the typical point A to point B. There are a couple surprises. [8.5/10]In all this game is a great zombie experience. Fun gameplay, great graphics, and a very well done open world make this an adventure worth having, even if the story falls short... An 8.8 out of 10"
,Recommended,239140,14237524,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,`MetsuEviL,Awesome survival game!  This is what dead island suppose to be like (ofcourse everyone says this) But its true!GET IT!! DON'T WAIT!
,Recommended,239140,14242331,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,`K e n n y,"The game is very interesting, it is worth to buy, you can play as one and friends held company, an interesting plot, lots of fun and fervor, optemezirovana game is perfect, so if you are thinking of buying or not, I advise you to take, because it costs this :)"
,Recommended,239140,14855180,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ruff Wizard,its ok
,Recommended,239140,14244518,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DickHardly,pretty good. still some bugs that need to be fixed. some kinda of cpu choke on the game not letting it run amazing but i can still get above 100fps with everything maxed. combat is fun story is 8/10 and the movement is fluid. 8/8 gr8 game m8
,Recommended,239140,14524168,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Big Boss,"First of all, if you have come far enough to read the comments, buy the damn game already!The first time in a long time that i've been unable to put a game down, it is fun on so many levels and I have not yet even played the multiplayer...The storyline is captivating and everything else is just...awesome! There is plenty of side quests and grnding to be done too, but after completing everything as I went along I eventually got sucked into the story and was rushing around as if I was in Haraan myself.Buy it!"
,Recommended,239140,33816871,Posted: 26 July,all,Aplem,I've played 35 hours and I'm still not sure if this is a zombie game or just a simulation of how life is in India or something.
,Recommended,239140,14380961,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's aite.
,Recommended,239140,22488565,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Grelo,extremely fun game. many weapons which makes the game even more fun to be able to change it up
76561197968268463,Recommended,239140,22094344,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,666,Probably one of the best games i've played.I strongly recommend everyone to try it out!
76561198154524545,Recommended,239140,22476376,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mike,Awesome game!Definitally worth the pickup just to try it!Just remember..Dont stay out to late ;)...
76561198069449771,Recommended,239140,14282823,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,palo,"gr8 game i r8 8/8 m8 no hesit8, you could even ask k8 or n8 over a d8 with a full pl8 of dying light b8"
76561198348325668,Recommended,239140,32398295,Posted: 13 June,all,sir,its fun k
76561198107730156,Recommended,239140,25550202,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,FloYt' h1z1swap.com,cool game
,Recommended,239140,20346303,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tantibus Fanclub Leader,its like dead island but frickin good
,Recommended,239140,14232254,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bryndor,"I have almost nothing but praise for this game. Damn is it good. The parkour is amazing, fast, fluid and sometimes dangerous. The day night cycle has been perfectly balanced, and you won't be getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at how often night comes around. The combat is satisfying as all hell and brutal. Some people believe it to be exactly like Dead Island combat, but I was not fond of that combat at all.The story was a surprise. I thought this was gonna be a great♥♥♥♥♥♥around game, yet I started to care about what happens to the characters, and was affected by the plot throughout the entire thing. This game is a bit strange when it comes to performance though. The View Distance bar is the only thing that really effects performance, so if you do get this game, set that to about a quarter of the way or half way, that should do fine with BARELY any difference at all. These issues are said to be getting fixed by Techland in the near future. (They did, but in a way that didn't make much sense)There are plenty of weapons, side quests, and a massive open world to play in. The one HUGE problem I have with this game is something that happens ONCE, and that is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and annoying QTE boss fight. The entire game doesn't have them except when zombies bite you for about 3 seconds, so why the developers put a rather long one randomly in a boss makes little sense. No one likes QTEs.The night time is... intense. I have experienced it quite a bit now and I still panic. My heart rate rises whenever I go out at night. Sometimes terrifying things will happen, and escaping with your life in those situations is a different kind of rush I haven't felt in a game before.Other than that, I can't think of any bad things about this game. I don't want to give scores anymore since I feel its a bit unfair to the developers to just assign their game a number, so I will sum it up. The world is gorgeous, the combat is great, parkour is fantastic and I hope one day there is a sequel to expand upon the parkour and maybe a different setting with a new city. I haven't had this much fun with a game in a long time, and have played it nonstop for 2 days whenever I got the chance.(Side Note: There is a Be The Zombie mode in this game, which is a pvp 1v4, 1v3, 1v2 or 1v1 gamemode that pitches a powered zombie up against the survivors. I have only played this once, playing against the lead game designer of this game, and all I can say is that both sides have OP abilities, all of which will be annoying for the opposing side, but I have not played it enough, or even want to, to write about it here. Its fun, but the singleplayer is better.)"
76561198150326159,Recommended,239140,22327085,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Coconut Head,Loads of fun and stuff to be done!
,Recommended,239140,14223618,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,archangel,"Dying Light is 1 of 2 games to you; it's either a 10/10 game that should not be missed, or you're an amd user and the game doesn't work.Yeah, the last boss fight is a qte cutscene and the bomber instadeath's can feel a little cheatsy, but the detail and design are bar-setting.If you came from Dead Island here's the main difference: leveling stat wise is largely gone, eliminating gear dmg creep and the need to constantly swap out weapons just because loot rng said so.  Weapons still get stronger as you progress and you level up, but the skills are more mechanical in nature, like getting a grappling hook."
76561198175264463,Recommended,239140,33257097,Posted: 4 July,all,N1NNY,"Put parkour element into a zombie game is a genius setting~If you want to experience what is like to running across the roof to dodge zombies,this game is for you~8/10"
,Recommended,239140,14308568,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Phozphol1c,The Floor is Lava10/10PS. Dying Light's nighttime makes me a little ♥♥♥♥ in my pants.
,Recommended,239140,14290108,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,NickFade,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.To help describe it, it's like a combination of Far Cry, Mirror's Edge, and Dead Island.The graphics are beautiful, though it's a pretty demanding game, you're going to need an above average PC to run this.The story is interesting and fun to go through, though I believe I'm just under half way through it as of writing this review, and have 16 hours on the game, so it's pretty long, and there are TONS of side missions to do and exploartion to be done aside from the main storyline.It's an absloute blast to play through the story with friends!I highly reccomend this game, if you can run it and if you like zombie games!It's a whole lot of fun :)"
76561198098597706,Recommended,239140,30831458,Posted: 30 March,all,(D☢N) ℝIGOℝ 𝕄OℝT𝕀S,"Yes,totally worth the buy.Highly recommended.The reason i kind of stop playing is that i was given cheat weapons by other players.Kind of lost interest to roam around and scavenge items.I have a shotgun with unlimited ammo that does so much dammage,it transforms the average zombie into strawberry jam in one shot.Still,i stand with what i said before,very well made game worth the buy."
,Recommended,239140,32859304,Posted: 27 June,all,armed tractor,you can parkour and smack peoples heads openwhat more do you want me to say
,Recommended,239140,22327011,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Wolfie1g,lol i didnt even know i had this in my library until now
,Recommended,239140,23728923,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MegaSon123,its kewl
,Recommended,239140,20197283,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nines,This game is awesome :) play with your friends to make it more better <3
76561197984885435,Recommended,239140,21041617,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Persistance®,"Amazing graphics, story line and all around game play.  I've went through the game twice so far and there's always something to explore that keeps me coming back.  Can't wait for the following to come out."
,Recommended,239140,14271701,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PURPLE RANGER GO!!!,"One of the greatest games. Dead Island, Mirror's Edge and Far Cry. All the crafting, parkour, and human/zombie interactions combined into an epic game."
,Recommended,239140,14271931,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sergent F.L,"During parkour:""What are you playing?""""ummm....mirrors ed....umm....Dying light""when fighting zombies:""what are you playing?""""Dead Isla...umm..Dying light""when capturing safe houses:""so umm what are you plaing this time?""""Oh, im playing far cr....ummm..Dying light""Morning:""what type of game is this?""""action i guess""Night:""what type of game is this?""""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥......ITS CHASING ME AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!""""THIS IS OUTCAS..... UMMMM DYING LIGHT."""
,Recommended,239140,14272111,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Eric,"Let me start off by saying that I have been waiting for and watching this game since 2013 and had extremely high expectations of it. I was not dissapointed, it had everything I had hoped for and more.The research I had done on the game came no where near close to the actual game play, and the story line. This game has everything I have ever looked for in a game wrapped into one glorious master piece.ProsGoreBalanced and creative combat systemWell-thought out parkour systemLootCrafting (weapons, weapon  lockpicks, med-kits, etc.)Gripping storyline with character development and plot twists, etc.Open world with random events such as saving someone, helping survivors, and random side questsQuest systemSpecial infectedBrutal intense nightsStealthMULTIPLAYERGood soundtrackSome humorReplay valueConsMinor glitches (Soon to be fixed)The world is so big and the graphics are so beautiful that some PCs might have trouble running it. (Check system requirements)Fairly short main storyline (finished the main story in about 20 hours), although there are many side missionsThink of this game as a mix between Far Cry (crafting, stealth), Dead Island (zombies, combat, special infected), Left 4 Dead (beautiful, mastered co-op and multiplayer, special infected, versus (Be The Zombie)), Mirrors Edge (parkour), etc."
,Recommended,239140,25605622,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Yung Stank™,Best in game parkour ever noots
76561198186209065,Recommended,239140,22231977,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,figodeamigo,The best game of all time can't stop playing itJust don't want to see this game to end👍👍👍
76561198209507152,Recommended,239140,22302143,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Намбарын ЭНХБАЯР,i like it
76561198005120121,Recommended,239140,22243819,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Whiskey,Just great
76561198043754097,Recommended,239140,22271578,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,bagOfDucks,Start co-op with friendFind Hazmat zombiesFriend hits pressurized tank on zombie with weaponZombie explodes10/10 would experience expected outcome again.
,Recommended,239140,14245722,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pencil Fox,"I Have come to quiet like this game.So, I wrote a song.MAKING MY WAY DOWNTOWNHAULING A**JUMPING FASTCAUSE OF ZOMBIESDA NANANANANANANA AND I'M LEAPIN'DA NANANANANANANA AND I'M SCREAMIN'DA NANANANANANANA AND NOW I QUESTIONWHY THE HELLDID I AGREETO RUN THE ♥♥♥♥FOR R-AH-AH-HIMI FLEW OVER A THOUSAND MILESTO GET A F*CKINGFILE--OH SH*T~That is my review.Great Game. Seriously, buy it~"
76561198078213464,Recommended,239140,14197854,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sukke,"For the olve of all that is right, someone help, when i started this game all the intro before title screen and any cinematics, have absolutely no volume at the momentin-game and title volume work but nothing else. fix?"
76561198137068085,Recommended,239140,14198164,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CHEWIE,This game is awsome i've been waiting for ages for this game and it did not disappointlove the parkcor. got the hang off it really quickly ive just completed the prologue so far the story is greatMy pc spec isintel i7 4790k oc 4.6ghz (watercooled)gigabyte g1 sniper gaming motherboard12gb ram2x r9 290 tri x oc 4gb vram 1100mhz120gb ssd with os3 x 250gb hddsmy fps in game is really good i can manage 60-120 fps depending on surroundings when i go outside its 60-70 fps max inside 100fps and up. i run on max settings apart from the nvidia settings because its pointless if you have an AMD gpu.ive heard people AMD systems can struggle due to optimization  but if you have an AMD gpu (r9 280x and up) backed up with intel  i5 and up your game will run above 25fps . due to fact theres a lot physics going on like flim grain affect and dust flying about smoke from burning buildings.if you do have an AMD system i would wait for updates if you can't go ahead a buy the game9/10 from me.
76561198189604497,Recommended,239140,15395788,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Whooper,"[::직접 플레이해보고 도출한 다잉라이트의 대표적인 특징 5가지::](After direct play, derived about  typical features five kinds)- 다른 좀비게임에 대비해 더욱 다양하고 지능적인 좀비(More diverse and intelligent zombies compared with other zombie games)- 미러스엣지와 데드아일랜드(or 킬링플로어)를 믹스한듯한 파쿠르 좀비게임.( Mirros Edge's + Dead Island (or KillingFloor) = dying light(parkour zombie game) )- 높은 사양을 요구하는 환상적인 그래픽(This game require high specs about fantastic graphic)- 게임의 컨셉과 분위기를 만들어주는 마성의 배경음악(The fascinating Background  music that makes the concept and ambience of the game)- 마치 현장에 있는듯한 서라운드 입체음향(Surround stereo sound)[::추천평::]심장, 비위가 약하신 분들에겐 비추하지만, 스릴있고 박진감 넘치는 게임을 즐기고 싶은 분들에겐 강추합니다!이 게임을 구매하기전에는 가격적인 면에서 꺼려질수있으나, 플레이해보고 캠페인을 다 끝난뒤에는 아깝다는 생각이 전혀 들지 않습니다."
,Recommended,239140,21093508,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Endarz,"Parkour, Zombies, Guns, Dune Buggies?! What more could you want from a game!"
,Recommended,239140,21126148,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,lazychocobo,hands down best open world zombie game out there
76561198067794947,Recommended,239140,22528022,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,soscmr,"Excellent game, love the survivor/parkour style, great graphics!"
76561198092096627,Recommended,239140,32519710,Posted: 17 June,all,hopamitica,"best game ever. played it twice on ps4, and once on pc."
,Not Recommended,239140,21822536,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,stonky honky,Dying Right
76561198277190486,Recommended,239140,25901121,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,KİRA,good game
76561198026940228,Recommended,239140,14221037,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Milky69,"Gme is just AWESOME , but to many ♥♥♥♥♥s afraid of Invasion mode , nabs"
,Recommended,239140,14265394,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gunnrunner,SO FAR SO GOOD!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,14265531,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Muke,"Kill zombies, Sleep."
76561198122430019,Recommended,239140,21486324,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,h i t m a n,good good
,Recommended,239140,25119686,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ftor,Not Bad \ 10
76561197982877381,Recommended,239140,14318769,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"I got this game with serious reservations due to some of the negative publicity around it but for the first time in a long time I was pleasantly surprised with this one.  A triple AAA title that is worth the moniker triple AAA for something other than just its price.However, what I can say is this.  I am having a damn good time playing this game but what gets in the way is the field of view.  There is a field of view slider so its a good port or crossover but it could still do with being wider..  Its not as bad as some console cross over games but its still pretty limited and it really stop a good game being a very good game.For once, the game, though multi platform seems to have had some effort put into the PC.  The graphics are good and within the limitations of the style (looks a bit next gen console) have some additional eye candy which really does enhance the visuals a bit in the enhanced edition.  The world looks far more ""alive"" than many similar games with wind and other effects playing a real part through foliage etc.   So looks wise, it is good depending on your experience and expectations.The gameplay itself is very entertaining. This is dead island done right.  I hesitate to put that due to the really negative connotations of dead island but take the concept, make it beautiful, make it work and take more of the console induced limitations out of a game like this and this is it.Actually, the game is less cartoonish than other games in this genre and the environment more immersive than say Dead Island ever was. The characters are not so annoying that you want to kick them to death before the zombies even realise that dinner can run and the plot is not intrusive if you want to play it like a bit of a sandbox.The environment is large enough to  be engaging, with a fair amount of real estate to explore which these days, is unusually good for a game like this.  It has pretty basic character development but overall its quite satisfying.The way the game progresses you start off thinking, hmmm, this is a bit weak but quickly, learn that with the night comes your wake up call. One of the outstanding aspects of this game is the balance.  You think your owning it, get complacent and get dead.The combat is fun and diverse enough to hold my interest, the use of environment and the way you navigate the environment also stands out.  Missions are relatively diverse and the storyline and subquests engaging and seem to contribute to the overall narrative.I left the best until last.  The best thing about all this is that it comes with a Field Of View slider.  OMG. At last, a company that worked out that nothing screams, terrible console port like using the terrible field of view consoles have to use to cover their hardwares weaknesses which to many PC games feels really strange and actually cause real nausea.  At last!. I would recommend it for that alone but fortunately, this game has a lot more going for it. I am putting a thumbs up but would make it 2 thumbs if I had the choice."
,Recommended,239140,14744984,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,red,"Best game I've played all year! Worth the money. The freerunning is awesome. Story plot is entertaining. Oh, and the various ways of killing infected is the best! I'd recommend 100+ times to anyone. Bravo!"
,Recommended,239140,23835911,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lord Tachanka^^,.........................ЭТО КОСМОС.....................
,Recommended,239140,22894611,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NotSoWeeb,Best 40 hours of my life !
,Recommended,239140,33921657,Posted: 30 July,all,didin_wijaya,great game ever
76561198042251989,Recommended,239140,21392884,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Fàncy♛,"These mans tryna sell the seasons pass as part of all the DLC. like bruh, do they know who i am, we mans are the stingeiest of the stinge, we cam smell♥♥♥♥♥♥like this from a mile away, so dont think that you mans are slick by tryna sneak that♥♥♥♥♥♥in their, well fckn cootose to you cause i found that♥♥♥♥♥♥ nice try Gaben you fat piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ overall good game tho."
,Recommended,239140,22816459,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Saint James =Vespertine=,This game is a great trigger for seizures
76561198211102124,Recommended,239140,19934259,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,seal_seal hellcase.com,itz a gud zombie game
,Recommended,239140,21734366,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,eragoon78 ケットシー,"Dying Light is a parkour game with zombies. They have an enhanced crafting system similar to dead island with unique weapons created by supplies you have looted from around the map.The story is pretty good and without going into too much detail you are an agent who is para dropped into the quarantine zone to locate a man who is threatening to release information on the virus.The gameplay is fast paced anmd is primarly melee combat with dodging and speed involved. The weapons are ranging from giant rebars with stone still on them to machetes that have been poisoned with zombie guts.Pros:Good story that is long and keeps you interestedIntense melee combatGreat parkour system, nearly everything can be climbedGreat crafting system""Be the zombie gamemode""Fun with friendsCons:Running from point A to point B can get old but is not too badKilling ""screamers"" is some what messed up. Google it if you want to know what they are but would spoil the game very minorly."
76561198195193981,Recommended,239140,22333322,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Crack Head,This game is super fun! I LOVE RUNNING THREW BILLION+ ZOMBIES ON A NICE FRIDAY NIGHT! but for real I Love this game! :D
,Recommended,239140,22334662,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,Good times are good.
,Recommended,239140,22335311,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[dxt.0r],"excellent game, makes you feel like a mix between Rambo and Rick Grimesand dont forget the dropkicks"
,Recommended,239140,24043731,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,sket,<3
,Recommended,239140,14608333,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lausk,Simply to put it.The best Zombie Game for 2015.
,Recommended,239140,30980064,Posted: 6 April,all,vcmomow,I can solo but having teammates would be fun!
,Recommended,239140,25905506,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Captain Dingus,"Extremely fun, and very few framerate drops from over 10 hours of playtime... and my graphics card is 6 years old. Many devs could learn from these guys on how to optimise a game, because this game looks pretty damn gorgeous, too.However, the ending can go crawl up a zombie's♥♥♥♥♥♥and die. Stupidly finicky parkour and QTEs make the ending really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for me, as I absolutely HATE QTEs with a vengeance. The rest of the game is great, but the ending is a QTE brawl and is extremely unsatisfying."
,Recommended,239140,29253675,Posted: 14 January,all,Zarthrag,"(This is concerning the base game)Simply put, it's awesome. It's difficulty scales at the right pace, and all of the items in the skill tree are useful - but never overpowered to the point of replacing player-skill.  The side missions are all worthwhile, and there's *plenty* of exploring to do.  At night, there are new dangers.The multiplayer, however, I didn't find to be fun.  Granted I only played it once, it felt lop-sided. Items used come from your single-player inventory, so your inventory, skill, & progress in the main game matters: a LOT.  Be warned.I didn't opt for the season pass or DLC until recently (2017), given the lack of content for the pass, and the full price for The Following.  However, if you can pick up ""everything"" for ~30, I'd call it a bargain.  The main game easily has 80hrs+ for a single-player completionist."
,Recommended,239140,18195840,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Yhwach,"A Zombie game with similar tropes to Dead Island, but managed to stray away from being like that. The story is average, but the gameplay is wonderful."
76561198062859385,Recommended,239140,14301464,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Hitman_Actual,This game took me by total suprise. Had no expectations of it being this good. I hope more mods and content is created.
76561198100248967,Recommended,239140,35445038,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,Kinda boring alone sometimes but really fun with a friend blyad.
76561198084417676,Not Recommended,239140,22074062,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mesa3D developer,"Rubbish Linux port, they did the minimum needed to call it a day then ship just to get more $$$. It is essentially completely broken."
,Not Recommended,239140,20485163,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Auschlit!!,"Modifying my review into negative just of the ♥♥♥♥ing DEMOLISHER part .... 200HP ... dodge... still get damage, and full of bugs (like getting damage when you are not supposed to and all kind of stuff like that)"
,Not Recommended,239140,19178019,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,s2pid boi,"if you expect a multi player game, just dont buy it.. no one plays online anymore"
,Recommended,239140,35451955,Posted: 3 October,all,KaptaNN,♥♥♥♥in Runners
76561198078044782,Recommended,239140,22289297,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,neoZatoichi,Best zombie game ever created by man up to now.
,Recommended,239140,15435086,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mr Mcgoo,Great game. Dead Island with free running = immense gameplay. however this game does seem to crash alot for no apperent reason which can damage the gameplay. hopefully a patch fix will be up soon ;)
,Recommended,239140,35467352,Posted: 4 October,all,Echo_11,我最爱的丧尸游戏，比死亡岛要好。当年盗版玩通关了三遍，现在支持正版入手还是回味无穷。
,Recommended,239140,28696766,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Deathicael,"Loved the gameplay , best hack and slash zombie slaying game in a while , but that ending ... that was on par with Mass Effect 3. Whole game you train to level up and get better weapons just to have the guy you've been chasing with furious vengeful wrath to end up a QTE?! Serious let down devs , not even funny."
,Recommended,239140,14196398,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Terrance,"My char's progress has been erased somehow,my whole inventory dissapeared. Awesome game."
,Recommended,239140,14199113,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Retoro-San,"""I Ca1n't RuN iT!!! OH EM G333!!!!!!!!"" Please. Please. Please stop.Playing this at a minimum of 35 fps outdoors, avg. ~43 outdoors, 60-70 fps indoors on medium 1920x1080 settings on the following rig:NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660, AMD FX-8120 @ 3.1GHz, 1x8GB DDR3 RAM, and the game's installed on my Intel 730 series 256 GB SSD.Alright, enough with me ranting on people who for some reason can't get it to run on their GTX 970 & Fx-8350 builds.The actual gameplay of this game so far is very pleasant.The controls are very spread out, and what I mean by that is that there is nothing like ""Press F to interact/pick up/do this/do that."" which is something I appreciate by the developers. Running, attacking, skills acquired from the skill tree, the parkour, and all that is absolutely amazing on this game. All these are required to stay alive in the game, and smoothness is almost required. I personally feel like they nailed it. As of online cooperative play, I haven't personally experienced much of it and I probably won't until a while. It works as expected, which can easily be taken for granted for, but nothing special.The game is BEAUTIFUL.GRAPHICZ. DUH GRAPHICZ. The game does look very amazing, even on settings meant for just performance (as i mentioned, I have a CPU under the requirements) so I couldn't imagine it on max settings with view distance set to the max.The story's alright so far.Not too much I can say about the story. So far, it's not really anything special in my opinion. It's got a bunch of side missions to do, just like Dead Island did.Sorry for the weak review, I haven't really written a long review before and I just kind of wanted to give other PC gamers a little insight on Dying Light as it's a new release.Lives up to the hype, 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,21827342,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SOCOM,"""Dying Light"" reminds me of farcry 3, and a lot of other games; in a good way.  The game's story feels like farcry 3's, with the pirates and all.  The lockpicking mechanic is a carbon copy of skyrim, and fallout 3/nv/4's.  The freerunning can be a bit clunky at times, but for the most part it works.  Multiplayer is pretty bad because the only people playing are either cheaters, people that have been playing since day 1, or newbies.  Nothing in between. Overall, I would give this game a 9.5/10.  Very enjoyable singleplayer, I would reccomend buying it."
,Recommended,239140,29195207,Posted: 11 January,all,GrandRiser,"First I tried Dying Light from my friend. Played it until finish, but I didn't buy it. It was too damn expensive and my gaming righ couldn't handle it well. It was an amazing game. The parkour system amazing, even the zombie can fell if they take a wrong step on a stairs. It's like Dead Island combat system mixed with parkour from Mirror's Edge, but both much better.I am proud and totally happy to buy this game for reduced price when sale , and with ADDITIONAL important DLC. (Bought this for IDR 276.000 or roughly 25 USD)This game gives an amazing experience of travelling the city thru parkour style, jumping of rooftops, going to the edge of buildings, sliding, etc. I love that. I love freerunning and parkouring thru the city rooftops. The night day system is amazing as well.Point is it is an awesome and amazing game. Been waiting to get this game under 50$ and now it was worth the wait. Love this game.OVERALL SCORE:GRAPHIC 100/100OPTIMIZATION 100/100GAMEPLAY 100/100STORY 90/100 (subjective)CONCLUSION:BUY IT. ESPECIALLY ON SALE. Check SteamDB.info to see lowest/highest price.(this game is a highend game, demanding lots of usage from your rig. Make sure you got good one.)"
76561198031328124,Recommended,239140,33382652,Posted: 8 July,all,Rizilliant,"Nothing special.. I guess the youngins are enthralled with the ""parkour"" syste... (when I was young, we called it playing, and climbing) but it doesnt do much for me.. Just adds motion sickness..Its got a neat crafting, and weapon system, similar to a Diabloesque, color coded loot system.. I dont like that they have limited amounts of time to be repaired, as they break easily.. Combat is very basic, but has upgrades in the 4 talent trees...Like Skyrim, the talent tree is leveled up by using it.. Agility for running/climging, combat for swinging a weapon, etc..I havent gotten far in the story, but it appears youre some spy, dropped in to find ou about someone, and report back, while also helping.. Typical fare here, fetch this, kill that, medicine for the sick..Graphics are pretty good, and it seems to be nicely optimised..I havent touched the co op, so no comment..Its Dead Island with climbing, and sliding.. I have to take Dramamine just to play for an hour.. Im not a huge first person fan, but I try to keep a somewhat diverse library.. Sometimes you just dont have time for deep rpg gaming..On the downside, because combat is SO basic, and controls are floaty, it can be extremely annoying to fight.. It doesnt do a good job of explaining things like if you should use bleed, electric, stab/slice weapons, and if it even matters, or where to hit enemies.. I saw arms come off, and it takes alot of hits before a head finally explodesa, killing the zombie.. The first hour is simple, as zombies stand there, and are basically target dummies.. But then you see newer ones, and they swarm, lunge, sprint, etc., and thats where you notice the combat is lacking.. I guess youre supposed to run from everything, and keep the ""parkour""  system front and center.. With enemies taking many hits, which brings attention to others who then swarm, and weapons breaking very quickly, it seems to want you to avoid fighting.. I could forgive all this, but turning the character, trying to line up a shot, kicking, managing stamina, watching weapon durability, and knowing your surroundings is just too much.. The controls are SO... floaty is the best word I can use to descripe.. It controls like a person standing on butter.. Trying to aim at the head youll move the cursor to the head, and then past it, and then back, its like a drunk trying to aim a rifle.. It feels terrible!Its also got the Steam Workshop, and user created content, challenges, leaderboards, etc.. If youre into that kinda thing.. Personally, I could care less..I doubt Ill ever finish it, but its a change of pace I guess.. Never really understood the appeal to the whole zombie thing tbh...Alot of people will like it however.. If youre playing solo, its slow, quiet, and not all I had hoped really, but alot of effort went into developing it, and was done well! (Besides the controls)"
,Recommended,239140,29208599,Posted: 12 January,all,SnarlyTrain,"The game is the <3-zombs-parkour-more zombs-more parkourThe story was great, but the ending was disappointing and you'll be like... wtf!But still.... good game!"
76561198027034077,Not Recommended,239140,14380632,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CucumberCPA,UPDATE: It runs smoother now but that doesn't change the fact that I don't think you should ever release a game without testing and fixing it to work for everyone. I was very excited about this game and let down. If you like Dead Island buy it now and don't care about holding a dev accountable.If you have an AMD setup do NOT get this game right now. I have a dual 290 setup and it won't even keep a constant 30 fps. I would have been happy with this game if they had delayed it to fix this one problem but they did not.
,Recommended,239140,23231053,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Caveman Dan,"I like Sharp sticks and other odds and ends... I also like zombies this game combines the two.Mainly play it on xbox one but bought it on here cause ""Why not"""
,Recommended,239140,20329677,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Eliasxddd,"Completed the game in less than 2 days, i like it.also one does not simply complete the last mission without dying. its hard, the last mission that is.actually this game i great, thats about it. nothing more to say."
,Recommended,239140,30452231,Posted: 11 March,all,APE'S CHILDHOOD,POLSKI TOP <3
76561197997142208,Recommended,239140,30447274,Posted: 11 March,all,Violator,Awesome 9/10
,Recommended,239140,30432272,Posted: 10 March,all,Em9096454,"Zombies, Death, and expcaliber. What more do you want?"
76561197992518825,Recommended,239140,30434188,Posted: 10 March,all,iTooKiT,"One of the best, if not THE best, zombie game i ever played. RECCOMENDED"
,Recommended,239140,19350897,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[V8]gustavopmrq,Oyeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
,Recommended,239140,15207211,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,I7eleven68,its a fun but difficult game
76561197970408752,Not Recommended,239140,26374257,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,squishysdomain,"A good game ruined by awful missions.Let me first admit that I played the game for over 80 hours.  Thats a lot for a game I claim not to like.  Some parts of it are actually quite good.  The scenery in particular is very good and its a great open world to explore.One reason I playeds so long was to get my stats up enough to  get the best weapons thinking it would help me in the missions.  Imagine my dissapointment then when the missions completely nulified any buffing up I did.  For 2 of the missions all weapons were taken away and I was left to fight with♥♥♥♥♥♥weapons which broke almost immediately and had to be fixed constantly.  This was made worse in the second of these missions by the poor lighting and fog so that I was killed at least 10 times before I found anything to repair my weapon with.  the final mission is just a joke - spoiler: to kill the baddie press left, right, left, left, use.  A game of such complexity reduced to a simple memory game where you have to die for each clue.All weapons degrade after 40 or 50 hits to the extent that they do no damage, often in the middle of a fight, so you have to run away and fix them.  The ever present Zombies get very tiring, I must have killed thousands of them. The weapon upgrades are neat and there is the usual rip-off merchants who will buy stuff for around 10% of what they sell them for.The game borrows lots of things from other games.  The lock picking is straight out of Skyrim and is just as tedious.  The grappling hook is borrowed from Just cause 2 but is a poor mans imitaiton.  I died dozens of times because I fell from structures I grappled - I never died in Just Cause 2. Overall I think I died more times in this game than in any other game I ever played in the last 30 years and therein lies my problem with the game."
76561198258599395,Recommended,239140,21205053,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,erectile dysfunction_669,its pretty dope
76561198017032788,Recommended,239140,19332718,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Funkyyy,We need more CO-OP games like this. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14667174,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rafeus84,10/10
76561198064808566,Recommended,239140,14218226,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MusicalCanine,YES.Just play it.Best game i've played in a very long time. Reminds me a lot of what Dead Island should have been.10/10.
76561198263917674,Recommended,239140,21083945,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Golden Stroke Of Destiny,best
,Recommended,239140,21148536,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,IONEL DIN MARAMURES,aaaa
76561198039230525,Recommended,239140,27555188,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tyraelselite,parcour and goomba stomping zambies who wouldnt love this!? AND LATER YOU GET CARS
76561198196285835,Recommended,239140,16707814,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Vodka Frog,Best game ever 10 out of 10
,Recommended,239140,23960214,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,megasphere,noicevery noiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice
76561198010560239,Recommended,239140,14189842,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Riker,Looks to have some fun gameplay. Pity that the FPS stuttering and general performance make the game pretty much unplayable. Honestly don't know why Techland bothered to release this before fixing those kind of issues. Wait a few days and keep your fingers crossed and maybe there will be a patch.EDIT - Now that it's finally been patched. It is definetley worth playing. Lots of zombie slaying fun.
76561198016136369,Recommended,239140,18444800,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,pdavid,Definately a must buy
76561197995364531,Recommended,239140,19322861,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Noby,Actually might be the bets zombie based game i've ever played so far!
,Recommended,239140,25523005,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Literally Zedong,The only preorder I made in the last ten years that wasn't a massive disappointment
76561198037529721,Recommended,239140,14218709,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,IM JOE TO YOU,Dead Island + Parkour. 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14218749,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Curtisaurus,10/10 Would dia again!
,Recommended,239140,14665838,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,optikal,this game was awesome
,Recommended,239140,14215995,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ZxLUKE NUKEMxZ,"wacked a zombie in the side of the head with a  pick axe and his eye fell out 10/10also you can DROP KICK , WWE AND ZOMBIES whats not to love"
76561198136616298,Recommended,239140,24178442,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Thwarterous,"Ye its alrite m8 1/10 wud bang. Dont like the way da zombiez assume my gender doe, ye i am a feminist."
76561198009048895,Recommended,239140,14200304,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Maxrob1,"i still don t understand those ppl crying over this game, if u don t wanna play an open world zombie game, well don t buy this to ♥♥♥♥ing complain once u finnally get the best Zombie open world game on this planet. only problem on this game, is that the graphics were at the highest so when i entered there was some lag, lowered a thing or 2 alittle and no lag at all, flaw less game. amazing game. 9/10 so far not 10/10 cuz i didint play it all so i can t fudge the later game content."
,Recommended,239140,14289941,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MiiXD,Dying Light is what Dead Island should have been.
,Recommended,239140,18321247,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Itzel,Decently fun game. Perfect example of how a parkour/zombie genres should be mixed.
,Recommended,239140,20531184,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,EonTheBrono,BEST GAME EVER
76561198123054274,Recommended,239140,21601228,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kami Sama,"Met a occasionally be the zombie situation at night while in the middle of no where, enemy zombie ran up to me, I typed ""can you not"", later he added me on steam and gave me gold tier weapons10/10 would run him over with my buggy right after he gave me the weapons"
,Recommended,239140,16024167,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,phun,"this game is great ,in both co-op and single player, the parkour is smooth, the blueprints are amazing and it does not follow the norms of zombie games because rather that fighting your way through weak slow zombies with the occasional boss it is more about staying away from them and trying to fight as little as possible witch is great. the only 2 problems i have with it are that the zombies are a little too tough to kill and i do not like the way that resources used before you die are still used when you respawn (for example if you use your weapon and use some of its durability it stays at that level of durability  after you die). other than that this game is amazing and would recommend it to everyone even people ,like me, who do not like zombie or parkour  games normally."
,Recommended,239140,21391697,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,An Old Friend,1 of the best zombie games ever story is great but i can say the same thing about the followings ending(s) gameplay/weapons/characters everything is perfect but if u dont got a good system you might have problems
76561197995740886,Recommended,239140,21860257,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Steiny,"Great game except for the magic, non physics following rocks and projectiles from mobs. They cannot miss, they will curve and home in on you. Pretty stupid.And honestly the weakest story I think I've ever played through in a game.The ending of The Following was beyond dissapointing.Killing zombies is fun as hell, the driving is ok and the parkour aspect I find just awesome."
76561198219301205,Recommended,239140,22030866,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,XxFaZ3xBo0cexX,i love dying light it is the best zombie game i have played
,Recommended,239140,22916394,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Azoth,It says that iu have `The Following DLC' but i can't access it?
,Recommended,239140,14265830,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Djent,"One of the most awesome FPS ive played and trust me ive played alot, if you dont already have the game,BUY IT NOW!average game time: 15 hours + optional quests and Be the zombie PvP"
,Recommended,239140,22745958,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,allnights,Why does it state I have this in my LIBRARY?I do not have it on my library and if I click the play buttin it only starts the standard Dying Light!DOH!!
76561197987703850,Recommended,239140,14242781,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,-Crauss,"Mirrors Edge controls, mixed with crafting/questing from Fallout, set in a Dead Island environment.Only complaint is that multiplayer isn't as integrated and seamless as other games (I imagined Dark Souls-esk invasions). Rather, you are forced to do a ""side mission"" involving destroying the hives while trying to avoid being eaten by the night hunter.Other than that, very solid game. I expect some upcoming patches will help the optimization a bit, but I'm seeing 60-75 FPS consistently on medium textures and low view distance.8.5/10"
76561198136411597,Recommended,239140,21066584,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,BeastYT,9/10only reason its not 10 is because of fast campain other then that the game is fun
,Recommended,239140,17319932,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sploofy,"Fantastic game. Great atmosphere, strategic gameplay and really involving, Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239140,16198859,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Calipso,"Without a doubt, greatest game of all time. Love it!"
76561198122307718,Recommended,239140,14725981,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,distroyer_psn,"very fun game but only one major problem, the lag and low FPS rate make the game almost impossible to play I think the game can be the best of the best but the low FPS rate makes the game really hard to move and look. I am playing Dying Light on a ASUS windows 8 laptop. I hope to see this problem fixed in the future because this game is one of my all time favorites and I would hate to have to stop playing because of the low FPS rate please fix this issue."
,Recommended,239140,21089271,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kevensie,"Though the story line of the campaign just sort of dropped off at the end, the main quest line was very good.There are plenty of sidequests to keep you busy for a long time, but for replayability it won't be of much value. Once you level up all your stats (not terribly difficult to do) there would be no point in starting over from ground zero.Combat mechanics and animations are fluid and the panorama view of the open world is beautiful.The only dislike I have for the game is the inability to level up specific weapons. You are constantly on the hunt for new, higher level weapons, and while this added to the desperate feeling of the game at lower levels, it became an annoyance at higher levels when I just wanted to keep the weapons I had fallen in love with.Overall, 9.5 out of 10. Great game."
76561198040541935,Recommended,239140,20467819,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Crys.Fire,"After I spent a decent amount of time playing i can say that this is so far cool good and all but as far as zombie survival takes this games leads you by hand a bit too much. I will get there in a minute but first off.Graphics and options neat and great that is all i could say when i was setting up the game. It has its FPS drop moments but seriously that just makes you feel like walking instead of running and that might have been a problem of my computer in this case.As for the price you see discount buy it. At least the story and coop fun has to offer a lot for its price.And now GameplayGood pointsyaaay zombie head stompingyaaay for lvling up by kicking zombies aroundAnd now more seriouse, the mechanics they work well and you can practicaly free flow thru the landscapein the fighting i like that zombies attacking you aside from QT and button mashing are not ignoredalso likable crafting and upgrading and a lot with it a lot of room for decent dlc contentBad pointssurvival- jsut a basic preset unlocked in order without any mystery or surprisenow everybody can go ape**** but this is something that i hate on game for 12+there should not be walk thru pink garden part if you want to call it survival and too much asists and easyfied controllsok mode be the zombie fun idea but nope zombie has chance only if oponents are stupid or totally drunkwho had the idea of matchmaking should ask himself if it is fair fight between a rolling boulder and a something defenceless and squishyonly balanced is if you have fights of equal levels and gear and if it has co-op enabled with it that means co-op has to be counted as welltry this you are level 1 and fight against 4 lvl 11 or 12 who acompany someone with lvl 5 who is the hostyou cant even get near a group where one is radaring you and sniping as soon as you get your head from behind a walland they just make a flare trail with UV light show so matter of balance in case like this is requiredthis happend in 5 out of 8 gameslockpicking minigame sigh come on this is what you will do all the time cause random spin bug when you did it but game says no you did not breaking your last lock picklike it should be hard but seriously you lead by hand like todlers all players on easy difficulty giving them ilusion of super easy survival yet lockpicking that takes up 50% scavanging or even more gives you no clue and bugs out after you dish out 12 lockpics on very hard lockthis thing neads some fixingwell if i ignore the issues that can be ignored and all because reasons this is a very good game but still needs to get that room filled by at least 1 or 2 dlc packs (not weapons) and few patchesill give it 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,21013006,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,♥UsagiAngel♥,The parkour in this game is amazing! A must buy!
,Recommended,239140,21069714,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dr. Poopensmeer,Remember how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dead Island was and how Dead Island 2 was even ♥♥♥♥♥ier?Dying Light is the opposite spectrum of that.
,Recommended,239140,21223108,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Crazed Butt Smacker,"Seamlessly blending survival, action, horror, exploration, story-driven progression, and RPG elements - Dying Light is a game that has the potential to make you feel like a kid again. I'm about halfway through the story, I've experienced luring dumb zombies into traps by day and running from insanely fast and agile terrors by night. This game feels like several different types of games/genres which are flawlessly blended to create an immersive experience unparalleled.I could not stand Dead Island, which was made by the same company. Dying Light makes Dead Island look like they were either trolling people, or weren't sure what type of game they wanted to make at the very least.I never looked forward to this game, didn't know anything about it. I got the demo because I could. Played it, and was immediately blown away. Bought the game on sale and never regretted it. I'm about 63 hours in so far and only ""53%"" through the main story. Also, and I won't mention this much because the gameplay is so solid, but the graphics are insane and very impressive.Since I've owned it now they have released an enhanced edition (for free) which adds ""new levels"" more or less and other enhancements. Just as I thought the game was getting a little easy, (keep in mind there is a learning curve which I have really mastered with the Steam Controller which makes me feel like somewhat of a badass), the next town over provided a sobering challenge that left me frantically fighting to survive at times like I was brand new at the game. I also enabled the new Nightmare mode which made even the weakest zombies a real challenge.I have not even made it as far as The Following yet (the massive expansion) and I really look forward to it. This game continues to be fun as hell and blow me away. Every positive review you see is there for a reason. Get the demo if you have doubts, and get the game otherwise. It's even more fun with friends, and I've played most of the game solo and STILL had a roller coaster of a good time.It's first person, parkour (free-running), zombie, action, stealth, rpg, open world, day/night cycle, exploratory fun. Other than that, it's hard to describe exactly how immersive it is. You should have already played this by now. The day/night cycle adds a great deal of depth and immersion, and if you're caught outside goofing around at daytime and scavenging as night descends and you're unprepared, the entire game turns upside down as you desperately scramble and fight for your life to make it to the nearest safehouse. Or you play it smart and lucky and sneak around, hoping and praying you don't make too much noise.Just play it already, even if it's the demo. GIve it a shot. It's too much fun not to try.Edit: Wifey reminded me to mention that they released a companion app for Android / iOS where you can manage sending squads into the city to loot and rescue survivors and such. It's a fun side-mission companion app that allows you to send items aquired to your character in the PC game to use. I've never seen this level of interactivity in a game before, and I rarely see this kind of dedication (overall) from developers. Techland, effing bravo."
,Recommended,239140,20174910,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Your Guardian Angel,"Honestly. I saw this game in the ""GameInformer"" magazine and the title was interesting enough alone. I decided to stop skimming and get into reading it a little. I read all about how the graphics were supposed to be stunning and that this game could easily make game of the year. That was the first paragraph... I got so interested that I kept reading more and more until I decided that I NEED this game. Not just want, NEED. I'm a huge fan of the Dead Island series as I've spent countless hours, schoolnights, and all-nighters. And let me tell you, it was the best thing ever despite all its faults.I got Dying Light during the Cyber Monday sale (Fall Sale) for $19.99 and honestly, one of the best games I have ever played. Graphics were gorgeously beautiful and stunning. You actually felt like you were there in the story itself. The parkour felt real, you actually felt your heart beating faster and faster especially during the night which is a feeling many games just can't deliver. The swimming is real, the parkour is real, the running is real, even the breathing sounds real. From the beginning to the end it was an absolutely wild ride! If you were a fan of Dead Island or even Mirror's Edge, definitely get this game right now. No questions asked.If you do decide to get this game, just know that the name and motto of this game isn't just there for nothing...When the light starts to die, you can feel the fear consuming you as you frantically run and trip over yourself. Some people have even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves honestly from the fear. The safehouses are your best friends, your unsilenced guns are your second worst enemy, and the night is your terror.Good night. And good luck, you're gonna need it buddy."
,Recommended,239140,15124838,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,KriegersRobot,"An incredibly satisfying open world Zombie Survival game.  If you love running around jumping around the map parkour style whilst simultaneously crushing zombie skulls, this game is a must. The story line is the usual thing you would expect but this game shines on the open world, freedom to kill zombie hordes. You can craft updagrades to your weaponse and with many of the buildings explorable. it is a hugely satisfying game. 8/10"
76561197970470181,Recommended,239140,15128171,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hawk318,"Ok, gang, everyone that loved Dead Island, will love this. It's mucvh better implimented, graphics, and improved menus (and yea, TL did away with the 'auto equip of DI)The parkour part takes a bit of getting used to, but once you got it, it's great and I'm not one for this style of play. Being able to jump and climb give you so much more than DI ever did.Sadly TL kept the less than stellar 'check point saving system', but did improve it slightly by adding the ability to save should you have to leave the game suddenly by:1) Whatever mission you're on have it highlighted and you die, you'll lost points, but respawn at the nearest safe house. (so make sure you clear all safe houses and make them secure...it'll pay off later)2) Go to a safe house, use the bed and sleep, and then quit. You should respawn at that location as long as you had that mission highlighted.I played through the game in about 45-50 hours and didn't do a lot of the side missions. After completeing the game you'll have the chance to go back and do the side missions, so don't worry if you miss a lot of them.You'll also get a warning before you go into the final mission to bow out and do side quests...Just be aforewarned that once starting the final mission (quite long compared to the other missions) you CANNOT STOP and go back. So go on finish the final battle and return to have more fun...or start a completely new game.From the boards TL seems to still have some problems with AMD systems (hopefully fixed soon) My intel system ran the game good. (I built my rig last spring, so it's not the latest)If not fo rthe saving system, I'd give it 5 stars...so Dying Light only gets 4."
76561197977794552,Recommended,239140,15131252,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,The Gunisher,"Techland have done this magical thing that alot of other developers should definately take a note of. They made a game that actually works.Technically I've had no problems, it's ran persistantly sweet as a nut for me and not crashed once. The game mechanics themselves also work. They've synthesised several types of game into one and actually pulled it all off remarkably well. You've got Parkour (I'd say offering a better experiance than Mirrors Edge), survival, scavenging, action, and at night a quite creepy stealth game. Other games have tried to mix and match genres (I'm thinking of things like Rage here), but often fail to make everything gel. Dying light does succeed and makes all it's constituent parts seem credible. Of course you want to use Parkour to avoid the ground it's covered in Zombies, of course you want to be quiet and move slow at night the Night Stalkers will rip you a new one. Oh and you can boot Zombies off buildings!Minuses? A few minor quibbles, sound doesn't seem as well implemented as it could have been. It's not bad, but there were no noises that were really memorably nasty like the screamers in Dead Island. Also their Zombies are all lifted from other games. You've got Tanks and Spiter like things from L4D, Screamers and the big bruiser types from Dead Island and a smattering of Stalker. They had a good game here, but could have come up with at least a few of their own ideas.Overall highly recommended 4.5 our of 5 I'd say."
76561198005450430,Recommended,239140,15131743,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BadadadadadaS-,Awesome + Fun
,Recommended,239140,14267962,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dr.Doppler,"Great gam, cutscenes can be a bit laggy tho"
,Recommended,239140,15233188,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,nonimos,"+best Coop-Experience since RE5+great Graphics and Level Design (2nd City is gorgeous, after 30hrs of playing i found out, that the weapon state is also visible/parts breaking out of blades etc.)+no Performance issues on my PC+i can kick-jump zombies down from roofs with amazing force :)-maybe replayability"
,Recommended,239140,15233588,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Hirdy,"Dying light is like a naughty kid and just before you play it for the first time the game got a gooooood talking to by the parents. It will be serious and will be in the horror gene for sure but the second you get the grappling hook and anything orange with 1500+ damage the game is a laugh, a hoot. now I'm been top level for over 100 hours and Gold weapons are avalible and are pretty good (wish there were textured gold). The game is just a naughty kid again, making a muck and gettin gin trouble. It's not serious and the story line is a guy being told to be a man, it urns out he's a man and boom story over. Also people die (spoilers...... not). I like the new variety for high level players, we were stuck with 4 weapons and now we finally have about 20-30, which is a big step forward. Guns still need varied stats on colour and need gold versions. They also need upgrades, a weapon upgrade only avalible for guns and maybe add an attackment tree instead of mods and such. Rais is boring and so are most main characters once you've played the storty, I've finished the main story 3x alone and every mission 100s of times with friends. Once you are top level it's at about the same serious level as  TF2 conga lines. 10/10 it's okay - IGN."
76561198017915619,Recommended,239140,15234871,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,zerobane,"Dying light immediately sucks you into a vast open playground of zombies, rich characters and a great story.  Beginning hours of Harram teach you some very ruthless lessons on things not to do; (save often).  After the first couple hours and deaths; you start become a swashbuckling zombie killing machine and parkour expert.Once you start feeling you got a handle on this zombie thing and its too easy; night time comes; small screech in distant; you continue on.  A moment later you are climbing a building a blood curdling howl is next to you;  and now you RUN!!  (or in my case; turned around to fight and died immediately)Overall had a blast with the game; highly recommend.  Play in dark room with headphones for full effect.Pro's1.  Huge open world; can spend hours and hours on side missions and exploring2.  Storyline is great!  Keeps you immersered for hours.3.  Characters are very tangible with good back stories and lots of personality.4.  Character development is done fairly well; with 3 separate talent tree's5.  Learning and getting into the game was very simple; into levels get you going right away.6.  New and more bad-a$$ zombies start appearing as you level up.7.  The stole the creeper idea from Minecraft; causes the same ""oh sh@t moments as your blown to pieces""8.  Co-op is a blast and easy to doCon's1.  Some of the side missions become grinding and boring; ie: collect 20 herbs from ""x""; always feels like the DEVs got lazy when the start resulting to ""wow"" type missions.2.  Combat with zombies doesn’t change to much; somewhat tedious.3.  Going back to vendors all the time to sell gets repitious.4.  UI can get predictable and boring.5.  Game centers on med kit resource management for survival in alter levels6.  Night missions become insanely hard7.  Controls often feel clumsy and delayed; combat is ""ok"".   Always felt awkward; even at later levels when you’re buffed and have unlocked most of the combat tree.Overall; come for the story and side missions; the best game content can be found on the most simple side quests; some of the best stories in a video game I have ever seen."
76561197993265042,Recommended,239140,15238621,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GRIM (KCCO),"Well.. honestly i liked the game i bought it to play with friends and it was fun... in the gegining, then it quickly becomes just a humdrum typical way to short story and once your finished with the story, its BORING, nothing to do and realy no reason to boot this game up what so ever. I know they will be releasing add-ons later and i hope for all of our sakes they are worth it. And I'm not to happy paying 60 bucks then turn around and pay more cash to continue that Very Very short first instalment of a somewhat storyline with the udderly anticlimatic ending ( Spoiler Alert ) a sequence of button presses ( REALY ) to kill off Raise or whatever his name was lol Press ""A"" woot a dodge press ""W"" woot another dodge Press well you get the point what is this the 90's so dissapointed with this ending ugg. I'm going to give this a thumbs up because it doesnt deserve a thumbs down ( Steam please add a middle ground rating ) this game is clearly a So-So game right down the middle."
76561198081605510,Recommended,239140,15239230,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dcero,"get grappling hook, become spider man. 10/10"
76561197963629461,Recommended,239140,15240273,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,CyberF0G [FR],"The reason why I really really enjoyed that game:- Climbing / freerun (assassin's creed like), but more badass than assassin style..- Looting / crafting (h1z1 / far cry)- Coop mode: you can essentialy run the whole story with your matesI thought that because I had never played  a zombie game (because not a big fan) I wouldnt have liked it. As a matter of a fact I enjoyed killing zombies... so bad! :)Also as a side note, it's incredibly beautiful and detailed, with no framerate drops.Don't wait any longer, buy this game! you won't regret it :)"
,Recommended,239140,15241924,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Meat Machine,dropkickzombiesoffcliffsintospiketraps/10
76561197996394475,Recommended,239140,15243846,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Agent-Orange,It's a fun game.
76561198165457036,Recommended,239140,15244559,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,OriginalCrafty,"If you liked the dead island games you will love this game. I really enjoyed the dead island games, to me nothing is more satisfying than running around bashing and cutting up zombies. When you add in an assissans creed type parkour with much much better mechanics then you get a bad♥♥♥♥♥game. As of this review I have put in about 30 hours into this game and still have more side quests to complete. This game has a lot of replay value and is worth the $"
76561198021181899,Recommended,239140,15244819,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Konami Code,Awesome game but to get the most out of it you need to play in Co-op mode.
76561198111286806,Recommended,239140,15256054,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,KatzunGaming,Thrilling experience! Absolutely worth playing.But remember to always do side-missions.
,Recommended,239140,15256360,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,RipperWarCraft,Great Graphics and overall an AMAZING!!!!! game.  (worth the buy)
76561198161864215,Recommended,239140,15257510,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,manunitedfan81,Dying Light was what I needed as a horror game lover. Graphics are amazing. Gameplay is awesome. Scares the hell out of me every time I go out at night alone and the volatiles are lurkin. Cant wait for some DLC. Bozak Horde should be great. I have one small gripe though. AMD needs some crossfire support love. Cant wait to crank it to max settings on my crossfire 7950s.
76561198063468171,Recommended,239140,15434733,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,oka,<33 this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197996838819,Recommended,239140,15495875,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,defilingsoul,"It play purty gewd, whats wrong w the zombies we got?"
76561198156561429,Recommended,239140,23123690,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lintu,is e nice
76561198011512777,Recommended,239140,23131448,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,boobookittyfukc,this game was very fun to play til the end!
76561197992906072,Recommended,239140,14643375,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KraggleWulf,"The only down side to this game is low level players refuse to fight you as Playing as the zombie, and maxed out players you stand little to no chance, AS a zombie you have to perk up to stand a chance with anyone that is maxed in all 3 Trees.Other then that i have nothing to say about this game that is bad its great I love it,a dn with the DLC coming out soon I think it will do even more :)"
,Recommended,239140,14216864,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,"I, the spoogermon",Everything Dead Island should have been. If you you had a good time with Dead island YOU NEED THIS GAME.If you love open world games and love zombies you will get 100+ hours out of this. This is in my top 3  games of all time.
76561198153195186,Recommended,239140,23859745,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Athora,"Could make the world better, but overall great game!"
,Recommended,239140,23876095,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,eriste23,"Most of the game is ok but the Play the Zombie mode is a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time, it only takes 2 swings with any weapon to kill you while the only way you can kill the human is to pounce him but if he has the UV light equiped; which everyone always does he can quickly use it and you're not allowed to pounce him anymore and your speed is drastically reduced to the point that you might as well not even try to get away so don't waste your time playing Be the Zombie mode as you're heavily under powered."
76561198032364103,Recommended,239140,23369642,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Darthmalgus,samurai sword check volatile check urrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaabuy this game
,Recommended,239140,17351491,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Hendry,"A good game, Fun to play alone and with friends COOP."
,Recommended,239140,21169454,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,eoN,awesome
76561198070681990,Recommended,239140,19978246,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KillaPedo,dropping zombies like ant does to mens pants
,Recommended,239140,14667308,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Skaara Dreadlocks,"The Parkour: Really gives you that freedom of movement. The game is in first-person, and therefor there are no need for any player animations, which allows for much more diversed movement. Assassin's Creed is way too squared, as you can only jump/climb in eight different directions around you, and the parkour is very controlled by the game. You don't do much yourself, other than pushing some buttons. In Dying Light, on the other hand, you are moving freely around everywhere, so you have to watch your step. It's brutal and unforgiving, and that's what makes it so exciting. You never get bored of it!The combat is pretty straight-forward when it comes to swinging your weapons, but you do have a lot of awesome body-attacks like jump-kicks and dodges and the like that are real fun to use, as well as effective. It does make the combat a bit tactic. You make a wrong move, you end up getting caught under a pile of zombies. The weapons are really creative, awesome and MANY. Looting is something you'll need to do constantly because you need items for repairing your worn weapons, and to create different things like molotovs and medkits. But that's okay, because the looting is pretty fast, and so is the lockpicking.The enemies are frightening at first, but as you progress, they become easier to defeat, which gives you that awesome ""I-was-afraid-of-you-before-but-now-I-kill-you""-feeling. And yet even after that, you still keep a certain level of fear for your enemies because you want to fight as little as possible so you can conserve your supplies and weapons for when you really need them. This game is, as I said already, brutal and unforgiving; the more you do, the more skillpoints you earn, but you also lose a lot of skillpoints almost every time you die. That is one thing that actually makes you afraid of dying in this game, and that is great.The story is maybe a bit far-fetched. It's not as simple as just surviving the zombie apocalypse. Apparently this story involves trying to find the cure, and resisting the government who wants to exploit the virus to make the apocalypse even worse. Never the less, it is a very exciting story that gives you a feeling of importance. Animations and voice-actings are very good, and the characters have very strong characteristics. Especially the villain, of course.All in all, I liked the game a lot. But like most other open-world games I've played, I don't really feel like exploring the world that much, as almost everything gets slightly repetitive. I'm mainly in it for the storyline. Despite enjoying the game, I had this really uncomfortable and scared feeling throughout the whole playtime of 19 hours that it took me to complete it. It was like ""Damn, I want to just get done with this story so I can stop playing this game"", and I'm not really sure. Still, a great game.Oh, and... DON'T. GO. OUT. AT. NIGHT."
76561198029126320,Recommended,239140,25900289,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mosmad,My favorite game ever !
,Recommended,239140,14200527,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Night Baron,wow cool game move art go for air drup get the time befor they taket or killl them and u take the all item they have i like to be multil player mor fun then single
,Recommended,239140,19373164,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,best co-op open world game to play with friends.
76561197991736942,Recommended,239140,14570894,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Victory Toker..,"I miss when i started out and only had a board with a nail in it and a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gas pipe, the hoardes were real and you had to plan your actions more carefully, now I am a superhero, I can run up walls, shoot a line like spider man and kill zombies in so many ways its not even funny, all these are great mechanics and I love this game, but I found as I played it It lost the initial sense of panic and dismal harsh reality of surviving as I became a undead slaying machiene with my electric, and extra sharp millitary machete' with damage and speed boosts while I drank potions that made me faster and lose stamina less and then see in the night..... and the game retreated to a more arcady feeling and i had aquired an almost comical sense of superiority that deminished the awesomeness of the atmosphere it did such an excellent job creating.all and all I really do find this to be an awesome game and I fell like they must know how efficiant of a zombie killing machiene you become so I am really hoping for harder difficultys, and new and more powerfull zombies.I would highly recomend this game as it is one of the best zombie games ive played and the free running element is awesome. things go Boom and can get intense really fast and this game is a blast to play with friends."
76561198071828888,Recommended,239140,14571228,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kraft™ Mac and Cheese,"If you are a fan of Mirrors Edge and/or Dead Island, youll love this game. It has fun combat, lockpicking, and even great multiplayer. It is a great game."
,Recommended,239140,14571797,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,FirstWolf95,"Do you enjoy Assassins Creed free-run? How about Dead Island zombies? This game has that mixture either fight or run.  really keeps me on the edge of my seat especially at night (in-game), because sleep is for the weak! Co-Op mode makes the game even more interesting you no longer have venture through a zombie apocolypse alone drag a friend with you to the nightmare.  So many thumbs up from me storyline is pretty simple but makes up for in the gameplay."
76561198052380502,Recommended,239140,14572517,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,j2,"Excellent and addicting game, but with some flaws.Pros:-Amazing freerunning system which gives the player a vast amount of freedom to explore, escape, and pick their battles, but can make you feel a little too overpowered at times, especially as you level up.-Satisfying and fun melee combat, and a large amount of weapons to find, buy, and upgrade.-Great graphics, the game is nothing short of beautiful.-Crafting system is rewarding and versatile, but could stand to be a little more deep, and many components are found in the world far too easily.Cons:-Stale, worthless progression/points system. There are no choices to be made, only linear progression down 3 seperate trees which you will eventually fill all of.-The story is quite underwhelming, with some instances of below average voice acting, lazy writing, and downright cliche material throughout.-Some performance issues, however minor, though I am on a high end system. Those of you with low-mid range pcs may not have success maintaining stable frame rates.-No difficulty adjustments to be made, at times during the game I felt both underpowered and overpowered.Conclusion:TL;DR Fun game, great action and free running, with lots of fun side quests and good content, and amazing visuals. But, an otherwise perfect title sees a few issues, namely a sub-par storyline and meaningless progression system kept this from being a 10/10.9/10, absolutely worth the full price."
76561198040560495,Recommended,239140,14572841,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Staticmass,Great everthing!
,Recommended,239140,14574027,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Scarabeus_IV,"Overall the game is real fun and worth the money.You can kick zombies, slash zomies shoot zombies so all the needs are fufilled.The only annoying thing I found is the main story mission progress is often dumbing you down so it is harder (ie, not using grapling hook, etc). Plus final mission was bit of a letdown as it is just running and pressing buttons in correct sequence. I didn't fire a shot or attacked one zombie during it and managed to complete it."
76561197966726613,Recommended,239140,14574227,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Sandjorda,"10/10. And I'm not even into zombie games. This is what Triple A titles should be. Genuine fear, genuine fun, incredible graphics, well done Techland."
,Recommended,239140,14576259,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blunt Boy,It's like mirrors  edge with dead island combined AWESOME!
,Recommended,239140,14578142,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Poob!,"Enjoying all aspects of the game except...looking in the direction of the tower always seems to kill framerate by 20-25%. This is present across all the PC's i've seen it on (4, AMD and Intel/Nvidia). Anyone else?We all love this game to death spending many hours already just cruising around destroying some shambler skulls.Video...YES!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4ZJh1sRe4I"
76561198134806137,Recommended,239140,14580460,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,VanMinator,"Best Game Ever!!! But unfortunately, i dont have any courage to play this game alone because of the zombies are too real for me and the difficulty will increase based on how much longer u've survive through the storyline. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14580470,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lil Toenail,Its a very fun game but to short D:
76561198000767850,Recommended,239140,14582575,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Q*Bert,Bretty goud
76561197999064687,Recommended,239140,14584065,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,d4wnf4ll,"Very good overall, its a bit slow at the begining but when you get the hang of it, it goes pretty smooth, scary at night just like a zombie game shoud be, the only down side is the weapon system, it sucks when comes down to the weapon resist, just a few hits and its gone."
76561198051125896,Recommended,239140,14584112,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bloodmike1,Pros:- Fluid parkour system making it fun to get from a to b- Good skill system- Fun gameplay- Interesting protagenist- interesting characters- nice weapons crafting system and itemsCons:- can become repetitive- plot is basic and not very interestingAll in all a great game to buy and had fun all the way 8/10
76561197982540293,Recommended,239140,14499356,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MrFantastic,"Finally!! The zombiegame you always have been waiting for!Running around in this beatiful game, kicking and slaughtering zombies is so satisfying.Join a friend (I think 4 players here is too much), and get prepared for maaany hours of pure awesomeness!Just finished the game after 50 hours with a friend, and still not tired of the game. One of the best game experiences I have ever had!Gameplay: 9/10Story:         7/10Graphics:   9/10"
76561198031864068,Recommended,239140,14273911,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Entire Population of China,I get scared.
76561198098446750,Recommended,239140,14274047,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,tjmac96,Great!!
76561198090091900,Recommended,239140,14274990,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Supreme,1 of the best games ive ever played
76561198022011936,Recommended,239140,14509151,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rudeolf,"Me and a friend just completed the game together.I would give it a score of 7 out of 10.If you want a good zombie game to play with friends and dont mind some repeative action etc, its worth the money.I will not replay it, but i knew that before i bought it so its ok."
,Recommended,239140,14627618,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Leffen132,100/10 8/8 it's great mate
,Recommended,239140,14585898,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,thomaspchadwick,Recently just bought a new PC and decided to download this game from Steam. I have never played a game on PC before due to my love for the consoles (Xbox One & PS4) however I thuoght I would give Dying Light a go on PC.I must say for a first game on PC it is brilliant. Never have a played a game like this. The zombie AI are the best I've ever come across in comparison to other zomie games like Resident Evil etc. It has the perfect mix of action and light horror because as soon as nightfall hits it is a completely different ball game in your approach to the undead! That is something you will learn very quickly in the story missions after you've been shown the ropes of the controls.The parkour adds a whole new dimension to the game and is one of its strongest selling points as it is so smooth in transition from rooftop-to-rooftop hopping around to escape a pursuit of blood-thirsty hordes or trying to make it to an airdrop first!I'm not that far into the game however this has been the highlight game for me over the past 6 months. Worth every penny. Brilliant game. Best zombie one on the market in my opinion.My biggest tip to anyone who is just starting the game? Don't stop running. Don't think twice. Just jump and run for your life.
76561198040997390,Recommended,239140,14586649,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dendrophilia,Great game to play with friends and on your own. Would highly recommend enabling the Night Hunters to only at night so you can play your game and when night arrives cry in a corner and try to survive.
76561198086156635,Recommended,239140,14587207,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Big Boss,"It's dead island. just without the repeatitive crap. Therefore it is better than dead island. No. As a matter of fact it is the best zombie game I ever played. The launch was very stable. Not a single crash. Sure the story may lack in every area, but who cares about the story? Unless your talking about Telltale, we don't play zombie games for the story. We play zombie games to kill some ♥♥♥♥ing zombies.8/10 single player10/10 multiplayer"
76561197976369681,Recommended,239140,14570243,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ManHack Gene,"A great atmospheric game, my first night time experience was terrifying.The single player experience is quite long (took me about 50 hours with side missions and exploration -no rushing).Killing zombies is super satisfying and the graphics are great lending to the viseral atmosphere of the game. My only problem is why every damn mirror in the game is broken? Did they not have time to do player character reflections or do zombies just really not like mirrors?"
,Recommended,239140,14570393,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Hustle G,"Definitely enjoyed this game more than I enjoyed Dead Island, despite playing it as a slide show (typically 24 fps, give or take). The parkour and skill moves made it much more enjoyable to play than Dead Island, however. The main quest was interesting in some instances but overall was just ""go here, do this"" kind of stuff, but the ""going"" and ""doing"" was often quite enjoyable. 7/10 in my book, would still like to see some optimization though, especially for those with AMD hardware."
76561198031155757,Recommended,239140,14570886,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Wulf,A good game. I am enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,239140,30507930,Posted: 14 March,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineDying Light is a game developed by Techland and published by WB GamesThis game runs super smooth with everything maxed. Everything from textures, animations, and lighting look great. Even the facial animations are above par which is one of the more difficult things to get rightThe gameplay is solid. Most of it will consist of melee combat but there are bows, crossbows, and guns. But all of those pale in comparison to the things you find to beat over the head of zombiesThere's a huge variety of melee weapons and the parkour really is what makes this game awesome. The combat seemlessly flows into running up and onto walls. This makes for a very unique experienceThere's also a fully fleshed out perk system that adds to the combat, crafting, and parkourThe only thing I don't like about Dying Light is the shift it takes in the second half. You change settings and personally I prefer the first area to the second, but that's just my opinionEven with my one tiny problem I still think this is a great game that shows us why the zombie genre is an interesting genre and after the terrible Dead Island series, I have faith with Dying Light and Techland's other gamesI'd definitely recommend buying this whether it's on sale or notRECOMMENDED :)"
76561197998961393,Recommended,239140,19156860,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,joelvanvelden,"An incredible game, basically what Fallout 4 aspired to be and failed.Everything that Fallout 4 advertised it could do and did badly, this game pulls off perfectly.Weapon mods are brilliant without being confusing, loot is well balanced, graphics awesome, and enemies terrifying!"
,Recommended,239140,14291288,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Cuck Norris,Cerfew Simulator 2015.
76561198261657272,Recommended,239140,25874648,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,overclocker1997,good story! bad ending!
76561198086266234,Recommended,239140,25878671,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Martin,It's pretty good...
76561198116449579,Recommended,239140,33159186,Posted: 2 July,all,ajc_uiuc,My spacebar has never been felt up like this before.
,Recommended,239140,33163114,Posted: 2 July,all,"Kurt ""Dirty"" Angle ""s""","worth but arguable replay value. some dlc is gimmicky, get it on a sale :D"
,Recommended,239140,33205256,Posted: 3 July,all,Redox,9/10 :)
,Recommended,239140,33203929,Posted: 3 July,all,Kylo Ren,Awesomness is equal = dying light (Y)
,Recommended,239140,19181652,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,zoinks,"This game is WORTH BUYING. If you like zombies, parkour, freedom and surving. THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.(I don't usually play zomie games but this one is amazing!)This game has an amazing story with interesting characters with their own story. There's three maps to explore and slaughter zombies in or freerun in.1. Slums. Slums is a big map, the name fits it well because its really dirty and alot of trash andother♥♥♥♥♥♥laying around. But there are really beautiful areas that you can explore, run or dowhatever you want there. When you start the game you will first begin at slums. Then afterprogressing trough the story you will get to the next place.2. Sector 0. Its a small town that's not as dirty as the slums, here you can climb around andexplore alot of interesting places, but be careful because the zombies there are more dangeroud than the ones at slums.3. The dlc The Following is probably the best dlc ever made in gaming. It brings a HUGE new map to the game with a completely new story. But this place is different from the other ones.The map is so big you are gonna need a vehicle to get around. Here you can drive around inyour buggy and slaughter zombies, there are new types of zombies that are very dangerous.The game is very big and brings alot of stuff that you can do in these 3 maps. I have around 110 hours on this game and i have enjoyed every bit of it.10/10Would get betrayed again."
76561198173510539,Recommended,239140,33253371,Posted: 4 July,all,Raidriar47,bEST zOMBIE gAME IVE PLAYED
,Recommended,239140,30953246,Posted: 4 April,all,Hendo,Congrats on making a good game!
,Recommended,239140,28627623,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Unseen,This game is on steroids.
,Recommended,239140,20379469,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lifndor,gud
,Recommended,239140,33451815,Posted: 11 July,all,BaturFly,Yaz kış Parkur yapıyorum efendim Hiç yorulmadım efendim.
76561197991850157,Recommended,239140,25915886,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mr.Whîtë™,solid game....
76561198036059159,Recommended,239140,25914979,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cracker,"Had a Blast, Great way to blow off some stress after a long day"
76561198018103534,Recommended,239140,15389110,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,lord-solo,i would like some tutorials on how to setup safe zone weapons shop etc dying light developer tools is the best iv been zombie fun for years and this is the best zombie game by far that open world feel omg that best bit i love make u feel like ur playing and now going make my own open world hopefully i can learn how to quest mission etc
,Recommended,239140,31937887,Posted: 24 May,all,Dohwm,Its a awesome game with awesome graphics!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,32692623,Posted: 23 June,all,Ubervillin,Epic fun and a great stress reliever once you finally get a ranged weapon.
76561198035961381,Recommended,239140,33339864,Posted: 7 July,all,Khaoz Reaper,Batman with zombies.
76561198271990759,Recommended,239140,33341306,Posted: 7 July,all,Scourge Commander Folkmar,.
76561198353557452,Recommended,239140,33343208,Posted: 7 July,all,Lord Fidget Thick,Das good Game
76561198205016763,Recommended,239140,22442140,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,DAT BOI,very very good open world and co op game!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198067527680,Recommended,239140,33260461,Posted: 4 July,all,ThePythonGamer,This game is the best zombie game i have ever played!!!!
,Not Recommended,239140,33421711,Posted: 9 July,all,pexor,"Incoherent gameplay, half the game is forced cut-scenes, on the rare occasions you actually get to skip the cutscenes, you have to skip twenty-five times just to get through one conversation. Camera is jerky, combat is random, and the enemies are repetitive. ""Oh hey, the teenagers thought parkour was cool once, let's make a game with parkour, five years too late for the fad!"" Crackdown did it a thousand times better, a decade ago.And seriously. This is the ten-thousandth zombie survival game. I bought it because a friend said it was getting great reviews. What a waste of money."
76561198131307652,Not Recommended,239140,33402363,Posted: 9 July,all,Tiny Rick,"From my 2 hours of playtime at least 30 min were waiting for the frozen game to unfreeze.Gameplay whise the game made a solid impresson to me, but a game form 2015 which still has extreme issues with performance seems like a big nogo for me."
76561198137363172,Recommended,239140,32772731,Posted: 25 June,all,VoldeMorty,"I don't know why it took me so long to get this game other than my budget. Than there was that time I was a zombie running all over someplace called Lordan. But when I got to Harran I forgot all about it. This game is awesome I don't even meet the min recommended spec but the ripping goes away if you lower the settings (1360x768) it's my native screen resoulution and make sure your in full screen mode. The important part is the gameplay and story. There is so much content. Some of it isn't really accesible til you level up but dark souls had me ""prepare to grind"". Don't worry if you love  cooperative gameplay or invasions you can have your cake and eat it too."
76561198067249014,Recommended,239140,23118784,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,iPrecision,"Dying light was a very amusing Game. The Parkour mechanics definitely make this a fun title.But the real kicker is the thrill of traveling at night. I personally hated having to do night missions, because im not the stealthiest of people, and at night, stealth is very important.Id give this a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,14226296,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Boogie,I run a amd quad core with gforce gtx 780 and this game runs mint.Great everything 10/10Get this game
,Recommended,239140,19607240,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Jello,"Another amazing installment from Warner bros in the video gaming industry.-Pros:*Amazing gameplay*Universal character building system (No classes)*Parkour*Graphics are great*Optimized game*Product was finished at release with hardly any bugs*Be the zombie gameplay adds loads of fun for end game.*Voice support*DLC that actually has quite a bit of content to it*Base game is content high*Great story*Player customization*ZOMBIES! Lots of them and not only small groups like in dead island. (A couple hundred just navigating through the map's large bridge alone, maybe even a thousand!).*Challenging at night*Coop gameplay*Community is not toxic, but actually quite friendly.-Cons:*Hackers, hackers, hackers! In be the zombie gameplay you will encounter hackers at some point. Albeit not all the time*Recent patches to nighttime gameplay have made the special zombies a bit psychic to the point of ridiculousness (This only makes it challenging though which is great). Easily remedied with coop gameplay and quick tactics.-Personal thoughts:*The game is really great and definitely worth the money in my opinion. Its hard to find a game these days you can justify for 60$, but this one is definitely worth it. The last time I saw it as well, its actually cheaper then that."
76561197988237066,Recommended,239140,27913653,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whitefire,"Great game in all aspects which includes much of what others say about a mix of mirrors edge and left4dead or resident evil but broken multiplayer is a negative...should be made for VR bc its amazing collision engine effects would def put you in the game, best played while tripping ha just wished me and my friends could play together after I had bought the games for us..."
76561198260313218,Recommended,239140,28245432,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Deadpool,This game is awesome!
76561198132921754,Recommended,239140,28283829,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,..,I am tim and Tim says is gud game 10/10
,Recommended,239140,33539562,Posted: 14 July,all,Sooty,Good gæm
,Recommended,239140,14214758,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,IRONHATEN,"I would highly recommends this game to anyone interested in a fantastic open world, melee based game. This game is awesome and has only one negative aspect. Get this game, the developers worked extremely hard on it, and I personally think this is going to be the best game this year!Pros- Open world zombie game.- Clime anything in reach.- Superb leveling and XP system.- Challenging gameplay.- Creative brutality.- Awesome weapons- Jaw dropping graphics that scream out 2015!Cons- Lack of sleep. Nearly played it all night, EXTREAM FUN!!!!!!!P.S Idk what you guys are complaining about? I have a AMD 280X (3gb) and run the game on balanced and it works fine and still looks beautiful, I don't understand what's up. Why do we have to play games at 150 fps. That is BS and not necessary, this game is awesome and works great!"
,Recommended,239140,33602682,Posted: 17 July,all,Ahkin,Best Zombie killing game. 10/10You can even jump from the crane as Crane.
76561198042555493,Recommended,239140,14290744,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,★ Grizz.,STOP CHANGING MY COULOR SCHEME.
76561198026429971,Recommended,239140,14317914,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Foot Walker,"This is for you, if you played Dead Island and said,""Hmm, well I like the whole zombie apocalypse open world thing, but I wish it wasn't glitchy and dumb feeling...""Imagine all that, toss in epic parkour, a feeling of realism, and gross looking tentacle things that run like a cheetah on crack and hunt you in the middle of the night.That's Dying Light."
,Recommended,239140,14285841,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Tom Foolery,Hardcore Parkour.10/10 would parkour again.
,Recommended,239140,21169103,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fuck what you heard,got a VAC ban for playing 3 hours straight of The Following co-op with friends gg
,Recommended,239140,18785976,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,khidiraiman,"Just finished the game with 40 hours' worth of gameplay, on Normal. All three aspects of progress were around level 17. Onto the niggles first:1. The item placement is very poorly managed, by the time I finished up I had in excess of 60 Gauzes(yet never more than 20 Alcohols), almost 100k in cash, an insane amount of weapons(I gave up trying to sell for money since I never use it enough to depletion), and enough Lockpicks to open a smithy shop.2. Getting and gathering survival stuff eventually turned out into such a tedium, but as with most chore stuff I make a skill out of doing things fast, and eventually I was frisking enemies as they fall from my death blow. The devs really need to get a better system out for item allocation and management.3. Even though I breezed through most parts, the Arena fight and one or two other parts(around forty minutes' worth of game time if done right the first time) are seriously unfair. I may have died like five times in the Arena, losing a lot of survivor points in the process. In short, highly varied levels of difficulty inconsistent with user-selected difficulty.4. I believe the boss fight would've been better if Rais had turned in to some kind of super-zombie, and you had to use your smarts and the environment, instead of boring♥♥♥♥♥QTE. Or you can mix QTE with normal hack n slash, like the successful formula employed by God of War.That aside, graphics are very good, melee fights could do with some improving(maybe a tutorial by Jade, and markers to denote right time to block/hit like the Arkham series) but overall still fun. 7/10."
76561198146706447,Recommended,239140,27917109,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cam the Otaku,This game is amazing. I have 110 hours logged into it and still have not gotten bored playing it.
,Recommended,239140,21803796,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,jude,sweg
,Recommended,239140,14290392,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,几ヨ山呂凵と,This Game Is One Of My Favorite Zombie Games In The World
76561198074324230,Recommended,239140,28576325,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,~CryPtoNsoN~,awesome game
,Recommended,239140,21688610,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kelek72,This Game Is Hand Outs The Best Game I Played Ever Now Let's Review Story:You Are Kyle Crane GRE Agent You Are Supossed To Find A Cure For The GRE From A Bandit Named Kadir Suleiman AKA Rais Then When You Land You Get Attacked By Raismen And Bitten  You Get Rescued By Jade Aldemir And Amir Ghoreyshi And Amir Ghoreyshi Dies And You Become A Runner.Co-Op:It's Very Fun I Only Had Some Issiues It's Really Fun Playing With A Friend Or 4. Grapichs:Their Pretty Good Nice Textures And Grass And Outfits.The Following:The Following Is A Whole New Level You Get New Weapons And A Car And Get To Collect Paint Jobs Bobbleheads And Charmes Your Job Is To FindMedicin Becuse The People In The Tower Is Running Low On Antazin And A Wounded Man Said There Was A Way Out Of Harran And People Are Immune.Night Gameplay: Night Is Well Your The Prey Now Enemies Are Much Harder And Volatiles Is The Biggest Treath And In The Be The Zombie You Can Join Other Peoples Server At Night And Attack Them. Final Verdict: 10/10 Worth A Buy It's Not Like The Other Zombie Games.
,Recommended,239140,25270043,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dumbat,GREAT GAME!!!
76561198081079990,Recommended,239140,19232678,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Richoes9,Bullied a zombie by kicking it over and over again.10/10 would bully zombie again
76561198066615170,Recommended,239140,14250667,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,THEOTHERJESTER,"Dying Light sure did suprise me. At first I didn't want to get the game because of the pre-order BS but after seeing some actual gameplay of it I decided why not.Now first off the game doesn't exactly run well, there are a lot of optimization issues at the moment which will be fixed hopefully in the fear future. The tutorial in the ""Tower"" (the main hub) runs fine but after that preformance degrades. But whatever I really don't mind dropping the graphics a little bit in order to have it run better, the difference between medium and high are not that big.Gameplay is very responsive, combat is fun and fluid and running around jumping all over the place is really fun. The open world is amazing, there are so many paths you can take that it feels like a real city filled with zombies. The zombies also are done well. Although there are some ""special infected"" which I don't really like, it doesn't take away from the game. When you see these guys you know its time to run.Speaking of special infected there are these things called Nightmares. Nightmares only come out at night and you better hope you don't get stuck out in the city when they are out. I've never really been one to be legit afraid of a game, Jumpscares sure they are cheap horror tactics but these things are just different. These are what made me come give this game a review. I spent maybe 5 minutes running away from these things and I damn near soild my pants doing it. If you want something to compare them to think Chris Walker from Outlast mix with a slight dose of Cthulhu. There are also these big dudes with hammers that I can't say much about, after trying to explode one with some gas tanks and doing nothing to it I decided to just stay away.Overall this game is amazing. I've put only a few hours in it now but I can tell you it is a blast to play. Co-Op is only going to add more to this game and the whole ""invasion"" system taken form Dark Souls where you play as a zombie sounds amazing. I'll update the review when I get to try those out.10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥Pants Again!P.S. This game actually helped restore my faith in the industry so great job devs, someone should give you guys a cookie."
76561198008635347,Recommended,239140,14739055,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,^2Friendly Target,ITS GOT ZOMBEHS AND STUFF
,Recommended,239140,20129164,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bubbi,The Best Zombie Game in a long time!Open World Zombie Parkour GameIf you like zombie games you should 100% play this game!This game is awesome with a friend!Good storyline and crafting system10/10 for the naked zombies ;)
76561198143864424,Recommended,239140,17949399,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TheKingOfWolves,SInce the game is so big it make smy computer slow but the game is awesome
,Recommended,239140,29675304,Posted: 3 February,all,Prime Minister Justin Trudeau,so i got this game 2 months after release right and its the  Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Editionbut its just dying light by itself so why dont i have the following with it?
,Recommended,239140,14204587,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,4Knife,"I think this game is great.Map isnt as big as I'd hoped,There is still plenty to do though.The Day and Night Cycle IS dynamic, though it only kicks in after a few missions at the start are completed.The Multiplayer is alright. Myself I really enjoy the ""Be the Zombie"" mode, when I can join a match, and actually finish a match. Being able to swing across rooftops unprecedented by any humans, then pouncing on them and tearing them apart, is very satisfying. You can level up your zombie character, and the human has 3 different fields to level up.Very fun, I am enjoying, 13 hrs in, I've finished 34% of story the game says.My main concern was about the length the game will be, so will update when I finish"
76561198018824877,Recommended,239140,23639508,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Crash_Down,"Very easily the best zombie game I have ever played. The weapons crafting is excellent. The scavanging aspect is very well done. The main storyline is good, as are most of the side quests. A few of the npc's are downright hilarious. I really liked that I wasn't automatically forced to battle my way throur hordes of zombies everywhere I went, being able to parkour my way around the city if I chose to.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,21301782,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,S k e e t,"Grab a buddy, grab some snacks and grab cork to plug up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because you aren't going to leave your desk for days on end.10/10- would plug ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again"
76561197987334229,Recommended,239140,28566482,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheGuru,Awesome Game!
76561198144267388,Recommended,239140,15969581,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Would You Like Some Tea?,"Dying Light is a great game, the best in the Dead Island series for sure."
,Recommended,239140,22026217,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ginda,"They released a graphical update for free. Nothing more to say really, apart from it being a super fun game."
76561198118499115,Recommended,239140,23243824,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Fat English Man,its good
,Recommended,239140,25997772,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dylanm471,zombies cool parkour cool zombies and parkour? Badass best game ever
,Recommended,239140,20269470,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,۞M۞۞a۞۞t۞۞h۞۞e۞۞r۞۞F۞۞a۞۞c۞۞k۞,"Almost perfect! Found a graphical bug at the last but one mission, when I aimed to the ground there were huge grey walls everywhere. I recommend this game if you love zombie survival games with perfect graphics and storyline.There are some negatives which I have to admit, they should be fixed.- Co-op does not save the storyline for other players. I played the storyline from 0 to 97% with two friends but they have to start all over again because they joined my storyline. It should be synced.- There should be an open-world multiplayer instead of ""be the zombie"". Main reason for this; when you finished the storyline, you have no other option for multiplayer than ""be the zombie"".There should be a multiplayer like GTA V, where you can have your own gang in a savehouse around the map (all maps combined). And be able to choose to be in ""safe-mode"" or normal mode. Safe-mode will not allow players to attack you but you can't attack other players as well. Normal mode will allow attacking other players."
76561198121842376,Recommended,239140,19812358,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RickyPDC,"At first i felt intense fear, which made it really great, like jumping on a van from aboveand waiting scared atop seeing like 20 zombies sorround me. Later, when you get used to it it is also fun, which is surprising. I also liked the difficulty, even though i played most of the game with a friend, which is also a really nice feature. About to replay it, great game."
,Recommended,239140,23870027,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,lemme get uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,good game 8/8
76561198003340520,Recommended,239140,24090363,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NoneSmith,"FUN: Chopping up Zombies with random antiques, plumbing supplies, and fireworks gone wrongFUN: Character ProgressionSorta-FUN: Parkour-climbing, jumping, running, whole-body jump kicks to baddie facesSorta-FUN: lame♥♥♥♥♥guns, come one really? 5 guns? 5? F I V E? pfft.. whateverSorta-FUN: Grappling hookNOT-FUN: ♥♥♥♥ you and your cut-scenesNOT-FUN: Hey lets take away all your gear and make you fight stuff! That’s fun right?!NOT-FUN: Hey let’s climb all kinds of S H I T, take my gear away, and make me figure out how I  mapped my keyboard buttons!!! Yeah!!!NOT-FUN: characters in the story, seriously take a creative writing class - you are getting paid for a good story"
,Recommended,239140,18858177,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ToRRIIDeR,"Maybe its too early to review this game now, but i whole hearted;y reccomend this game to any zomie fan and any person who likes constant fast paced action. The game's mechanics are pretty solid and thanks to the updates the performance of the game is pretty good, plus the game looks beautiful. This game also offers alot of content for your money, i would reccomend you getting it during the discount like how i got it for SGD$35.50 which is roughly $28USD which is extreme good value especially when the games replayablility is so high having so many missions. i wont rate this game because its simply too early, but if you are a mega zombie fan, i highly reccomend this game"
76561198138960191,Recommended,239140,23963550,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Promethul,Good.
76561198056515158,Recommended,239140,17600133,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tankjr115,"Smooth parkour mechanics, a gory dismemberment system, fun for hours on end."
76561198268022312,Recommended,239140,30840654,Posted: 30 March,all,nayef23_,Best game ever
,Recommended,239140,20794614,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MisterShakerNL,"This game is visually wonderfull, plays amazing and is a lot of fun... Still have to try the co-op mode, but will do so soon!And remember kids, Good Night & Good Luck!"
,Recommended,239140,20017612,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kid legend,"OMFG THIS GAME !! The Story , the parkour all the intense stuff happening !Just Completed it , THIS GAME IS HILARIOUSRecomended to everyone 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20584773,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Internal Madness,best game i played in a while 10/10
76561198196565142,Recommended,239140,20776123,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ghostly Gamer,i love it i wish i had the miney for the bozak and season pass dlcs i need the money but it is a great game i wish just wish i had enough money thought i will soon i love the games and the dlcs
,Recommended,239140,14244756,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cap'n,Patch 1.2.1 fixed most of the frame problems for me on a nvidia card
,Recommended,239140,20336063,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Eveny,A pretty good game that i enjoy quiet a bit gameplay is good parkor works good its just a good fun game and you should try it
,Recommended,239140,14809801,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,CosmicSilenceTv,I like how in the slums their is a place called the bites motel it reminded me of the show bates motel..... Well thats cool
,Recommended,239140,21051326,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Professor Swag PhD,"Omfg, I had stopes playing this game for a very long time, but since my fend got me back into it I can't get enough. With the new DLC I can't wait to play more, with a fresh exprience."
76561198073845186,Recommended,239140,22420627,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Gurorrilla Exia,"Best game if you like parkour,zombies,looting,open world,and annoying night hunters...I like it because it got so many side-quest well I usually play side-quest than main quest for looting and expOverall is good but one things....just one things.....Please reconsider for low spec rig like me and othersAdd remove 'Shadow'Set texture to 'Low' (in setting the lowest is 'Medium')Remove ambient creature such 'Pigeon'Grass and especially at bridge"
,Recommended,239140,15819947,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,21 Sausage,Beautifully designed game. Great gameplay and locomotion controls. Optimization is on point. The best first person zombie hack-n-slash game on the market today. One of my top picks for 2014. 10/10
76561197970313862,Recommended,239140,30863147,Posted: 31 March,all,CTSgt.Zen,This game is Great
,Recommended,239140,30063288,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Brightside,Like a first person assassins creed with zombies 10/10
,Recommended,239140,21551669,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Big Pep,its name is dying light the following... but i dont have the following xD help?
,Recommended,239140,16157903,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,"Hey, I am adopted",WHO WANTS TO PLAY DYING LIGHT WITH MEEEEEEEEE? :D
,Recommended,239140,14199898,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,IHateMyLife,"Played 4 hours straight with 2 of my best friends, here is my end results:Zombies are really fun to kill and not completely easy..Multiple zombie types/formsGuns are not easy to findGraphics are amazingMany side quests along with good story-lineA must get.."
,Recommended,239140,14207610,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KneelB4Zod,"The game is pure awesome. The gameplay is fun, animations are smooth and overall feeling of the game is AMAZING.If you are not sure about your decision, I am telling you - you SHOULD buy it. It's like Dead Island, but better, a LOT better! Tons of stuff to do, tons of weapon, tons of fun!I've yet to experience the coop in game, but I bet it will be even better! ! :)"
76561198145387548,Recommended,239140,24281070,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,You Know Nothing,Do you like slicing zombies into pieces and jumping arond like tarzan? if you do then this game is for you.
,Recommended,239140,15961102,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,CEBL,"This is such an amazing game. Lots of replay value, and with the DLC coming out very soon there is even more reason to buy it.Good night.Good luckUpdate: still a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game ngl"
76561198086116701,Recommended,239140,33130330,Posted: 2 July,all,liadss1,good zombie game.
76561198160556459,Recommended,239140,33064966,Posted: 30 June,all,zerotheory7,"can i please get a refund on this, it is a great game, but my computer cant run it and i really dont want to waste my money on something i cant even play. sorry for the inconveniance"
,Recommended,239140,32985041,Posted: 29 June,all,S7.RainbowDash,"Great game, fun coop times, as a grappling hook, any game with one of those is a great game."
76561198142856471,Recommended,239140,25950551,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,pangus95,Unreal.
,Recommended,239140,27744446,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blue,Buy it now before I need to shine my UV light on you!
76561198107676327,Recommended,239140,27743244,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mexican Chaos,1. Lure zombies near edge of building2. Attempt to dropkick zombie off said edge3. miss and fall to certain death4. Reload and start back at step one
,Recommended,239140,33336703,Posted: 7 July,all,∪n∟∪⊏ky,Perfection
,Recommended,239140,14768635,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Strix,Awesome....
,Recommended,239140,14740420,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Best Drink AU,"An awesome, realistic zombie survival game that lets you do the story and side quests at your own pace. Would reccomened if you like zombie games.Good Night, Good Luck."
76561198063658007,Recommended,239140,14616350,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Poltergeist,"My reviev is purely just to say if I liked the game or not...Just finished the game and I'm disappointed, I spent about 50 hours on the game and want 50 more pffffffffffffffftI loved the game, I reckon its my best game for 2015 so far, thanks a million Techland!!! I never played Dead Island so this is the first game I play with this Genre and you just made me a huge fan.Gameplay : 10/10 (Had no problems with the gameplay/style)Story: 07/10 (Main story is kinda short)Graphics : 08/10 (Had problems with my Graphics set to Max and my PC can handle it)Sound : 10/10Progression : 08/10 (Becomes linear at the end of the game, finding crafting items etc)Love the Parkour, love the weapons, love the upgrade system, this game was awesome."
,Recommended,239140,14245527,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BLEH,You can drop kick people off the roof . 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14998478,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Snickerdoodle,I THINK THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,239140,15008168,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Keepsie,AMAZING GAME BUY NOW! Good Night Good Luck
76561198018762191,Recommended,239140,14272348,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Geo,"After just completing the story I recommend this game for many reasons but here are a few.  First off is the parkour, it is a very sort of playground type parkour with a good skill tree to further enhance your fun such as dropkicks, rolls, and the good ole shoulder bash from Sam B himself.  Melee combat in Dying Light has been revamped since their release of Dead Island.  A whole new physics remake makes it feel satisfying when you get that hit on a zombie that pops the skull.  However, if your fighting humans the melee system can be a lot trickier.  They can block your attacks often (sometimes even throwables!) they can dodge kick etc.  Now onto my favorite part, the story of this game.  I will be sure to include no spoilers as I have just completed the game.  It is a very well done story that can keep you captivated.  I often found myself being drawn to story missions rather then as something I had to do to progress.  The people you meet, tasks done are interesting and overall fun.  There are even some humorous spots around.  Now the heart and soul of Dying Light, the zombies.  No one is quite sure where it came from but some interesting side quests do have theories.  Dying Light got their zombies right the first time you see a new zombie it should really make you jump.  Take the volatiles for example my first glance at one scared me real bad.  Like heart pounding.  I was terrified to be out at night alone.  Eventually I had to and I was still scared.  The zombies can be quite entertaining during the day however, watching them flop around.  But just remember this game is entitled Dying Light.  Which brings me whimpering to the next topic, coop.  Coop is a fun thing to me, I have and always will love coop in free roam games.  Coop can be used as a therapy for fear.  Grab a couple of buddies and from a raiding group to travel at night.  Raiding not your thing?  Try challenges to add to the mix to keep the competition up.  When you've experienced the fear from first seeing a zombie that is probably gonna make you scream and cry.Repeatedly.  Coop will help you overcome that fear.  Dying Light for me is a fun game, it can keep you entertained with it's rapid parkour and combat while keeping you intertwined with the story and many fun side quests which includes fetching coffee, crayons, and even gathering stuff at night.  Don't forget Jeff's crazy idea ""The Apocalypse Wall.""  I like Dying Light it brings to light some new and interesting mechanics (see what i did there) and a great storyline.  Definitely worth a try to pick up and play if you get the chance."
76561197973272306,Recommended,239140,16443904,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,lulz,.
76561198049796344,Recommended,239140,31080345,Posted: 11 April,all,mavmissile,Yes because you can electrocute zombies!  .   Shotgun and loads of ammo for the zombies heads old school option please.And the most tedious non avoidable 'intro' unfortunately.
76561198017388797,Recommended,239140,14925705,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sky Captain,"Great game, definitly a revolutionary zombie game."
,Recommended,239140,15367228,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TPG SicSo,Best game i ever played. I recomand it if u have a lot of time and money to invest in it. Its a good competitor for GTA5.
,Recommended,239140,14225667,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Chris 2.0,7/10 Hard game
,Recommended,239140,14833268,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,LazilierLion,"THEY FIXED THE AMD RACISM!!!!! Atleast on my part, definite worth the buy."
,Recommended,239140,14722061,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,GeoX,10/10 Must have!
76561198061693524,Recommended,239140,14612678,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,FunkyFloris,"A adrenalin packed zombie slaughter fest!The parkour element is amazing, every edge and ledge you see can be climbed.The skill trees are also awesome and a different approach from most games which helps this game be more fun!Now, the story isn't well written and is fully predictable, it's also difficult to listen to dialogues without getting bored, such a shame because the protagonist has a good sounding voice actor!Overall I give this game a 7/10 if you play COOP, singleplayer is less fun and even playing with random people isn'tas enjoyable as playing with your real friendsIf your a parkour/zombie fan and don't care about the story too much, I'd say buy it!"
76561198078293318,Recommended,239140,14617403,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mproano,this game is amazing although the free runing isnt as fluid as you think it would be but as you progress later in the game it gets so fluid it feels likle mirrors edge.  I reccomend buyin it
76561198097862286,Recommended,239140,14913746,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Innocent Teddy,Amazing game period.
,Recommended,239140,14310255,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,VeMeLoN,"That game is just awesome man, so much hidden stuff and easter eggs. Even more fun in coop with a friend! 10/10 would buy again!"
,Recommended,239140,14207124,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Khirean #WhereIsTheBomb,Great gaem!
,Recommended,239140,14249361,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,urbanangel,"True brilliant in modern world of coal titles. Perfect combination of technical, designer and directorial mastership. Congratulations, Techland! You guys rock."
,Recommended,239140,17421467,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Chloe Price.,"I thought when i bought this i would not be able to run it with my crappy system but i found out i could run this game to a playable rate plus the game being absolutly awesome, you are mostly in control during the day but my first time at night i was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my self, highly recomend this game to fans of dead island or mirrors edge, and good night good luck."
,Recommended,239140,26320232,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SEB!,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,239140,32358422,Posted: 11 June,all,drowzy,"good game to play when you're bored. very easy to get caught up killing zombies trying to advance in your skill trees and get new abilities. grinding doesn't feel like a chore, it's something you want to do.  lot's of interesting approaches to killing zombies. very fun co-op. only downside for me is the plot and some of the side missions. the plot was pretty boring and predictable, especially if you've played Dead Rising. half the side missions were so boring, i had no urge to do them. they had bad rewards and weren't interesting. ""go to this location. pick this item up. turn in quest."" and then you get like $1000 and low EXP rewards. unengaging story line, half the time you'd rather just run around and kill zombies. also parkour is fun and feels good.8/10, would be 10/10 if the story was better and they had more creative side missions."
76561198138662647,Recommended,239140,32414122,Posted: 14 June,all,SplitBarrel2,This game is a lot of fun. The parkour is so much fun while evading zombies and so many moves that you can unlock that is so much fun.
76561197984988083,Recommended,239140,14261635,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Maikl,8.5/10. Characters are quite boring and cheesy but the gameplay is awesome most fun co op game that i've played in a long time.
,Recommended,239140,30503821,Posted: 14 March,all,jockedition,"fun game with some of the single most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ design choices i've ever seen. given to another dev this could've been an amazing game but the way it is, is more humorous and theres more♥♥♥♥♥♥to talk about it so :steamsalty:"
,Recommended,239140,18269419,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Alienware,"I've always wanted to play a parkour game like Mirror's Edge but since I missed the sale I just forgot about it. Then Lord gaben bestowed upon us a Dying Light sale and I got it, praise Gaben. Anyway this game is about parkour and zombies, a little unrealistic sometimes but that's what most games are anyway. The story is fun, the fear in the dark isREAL, the weapons are cool and it's over all a fun game. It might get a little grindy at some points in the game so I'd recommend multiplayer, it makes everything much simpler and so much more fun. Overall 8/10."
76561198082218700,Recommended,239140,21308393,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,GOOMBA,Its a ♥♥♥♥ing great game
,Recommended,239140,23881863,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nach,"The best zombie game I've played , masterpiece !!!"
76561198068294980,Recommended,239140,14669240,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Vamanandy,"EXTREMELY FUN! for the first 28-30 hrs. its a great game but unlike dead island and many other games in the rpg genre it has NO replay ability. there are no characters to choose from and the skill tree gets completely filled out with in 30hrs(in my case). by the time u level up to lvl 24 in 3 catagories u have every ability so theres no ""builds"" for the one character u get to play as. so once i beet it and maxed out i played some zombie invation which is only fun for about 2-3hrs in my opinion.Was it fun?   YesDid i feel i got my moneys worth? i believe that as much as a game is in $ you should get AT LEAST that many hours out of it,BUT it was so much fun for those 30hrs i think it was worth it.i am going to recommend it because it is a one of a kind game thats very fun to playUNLESS U DIDNT LIKE DEAD ISLAND. its just as repetative except running from place to place for people to lazy to leave there house is fun with all the parkour.rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,31957556,Posted: 25 May,all,Subtrekt,"Stealth recommended for singleplayer. But if with a friend, UNLEASH YOUR INNER RAMBO AND REKT THOSE ZOOMMMBEEHHSS"
76561198051937677,Recommended,239140,21326500,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ebyss,First person parkour??!!! Im In!!
76561198052394981,Recommended,239140,14288379,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Numlok,some generic fetch quests but overall surprisingly entertaining -graphics are top notch with 21:9 monitor support GG8/10 still a little buggy with a frame rate drops but patches are coming-patch the first week fixed a lot of issue waiting for some more-worth the full price
,Recommended,239140,15272142,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,mr_hits_alot420,Great game 10 out of 10 best zombie game other then last of us
,Recommended,239140,30909170,Posted: 2 April,all,FireFly,It's a alright game it need some stutter lag fixing but otherwise than that its okay i quess. But not worth 50 Euro's i bought it for 20 and thats a good price...+ its 2 years old mate...
,Recommended,239140,14263136,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dj_Koala,Bad story but such a great game overall
76561198063890824,Recommended,239140,15879508,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,xTROJANxMAN69x,Beautiful game overall. No complaints!
,Recommended,239140,21833359,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Edshirun,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
76561198222636464,Recommended,239140,32458268,Posted: 15 June,all,Yakuba,Awesome game with srong story and great gamepley. Music and graphism are beautifull as well. I highly recomend.
76561197977211401,Recommended,239140,16853086,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Largely forgettable story, with a villian who is a cheap Vaas rip-off.  But the zombie killing is fun, particularily with the freedom of movement the parkour system allows.The one significant problem the game had when I played it was that there was no firearms other than lvl 1 firearms which could spawn (due to a glitch in a lookup table or something like that).  Dont know if they have fixed it, but it meant you HAD to melee."
,Recommended,239140,25094804,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,HåkeLuring,good game 10 point 123123
76561198073668287,Recommended,239140,25159166,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[TW] Sgt. Rice Balls,"Love it full of interesting and different weapons and combos, very fluid and smooth freerunning/parkour. Graphics and the gore is on point aswell. Map is huge and full of hidden stuff. Great game for when you just want to relax, hop onto co-op ... and just do some mindless murdering  or go questing with friends."
76561198165495036,Recommended,239140,29106413,Posted: 7 January,all,Distock15,One of the best games for meOptimization: 10/10History: 9/10Price: 8/10Epic game with friends and the DLC the Following is amazingMy calification is 9/10
76561198088676861,Recommended,239140,30146385,Posted: 24 February,all,New Age Idiot,it aight
76561198168696285,Recommended,239140,28962252,Posted: 2 January,all,KodiKodi,I reccomend this game becuase 1 AMAZING just fantastic graphics that shine 2 You can fu*king drop kick your enemy3 the game is just really fun to play with friends 4 Very good selection of weapons and 5 PARKOUR i mean like Zombie + Parkour = A amazing game.
76561198127450807,Recommended,239140,29404661,Posted: 21 January,all,HarambeTheMLGPro™,It is amazing for someone who searches a parkour game or a zombie game this is definetly the game. It has a wonderful map to explore and killing zombies and for those who are more competitive you can go out at night and it aint easy. It really is a loot to survive game and you can build your own weapons together its just amazing. Go ahead and buy this game do me the favour
76561198064302970,Recommended,239140,28869127,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Elpximso 3.95$ Inv,It's lit
,Recommended,239140,29649245,Posted: 2 February,all,Pheonix,"Finished the story, beautiful graphics and amazing weapons, the world of dying light has much to explore"
76561198098138494,Recommended,239140,26410813,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ButterWizard,"The 8% of the negative reviews are based on people with crap computers saying that the game is bad because they can't run it or just people who give up too easily. I have played this game on Normal, Hard, and Nightmare mode maxing out everything except im still trying to find the gold weapons. The graphics in this game are amazing, and the environment as well. The regular story is meh and The Following story was amazing. There are many weapons in this game and as you level up you have a chance at getting the better weapons. In the beginning of the game, it can be frustrating due to how many times u die, but remember that later on you will have fun slashing zombies like butter (just like my name lel). The easter eggs in this game are really fun to mess around with. If your going to buy this game, buy it mostly for The Following. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,239140,31199555,Posted: 17 April,all,Hermawan,"Best zombie games I've played, the story is totally unpredictable. You have to try it!"
,Recommended,239140,26008600,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Snowskeeper,"I heard a child crying in the next room over, so I opened the door, took a few steps backwards, and chucked a grenade through. Then I shut the door.What a great game."
76561198012273611,Recommended,239140,24226074,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ether,"I'll rate this game 7 out of 10.......the ONLY reason why I'm giving it such a low rating is due to the lack of a SAVE BUTTON. This game...in my opinion... would benifit greatly from a save button. Other than that, the game is amazing and I would definitely recommend buying it!"
76561198261551779,Recommended,239140,22570118,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,King_Cobra_King,This game is about humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing zombies killing humans killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing humans killing zombies killing and it's majestic. #gokillamoose
,Recommended,239140,21622414,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,zuZU,I love this game it's amazing it contain's zombies and EVEN PARKOUR!It will never get old to me :)
76561198178568285,Recommended,239140,25771424,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,✪Fr3sH,The best survival game
,Recommended,239140,22393090,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Tremer,"We'll if you like parkor,zombies,open world,lots of weapons and a fair story then this is for you.The game also has a lot of side quests to do once you finished the story.The Following has a great buggy mechanic,more weapons and also a fair story."
,Recommended,239140,22419027,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Nathatterson,You get to put your hands all over corpses and somehow get cigarettes and booze from it.10/10 Would defile corpses again.
76561198046151096,Recommended,239140,24177133,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kai_long,really a lot fun.
,Recommended,239140,29236614,Posted: 13 January,all,dillbarr,"Pros+ Really, Really, Really cool combat. Visceral, gory and just plain satisfying.+ Mods and Steam workshop stuff is awesome and adds tons of replay value.+Graphics are pretty amazing, one of the best looking games I've played.+ Story is interesting enough. You can kind of understand why the main character does all these errands for these people.+Variety. Climb♥♥♥♥♥♥ Kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ Drive♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥ Throw♥♥♥♥♥♥ Explore. There is always something new to do or check out.+Map is awesome with lots of verticality and houses to enter. Different enviroments depending on where you are.+Night time is like a different game and gets your adrenaline going. Lots of crazy chases at night.+Amazing co-op. Watching your friend drop kick a zombie off a 3 story roof never gets old.Cons- AAA game so AAA pricetag, it's not unfair but games are pretty expensive nowadays.I would say full price it's worth it. If you can pick it up for ~30 bucks though you got yourself a hell of a deal."
,Recommended,239140,27510372,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tekken 7 Is Now Playing,CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANE
76561198272385155,Recommended,239140,21926399,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,King DeDeDe,"*Disclaimer: the number of hours said does not correspond with the quality of the review. I've played many hours(100+) on another platform.Let's just get this out of the way first. It is quite true that Dying Light is very similar to Dead Island. Techland wanted to develop a more realistic game with less goofs and giggles and split off from deep silver. But a lot of the game has followed the same formula. It is true that Dying Light is in many ways just an improved version of Dead Island? Yes. Does that mean the game is bad? NO. Dying Light may not be a radical departure from the Dead Island games but it doesnt need to be. There are many aspects that go into making Dying Light stand out as it's own game. So first let's get into the story.In Dying Light, you are Kyle Crane, a Global Relief Effort operative that is sent into the city of Harran. Parts of Harran have been quarantined to prevent an new virus from spreading. The virus affects people in some different ways, but the whole goal of the infected is to kill and eat... people. Otherwise known as zombies which is a term thrown around a lot in this game. Your goal, however, is to extract a file that is in the hands of a man named Suleiman. This file if publicized, could kill billions. It starts with a strong introduction that could really make you interested in whats going on but it ultimately goes from a fresh story where you're in the apocalypse for a reason to the same cliched story you've seen in every action movie of the 80's. Just to clarify I want to mention that the game's story wasn't awful but it wasn't great either. If they removed the cliches and didn't decide to kill off some relatively interesting and undeveloped characters, there would be a pretty good story. I can see disappointment in your eyes but not to fear, the gameplay is the game's strongsuit.Dying Light really shines in the gameplay(HaHa... Get it?). There are so many things to do in the 2 non-DLC areas. Most things in enterable buildings can be looted for crafting materials,weapons can be found,hidden areas can be explored etc. One of the best things about playing Dying Light is parkour. The world around you is so tailor made for parkour especially in the 2nd half of the game in the new Old Town. You can vault,climb and jump through your environment with relative ease. The combat goes from hitting an infected over 20-30 times to kill to doing jumping attacks,axe whirlwinds,neck snaps,tackles and so much more. There even electronically activated traps and spikes to use if you're in a sticky situation. Though the parkour and combat are great they can both seem a bit rigid at times but doesn't detract from the game. The game has 4 skill trees with varying tricks,moves and useful passive buffs. There is agility for your parkour,power for combat, surivivor for many useful items and buffs and then the legend skill tree. The legend skill tree only is unlocked once you max out one or more of the skill trees. This legend level goes up with xp that would be normally earned to the respective skill trees but gives them a purpose. So if you could'nt level up power your power xp would go to legend. The game's namesake is possibly one of the best parts of this game. The day/night cycle involves normal zombies and the freerunning virals by day and dangerous volatiles and night runners that evolve in front of you. These infected are powerhouses and so much so that they have cones of vision on the minimap so you can avoid them. There is a crafting system that allows generic weapon mods like for and electricity or throwables. This correspponds with how you need blueprints to make many of these things. The way I had the most fun with this game was with it's drop in/drop out co-op. You can play through the whole story together with friends after a short prologue or jump into someone else's game if the going gets tough. This game is 1000x better with friends. There is one more mode named be the zombie because you are invading someone else's game at night and taking their ten lives before they take your volatile nests. In this game mode you have skills and abilities to unlock with gives this game some extra time.Graphics are not very important but I'll do a brief paragraph on it. This games graphics on higher settings are gorgeous here on pc. It has some preformance issues if you're not running a powerful system though and you will notice it. It also feels sometimes that the game loads faster than it really does. There have been many occasions in which i finish loading and continue then spawn with low-res textures slowly popping into their normal textures. It feels like at sometimes their can be a good bit of pop in for many objects and textures.Dying Light lacks in story but makes up for it in it's great parkour and combat system,co-op and the addicting Night Hunter mode.Story: 6.5/10Gameplay: 8/10Graphics and Preformance: 7.5/10Overall Rating: 7/10"
76561198086186623,Recommended,239140,25434996,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,dillyhop,ayy lmao
,Recommended,239140,26174805,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,h0ppin,"Seinfeld is an American sitcom that originally ran for nine seasons on NBC, from 1989 to 1998. It was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld, the latter starring as a fictionalized version of himself. Set predominantly in an apartment building in Manhattan's Upper West Side in New York City (although taped entirely in Los Angeles), the show features a handful of Jerry's friends and acquaintances, particularly best friend George Costanza (Jason Alexander), former girlfriend Elaine Benes (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), and neighbor across the hall Cosmo Kramer (Michael Richards). It is often described as being ""a show about nothing"", as many of its episodes are about the minutiae of daily life."
76561198072665721,Recommended,239140,21621962,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mattneu9499,Great game
76561198001807994,Recommended,239140,21623862,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Crudux Cruo,"Did you like dead island? think of this as dead island 2.0, without the island, but with a much much bigger world to explore. its a win-win."
,Recommended,239140,21664903,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,patrik,Holy Sh*t! This game! Best thing about this game is how damn free you are. You can parkour where ever you want and slice down zombies! And the story is amazing! Me and my friend usually play with eachother wich is very much fun too. Do I recommend this game? Hell ya! And it's easy worth those 50€! Thinking about buying the dlc too!
,Recommended,239140,22548759,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Godyx,This game Run better than Usain Bolt
,Recommended,239140,27368302,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thomas IsBad,"This game is my major open world game. The things that I love about this game are the fact that there is always something to do wether you have finished everything or not there are still challenges. The Following is a much more polished game than the normal game because of all that you can explore and how little is left out and in the normal one you will try to go over something and hit the skybox. The games campaign is pretty decent in the normal game, but in The Following it is amazing. You should get this game if you are looking to have a nice time messing around in a game. If you have friends playing with you this game becomes twice as good."
76561198059168555,Recommended,239140,22946358,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,happy,good game
76561198087196784,Recommended,239140,25437968,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,COLE THE CARRY,zombies try to kill you
76561198227340984,Recommended,239140,26257320,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MarioSpaghetti9595,"Loved it, but...Okay I loved this game the parkour movements, the skill trees, the day and night mechanices, and the story but I have one complaint it involves the story soBeware of spoilers!this issue involves performance I recommend a gaming PCIn the final story mission of the game extraction there is part where you must run across a crane and grab a ledge of a building before Rais blows it up sending you falling to your death. I've tried so many times to get to the building before the crane falls I don't even have anymore survivor points to lose my character is just slow enough I fall just before getting there. I have both of the free-running skills but to no avail I'm eternaly stuck in the extraction mission on that crane. I've also tried climbing the the crane and walking across the cables so Rais doesn't even fire a rocket at the crane but that causes a glitch in which Rais won't even spawn at the top of the building.I've tried so many fixes I've lowered my graphic settings to be as low as possible and I've atempted to set dying light's priority to high instead of normal with task manager but as soon as I resume the game task manager rebels and sets it right back to normal priority I just want high priority for like two minutes so I can get to the top of the building confront Rais and return to the normal gameplay I've never had any performance issues before this that weren't fixd by switching the graphics to the best performance preset If anyone knows how I can get the high priority to stay long enough for me to get across the crane please tell me or any other methods of getting across.Fixed my issues by using a speed booster and pyza suit!"
,Recommended,239140,23669992,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Honey Boo Boo,"Here, we made you an open world and a car that breaks down all the time. Now, go ahead and drive that car from the very western part of the world to the very eastern part. When you are done with that, go ahead and drive from the very north to the very south. Do this for 10 hours and try not to lose the car completely as you will have to sprint the distance."
,Recommended,239140,21946440,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,FTP,"Я купил Enhanced Edition и не пожалел.Dlc и сама игра мне очень понравились.Ещё можно поиграть на пользовательских миссиях и есть мультиплеер. Если хотите купить эту игру то лучше покупайте Enhanced Edition,не пожалеете"
,Recommended,239140,20229612,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sora (I Design PM me for prices),LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,239140,21627595,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ОЛИ ! INSANITY!!!( ͡° ͜ʖ,I recomand the following dlc
,Recommended,239140,19993990,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CMD_17,one of the best games i have ever played
,Not Recommended,239140,20137933,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,OmegaNine,"Its like dead island, but with none of the fun.  Ad to that platforming in first person (dying because you missed a ledge and having to start 20 miles away again) and I think maybe I should have waited for Dead Island 2.  I am sure this is for someone, but running back across town every time I am an inch off or a trash pile or miss a ledge make the game more annoying than fun.  Plus I miss the funny to break up the monotony of grinding."
,Recommended,239140,20287510,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ac~L2P~ab,"Zombies zombies and even more zombies, this is by far The BEST Zombie game 2015/16 non of any other zombie game can compare it self with this Dying Light!!! not only the name is cool the game is freaking awesome too! it's a complete package of fun, fear and awesome game time."
76561197970720516,Recommended,239140,31084212,Posted: 11 April,all,Maddog,Great game well worth a go
76561198079394139,Recommended,239140,20175796,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Log,never got to smash jade 0/10
,Recommended,239140,20753554,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ponzi,"I used to think Dead Island was the greatest game of all time, but Dying Light changed my mindPros:Parkour is amazing, it's soo fun.Combat mechanics are flawlessRealistic limb-chopping, head smashing, and bone breakingRunning from Volatiles is fun afGreat, original storyline, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ endingSad deathsHigh replay value (better loot, collectibles, etc)GoryParkour/combat challengesMultiplayer is funCons:Parkour can be glitchy at timesSome voice acting can be kinda iffyDecent length, but I was still left wanting moreCo-op is glitchy as hellOverall a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game, can't wait for the DLC and/or sequel to come out!"
76561198103604344,Recommended,239140,20732784,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[PTF] JuicyShoe,"Very good game, I wouldn't consider playing it by yourself. VERY SCARY"
76561198070555674,Recommended,239140,21114425,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Yoko,"Oh yes, this game is amazing, the devs are amazing, the following is amazing, this is amazing, ooohuououohooou"
76561198125867882,Recommended,239140,21059699,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kek|Nifty,t`is k
76561198072977438,Recommended,239140,21073205,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Talal**,best game <3
76561198193178138,Recommended,239140,20796261,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Spooderman,great game 9.9/10 awesome game
,Recommended,239140,20228278,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Elchesh,A great game! It exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,239140,20647548,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Longshot,GOTY 2015
,Recommended,239140,29519918,Posted: 27 January,all,nys ben dtrjn gamdom.com,you know the jokes she♥♥♥♥♥♥me right?well this is:zombies♥♥♥♥♥♥me
,Recommended,239140,29239803,Posted: 13 January,all,۩SAO OS۩,Better add Chinese
,Recommended,239140,14289371,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hal 9000,"Hit a kid with a pipe. Pipe broke. Got an axe. Hit an fat guy. Broke in to hits.True weopon progression.""Made me hard and wet. 69/420 IGN"""
,Recommended,239140,14277170,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,comminsar,"A great story with a open world I very much enjoy exploring. The beautifully crafted movement system feels very well implemented, this game was a suprise as I hated similar looking games like Dead Island, however this game improves a hell of a lot, with weapons feeling great to use instead of spongey and horrible like Dead Islands. Repairing weapons being able to happen on the fly keeps the momentum up when in the middle of a fight, which is good, and the day/night cycle genuinely makes this game tense and scary in places.Performance WAS an issue when I bought the game a few days ago, running at sub-720p and low settings and struggling to hit 30 fps, but litterally the patch next day I am running at 1080p Medium-High on my laptop no problems. I await more performance updates to make this game run even better.I would recommend this game if you have the specs to run it. Definitely a suprise hit with me."
76561198371625952,Recommended,239140,30880784,Posted: 1 April,all,Loximy,Its a really Interesting Game But I dont see any server to play with :(
76561197961733750,Recommended,239140,14501797,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,F B Kingsley,"Recommended:  One of the very few games Steam has sold in long time that is worth the price tag.This is an open world, quest driven, zombie game... if you do not like open worlds, quests, or zombies you will not like Dying Light."
76561198035971078,Recommended,239140,14301388,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Deathly Horror,Assassins Creed with Zombies and a drug addiction.+Replay value.+Simple Controls.+Believable enviorment.-Glitchy.-Quests hold your hands.-Predictable story.
76561198118226133,Recommended,239140,14587262,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blair Outlaw,i can jump and♥♥♥♥♥♥tzu
,Recommended,239140,14856162,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Durant,Hard mode is a good one.
76561198041057292,Recommended,239140,14768067,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Genfear,"Very fun game, Cant wait for expansions!"
,Recommended,239140,14770814,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sheh,Most atmospheric and engaging game I've experience in ages. Worth it at full price.
,Recommended,239140,14270856,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,Say hello to a better dead island.
,Recommended,239140,14784369,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,iluvOP,"Port is fine, requires a fairly beastly computer to run it well, the optimisation could be better since apparently mid range rigs have some issues with it. I didnt have any after turning down AO and Nvidia DoF.The game is fun, thats the keyword. The characters/story and most things are silly and sometimes stupid, but its stupid fun. The gameplay is smooth and feels satisfying throughout. The game is filled to the brim with details on the smallest of things, its clear that the devs put their hearts and souls into this game. It shows and they deserve a thumbs up for it."
76561198053126199,Recommended,239140,14802628,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Yuri,Great game
,Recommended,239140,16094820,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Horndoggy_G,Awesome game!
76561198082673040,Recommended,239140,14997945,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Harvey,So much better than Dead Island
,Recommended,239140,14495870,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mopar,10/10. Easy.
,Recommended,239140,15968511,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Whopper Jr.,is good
76561198210823940,Recommended,239140,14464160,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pingu,"Very good game, storyline is flawless and too many Side Quests that it's inhuman to complete them all. Overall wonderful game well worth the money, needs some serious Optimization here and there but good job. Deffinitely reccomended!"
76561198208349707,Recommended,239140,29130044,Posted: 8 January,all,Skruxz,Rocket League is my favoirte game but this game is peaking my intrest more and more.
76561197972263910,Recommended,239140,19006702,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,"Excellent zombie game. Especially enjoyable in co-op mode. Story is weak, but gameplay is strong.9 / 10."
,Recommended,239140,27287651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jack Nightshade,"Zombies, parkour, a vast amount of weaponry, an awesome map, and a great plot, make Dying Light one of the best zombie survival games I have ever played.From silently jumping across rooftops to avoid a fight, to throwing knives, bombs, and bullets at a horde of zombies chasing you down, this game has it all.With a great story and alot of side missions to complete, you wont suffer from a lack of things to do.However, the default controls felt a bit clunky but that was an easy fix.The ending left me wanting more as I felt that there was some lose ends to be tied.I won't spoil anything, but I will say that the ending was quite something.I highly recommend Dying Light to you and your friends.TL;DR: Great game. Lots of fun. PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,239140,23177177,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TeeLY,Very good game
,Recommended,239140,23175177,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,cseepe,"i've never been one to play zombie games, especially first person, blood-lettig gratuitous violence for it's own sake. This is the first game of this genre that I've played for more than an hour. It's everything you look for in a role playing game with a balance of classic zombies with a balanced pinch of super zombies.If you're more of a strategy-type (like me) the game becomes more fun when you can acquire or purchase a bow with various types of arrows. When you finally get the shot gun and police  assault rifle ... and then find a perch next to a safe house where you can take on the omnipotent night stalkers, it's very satisfying for a while. The different missions keep me coming back to what would otherwise be another slagfest. Excellent voice acting and some ingenious adventures and missions. There are a few that are downright frustrating because it takes so long to get to the objective, which then requires a bunch of jumps and acrobatics. One mistake or slip and you're back at the safe house starting all over again. There's no ability to save or at l;east have the game save part way through a difficult mission. But that's the game genre so I just gave up on those types of missions.I highly recommend this game for in general and RPG'ers, and strategy types may also find this game an interesting distraction. If you liked Batman, Arkham City, you'll find some familiar parallels. I particularly like the grappling hook use and the true 3D environment of this game."
,Recommended,239140,14203831,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Warlance,"I vaulted off a zombie's face into the air and goomba stomped another, who exploded and sent my entrails into orbit. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,19134560,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ArthY.G2A,"Zombieeeeeeee,mutaaaaaaaaants and cool parkour on the roofs.11 of 10"
76561198262938964,Recommended,239140,20869216,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,HS,"Positive: Good parkour, nice concept and zombies, uniqe weapon and constantly update, full of content and dlc,has a uniqe feel and finally awsome co op!!!!!!!!!!Negative: boring story,bad narration,full of cliche and character are predictable,people do thing that doesnt make much sense and finally some bug like frame rate drop and night hunter bug."
,Recommended,239140,22766983,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,KlostaN,"this game is game is good yes 7.1/2,2"
76561198117115863,Recommended,239140,22762259,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,iJO0D,Best game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 10/10
,Not Recommended,239140,14457931,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zadar,Not worth the price
76561198170392159,Recommended,239140,31595136,Posted: 6 May,all,China Town Mafia,xd
,Recommended,239140,26140131,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BossaNova,I love this game.  Best money I've spent in awhile.
76561198118784207,Recommended,239140,23979715,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,I'm So Sorry Loe,Yes
,Recommended,239140,31750444,Posted: 14 May,all,Ghost_Zero,THIS GAME IS HARD AS F@CK!!! YOU NEED A LOT OF PEOPLE TO PLAY THIS WITH
,Recommended,239140,21082773,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Trion@RandomSelectGaming,It takes an awful long time for the light to die.10/10 play with a friend9/10 solo
,Recommended,239140,19888344,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Wienerslinky,"First of all, great game. best of 2015. better than fallout 4 i think. now, my experience so far. First thing ive noticed, dangerous to go outside. first thing i had to do when i woke up, clear a freaking floor full of blood from zombies. ok, not hard, kinda scary in the beginning though. saved a guy and so forth. next thing i had to do, go outside, kill some zombies, turn on traps. ok, also not hard, but ofcourse, something goes wrong. i need to go to a power station to turn on the power. what do i do, i open some box and i hear some noise. Big ♥♥♥♥ING guy jumps out, screams at me like the hulk and smashes my♥♥♥♥♥with its rebar. no big deal, just changing underwear. died 3 times, phew, big guy dead. i sprint back to a safezone before it gets dark. phew, barely made it. blablabla, my character decides it's a good idea to get an airdrop himself. wtf crane. now, i get to the first drop and bad guys are already there. jade says :''dont fight them, go to the other drop''. first thing i do is fight the guys. i get rekt immediatly. ok, off to the next drop then. i run around the small town to find it and i finnaly find it. i open it and a great feel of relief goes through my body. ''finally, i did it''. what happens? overpowerd zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥with ♥♥♥♥ing ribs hanging ou of its chest and his under jaws separated, decides to jump infront of me. 2nd pair of underwear lost forever. i sprint back as fast as i can screaming my at the top of my lungs every second a guy hits me. 5 pairs of underwears later i arrive at the tower. ''it is dangerous to go outside'' NO ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥SHERLOCK! now, ive learned my lesson. i always keep a stack of fresh underwear near my pc whenever i play dying light. gr8 game m8 i r8 a solid 8/8 -''too much underwear lost forever'' IGN-"
76561198166699292,Recommended,239140,20456007,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,fen,100000000000000000000000/10 would drop kick again. This game is amazing I love it you can do a lot like drop kick which is like the best this in the game. It is a big open world game and I love open world games. It's full of adventure and slow motion drop kicks on be the zombie. You can be a zombie and invade peoples games and as a human you can slow motion drop kick the night hunter to the face. Best game NA.
76561198030771568,Recommended,239140,14519710,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TheNewblar,"I don't get why this game receives mixed reviews. As a 27 year old guy on a pretty decked on comp, I'm absolutely loving it. So much exploration, and different approaches to a wide array of scenarios you'll encounter. Sometimes I just log on to beat up some zombies and explore for a bit, collecting materials for future builds. Lots of fun equipment, and although I'm not very far into the story, I'm enjoying. I read it was shallow, but it seems good to me.Not sure what else I can say, if you're on the fence and enjoy a struggle, I'd recommend buying it."
,Recommended,239140,14739529,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,✪ got hops?,"Very great game.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when I fell to my f8 m8 I r8 8/420. dont h8 be gr8.Parkour- Got one hit by a zombie off Rais tower fell 4000 feet landed in a pile of garbage. I was at full health. Parkour= Fall to f8/8Combat- Got hit my a demolisher, flew into fire. Demolisher threw a rock at me, Flew off the tower and died. Combat= 10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,239140,32961667,Posted: 28 June,all,Greenaxe,Dying light is easily the best zombie game I have ever played and is overall one of the best experiences I have had with a game any time recently.
,Recommended,239140,32963288,Posted: 28 June,all,Franco,nutty
76561198169437667,Recommended,239140,32963257,Posted: 28 June,all,〖FX〗✔Zurr_Trippin✔,Pretty cool game
,Recommended,239140,22094667,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Riparu,"Very great game, the parkour is brilliant and I love how they took the zombie theme from Dead Island. They could have improved on the weapons and guns aspect but their still good, death is something that will happen if you do something too slowly or dont act fast enough, I myself died estimatedly around 50 to 200 times, I wasnt counting but I died too much.Other than absolute rage from dying very stupidly, this game is very great to play with a  friend, and the Be the zombie would be better if PEOPLE WERENT WUSSES and just turn on their IM NOT A WUS option XD, there are like no lobbies open because people think its a waste of time, but its really fun when you have friends to mess around with, very great game, I recommend it to everyone who loves parkour, zombies, or just the weapons, or even just the graphics. I give this game a 8/10. Btw death can be avoided by just exploring the area and not just falling to your doom like I did XD. I just am not good at games in general but at least I try."
,Recommended,239140,32964943,Posted: 28 June,all,ZoIsADuck,10/10 This game taught me how to make jam.
,Recommended,239140,18170412,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,BobTheBacon,Mirrors Edge + Dead Island = Dying Light10/10 would stay in at night again
,Recommended,239140,28704458,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Name,very fun game for co op
,Recommended,239140,22554538,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Brother Macharius,"Изучите механику игры и тогда получите море удовольствия. Она не так проста, как кажется!"
76561198099808580,Recommended,239140,22557366,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheBareFootBandit,Amazing but they are starting to release call of duty like skin packs
,Recommended,239140,30377193,Posted: 7 March,all,BlackIcePro[777Rus],"RUS(ENG IS DOWN HERE)Dying lightначинаем как обычно с +1) сюжет ( сюжет в игре очень интересный, от части веселый)2) графика( в этой игре она на выстое)3) паркур( кто его не любит в играх?)4)Разнообразие оружия ( в этой игре много разнообразного оружия от ножа до калаша)5) расчленения( не многие игры могут похвастаться этим)Перейдём к минусам1)оптимизация( она здесь прихрамывает)2)один персонаж на 4( ну для кооператива могли сделать и побольше персонажей, ну точно не 1)Это всё что я могу сказать про Dying light, в целом игра от разработчиков DEAD ISLAND получилась очень не плохойи заслуживает твердые 7.8/10, если вам не в чего поиграть с друзьями, смело берите эту игру! GOOD LUCK AND GOOD NIGHT!ENGDying lightstarted as usual with +1) the plot ( the plot of the game is very interesting, part of the fun)2) graphics( this game she westoe)3) parkour( who doesn't love games?)4)a Variety of weapons ( in this game, many different weapons from a knife to the Kalash)5) dismemberment( not many games can boast this)Move to the downside1)optimization( here GIMP)2)one character for 4( well for co-op could do more characters, not 1)That's all I can say about Dying light in the whole game from the developers of DEAD ISLAND turned out very not badand deserves a solid 7.8/10 if you don't play with your friends, feel free to take this game! GOOD LUCK AND GOOD NIGHT!"
,Recommended,239140,27588032,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DerpyNerpy,"- Starts game- Plays first mission.- Never sees the moon untill halfway through the game- gets stuck on barrel- HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥DOES THAT GUY NOT HAVE SKIN!?!?!?- Gets used to night hunters- Finishes game- (You are being invaded)- Is confused- Gets tentical♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Spawns by a flare far, far away from death location- Kills octopus- Hits octopus babies- After defeating space octopus brags about killing its babies- gets killed by night hunters after space octopus leaves- stops plaing game- Writes a reveiw- Recomends the game- Wonders if he is going to play it again in the forseen future- Nominates it for a WAOH DUDE award- You should nominate it too- I played the game for 500+ hours"
,Recommended,239140,19244142,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ginsan21,This is game is really fun playing alone and with a friend . The park our is really well done and exploring the map is fun.The mayor boss fight are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t basiclly they are 40% far cry 3 boss figths and 70% worrying about zombies attacking you.The campaing is as predictable as they come. I rated 6/10 alone  and 7/10 with a friend.
76561198062280277,Recommended,239140,18222709,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SilentSpencer,"When it comes to survival, Dying Light really gets to edge of it. Lots  kinds of weapons which can be found, bought, earned and eventually used to kill different kinds of zombies. The game shows some really brutal zombie death animations which is kind of fun to see over and over again. The story isnt short like i'd except from a survival game and which was intresting, I wish there was more after that ending. One thing that could be nice would be actually improving the safe houses and ""bases"" which you can secure. For example, hiring merceneries, making the bases weak while zombies trying to get inside and then upgrading it so it's harder for them, that would be really cool, I loved the game and if there's going to be a second one, except from the DLC's I would totally play it."
,Recommended,239140,18230897,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Beric Dondarrion,"Highly underrated.The story may not be the best, but it's good enough to keep you going, and the parkour works like a dream. Not to mention the load of badass weapons and skills you can acquire."
,Recommended,239140,22462157,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,grandwizard,"graphics are seriously the best in any game i have ever played.also the best parkour any game has ever hadnot only do you get one huge open map, but you get two and the second one is so much bettercrafting is really cool and helpfullooting random buildings is actually fun for oncenight time is a great feature also8/10"
,Recommended,239140,17301165,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Doggo of Philosophy,I havent played much but for some reason there is ALOT of missing textures and invisible things. most people and all zombies are invisible part from thier mouths...pls fix/help
76561198155051347,Recommended,239140,17758474,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Simple Rick,Two Thumbs up
76561198207642528,Recommended,239140,17923229,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Turbonic22,"This is one of the best games I've ever played.  It combines open world with zombies, and you can't get much better than that.  The sheer amount of gameplay is incredible and it's even more fun to play with other people.  My system runs it great and I haven't experianced any bugs while playing.  In conclusion, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great open world game with lots of gameplay and also to anyone who loves zombies (Dying Light has some of the best looking zombies)!"
76561198119765231,Recommended,239140,17570380,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,finna nut,This is an amazing game and i think it changes the whole zombie genre. This is a good game for people who like to get their blood rushing. 8/8 m8
76561198054476291,Recommended,239140,17214400,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mr Skeltal,Techland got its♥♥♥♥♥♥together and made a really good zombie game.
76561198129905320,Recommended,239140,19881381,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Pancakes,one of  the best game i played !
,Not Recommended,239140,21765711,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,acrodinc,"This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ there 10,0000000000000 zombies and one of you there is armed guards that have super human power and they have guns and ninja stars and all you get is a pile of shoe string to craft a wepon that  gives no power to fight. so if you want to play that will make you mad then this is the game other than that i would not get it maybe instead of trying so cool and edgy the creators should stick to character and wepons development not over kill"
,Recommended,239140,31348988,Posted: 24 April,all,Firraveus,"Amazing game. You can easily notice Techland did an amazing job on both the main game and The Following (DLC) with good single and multiplayer!Pros: Good music, very nice level design, a long game, great DLC story, intense multiplayer, fun combat, kinda GTA police wanted system for the nights (except it's zombies!)Cons: Main game story is not perfect but decent, you lose XP when you die, too few variations of enemiesA 8/10, if main game story was better it could've been a 9/10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,239140,31331400,Posted: 23 April,all,Baws,The story tries so hard to be Far Cry 3 but overall game is really fun
76561198009171124,Recommended,239140,31350309,Posted: 24 April,all,Brynjar,"The best Zombie game ever, played through the game multiple times and the DLC as well. I've played well over 300 hours on this, despite what Steam tells me. (Apparently not having internet denies the time tracking)"
,Recommended,239140,31331469,Posted: 23 April,all,coltonvon,"8/ 10be the zombie gameplay unbalanced and not enough upgrades for guns. but over all it's awesome. coop is a blast.parkour system is spot on, graphics are solid.definitely get it."
76561198040145654,Recommended,239140,31342596,Posted: 24 April,all,selwro,"Easily the best game I've played in the last 10 years. I've just played it through yet again!When I first played it, and was caught outside as night fell for the first time... it scared the hell out of me.Beautifully crafted and free running is immensely satisfiying.Highly recommended."
76561198153228348,Recommended,239140,31349588,Posted: 24 April,all,dying light man,good game :)
,Recommended,239140,30517858,Posted: 14 March,all,Gaming Muskateer,"Just buy it, very good"
,Recommended,239140,14239290,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ڸackRabbit™,"I get a lot of frame rate issues with this game because my computer's processor is just SLIGHTLY off the recommended.Mine: AMD FX 8300Recommended: AMD FX 8320It does kind of annoy me that a lot of games nowadays require such high class computers in order to run (aka ones that cost over a thousand dollars. Not even exaggerating.)I played around with the settings for a while and managed to make it so that FPS isn't that big of an issue but it can be. Once I got past that, I really enjoyed the game!Pros:+Great story (so far as I have not finished it)+Intense gameplay especially at night+Parkour is actually really smooth+Fun with coop+So many things to do in it (almost feels like the GTA V but with zombies and parkour)Cons-As said, the game has a lot of frame rate issues for me (Could be fixed in future updates)-Does seem a little too slow paced at times.-At a higher volume, the game's sound can sometimes cause headaches.-Takes a lot of figuring out. A lot more than with Dead Island (could be considered a pro by some)Final thoughts:This game is incredibly fun and it is almost everything I had hoped for when I first saw the trailer for it almost a year ago. It is most definitly a step up from Dead Island by Techland. Hopefully in future updates, Techland finds even more ways to make this game absolutly amazing.Score: 9/10"
76561198132709296,Recommended,239140,31353626,Posted: 25 April,all,Redeemer,A graet game get it even if it on full price 5 STARS!
,Not Recommended,239140,19852934,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[Jokeeece]Nightmare,The seasons pass cost more than the game right now. The ♥♥♥♥.
76561197992655552,Recommended,239140,31385024,Posted: 26 April,all,︻芫═── Billboard Billy,I HAVE THE GAME I GOT IT WHEN  IT WAS 60 DOLLERS WHEN IT WAS REALEASED AND NOW I WAN T TO BUY IT FOR A FRIEND AND 4 YEARS LATER ITS STILL $60 WTF. Stil an amazing game tho and you should get it during a sale it is the best
76561198090640755,Recommended,239140,31400120,Posted: 27 April,all,「Ocean Man」,"The story is rather boring but serves its purpose. On the other hand, the gameplay is some of the best I've experienced in an open world game. Deep combat, non intrusive crafting, and pretty good Ai makes every encounter interesting. It can get tedious towards the end but I'd still recommend it."
76561198068823797,Recommended,239140,22924938,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Dijete iz pastete,Great game zombie game would recommend it.Day time: just regular running around looting and killing zombies.Night time: you get skill points faster but volatiles are trying to murder you.10/10 would try to outrun them again.
76561197978907114,Recommended,239140,32325938,Posted: 10 June,all,JrSpaceMan,Best zombie survival so far.  Not perfect but a triumph if you have the gfx card to realize it's full potential.  Beautiful game!  1080ti @4k ultra is amazing.
,Recommended,239140,32403195,Posted: 13 June,all,Deejay Bluejay,"Great zombie game, worth the money :)"
,Recommended,239140,16571604,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SherkHA,"First off I have to mention that I did actually like Dead Island, I know it wasn't the best but it was pretty fun for when I was bored...But this game is 1000000x better, like woooow... It's like if Far Cry, Mirror's Edge, and Dead Island(the good features) had a long, nasty, and eventful threesome and ended up with this epic game. Although it does have a few bugs, but lets be fair, all games have their fair share of bugs.11/10 would definitely reccommend this to a friend and even a stranger :D"
,Recommended,239140,22221508,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ADMIRAL WISDOM,this game is amazing also the graphic is very good.
,Recommended,239140,22289281,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ｒｅｎｅｇａｄｅ,only problem is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t way of them trying to get money by updating it and calling it a new game
76561198041890160,Recommended,239140,22223540,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Akula,+GraphicsGameplayCraftingAwsome world to exploreTHe agressive nature of zombies when night fallsOne of the coolest fps games I have played. I will be back again-....
,Not Recommended,239140,29099441,Posted: 7 January,all,Jurnny,"This only goes for The Following!Dying Light was extremely fun and I had a blast playing it through with a friend. But i felt like The Following really pressured me into playing with friends 24/7. The Following took the whole aspect of parkour and replaced it with driving, and there's only a couple places to parkour in the whole map. It's a huge map and requires a lot of driving which can be fun, but also very boring and repetitive. Also the story line is mainly made up of doing side quests 60% + through the story. It took away from the zombie plague and made The Following all about a religion and really wasn't that enjoyable to play as much. My friend and I felt like they mainly focused on building the religions background, rather than the plagues and etc. All in all, Dying Light was SUPER fun and extremely enjoyable, but The Following was horrible. 4/10 for the weapons and new bosses, etc."
,Recommended,239140,29056466,Posted: 6 January,all,buehue,"Pros:- Free-running feels very smooth and fun.- Combat feels very satisfying.- Fair crafting system and fixing weapons mechanics (though it is annoying).- Encourages players to explore. There are lots of hidden secrets and loots to collect.- Great verticality of the map.Cons:- The villian personality is pretty weak. He looks and sounds like another Vaas wanna-be villian.- Frustration inducing death penalty.- Maybe a bit abvious and weak story telling, but we know that's probably not the reason to play this game.Good game overall but it's not perfect. 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,26281428,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Senpai,I really like this game great graphics great gameplay
,Recommended,239140,14775928,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Neko Ragafraga,the best zombie game i have played in a long time-the way that they have zombies join at night is great and fun-the outfits that you wear-the story i am one of those guys who always likes to play co op and most of the time that kills the game but not this one-the leveling sestem kicks the outher zombie games this company makes-and well good night good luck-buy it-do it now buy it
,Recommended,239140,27786731,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Goblin,Eh. its pretty good
76561198128462589,Recommended,239140,25892775,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Moose,Played this game multiple times through on PC and PS4. Never got boring.
,Recommended,239140,25892796,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bionic,Amazing Game Worth Buying
76561198155070717,Recommended,239140,25640389,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SAUCY BOI,itz gud
,Recommended,239140,21948004,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,cslashrocks,Pros: EverythingCons: i cut off a zombies boob (weird)
,Recommended,239140,27158180,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joseph V. Stalin,Nice
76561198031541601,Recommended,239140,14217537,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Eltoro,I used to enjoy sunsets. Now I dread them.
76561198081745631,Recommended,239140,29590398,Posted: 30 January,all,Artyom,Just....yes!
,Recommended,239140,29595017,Posted: 30 January,all,FAT,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game but why is it still full price and why cant i buy just the base game. i just want everyone to be able to play this game so it sucks that it is still full price
,Recommended,239140,29593922,Posted: 30 January,all,"Hello, food?",Bozak is a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,22530523,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,FacepalmRunner,It's been a long time that I can feel so right when playing a game. This game definitely worth a buy.
,Recommended,239140,19346771,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ExtraLargeMedium,Guy in the tower:What do you get from a zombie in winter?- I don't know man- Frostbite.10/10
76561198050086891,Recommended,239140,14489547,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Banpally,"To All The people who hate on this game and say that it is bad with no real evidence, your full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because this is truely one the absolute best zombie games out right now. and saying this for this game genre means a whole lot because the whole zombie game FAD has just kept growing. this game is very well pollished with minimal bugs. if your looking for a zombie game that you will find yourself playing at 4 in the morning on a tuesday. then buy this game."
,Recommended,239140,14234669,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Lord Osiris,"Best loading screen simulator ever!Great music to go along with the loading experience!When the loading is over you get to play the entire game in bullet time where everything, including you, move at half speed!"
,Recommended,239140,20361135,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,This is the best assassins creed game of 2015.
76561198010602611,Recommended,239140,33819128,Posted: 26 July,all,LakeSide,I had a blast with this game. Highly recomended.
,Recommended,239140,14191671,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Fruity,Extremely fun zombie game. The Parkour is amazing as well. Have had little to no performance issues ... and this story is amazing. Great Game! Worth a purchase!
76561198082260825,Recommended,239140,14191721,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BlackwidowZ93,Game is awesome..Bear in mind keep textures on medium. But put everything else on high. Keep field of view halfway. Its a pretty bad port. I hope they fix this. But 8/10. It was expected. First day release.
,Recommended,239140,14191121,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LeafyIsHere,://ERROR
,Recommended,239140,14191159,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DJ Salajutsu - The Salamander,"Awesome.  Simply brilliant.  The atmosphere and the difficulty.  The night time, ohhohooohohhhhh....scary!Aside from wishing for a ""Rust-like"" survival, with tons of people online, this could easily be game of the year."
76561198196500371,Recommended,239140,25701543,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MileHighGaming,amazing game but a little laggy
,Recommended,239140,25981558,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Freestyle,"Never knew parkouring around avoiding zombies and slowly getting strong enough to kill them would be this much funatfirst couldnt even take on a single zombie but as u learn the game, it becomes easier yet still remains a challenging experience :)"
76561198078830918,Recommended,239140,17737150,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sheisty Individual,"its...barely ok, only worth 1 playthrough.take a little bit of this game, that other game, this one right here why not,put it together,charge it 60€release unfinishedcount your money,flip th bird at costumersdead island all over again, sam emechanics, same quest, fetch, fetch , good doggiewho's a good doggie? you's a good doggiiedidnt feel like i had to fear for my life on that zombie infested city apart from night time, that was a cool feeling, i give em that.but it gets old too quick and towards th eend, I was the hunter, the zombies weren't, they were fragile little carpets for me to step on."
,Recommended,239140,17752536,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Forrest,"-During the day: Slice here, dropkick there, kill some zombies then jump there..-At night: Gods willing that I get to see daylight again*Enters a room*Coffee here, coffee on the counter, coffee in a chest, in a basket, and in the fridge. Oh, and coffee on zombies.Amazing game. Plenty of zombies and plenty of freedom. Decent graphics.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,17742157,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,King Quagaar,"Like Dead Island but better. Way better. Looks great. Plays great. I recommend this to anyone who likes zombies, freerunning, open world games."
76561198065742351,Recommended,239140,33903418,Posted: 30 July,all,Королева Maria Thiccesa,"Poor Story but near perfect survival gameplay with weapon upgrades, looting, skills and well made parkour mechanics."
76561198332235729,Recommended,239140,33913277,Posted: 30 July,all,BORK OVERDRIVE,Playing as Hunter is great... *manly tears*
,Recommended,239140,28573026,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hobo Battleaxe Man,"Mirror's Edge meets Dead Island.......You know, if Dead Ilsand was good"
,Recommended,239140,19577746,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,FartGoblin,Strangled a child and cut a guy's hand off10/10
,Recommended,239140,22093666,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GamerGuyRye419,Love this game! Love the hunter! HATE the crashes!
,Recommended,239140,14397642,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mishka,"Ok So basically, Ima give you a basic rundown of what I understood and what the game's about.>didn't care much for the story as many say it's cliche>Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s drop you into like Russia/Africa country thing>Get found by some poor♥♥♥♥ living in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ apartment place with elevators that have swinging doors>some rich♥♥♥♥ are living in another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ apartment place with guns and antidotes and♥♥♥♥♥♥>To get the antidotes for the poor♥♥♥♥, gotta help the rich♥♥♥♥>fix some♥♥♥♥♥♥for said rich♥♥♥♥>2hourslater.jpg>Come back with less antidotes because Richie Richfag, CEO of rich♥♥♥♥ inc. ♥♥♥♥s you over>more lame missions>dropkick some zombies off of rooftops>Go to some less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ place called sector 0 A.K.A. City scape thing, (better parkour tbh bb)>Level up your♥♥♥♥♥♥ maybe get a grappling hook that you'll never use>get Guns and ammo>♥♥♥♥DaPolice.png>Shoot up rich♥♥♥♥ while looking for some scientist♥♥♥♥♥>OutMyWayDickNuggets.psd>Plow through some more missions>Spaghetti falls out of my pocket>Have some seizures on the way to killing Richie Richfag>Some main hoe dies while getting some radio♥♥♥♥♥♥>Kill Richie Richfag's brother Dickie Richfag>BloodOfMyEnemies.jpg>level up more>do some side quests fo da cash>asshatmc♥♥♥♥♥♥buns goes back to big tower thing>go to tower>epic parkour montage activate>sosweetbro.png>Finally get to top>♥♥♥♥♥♥ QTE (quick time event) final battle>Find hard drive with cure for zombie aids>tells the Global Relations people to ♥♥♥♥ off>EndStory.JesusChrist>go back to exploring and doing sidemissions after winning game>Continue Dropkicking zombies so hard off a building, that they cause nuclear catastrophes.Well, 10/10 would recommend for the sik muntaj's m8, and also the dropkicks,or just thrusting zombies off of buildings."
76561198072646316,Recommended,239140,15886027,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BlaZeon,good night and good luck
,Recommended,239140,15891098,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,husky/hellcase.com,Best game ever made :)
76561198063835032,Recommended,239140,15922837,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MaxWalkerGM,"Let's just be totally honest and admit that this is the game that everyone was expecting the first Dead Island to be. Let's just leave it at that, and let this game sell itself from there"
,Recommended,239140,15929858,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bunny Brewster,"Ridiculously great.  My only gripe though is that there are bricks all over but I can't pick them up to throw at zombies.  Seriously?   If I could pick up bricks to hurl at zombies, this game would be 100% even more better."
76561198006303452,Recommended,239140,17160486,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Sebcain,Awesome awesome game...just need my buddy to buy it so we can play together..
,Recommended,239140,15908930,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Timbob,Amazing!
,Recommended,239140,20242196,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TripZ,"i would recommend this game to everyone that likes parkour, first person shooters plus love to kill zombes!"
76561198145909582,Recommended,239140,14727398,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,G Horse,"Forget every zombie game you have ever played because this is the oneGreat graphicsAmazing relistic statisticsFunAddictiveAmazing to play with friendsFunHours of Story and side missions and will take at least 10,000 playing hours to compleate every story side and helping mission (looking forward to those 10,000 hours)and finally FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!I definately reccomend this game and anyone who doesnt is lyingBUT theres a but. It needs alot of bug fixes and i mean alot. Alot of the areas i go into the walls glitch out or there is a zombie in a car but it just makes the game more funny with friendsI STILL LOVE IT EVEN IF YOU GET KILLED BY A ZOMBIE TRYING TO DRIVE A CAR. Plus its one of the only games that call them zombies and not walkers or biters but the bad guys call them biters but the bad guys are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You have some money and dont know what to do with it... answer?! Dying Light'HORRAY FOR GAZI' you will get that when you play"
,Recommended,239140,34554801,Posted: 28 August,all,Rashik,Lit
,Recommended,239140,25223484,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lex Luthor,"It's good. Sean play it with me again, you little♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198029586013,Recommended,239140,21070760,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,AshleyDrew,its like dead island patched to fix ya car its the 9th the time is 6:03pm brisbane au wheres the following says is already in your steam library but its not there nor is a update to the following guess ill just keep waiting since 1am to smarning
76561198079318767,Recommended,239140,34569576,Posted: 28 August,all,Geralt the Great,is good game
76561198290170413,Recommended,239140,32584962,Posted: 19 June,all,XD Lithuania,10/10
76561198059922417,Recommended,239140,14200814,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,doogie,"This game seems really cool and is very complete its also very addicting but, there is major lag issues and the audio is really buggy and gets really messed up once in a while. I really hope they patch some of this soon i have seen other nvidia users having lag to. And aparently the amd users get about 20 frames:/.i5 3570k 4.2 ghz overclockNvidia GTX 670asrock motherboardsamsung evo ssdsteel series siberia v2"
76561198123998574,Recommended,239140,15940815,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ace 63,Brilliant game !!!!
,Recommended,239140,27643415,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,99%,Nice
76561198076216819,Recommended,239140,21118875,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Pavel,"open world, well balanced, decent mod support, story gets hammy, but the movement is next to none"
76561197970872000,Recommended,239140,21780727,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,EVILu81,Great game!  well worth the money
76561198066233738,Recommended,239140,21782511,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,aurumenk2,"This game itself is fantastic but I can't get the damn thing past the first loading screen.  I a using a four gig Geforce970 strix OC, four gigs of ram and a 3.0 dual core.  Won't run just crashes."
76561198124725750,Recommended,239140,22113472,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ow3nM4842,I Love it!!!
76561198032121175,Recommended,239140,19590038,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Id0ntkn0w?!,Amazing game......i hate that jade dies :( WHY???!!
,Recommended,239140,22461224,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,00DumbDumb,The game was already great. The patch by the devs was icing on the cake.
,Recommended,239140,21786559,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Nyan dog: Hellcase.com,Very fun game!
76561197975312920,Recommended,239140,21799063,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,garfie2000,"Amazing!  Some of the enhancments are subtle, others are ""Whoa!""Love bows for silent range kills.And on my 144hz monitor, mmm, butter smooth!"
,Recommended,239140,22473561,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,dangerous grampy,I looked down and could see my legs.10/10
,Recommended,239140,22463458,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sonofamotherfugga!,This game is amazing because you become a postpocalyptic spideramn !
,Recommended,239140,22099101,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ser Jijon_Jang,Do you want to be a Parkour Master and at the same time kill a Zombie with the Boot of merica...Then this is the game for you 9/10
,Recommended,239140,32471422,Posted: 16 June,all,Jorge J. Sainz C.,Muy bien realizado
,Recommended,239140,21142887,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Blerbelderbel,"For anyone who loves a FPS with realistic fighting mechanics and hack and slash gameplay, look no further. When I first bought this game, it looked like the average zombie apocalypse game. When I started to play I noticed how much more there really was to this game and all it had to offer. The newest expansion The Following is a prime example of how well developed this game really is and how well the game developers have done to make the gamers' experiences even greater. They gave you stronger zombies to fight against, an ENORMOUS new map to play in, a vehicle in which you can fully customize to your liking, and a bunch of patches and graphic optimizations that also would help boost framerate. All for FREE if you already bought it before the last patch was released. If this doesn't scream quality gaming, I don't know what does. If I had to rate this I'd give it a solid 9/10, one of the best games I think I've ever played. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,239140,22131932,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Nimrod,"Dying Light adds exactly what Dead Island was lacking: Parkour. Some areas focus on letting you move around vertically which is great, and otherwise using your parkouring skills to move fast from point to point is a nice change.You'll be fighting a lot of human enemies as well as zombies, which I didn't mind. There's a decent weapon variety but the top tier weapons weren't all too impressive.The story makes this game a lot more interesting than just a zombie survival type of game, though. It kept me playing through to the end.Special zombies and extra scary stuff happening at nighttime is a great challenge if you're up for it. Another thing I like better than in Dead Island.Also, the PC port is solid; it looks and plays great. If you can get it for less than full price, or for full with the expansion, it's well worth picking up."
,Recommended,239140,20733456,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Nova King,Great game
76561198015625569,Recommended,239140,21143642,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Toyz,Everything i wished Dead Island could be.
,Recommended,239140,14733171,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Anime <3<3,"i would recomend the game to have more music and more update in the game, but i would still recomend people to play this game it is very adictive and fun to play but it does need some update in the gameboring after finish story"
76561198020223493,Recommended,239140,25373702,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SuperTrash☹,"This game is loads of fun, Literally go on killing sprees or just ♥♥♥♥in play the story. Great graphics too"
,Recommended,239140,26329448,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dr. Steel,99% of zombie games are utter garbage.Dying Light falls into the 1% of zombie games that is rightfully amazing.
,Recommended,239140,29103998,Posted: 7 January,all,MeowW,"Without mods this game is nothing,♥♥♥♥ing Love both stories and gameplay is INSANE!!!!But the stories are to fast."
76561198060116436,Recommended,239140,14193890,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SouthPaw,"Very good game, graphics look phenomenal, and expansiveness is massive. However there's a few things they could fix, as far as I'm concerned:- IMPACT WHEN FALLING. This was a huge disappointment for me, and always will be until they polish it up. When jumping from a high height and landing on something that absorbs your impact (garbage, bodies, cars, etc.), you literally land flat on your feet, and it looks terrible. When I jump from a 5-story roof into a dumpster, I expect my character's legs to bend to absorb impact, or even roll if the fall is high enough. Perfect example of this is FarCry 4, they got the fall impact down perfectly. Fix this, and the game is almost perfect.- Depth of Field. The DoF is a bit off, mainly when kicking. When you are directly facing a wall and kick it, your leg extends out fully, making it look kind of silly.As far as I can tell now, the game looks pretty good. Hoping the community grows so they add more stuff!! :)"
,Recommended,239140,14194764,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BBoy Kelvin,"The very first few hours of the game looked really promising. It got all the elements I love, zombies, parkour, nice graphics and a bit of an RPG sense like in Dead Island. Although I've played very little so that I can't tell whether how would the mid-late game would feel like. I'm afraid I'd be repetitive like the original Assassin's Creed, though I didn't feel that bored. Anyway I still keep my fingers crossed and hope it'll keep delivering its real fun when I got more skills and can do more things."
76561198047995547,Recommended,239140,14194954,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hypno Goat,Started the game and saw my character in the menus....10/10
76561198085704394,Recommended,239140,14196322,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BostonBrawler,I have an FX-6300 and an R7 260x and 32gb of ram. My CPU and GPU are far below the minimum specs and I get 50fps on medium. The game looks and plays great and is somewhat similar to Dead Island but still much different. The vertical and sense aspects alone make it stand out. I can really recommend this game to anyone.
76561197962158216,Recommended,239140,14196721,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Trenix,"Played for some 7 hours with friends, just after spending 15 minutes in game I knew the money was worth it. Amazing graphics, fluid, haven't experienced any crashes or freezes! Some seriously intense moments during night time, interesting conversations with NPCs and so far a good story, only progressed some 13% of the story line, which is awesome!"
,Recommended,239140,14202858,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Andrew,No Regret on getting this game! 10/10!
,Recommended,239140,33532454,Posted: 14 July,all,Exodus,Really good game. I have nothing negative to say. Great game with friends.
,Recommended,239140,33532330,Posted: 14 July,all,[ZSU]Beyond_Help,Died when my friend thought it would be funny to shoot the propane tank i was holding!10/10 would explode again
,Recommended,239140,14195951,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dixon B. Tweenerlegs,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!
76561198072775912,Recommended,239140,33532932,Posted: 14 July,all,Zachariel,AWESOME! Totally worth every cent. Get it. It's awesome
,Recommended,239140,14196202,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mitsukie Darkwood,"At first when I was seeing thing about this game i was felt like this was just going to be another zombie survival game like that of Dead Island with a little bit of parkor. I was so wrong though. This game has zombie style of Dead Island mix with Mirror's Edge. To stay alive you need to be ever moving as well as aware of your surrondings as everything can be used to your advantage as well as disadvantage.In this game you have 3 different skill sets you get to level up giving you the ability to run better (agility tree), use power attacks (Power Tree) as well as craft better and more items (Survival Tree). With these trees as well as a crafting system it has a nice RPG factor to the game as well.For those looking into the Co-op play it is just like that of Dead Island whereas you don't have to be on the same part to play with a friend. Along with that you are given the abilty to actviate special 'race' style side missions where you are given a set amount of time to do something, for example who can get to the air drop the fastest or who can kill the most zombies in a set amount of time. Along with that the loot is not shared and each person can uptain different gear and items from a given 'chest'.With the free DLC ""Play the Zombie' I have not yet had the ability to really jump into that portion of the game, but what I was able to do in the ""how to be a zombie"" was great. Best way to try and explain what it is you are is a special zombie that has the abilites of that of the Hunter from Left for Dead with some special perks. However since I have no played to much of this style i can't go into how it actaully fairs when playing agianst other players and not just he NPC's that you can practice against.Over all I would give this game a 8/10 in the fact that it does have some aspects of the game that feels like it was just borrowed from other games, but the way the blend them in all is great. It is highly enjoyable in the co-cop side of the game where all are surivors, but it is a little upsetting that all the players look the same. Since I have already recommend this game to a couple of friends I do recommend getting this game as I can already see much replay value as you can try to play the game different ways as well as fun to mess with friends."
,Recommended,239140,14192304,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jackal326™,"Jumped off a roof and broke both of my legs, then got eaten alive by a zombie.9/10 would render myself a tenderised meal again."
76561198121994986,Recommended,239140,14193843,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,*Ableton Live,"first impressions:very fluid movement and top notch graphics. plays very watch dogs and far cry-ish, almost seethes ubisoft at some places.in fact during the tutorial someone even mentions ""radioing rahim"" lol.  it does seem pretty well put together and well designed so my initial recommendation is YES."
76561198034938642,Recommended,239140,22318840,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,tatoler38,"I do not know why this game is not more popular. It's like Left for Dead meets Far Cry, sort of. Very well done. Great visuals good combat, cool weapons and unique gameplay. If you like FPS, zombies or open world games get Dying Light now and thank me later."
76561198209272808,Recommended,239140,19952014,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,EXPLOIT,"This is game is a really fun zombies game that involves parkour, awesome weapons, and variety of quests."
76561198163271212,Recommended,239140,19951139,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SlimeyFootCheese,BRUH.AMAZING.10/10 would play again.
76561198084529762,Recommended,239140,14299643,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,LuckySl7vin,"SHORT VERSIONGraphics: 10/10 (makes you wanna♥♥♥♥♥Soundtrack: 9/10 (music is great at night-- a little repetetive sometimes)Combat: 8/10 (combat is fun but can be frustrating at higher levels)Story: 8/10 (story is good, if not somewhat predictable)General Gameplay: 9/10 (free running system is fluid and seamless)Overall:  9/10  (Buy this game or kill yourself for being a stingy son of a ♥♥♥♥♥)TLDR VERSIONIf you don't own this game, the question is ""why?""  Dying Light is, in my humble opinion, the best game to come out since Skyrim-- yes, it's really that good.  The game is as smooth and polished as Bill Clinton's knob in the oval office-- and your experience as a gamer is extrodinary as a result.  If I had to describe DL based on other games I would say that it is a cross between Skyrim (open world RPG), Mirror's Edge (parkour), and Dead Island (zombie theme and crafting).  That's not the impressive part about this title, however... the impressive part is how well DL incorporates elements from all of those things and yet brings the player a completely unique and passionately crafted experience.First of all, everything is amazingly smooth in terms of how the player engages within the envrironment.  The simple act of running across the city is a delightful experience as buildings fly past, you carefully jumping and running across the rooftops, then ducking down onto the street level, bashing a zombie or two in your way then seamlessly returning above the streets... it is amazing how fluid this system is and how good it feels.  Traversing from street level, to inside buildings, to rooftop level is nearly effortless and gives the player a deep sense of immersion.The gameplay in general is top tier-- the entire world feels accessible to the player because of the parkour system and the sheer number of buildings that can be traveled through.  The dev team really did an incredible job in creating a very accessible and seemingly limitless environment.  The combat is excellent, albeit extremely difficult in upper levels as the zombies become stronger, faster, and much more agressive.  Reaching higher levels (or being out at night) will bring out new zombies called ""volitales"" that will ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥up faster than you can say ""♥♥♥♥! my weapon just broke!""  This adds a lot of difficulty to the game as it becomes treacherous even in daylight to conduct prolonged engagements with zombies as they tend to become hordes rather quickly.  Some volitales like the bloaters will kill you with one attack if they get to close-- so the game becomes quite a lot harder in terms of combat later on.The biggest negative (in my opinion) to the title is the lack of crafting options as well as the scarcity of firearms.  I understand that the devs wanted this post-apocalyptic world to consist mostly of melee combat as did Dead Island, but the lack of blueprints easily available leaves the player with essentially the same options over and over again.  You can basically add fire, electricity, bleeding, freezing, or toxcicity to your melee weapons in three different amounts (light, medium, or heavy charges).  The game distinguishes between two-handed and one-handed weapons, as well as blades vs. blunt vs. throwing, but even with all those options the crafting doesn't seem nearly as progressive as the previous Dead Island titles.  This was the only truly dissapointing feature for me, and one I hope the Devs correct moving forward.  As far as the scarcity of firearms, I understand what the devs were trying to do, but at the end of the day people want to kill zombies and having access to an array of customizable and rediculous firearms would be a delight to most gamers out there.  Just sayin.Overall Dying LIght is an experience you cannot afford to miss-- especially the 4 player co-op which is fully integrated into the game (meaning you can play the entire story and all side missions in co-op.)  Buy it-- and get your friends to buy it too.  It is, without a doubt, an excellent title and well worth the money."
,Recommended,239140,14316190,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,☕ineedsleepsheep☕,tncxfj
,Recommended,239140,30831262,Posted: 30 March,all,Sir_Perkele,"Game runs very stable and smooth, graphics looks great and game is overall much fun to play.  Zombies are relentless they keep coming at you and they never rest.  Night time can be seriously scary."
,Recommended,239140,14299004,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,✪ b a z e,"Do you recommend this game? Yes, I f***ing do! All info that is written in the description is true. Parkour all around, kill dat zombies ( DONT TOUCH BABY ), play with friends and be the f***ing zombie! How awesome it is?P.S. Died from breaking my leg, when jumping at the height of 2 metres. 11/10.P.P.S. Died from a lock-pick item. 12/10."
76561198005754517,Recommended,239140,14302216,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,1NSID3R0TTEN,"Definitely buy this game! the game has everything! survival, looting, zombeehs!! (different kinds!), different variety of sidequests and main quests+ challenges!, explosions, different kind of traps, MORE EXPLOSIONS!, blood and guts!, BLOOD EVERYWHERE, DID I MENTION BLOOD AND GUTS!!!??? BUY IT NOW OR YOU WILL REGRET IT YOUR WHOLE LIFE U MISERABLE MAGGOT!!!"
76561198034170954,Recommended,239140,14215875,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Swimmer,THEY CALL ME SNAKE..... IF NOBODY GETS THIS THEY REALLY NEED TO GO WATCH (escape from Newyork/escape from LA ) its an older movie from the 90s and possably in my mind a big influance for this game now im not saying its the same thing in some of the situations you go thru it feels as if your in the movie. And the music is realllly close to has that somber 70s synth that to me almst feels like they ripped it out of the heart of those old movies and put it into this game. Now besides that im an AMD graphics card user and yes once in a bit i get framedrops but its bearable only thing i can guage the game on is if you can run farcry 3 (if you have played it on pc) you can play this game. Don let all the neg comments fool you its a shot in th dark and for me it was WORTH every minute every penny.
76561198003347110,Recommended,239140,32394441,Posted: 13 June,all,wolfgrampy,"ill give a a review and maybe you (steam) will respond to it as i can not contact anyone there. I have been a great customer and have had only 1 issue with this game. It is the first edition i bought on disk and because i did i can not update and purchase the enhanced, the following edition from steam, though i have tried many times. wolfgrampy @ frustrated{LINK REMOVED}...com!!!!It is not in my library only the original game is but your system can't differentiate this fact!  please fix my account"
76561198201597397,Recommended,239140,33573592,Posted: 15 July,all,Jesss,is a good game
,Recommended,239140,18816070,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Carl Wheezers Curly Nut Hair,Great game fun to play. Lots of content
,Recommended,239140,14658392,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jittlelames,"IM MOTHA♥♥♥♥INGSPOODERMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Yo, if you like being a ♥♥♥♥in spiderman zombie killing ♥♥♥♥♥ kicking mother ♥♥♥♥er, then this is your game."
76561198146217560,Recommended,239140,14221900,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,clethby,"one of the only games the past few years that turns out to be exactly what they advertised, no more no less.a few launch problems but the game itself i give 10/10stop buying call of duty and buy something new for once."
,Recommended,239140,21669442,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,HappyThoughts,"This game isn't bad at all as other people might say it is. I enjoyed this game with my friends and you may be able to enjoy this game as well only with friends. It is not scary or a survival game as others might make it out to be, but it does have the characteristics to a good open world zombie experience. One downside to this game is that the story is not compelting enough for you to continue playing, thats where the friends come in. I have played this game and the following for a waping 5 times for each on all difficulties. I recommend this game only if you are not tired of the zombie genre.8/10"
,Recommended,239140,33219001,Posted: 4 July,all,✪Bape,"It is a great game, i used to h8 zombie games, but this makes me luv them. I do recommend to give this game a go"
,Recommended,239140,20194351,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,OFFLANER CSGO500,kill whole my family10/10
76561198034306329,Recommended,239140,14199432,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CoHippie,"This is a review based on the first 2 hours of gameplay - played through the entire initial prologue (fairly extensive and lengthy). Coming from an FPS veteran who cut his teeth on Wolfenstein 3D and has played almost every FPS since, I can unreservedly recommend this. If you enjoyed Dead Island, this is a very similar, albeit FAR superior game. This doesn't have nearly the same comic-book feel to it, and the graphics are impressive.Pros:Free-running/parkour - this is done very well - not frustrating and clunky like Assassin's Creed, and it's also not a ""can't miss"" QTE either. You're not a superhuman, and it IS possible to miss ledges/grabs/balances - however, this is largely due to player skill, not any form of bug. The free-running/mantling aspect is handled fluidly, and lends a sense that your body actually has some weight to it - it takes some skill, it's not just a matter of ""look at the grapple point, press a button, automatically teleport there with an animation"". Very life-like.Graphics - high resolution, well put together. Not quite on the level of the new Frostbite engine, but very good - no complaints here.Gameplay - if you liked Dead Island, you'll like this. Very similar. Crafting weapons, primarily melee-based, gather supplies/blueprints, special Giant Zombies etc.. Like another reviewer mentioned, the difference here is they focus more on the horde-mechanic, as opposed to a lot of individual encounters. Thus far, they definitely incentivize the free-running, think smart aspect as opposed to blithely wading into an encounter with your trusty rusty pipe.Cons - The buildings and locales are all very similar. This could be because I'm primarily still in the early portion of the game, however I did enough side-exploring to see what the city offered. Not a lot of variants that I could see - mostly a favela-looking jungle of shanties. Not necessarily a bad thing, but also won't blow you away with variety.9/10 - Simply put, if you liked Dead Island and want something slightly less comic-bookish, this is the game for you. It's basically Dead Island with free-running, but much, much better put together and less clumsy."
,Recommended,239140,14202320,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tarew,"Though Dying Light had a rough start, the devs pulled it together and put together a great game. Not very good story but the gameplay is what redeems this game."
,Recommended,239140,14206576,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tabkey,This game has them zombie eat brains thing.  You should buy.  Also lots of running and shooting and bopping and CRUSHING THEIR TINY EETSY BEETSY HEADS!
76561198096561950,Recommended,239140,25974199,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Xekn0w,"This game is what assasins creed would be like if it was fast, good, not through ******* uplay and also zompies"
76561197970158425,Recommended,239140,14193361,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MAGWolf,If Dead Island and Farcry 3 had a baby. It would be this game.
76561198043210906,Recommended,239140,14199442,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Skowyrny,"Hey, the game has a great potential, but what i dislike is the big diffrance between PC/PS4 regarding skins  and textures of infected. On this PC version all the infected has almost the same skins. It brings the game a little bit to the ground. I hope it will be fixed in the updates and we will get the full potencial of the game, with full skins and texture burst, as it is presented on the trailers, gameplays and attached pictures.  To soon for full recomendation."
,Recommended,239140,14206529,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Roscoe,"A possibly better successor than Evolve to the co-op team match up L4D style, with a complete and beautiful game attached. Running away from zombies has never been more fun and I'm only 5.6hrs in... Well worth getting!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14195314,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SαtαN,"A really good game, i enjoyed it all the way through until the ending.8/10"
76561197993641269,Recommended,239140,14198466,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,orwellianbob,Fun and new! Great concept.
76561198067774312,Recommended,239140,14202304,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,JonBax,"Bought the game.. i was a bit skeptical.. the usual zombie game... So anyway, i started playing..The first thing i saw was the stunning graphics( even though i have a Nvidia 570, and on medium specs.), the parkour, is a little clunky at first, or until u get the hang of it(u will be stringing free runs all over the place soon). So, i get past the basics. meet a couple of people, do a few errands, and suddenly... Night Time...If the atmosphere itself is not chilling, wait til the first zombie spots you.. run..OMG, i have never lost all feelings in my legs.. and trust me the second time u go out at night aint gonna be less scarier. :))THIS GAME is almost PERFECT. i recommend it with a warm heart(hopefully not eaten by some zombie).**** About the coop, it is close to flawless, seperate loot drops, spawn to ur friend when starting a quest conversation, loot sharing and so on. played the campaign with another friend, and im looking forward to play the 4 man Coop and the rest of the Multiplayer modes.**** ""Be a Zombie"" mode is awesome, takes a little time to get the hang of it.Good Luck and keep Running!"
76561198030978104,Recommended,239140,14206104,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tylermcd93,"So far I've put in 10 hours into this game and have only gotten 15% into the story. I love exploring the world, jumping around everywhere, picking my fights and surviving the night. I loved the Dead Island games and considered them to be the best zombie games I'd played because they were the first games in the genre to explore an open world and level based system. This game has definitely topped that and much more. The world is absolutely beautiful and the gameplay is very challenging. The parkour takes a bit to get used to, there's a learning curve, however once you get the hang of it it's extremely fun. Night gameplay makes you the most cautious and stealthy player in the world. I honestly can't think of a negative about this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14194585,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SMOKE GORDON pornhub.com,"Graphics are incredible!Parkour Is cool, but a little slow.Co-op is 10/10 but the characters are derpy :3 .Really fun to play with friends .Story is nice so far too."
76561197971914441,Recommended,239140,14196580,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,drakiel,Definitely lived up to the hype.  Smooth as silk day 1.  This game is awesome!  The parkour aspect of movement is exciting and seamless.  I've never played a game where melee combat felt this fluid and immersive.  It's been a long time since I've physically ducked at things coming at me on screen.
,Recommended,239140,14199411,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Scaryhunter,Must have !
76561198069672472,Recommended,239140,14195786,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,skiTs,"Do I recommend this game? Yes, but I'd wait until they fix the horrible FPS issues.i7 3770k @ 4.50 GHz16 GB DDR3SLI Nvidia GTX 780There is an issue with running this game in SLI at the moment which sucks. I disabled it and it removed the flashing/shaking on the screen but my frames were garbage even know I pass the recommended specs. After 10min of gameplay I feel like throwing up, until they fix this I won't be playing this game. Also, I've crashed 3 times in the hour or so I've played it. Game seems fun though, movement is fluid and combat is satisfying."
76561197968526827,Recommended,239140,14195992,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Snyder_41,"This game is just a ton of fun, dont miss out."
,Recommended,239140,30112213,Posted: 22 February,all,Leather Men,I just Finished the main story.This game is amazing.
76561198043781612,Recommended,239140,25709840,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,r4446b,i bought this game but for some reason I can only play dying light and not the following.  Finished the game hoping the Following would be next but still nothing.  Cant buy it because it says already in your library. please help
76561198008191385,Recommended,239140,19612014,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ytivarg,I am zombie spiderman.  That's all I need.
76561198039372128,Recommended,239140,25093571,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MrSisterFister,EVERYTHING IS AWSOMMMMMMM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!UNTIL NIGHT COMES THEN YOU NEED A NEW PAIR OF CLEAN PANTS x 999991. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)2. ( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)3. (╯ ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)╯ ︵ ┻━┻4. (╯͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)╯ ︵ ┻━┻5. (╯°□°）╯ ︵ ┻━┻6. ᕕ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ᕗ10/10 WOULD NOT GO OUT AT NIGHT AGAIN ! CRAPED MY PANTS
76561198291118858,Recommended,239140,30356145,Posted: 6 March,all,Gunter,very good name
76561198093002339,Recommended,239140,21396475,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SiriusChico,"It is zombie killing parkour madness which you should definitely play. It is one of the best open world zombie survivor games which I can only recommend. Playing it on hard is really great, the game is unforgiving. You are popping health items all time and you are still dying UNTIL you figure what the hell you should do, where to get some resources and how to generally kick zombie♥♥♥♥♥That said they are few very bad mechanics. First one is shooting – when you play on hard it takes just three shot to kill you and enemies don´t miss, ever. Second bad mechanics is boss fights. In basic game they are practically only two of them and both of them equally horrible. You will lose all your items and you need to kill bosses with just basic weapon. It is not just hard, it is not fair. And health boss does not replenish. So you just die a lot but in the end you just wear the boss out. It is not satisfying and it does not feel fair.Other than that it is amazing game, and I´m seriously thinking about buying DLC - The following."
76561198164230194,Recommended,239140,30398852,Posted: 8 March,all,Alpha,"Completely ♥♥♥♥ing epic can and will play it everyday until I die, pun not intended. =P"
,Recommended,239140,27756039,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ms.StrangeThing,I still think it's a cool game especially when you play it with good friends.Who wants to play this with me? :D
,Recommended,239140,32705685,Posted: 23 June,all,Red the Fox,REALLY?! ALMOST A WEEK AFTER I BUY THE GAME THERE'S A SALE?! WTF?!Great game btw. 10/10
76561198006705935,Recommended,239140,21010293,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jugs27,I can honestly say without any doubt that this is one of the best Zombie games you will ever buy. 10/10
45345635646564564,Recommended,239140,34249425,Posted: 14 August,all,sssss,multiplayer
76561198254042533,Recommended,239140,32519293,Posted: 17 June,all,Multifi Norge,Best zombie game so far!!!
,Recommended,239140,14204309,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LUKELEARMISSILE,"Adult version of ""The Floor Is Lava""9/10"
,Recommended,239140,15944996,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,LetsGoBoyce,Super fun especially with friends!
76561198089251936,Recommended,239140,15959152,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,MonoChaos,It's like if Dead Island and Mirrors Edge got together and decided they wanted to try the horror game route so they decided to take some pointers from games such as Amnesia or Five Nights at Freddy's (only without the jumpscares). What else do you need?
76561198122043669,Recommended,239140,19988976,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gilgameskills,very fun but HAD TO GET RID OF IT IT SLOWED MY PC... Cant wait for a new machine to play this game
,Recommended,239140,14822396,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"in my first 10 hours in this game I was a cowardly little♥♥♥♥♥♥.Now I'm close to 40 hours in (with 8 hours offline so off record), still haven't finished the story, though I think I'm quite close; but the thing is....NOW I AM A ZOMBIE KILLING GOD.10/10 will become a god again"
76561198284489058,Recommended,239140,35036282,Posted: 17 September,all,kalysman123,"Well, having a low-end graphics and still have the FPS low around 9-13 frames.. but it did affect most of the gaming when it comes to driving to beat the 6 minute. Instead, I am waiting on to get a better computer than a laptop. When looking at the sky when there isn't any strong details, it goes up around 25-30 frames,No biggie. Still the best. I can change with the same idea. I can keep going."
,Recommended,239140,35040741,Posted: 18 September,all,ParagonSynthesis,"20 hours alone on story and another 10 on the following excluding sidequests, theres just so much to the game and as you play you'll find out that theres much more gameplay than the tutorials and quests lead on. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14268340,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gay Nigga,Good game.
,Recommended,239140,15007355,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,bEAZZTy,":Dying Light Review:When i first started playing this game it was really really fun and i enjoyed it by 100 % i tell ya. but when if finished the story and all the side quests  the game was  getting a little bit boring. So i started playing co op with randoms making many new friends. But when i got to lvl 24 power and agility and the highest survivor rank. Then all easter eggs and expcalibur what else are you going to do? that the boring part here. Another good thing is Be The Zombie Mode, This mode is a really good thing they added to the game but is it only me that the mics like broken when my mic is still off it comes a sound thing at my name but im not talking. Anyway i recommend this game some things are bad but its still a great game im sure you enjoy the game :D"
76561198290999601,Not Recommended,239140,32333817,Posted: 10 June,all,Doctor,"Not a fan of it, something about it is just not fun."
,Recommended,239140,35007954,Posted: 16 September,all,Nick Carter,Great game!
,Recommended,239140,24951353,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,hailurez,"You fight zimbabwes once again in this sequel to Dead Island, but there are Mirror's Edge mechanics to spice it up and lots of gooey content for your money's worth.The Following DLC is bascially Far Cry with zimbabwes.If you have to choose between Dead Island and this, choose this."
,Recommended,239140,23435800,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,RubyRose,zomebi and zombie and zomebiNever end zomebi
76561198074708207,Recommended,239140,32649911,Posted: 22 June,all,TalonSilverHawk,"Great game with quite decent parkour mechanics, a classic but nice story, a nice character evolution and a fun multiplayer.Overall a great game that need to be given a try !"
,Recommended,239140,32635897,Posted: 21 June,all,Eryylh,Overall a very well made game giving me and some friends hours of zombie slashing fun.
,Recommended,239140,32647827,Posted: 22 June,all,Sidrev,"Best zombie simolator, thrilling and damn amazing gameplay, good story....Best when you play with friends, do whatever you wish in there, and have zombies take arrow in the knee :D"
76561198026441907,Recommended,239140,24160262,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Frankie,Really awesome game!10/10 i would die before light again.
76561198054614970,Recommended,239140,18360479,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,[FOR] Sulo,You and your friends will fight to the death over a few grounds of coffee10/10
,Recommended,239140,21843590,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,¡Adep7 | dANKUS MeMUS,"In my opinion, Dying Light was- no, IS- the best Zombie Game on Steam (At least as of the date this review was posted). It's not very fun to play alone, but if you have friend's you're in for a lot of fun. Multiplayer is great, but the game does get repetitive after the first couple of times you beat campaign.So is it worth your money? Yeah, especially if you're into zombie games."
76561198004883943,Recommended,239140,25894537,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TriXXter77,its good.....the whole game is good....damn fun and night time is no bueno....
,Recommended,239140,35226523,Posted: 26 September,all,Sir Joey of The White,"It's pretty cool, the light is dying too I think but I'm not sure, very zombie much killing. (And a lil' talking)"
76561198141256333,Recommended,239140,32640319,Posted: 22 June,all,MarcuDenis1231,gg
,Recommended,239140,22277614,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Max Lynch,oh no scary zomboos. runnd the of ways! cos if you of the dont you will get the deaded up and that. get it cos it is like the mirrors in the edges but if you were had in zombee apopyplypse
76561198169913279,Recommended,239140,21307178,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sonicwow45,I LOVE THIS GAME BUYYYYY IT AND THE FALOWING TOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,239140,27339959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sethioz.xyz,"Love the game, gives you that awesome zombie movie feel (such as walking dead), it's action / combat focused, making it really fun and realistic. it's open world, so go and do whatever you want.However once you complete the game, then there's nothing else to do really ... I finished the game and haven't played since.Here's list of all of my Dying Light videos:https://www.youtube.com/user/SethiozEntertainment/search?query=dying+lightAs you can see here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4qC_Im3bPUIt's lots of fun playing through the game, but once completed ... you don't really feel like playing.However i highly recommend this game to every and any zombie game / movie fan.This is one of the very few games, where you actually feel like being inside the movie. Graphics are amazing, sounds are great, night time and all .. and sometimes it gets really hairy and you have to really fight for survival :)I had lot of fun playing through the missions."
,Recommended,239140,22289576,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Somerandom18,Best devs ever?
,Recommended,239140,22305536,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Catch-A-Ride,Good but apparently they didn't enhance the graphic too much...
12343212232212222,Recommended,239140,22257499,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,s k 0 r   - ©,My favorite allround game of all times. EAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ZOMBIES!
,Recommended,239140,22289389,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Rocketloop,"As I have played it for a while now, Dying Light is a very good game in my opinion.The gameplay, graphics, storyline is all magnificent to play. For now I had no game crashes or bugs.Though it would be more awesome if there was a matchmaking multiplayer.But I definitely recommend this game."
76561197993334702,Recommended,239140,22292858,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,wardog,what a great game best  Zombie  i have played it got good  crafting weapons and it fun to just kill  Zombie  and the maps are big it hard at the being  tell you get better  weapons and perks i give a 10/10
76561198132910652,Recommended,239140,22210305,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,JUNKY CRAB,this is the best zombie parkour game ever 10/10 i would buy it agin!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,22286333,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fat Beagle In A Tux,What? This game has weapons? I have just been kicking hordes of zombies around for the past 5 hours.... IGN men
76561198249061358,Recommended,239140,22290292,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Super Robato,"Game fun. I thought my laptop will work well, but it lag alot. I decide to use my Big computer on this. It work perfectly. Before you buy this game, check the System Requirements.-it has awesome graphics-buttload of zombie-the online is ok (-_-)-so much more........"
,Recommended,239140,22291774,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,CSVF17,"I love this game, But i dont have the update for the enhanced edition. HELP!!!"
76561198081472952,Recommended,239140,14198262,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DeCaneCorso,"IMO as a casual gamer this game is F^%@ing awesome!! Beast mode! Those complaining about this game because of there system, mount up and upgrade!!!!! FTWFX-835016gbEvga GTX 970"
76561198252621084,Recommended,239140,22213574,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zorkk,"This realy tops alot of the Z games out there,With the parkour and the all kinds of Zombies out there it rly stands out from alot of games.and if you wanna slay zombies or be a pro ay parkour this game let's you pick which one you wanna cap out 1 or do you wanna cap out all of them around the same time.The main story is very good andgot me on a hook,But at the side Qeusts is where the game also shines and at all the eastereggs in the,Like plants vs zombies in a Z game.ill give it a 7/10 just because i feel they should have made the main story line a little longer."
76561198066177925,Recommended,239140,22227266,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Environmentalist,"Fun game, but you do really need a decent computer to run it.Scary as ♥♥♥♥, too."
76561198195002298,Recommended,239140,23943918,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,killordie24,best games have too play it to now
76561198249408652,Recommended,239140,23948697,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RickRekt,VERY GuD looking and like gUd game play so if you have some spare time and money BUy It
,Recommended,239140,34381535,Posted: 20 August,all,Corvo,gud. but short.
76561198057396267,Recommended,239140,14221129,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,social_code99,"Does anyone know anything about a purple tint or hue  ?  I never had this issue with any other game before , I got Assassin's creed unity which is a demanding game and works fine , but Dying light is the only one of all my games with a certain purple hue or tint ,"
76561197972759979,Recommended,239140,25953589,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,edstorm1,Exellent game!Still scares me!Play it!
76561198008686104,Recommended,239140,25954161,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Clementine,"Challenging and horrified when play alone.Loads of  fun when play with friends.However, I believe it would be much better if the storyline was longer."
,Recommended,239140,14204442,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ArtifactBorn,"yep it's epic.if your strugglimg with performance on amd cards. you can do this for a massive boost in fps1: Go to the Dying light folder located in your steam library folder: C:Program Files (x86)/Steam/SteamApps/Common/Dying Light/DW2: With WinRar Installed open Data0.pak, extract the varlist_noise and varlist_performance file to this location: C:\Users\”username”\Documents\DyingLight\data\scripts\ (Be sure to make a data and scripts folder just like me).3: Open notepad4: drag the varlist_noise.scr file into notepad, change the 0.15 to 0.00 and hit save to disable film grain.5: drag the varlist_performance file into notepad, change VarInt(“i_shadows_sun_on”, 1) to 0 and hit save to disable shadows.your welcome"
,Recommended,239140,14204527,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,KevO_o,"Nice animations, very open world. Could improve the performance perhaps. Overall a nice game."
76561198114817545,Recommended,239140,14203909,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LudoKai,"Amazing game. Take the premise of something like Dead Island, mix in a movement and free-running style of something like Mirror's Edge and add zombies that are actually deadly.Looks pretty.Runs amazingly.Also good guy's Techland made the ""Be a zombie mode"" free to everyone which is awesome.It's win. Really win."
76561198045900315,Recommended,239140,34920410,Posted: 13 September,all,Jaime Lannister,This game is one of my favourite games it is definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,239140,25992255,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jahvs,"Dying light is excellent at mostly everything it does. I beat the main game several months ago and enjoyed it quite a lot. Now I am playing through The Following and I feel compelled to review this game. Since I'm not someone who is terribly concerned with stories in games, especially action games like this, I will mostly be focusing on visuals and mechanics in this review.Visually this game is a treat, assuming you have a machine capable of handling it. I'm playing on a PC with a GTX 970/i5 4690k/16gb RAM. Most settings at high with only the gameworks options, motion blur and chromatic aberration turned off. Game runs beautifully smoothe. I can't remember the last time, if ever, the framerate noticeably dropped below the acceptable 60 fps.Mechanically this game also performs very well. Considering so many different elements are working together in Dying Light, I feel it manages to do almost everything well. Whether you're doing parkour, driving your buggy, or slicing zombies with one of the many wonderful melee weapons, you rarely feel like your character is awkward to control. The inventory management, however, can feel a bit fiddly at times. Eventually you accumulate so many weapons and crafting items that the game starts to feel more like Fallout 4 than a zombie action FPS.To be honest I don't remember many of the details of the main game's story and I haven't completed The Following so I can't tell you whether it's any good or not. But I can promise you won't be disappointed as long as you're not expecting some mind-blowingly awesome and original plot."
76561198250137970,Recommended,239140,34963353,Posted: 14 September,all,MOEG75,i love this game. the parkour and zomie combo is very well put together imo. the story is rather short but at least there is free dlc coming up!
76561198015632210,Recommended,239140,19702348,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,sergio,+Decent story+Lots of side quests and challenges+Exciting and fun gameplay+Open detailed world+Be the Zombie mode+Graphics+RPG elements-Какого xyя season pass cyкa подорожал в 2 раза eбaный их рот
,Recommended,239140,26396107,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ninja6460,"Awesome game! Worth to buy, amazing parkour, ""realistic"" zombies, but damn some missions are creepy af! Not recommended for peoples who doesn't like underground tunnels, abandoned places with alot of zombies! But yeah i love this game!"
,Recommended,239140,32504946,Posted: 17 June,all,Winter,"Great games, but not for those who only want to kill zombies"
,Recommended,239140,14792001,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,USnake,"You liked Dead Island, but felt that it was missing something? You wanted something... more?Wait no longer! Dying Light is and excellent game bringing you better mechanics, story and graphics than Dead Island! Your character is not a silent protagonist, which I love as he expresses emotions other than ""Yea, I'll bring that for you."" and ""Smash that zombie!"". The story feel great even if you're playing alone unlike Dead Island, where it felt like you weren't getting the full experience if you had no buddies to play with.Another plus is that guns do feel like guns, although the sounds for them could be a bit better, you can finally blast zombies to the moon with a double barrel! Always fun! :)All in all, great game and a must buy if you liked Dead Island as its 10x better!"
,Recommended,239140,28637755,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"Donald Trumpster ""1337"" ""420""",gut
,Recommended,239140,32431642,Posted: 15 June,all,Sir.,100%
,Recommended,239140,34778835,Posted: 6 September,all,>Artik<,one of the only 5 games on darvoodles ok game list
76561198000140576,Recommended,239140,34873004,Posted: 10 September,all,[XkM] Evilmanx,love this game kill kill
76561198068261714,Recommended,239140,14510182,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dabbz,"So , what they say is true, definitely worth the money full price... i also saw others reviewing about needing a beefy comp to run,  and a cpl more negative terms. this works on i3 3.3 ( not beefy, actually loooow end ) , and if ya cant buy a new computer to play new games... you are broke, and should prolly reassess life... ( kill yourself )"
76561197967933522,Recommended,239140,14299246,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Fenryr,"Dying Light is surprisingly good Game since I haven't really enjoyed his spiritual predecessor.PRO/CON+ Parkour mechanics is solid and much fun to be had+ Character progression is separated in three categories, which level up independently: Survivor, Agility and PowerSurvivor is the overall experience gain through Main QuestAgility is the parkour tree which improves your speed and endurancePower makes you better at slaughterYou can max out everything as you please (the more you use it the faster it levels up) but in the early stages of the game you can choose if you rather want to beat ‘em up or run away.+ The night. Jesus is it scary.  At least the first few hours. Later on you are too powerful to be horrified by the volatile!+ The World is very atmospheric with a lot of details and collectibles. Something we haven’t seen in a while now is “no    fast travel”! (Or I’m too dense to use it ^^)+/- Story is simple with a few twists in it. Unfortunately is it a very linear experience. Overall not bad.+/- Crafting system is very straight forward: gather all the goodies, find some blueprints and craft it. Simple isn’t it. I personally don’t like the fact that it is possible to create some strange flame swords and shock weapons (That’s one of the main reasons why I don’t like Dead Island).- Combat is satisfying but after a while it gets very boring because you get very powerful and nothing besides a bomber can kill you."
76561198059472258,Recommended,239140,20080006,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[CGO] Touchmeimfluffy,"Pros:Starts running from fast and agile zombies, jumps off roof into moore fast and agile zombies. Dies.Cons:♥♥♥♥ multiplayer."
76561198040637432,Recommended,239140,22641920,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,PICKLE DICK,its goods
,Recommended,239140,22641989,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ae Æ (FIXCSGO),This Game Ultimate MLG For M8Thi5 Gam3 G0dLık3 NosC0P3 K1ll5 Includes.Hahaha.This game awersome.
,Recommended,239140,25951919,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Von-Orange,"This game is great i have had a hard time playing anything over this past year but i purchased this to kill some zombies and now im in love. It is a great mix between Left for dead, GTA, and yes Skyrim in terms of some of the UI. Hands down my new favorite Zombie game and for now, the only game i can stand playing."
,Recommended,239140,15057384,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Twix the Christmas Fox,"Good game. But official name for the multiplayer is ""I don't know how to work a ♥♥♥♥ing flashlight mutliplayer."""
,Recommended,239140,22368164,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Alkaporty,"I remember when this game first came out, it was a mess for AMD users. But against all odds, Techland worked hard on the issue and now this game performs amazingly well. A really good job from them, they really should be supported. It's so rare to have devs to actually work on a game after its release (I'm looking at you Avalanche Studio). Plus, this game is freaking awesome. The perfect mix between Mirror's Edge and Dead Island (WAY better than Dead Island btw)."
,Not Recommended,239140,21654391,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Kamiyama,"I wanted to like this, but the jumping and climbing killed it for me. You can't advance the story without climbing buildings and radio towers and it's total bullcrap. Do you like MIrror's Edge? Because I hated it and I also hate this game. I play zombie games to chop their heads off with axes, not to run away from them and climb buildings like I'm spiderman.If you like running away from zombies and pretending your spiderman, you will absolutely love Dying Light. Unfortunately, I'm not one of those people."
76561198167411394,Recommended,239140,24002698,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,W8lifts,"Played this on Xbox and never got into ...playing it  on PC now ,with a 4K display, and it is such an amazing game . It's not scary but it is very creepy at times."
,Recommended,239140,27982459,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,K3iraV0ice,Parkooooooooooooooooooooooour! \m/
,Recommended,239140,27993521,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sh4d0w,Gr8 game I rate 8/8 m8
76561198126325028,Recommended,239140,27113003,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ice_freezer,"So much content in one game. So many things done right. And a decent story to boot.Definitely a must buy if you're into freeroam zombie-slaying gorefests.My only gripe is optimization but my PC is quite old, so maybe it's that."
76561198063210677,Recommended,239140,20484727,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Saints Fortune,"The one game where you get to hear zombies scream as you drop kick them from roof tops, or if you're playing as the hunter in be the zombie and the human players have mics you get to hear them go ""WHAT THE F**K"" when you tackle them into spikes."
76561198016477228,Recommended,239140,34817345,Posted: 8 September,all,Crankage,"I've always dreamt of being in a zombie apocalypse. In my dreams, as exciting as they were, I always died. Now I can live my dreams through this game. Thank you Dying Light.10/10 would follow my dreams again. I highly recommend you do the same.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
76561198081487330,Recommended,239140,20909038,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,khaleddef,good game...
,Recommended,239140,35148458,Posted: 23 September,all,Spazbandicoot,"Bought it, played it, loved it, later was removed from my steam library for a bloody ""Payment issue"". Thanks, Steam."
,Recommended,239140,35150162,Posted: 23 September,all,Katatonia,"been a long time since i've played this.. but i truly loved this game here are some pros and cons.Pros;+Graphics are beautiful, animations are smooth, and the environment has the perfect amount of clutter.+Looting system. the looking system is very good, and level based.+Parkour. this game implemented the parkouring mechanics/system extremely well. it's a masterpiece.+Story, this story was really good. ""sorry no spoilers""+co op in this game is flawless. and can end up with you and a random person meleeing zombies for hours on end.+challenges. ""what you ask??"" while doing the story and adventuring through the game. there are many difficult and fun challenges to do, may it be a parkour challenge, a killing challenge, or even sieging a supply drop.+Survival... umm what more do you want to know???Cons;-DLC weapons, i don't usually consider DLC to be a con, but when you have to buy dlc to get this weapons and that weapon.. it kinda ruins it.-DLC lol i know the first con was dlc but so is this one. the following... well that was kind of bland. the world was/is great... but ehhh. nothing special.. unless you consider a dune buggy that awesome.-Hacked weapons/mods yes there are hacked weapons and mods, yes they do 1 shot, yes a friend gave me one, yes i destroyed it."
76561198335060014,Recommended,239140,32392690,Posted: 13 June,all,Grim Reaper Pvpro.com,#1 zombie game
,Recommended,239140,20452186,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Yeah..Its i am !,Nice game 20-40 fps ^_^
,Recommended,239140,15332406,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,I N T E R R O.,"Dying Light is everything most people expected Dead Island to be but wasn't. The parkour, free-running and free-climbing mechanics of this game make for an exciting, though somewhat repetitive experience. The move set could have some extra variety and there could be greater variety in the enemies you face but ultimately Dying Light is a game worth owning albeit not at its full price tag. Settle in for the long haul though; 6 hours in and I'm not even 10% through the game."
,Recommended,239140,15341902,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,00 Buck,Best Zombie FPS Ever.  I highly recommend.
,Recommended,239140,21323134,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grey,"This game taught me many things about real life:Episode 1: I was locked out of my house last week, and I realized I had a paper clip and pocket knife in my car. I figured, ""this will be a cinch"" I started to pick my lock: click, click. Sh%#. Paper clip broke. Yep, lock is ruined.*Hops wall, grabs key from under mat, and enters through back door*Wife: ""Why the hell did you come in from the back?"" Me: ""I locked myself out"" Wife: ""Why didn't you just knock?"" Me: ""I've been trying to learn parkour."" *parkour into back room* Pursuit evaded.Episode 2: I have to take the trash out, but it's getting dark outside. Wife: ""the trash is still overflowing"" Me: ""True, but its almost dark. I don't think I can risk it."" Wife: ""Risk what?"" Me: *looks at couch; chooses to wait until morning*I wake up. Wife: ""now that it's light out, how about that trash?"" Me: ""HELL YEAH. DOING IT!"" *Grabs machete out of closet; ties up trash bag* Wife: ""what the hell is with the sword?"" Me: *parkour into front yard* Trash delivered. I feel stronger.Episode 3: It's night time. Wierd noise on roof. Feeling unusually brave, I grab my new teddy bear (aka my machete) from under my pillow. Using my parkour skills I climb up my aluminum rain gutter. Rain gutter buckles under my weight and I crash to the ground. Startled, the cat on my roof scampers away. Mission accomplished.Episode 4: My wife and I make dinner. I am cutting vegetables with a Hardened Beef Cleaver. I go to the bedroom and grab my Machete. I lay the Machete and Beef Cleaver on the counter. Me: ""Which of these is better?"" Wife: ""For what? Why have you been acting so wierd lately?"" Me: ""Agreed."" *Chops carrots with machete*11/10 Would take this course again in the Spring.The Following taught me even more about real life:Episode 5: Been training for awhile now with Teddy. Let’s just say we eat a lot of squirrel for dinner. Came across a Javelina unexpectedly while trying to fix our stupid water pump (living in SW USA) and realized my skills weren’t exactly “legendary.” Teddy failed. I failed. I ran. Wife understood, but I could see the disappointment in her eyes. So, naturally, I think, “F-THIS”*Jumps through kitchen window; hoofs it to the tool shed* *Sets Teddy on the workbench, grabs tazer, duct tapes tazer to Teddy, wraps metal wiring from tazer around blade, activate tazer, Teddy lights up like a F’in Christmas tree*YEAH! *Heads back to water pump* Javelina is there, staring me in the GD face like a drunken frat kid. “OH, I’LL COME AT YOU BRO” *Charges Javelina, Teddy sparks like a damn firework*Wake up 3 days later in the hospital with a giant gash in my side. I see the blurry outline of my wife, “Did I get him?” Wife: “No, he got away; the cops took your weapon.” I pass out again.Episode 6: After some time at the hospital, I come home, wrap some alcoholic gauze around my arm like thirty times, and I’m back to full strength. Wife: “Did you hurt your arm too?” *Looks at gauzed up hand* Me: “I need more firepower.” *Looks at wife* Me: “Honey, do you trust me?” Wife: “No! I absolutely do not trust your judgment right now. You just nearly died!” Me: “Exactly! We need wheels.” *Grabs car keys, limps out the door* Me: “I’m gonna need more gauze.”Episode 7: I return home with PigF$&%er, my sweet new buggy. I honk the horn in the driveway. I stand brandishing my recovered Teddy in all his glory and as my wife opens the door, I activate taze mode. Teddy lights up like a damn sword with a tazer attached to it. Wife: *closes door*I realize she’ll only love me again if I kill this swine. *Buggy screeches out into the night* Experience Doubled.TO BE CONTINUED…11/10 Currently taking this course again in the SpringIf you like this review, check out some of my other reviews: WunWeg's ReviewsOr check out my blog: ZeeModernNerdBlogFollow me on Twitter: ZeeModern NerdFeel free to comment on my profile if there are more games you'd like me to review."
76561197971715140,Recommended,239140,14238216,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Literal Vampire Potbelly Goblins,"OK. Im going on the limb here and saying that what this game brings is nothing far too unique or game changing. That being said, Dying Light is still a fun experience. If you like killing zombies this game is for you. Though characters are for the most part generic the real bread and butter is loot and more loot. Now, unfortunately there is not a whole lot in terms of different types of loot. After about 10-15 hours you pretty much know what there is going to be. It is still fun.For the bad.I am probably not going to be playing again. After about 26 hours into the campaign on newgame+ I decided to join a multiplayer game. My game then crashed in the middle of said match. The result? I still had newgame+ and was saved at 22% completion. But, all my stats were reset. I had no weapons or money, nor anything in my stash bag. Atleast I still had my unlocked outfits! All in all It takes a lot of time invested to get ranked up. This is an issue and one the devs arent really responding to in a timely manner. So I just hope it doesnt happen to you and keep in mind it might happen and it sucks. Really sucks."
76561198314717997,Recommended,239140,30913820,Posted: 2 April,all,YouuuSuckk,"Bought it after I got a refund on another game and I must say... It's a great game. I've never tried the zombie genre, but this is awesome so far. I've only put about 2-3 hours into the game at this point, and only played single player for now, but I like it alot.I'm giving this an excellent review ... highly recommended."
,Recommended,239140,24915781,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rosa Moon,Noice game but the ending of the following is♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy it...
76561198042903798,Recommended,239140,25937114,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,coton,great game for a co-op experience.
,Recommended,239140,19731131,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SpkrFrkrMpls,Rummaging through police van*hears noiseturn and see volatilesturns and trips over pop candies10/10 would drink dr. pepper again
76561198115437023,Recommended,239140,31881712,Posted: 21 May,all,Bob,"Probably the best Open World Zombie game of all time. There is just so many things you can do and you'll get bored really hard. Now, why are you reading reviews? Go and buy the game! I worths every dollar."
76561198219775075,Not Recommended,239140,29439569,Posted: 23 January,all,Sightless =_=,игра♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,35453618,Posted: 3 October,all,dreadlol,preeeetty good
,Recommended,239140,32435878,Posted: 15 June,all,R2 RL_Vertex ^-^,OMG This  game is awesome but the grapics are a litle ugly but nice game!
,Recommended,239140,14812891,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Murder Charles,"Dying Light is what happens when the zombie cliche gets so worn out that developers just try anything with zombies and see if it works out. A million fail, but then, by some crazy statistical anomaly, one game is actually very fun and well put together.That game is Dying Light. For the most part, it's as if the Dead Island devs realized everything they did wrong and made it right. And added parkour because why notPros-- Tons of weapons- Abilities actually feel worthwhile- Characters are well developed- Zombies are always fun to kill- Night time will actually scare you- Scavenging and building new weapon upgrades is satisfying- Guns actually feel rare and extremely powerful- Probably moreCons-- Too many types of special infected, a problem that harmed both Dead Island and Left 4 Dead 2 in my opinion- Final boss is a QTE because of course it is- 'Spider sense' when searching for supplies (helpful, but I'd prefer if it wasn't there, for muh immersion reasons)- Special infected are a bit too common- Traps don't really feel that useful, even at night- Controls take some getting used to, at least on controllerI have yet to try co-op, so all of this was written from a singleplayer experienceAll in all, if I had to give this game a rating, I'd give it an 89/100I'm a sucker for parkour and for zombies, so this game pretty much saved me from boredom"
,Recommended,239140,28623357,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Chet,i like
76561198197145167,Recommended,239140,35458493,Posted: 3 October,all,PHTM.Viral,Hands down my favorite game ever. 5 stars.
,Recommended,239140,31556664,Posted: 5 May,all,Rich Pizza,This is a great game I ever played !!!!
,Recommended,239140,35480624,Posted: 4 October,all,«P_Å_ Ţ_R_ I_Ҝ»,nice
,Recommended,239140,28199776,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,thunder,Pretty fun game that you can play with friends. Not exceptional by any means but a great way to kill ~20-30 hours.7/10
,Recommended,239140,14448947,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Alpha Wolf™,"So, I just got Dying Light yesterday. Even after their specs said I couldn't play it due to my FX-6350. Well, I've only had a few FPS drops, lags in the game. Game is pretty cool so far.All the reviews have said the storyline sucks and the characters aren't lovable. That they lack personality or whatever. But, I am finding myself drawn into every aspect.I am especially drawn to Rahim. Young, reckless to the point of self-destruction. Reminds me a lot of myself, when I was young.Anyways, if you are thinking about getting this game, but do not have the minimum specs, fear not, I play on high and I only have the FX-6350. Gameplay is pretty good.To end this ridiculous review, let me just say this, it's worth the purchase. I am now enmeshed into the storyline that others have said is absent."
,Recommended,239140,26346796,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Tayosei,Very sp00ky you hit stuff kill stuffs and jump around!I think thats about it
,Recommended,239140,19560199,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DJ_Zephyr,"Revising from my previous review.  This is a rather qualified recommendation that may change when The Following is release.TL;DR: An intriguing, occasionally-frustrating take on the zombie theme.  Focusing on first-person parkour and melee combat, and transforming into a wonderfully tense stealth game at night.  Plenty of collectibles, challenges and sidequests for the open-world enthusiasts.  Some frustrations with the main story and certain gameplay elements keep this title from earning a solid recommendation (one of those times you wish Steam had more than a Yes/No).  It's definitely worth trying out the demo.GAMEPLAY: The melee combat feels a LOT like Techland's previous work in Dead Island, and is broken up by the occasional ranged battle.  The parkour seems mostly inspired by Mirror's Edge, but with clumsier controls.  When you're in the open world, they function well enough, but always seem to fall short when needed most.  The game seems to like to hide instant-death Boomer-style exploding zombies right behind corners, often resulting in frustrating deaths that highlight some poor decisions in checkpoint placement.  An end-game gauntlet that kicks you back to its start led to my earlier, angrier review and to a multi-month surrender of sort.  The game also likes to take away your gear (grappling hook, health packs, weapons) right before throwing its hardest bosses at you.  These attempts to increase tension often only result in needless frustration.However, the game truly shines at night.  By combining crippling darkness with Volatiles- a fast, durable, hard-hitting kind of super zombie- Techland manages to transform this brawler into a stealth game.  While there are safe zones all across the map, you earn extra XP for spending the night wandering around in the darkness, and even more XP for evading these Volatiles completely from dusk to dawn.  These are my favorite parts of the game.Also, as mentioned, the game has plenty to offer for achievement hunters.  Safe spots to unlock, collectibles to track down.  Plenty of side missions and challenges will keep you busy stomping thru (or sneaking around) zombies.  These kind of things are what really drove me to finally come back, beat the main story, and get back to open world stuff.STORY:  A fairly forgettable affair.  You come in as some government agent invesigating a possible cure.  There's a mouthy raider boss claiming to know secrets about the cause of the outbreak trying to leverage this against said goverment.  Characters are mostly forgettable, and you never really delve into their backstories.  Side quests are fairly generic.  At least the voicework isn't too bad.GRAPHICS: A fairly technically-impressive game.  I can run it quite well on an FX-6300 and R9-380 4GB with 8GB of ram.  Thankfully, the motion blur that mired Dead Island can be switched off, and the FOV can be adjusted to one's liking.  The game's color palette is mostly drab, tho I suppose that's befitting of a zombie outbreak.  Ragdoll and clothing physics on the zombies is done well, and if you're into gory melee combat, few do it better than Dying Light.  Interiors also allow for a degree of destrucitibility, with bits of drywall and broken glass often flying about during the game's few gunfights.  The lighting is, oddly enough, most impressive at night, where barrel fires and what few lights still work help outline the intense shadows and roving Volatiles.SOUND: As mentioned, the voice work has been done fairly well, but effects are where it's at here.  Cutting up zombies is as much an aural experience as it is a visual one.  Guns give out satisfying reports with each carefully-placed shot.  The ambient audio can be nice, but the sound can also mislead at times.  You'll hear a distant horde cry out in response to some careless noise, but they may never actually show.  I turn the music off most of the time, but it has a bit of an Asian flare and isn't awful - I just think turning it off makes the nights that much better.In the end, we'll see how the buggy-focused Following DLC pans out.  I may be able to give the game a little more favor then.  Still, it's worth a try for the zombie-slayers out there."
76561198030730595,Recommended,239140,15287985,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,miller9953,Awesome now that the bugs have been worked out. Just very fun and not another zombie first person shooter...although do not like the exploding zombie killing me all the time hiding behind doors to explode in your face...truely worth the purchase and hope the DLC's will add more city content.
76561197971353375,Recommended,239140,35260885,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
,Recommended,239140,19666978,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Butter me up Scotty,"This game is pure fun! unique parkour zombie experience with fluid, buttery smooth controls. The story is good, but has some storyline cliches. But the gameplay and the mechanics are easy to use and is a blast to use! I would give this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,24861709,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,a spooky Loser,its good
,Recommended,239140,30724621,Posted: 25 March,all,BigCannonGaming,I LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198168253434,Recommended,239140,35480317,Posted: 4 October,all,xlshooterzzz,Amazing good game love the jump kick <3
,Recommended,239140,20271019,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fearlezz,"(I am just here for my badge.)-You can use a grappling hook.-Different kinds of melee weapons (1 hit kill to the head).-Adding different kinds of elements, doing different kinds of damage and effects.-Game has a great parkour element.-Free dlc.-Has co-op option.-Has cool eastereggs.-Has a meh story.10/10 would fall from a building again trying to get to the the top."
76561198081047337,Recommended,239140,35467792,Posted: 4 October,all,Mumbo Jumbo,I dont like zombie games.
,Recommended,239140,19257925,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Daddy Shroud,"Playing dying light, all I can hear is the thudding of my own running then, a lil ♥♥♥♥♥ zombie gargles on some♥♥♥♥♥and I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. 10/10 would gargle on that zombie again."
,Recommended,239140,19266733,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kaist,:)
76561198028325739,Recommended,239140,19268928,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,P1,Massive improvement over Dead Island
,Recommended,239140,19252194,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SN4KE_PL1SSK3N,"Buy this game. You won't be disappointed. It kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Dead Island series, decapitates it, and sends it sailing from a rooftop...10/10 would uninstall Dead Island again"
,Recommended,239140,24057428,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Eatkamisama,"Hands down one of the best zombie survival game in the gaming industry so far. Amazing graphics, atmospheric, vluid and smooth movement system. Amazing combat system adn weapon customization and variations. I would recommend this game to anyone interested in the zombie survival genre and or love to play coop and blow things up oh.. and.. parkour!PROS:amazing graphicsvast open worldlots of zombiesparkour feels like parkourweapons are awesomegood storynice sceneryyou can clim buildings and stuffCONS:game has minor glitches at timesside quests are very shallow and is quite tedious9.5/10"
76561198035308836,Recommended,239140,27808827,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Juniper The Fox,the story line is so perfectly and the graphics are damn good and the multiplayer makes it funny
76561198121084039,Recommended,239140,33105913,Posted: 1 July,all,Noice,This game is awesome its so fun when you start to level up because you get way better wepons
76561198422023071,Recommended,239140,35482821,Posted: 4 October,all,metrocater16,"ok this review is not about the game itself, the game is amazing. this is about the fact i just spent 45.00 buying this game like three days ago and now its on sale for 20.00??? REALLY!!!! can you not post something saying your gonna put a game on sale so people dont buy it right before you do.. thats kind of crappy of you to do that."
76561198172934051,Recommended,239140,30907169,Posted: 2 April,all,HuuhKaja ツ,yks mun lempi peleistä ikinä ja todella hauska. Jos tykkäät zompie ja parkour peleistä niin tää peli on sulle tarkotettu!
,Not Recommended,239140,33407028,Posted: 9 July,all,Lvchaos,"First person parkour experience is top notch, but all the other aspects are painfully mediocre and cliched."
,Recommended,239140,16960018,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Orange Juice,"Really watch your computers Graphics card type, because this game takes a big toll on FPS. Mine is a Intel(R) HD Graphics 4600 and it runs at 20-31 FPS tops with everything the lowest of low. Make sure if you're going to buy this game, that your computer is made to run this."
76561198346468629,Recommended,239140,35475208,Posted: 4 October,all,Super-Turtle,best game ever
76561198123456556,Recommended,239140,19817853,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Starburst365,Great game you will spend hours on it!
,Recommended,239140,35507297,Posted: 5 October,all,Fine,"Just started but it's pretty damn cool so farIt's like Assassin's Creed meets Prototype meets Far Cry meets DayZ, except DayZ is sh*t but this game isn'tBasically it's what I wanted out of DayZ: zombie survival free-roam in an urban enviroment"
,Recommended,239140,32733893,Posted: 24 June,all,Sonny,"Zombies, parkour and a great story!"
,Recommended,239140,32734083,Posted: 24 June,all,Houston,I liked this game so much that when the summer sale came I felt empty inside because there wasn't a Dying Light 2 I could buy.
,Recommended,239140,18147889,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,hellstorm102,Much better than i ever expected
,Recommended,239140,32821295,Posted: 26 June,all,Bazinga,"Good game. Parkour element is the highlight of the gameplay for me. The Following lacks the excitement that the orginal game had. The gameplay is mostly smooth and has a gory/hack and slash feel to it.I would recommend to players who enjoy a fast paced, zombie game."
76561198047935332,Recommended,239140,21080342,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Akarou De Voiture,"Massive gameplay, a lot of thing to do,craft,kill,climb.And of course, this is like COD DLC, The Following is HOW DLC SHOULD BE PLEASE ITS NOT A DLC, ITS A NEW GAME!"
,Recommended,239140,35503210,Posted: 5 October,all,SmashTV,one of the best zombie games i've ever played.
76561197973091916,Recommended,239140,32526675,Posted: 17 June,all,Dendrazzik,Like the walking dead...zombies are to be avoided
76561197991465949,Recommended,239140,30095069,Posted: 22 February,all,Gagarin,Perfect game!
,Recommended,239140,29565655,Posted: 29 January,all,SkyGT,worth your money
,Recommended,239140,35461681,Posted: 3 October,all,Not Lolicon,Best zombie game I ever played.
76561198209303844,Recommended,239140,26241822,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Saint_deLucaz,Great Zombie game ever !!!!
,Recommended,239140,35504827,Posted: 5 October,all,Robin,Dying light is the best game it has Awesome graphics and frist person parkour.
,Recommended,239140,35507437,Posted: 5 October,all,JHRankin,"I used to own this game on Xbox One when it first came out, and without a doubt it was one of my favorite games. It's absolutely gorgeous and has some truly beautiful gameplay. This is one of very few games that kept me addicted from start to finish. My only complaint is that once I sold my Xbox and bought a macbook pro, I purchased the game on steam and couldn't even make it past the title screen because how bad it would freeze up and lag. It says available for mac, but I can't even get the game actually started without it freezing up and closing out."
,Recommended,239140,28320232,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Slothzillaz,"A beautiful game that runs as I would expect. Imagine Assassins Creed parkour gone Walking Dead and that's what Dying Light is. The story seems decent enough from what I've played but the real beauty is in the gameplay and mechanics.The perk trees get alot better as the game gets harder, the zombies become more numerous as the game progresses and as you level up and the loot gets better. Stealth was pretty easy on base zombies, as they are about as smart as a bag of bricks, but once they see you they will follow you until you give them a decent distraction (Another example of 'gone Walking Dead'). The lockpicking feels a little lackluster, as does the occassional zombie that wants to QTE spam me, but it's still a very solid game.My 6600K 1060 rig runs this at 1080p Max Settings at a fluctuating 55-90 FPS. Some areas are very demanding whereas others run like a dream. I find that framerates are lower during the day, possibly due to higher render distances or render distance quality levels being higher.Overall, solid game with amazing gameplay. Would happily recommend to anyone who likes open-world zombie survival games."
76561198088609375,Recommended,239140,32878808,Posted: 27 June,all,Adam.,"I played trough nearly the whole game, and this was one of the most emotional, exciting game ive ever played i can say."
95439087234764512,Recommended,239140,30928831,Posted: 3 April,all,digit,"This is really a well-made zombie game.Parcours style.The change from day to night is really nice.graphics:..............10/10physics effects:.....9/10sound:..................6/10story / concept:.....6/10pro:- Very nice graphics. Water and light is very nice.- NO framerate limit, very smooth gameplayMany options:- You can toggle off speech and turn on subtitles instead- Many graphics options can be turned on or off.- Linux compatible- You can skip almost every cutscene except the conversations with themobile phone.- Many action and blood. Rowdy.But beside shiny daylight there is dark night, too:neg:- turning on/off v-sync is not in the game options menu. *1- The landscape is sometimes a bit repetitive- Too open world style. You don't have to pass specific ways or obstacles.You jump like a rabbit: From roof top to roof top.- Normal zombies are no real threat. You can ecape easily by running.- Game is good for melee combat. Rather not for guns. Sadly.- Zombies, zombies, zombies.But no military with weapons ;-( This is the reason why I rate it only with 6/10 for the story/concept.*1)Mouse lag?I have solved my issues with mouse lag by turning off vysnc and limiting pre rendered images to 1 by using the control panel of my graphics card."
76561198019297612,Recommended,239140,35519015,Posted: 6 October,all,D00D,Cool
,Not Recommended,239140,22538559,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,blackBird,Don't buy season pass. I have it and these are not included:1. Harran Ranger2. Gun Psycho3. Volatile HunterFYI.
,Not Recommended,239140,14270202,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Cunce,"Doesn't work on amd cards, 20-30fps no matter what my settings are. Waste of money I hope they release a patch for it soon"
,Not Recommended,239140,31814025,Posted: 17 May,all,FUN POLICE,"Enjoyable at first. About 10-20 hours in gets boring and extremaly grindy, luckily I got it on sale."
76561198083548767,Not Recommended,239140,28923890,Posted: 1 January,all,Twittery Bigfoot,"NOTE: I played this game on hard mode.There is a lot to like about this game. The zombie hordes, the melee head smashes, and the fear your first few night missions will fill you with. However, I also found a lot that I didn't like. Human enemies with overwhelming health pools are annoying to deal with until you find a firearm. You can use fire to make this process easier, but it just doesn't make sense to me that I can bash a human NPC in the head with a beefed up weapon nearly 30 times just to get the same old reply, ""Your only making me angry!"" Battling human NPCs was by far my least favorite part of this title, and I was eventually just so tired of dealing with it that I decided to put away what could have been a great game.I also found myself being respawned right on top of enemies after failing a mission. This, alongside poor level design on some of the story missions had me banging my head against the wall. I tried and tried to love this game, but I just cannot play it any longer. It's not a bad game, I just found parts of it to be very frustrating, unbalanced, and down right incorrect. This is my opinion, it may differ from yours."
,Recommended,239140,14199487,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Slinkie,2015 Ebola simulator.
,Not Recommended,239140,14607344,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,connorfnshr,about 50+ hours played. game going great. tons of fun.open game. save file gone. start again from scratch. cry inside. delete game from steam folder. staying away from this company from now on.
76561198006217347,Recommended,239140,14220503,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"This game is basically Dead Island with parkour and nighttime zombie supercharge gimmick thrown in. I enjoyed the game but not unreservedly, there are upsides and downsides to it.Pros:- Graphics are excellent, even on medium settings.- Parkour adds a new dimension to the game and for the most part well executed.- Decent melee gameplay, weapons and feedback feel right.- Gunplay is good.- Good melee upgrade system.- Well executed and believable city.- Interesting and rewarding skill trees.Cons:- Story is boring and predictable.- Characters are bland and instantly forgettable.- Melee weapons are treated as consumables - that orange quality sword you spent 12 grand on, it will become worthless after 5 repairs.- Parkour feels underdone compared to AC.- Nighttime gameplay is poorly executed, odds are stacked too heavily in favour of zombies, if you love the feeling of being hunted you will probably enjoy it though.- As far as I can tell range weapons are not up-gradable like they were in Dead Island.- The prologue drags on for an hour during which it will take you a few minutes just to kill a simple biter."
,Not Recommended,239140,14194658,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GhillieG,"Where to begin with this.. Oh my..I'll start with the Cons:Terrible FPS, Optimization..? What optimizationEven on low on a rig that should be running this at ATLEAST medium or above I get a continuous 15 frames if I'm lucky with all settings at low, thats pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!Black screen on startup.. Pretty self explanatory It's a Con because you cant play the game and it seems to be fairly random!Instant crash on startup. Don't try and run Dxtory with this for some reason they have bad blood and wont run alongside eachother.The Voice-Acting/Dialogue is pretty cheesey.. I feel as if I'm stuck in a really old action movie but there is no action!The parkour is clunky tbh for the one hour I played I felt like running through the streets was more optimal.The infamous Dead Island Stunlock Kick of Doom makes a return here. Who needs weapons when you can just punt a zombie out of the way and run away from it.. It doesnt take up stamina like every other action in the game so you can literally spam it! Immersion breaking and looks pretty stupid.Now for the Pros:It felt good listening to the crunch of a zombie's bones as I slapped her upside the head with a wrench but that feeling soon dissipated.Uninstallation works Flawlessly!Thats it for the Pros!For a close up look of what the game is like on release I have a video for you here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVr_i1o1Y-8In my opinion I do not reccomend purchasing this game save your money for more important things or other titles.Thanks for Reading/Watching."
76561198063060927,Not Recommended,239140,25973338,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,shyska ronja,"My review stems more from frustration of design, don't get me wrong a ""parkour em' up"" with zombies is a fantastic idea but some of the more stressful and tense moments are absolutely wretched. For example when i was fighting the first boss called the Demolisher I became a bit frustrated and stopped playing the game after getting rid of all the zombies and virals in the pit, I came back a day later and not only was the Demolisher in the pit with me, so were the zombies and virals. making an already tough boss fight much harder when you get grabbed ever five seconds when you are trying to dodge the charging attacks. I died about 30 times because the zombies kept spawning in and all I chalk that up to is a glitch. There is also no checkpoint system when running through the sewers in the final confrontation with the antagonist making running from the volatile zombies much harder since you can get attacked mid air and fall to your death over and over again. This is shoddy work for level and boss design in my opinion. On the outside this game was a fantastic idea but deep down in its core there isn't enough work to keep people from being frustrated or mad at certain moments in the game.I like the concept but it doesn't feel like a properly tested game."
76561198038464888,Not Recommended,239140,14875090,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,CaptainWaffles7,"The game can definitely be fun, but too often sever glitches will appear, and usually game-upsetting or even game-breaking. If you don't have the EXACT hardware listed by Techland, then customer support will blame you and not fix the issue. If you have better specs than needed this can still happen to you, and Techland still will say it's your fault. If you really want to buy this, then wait a few years when they can't get too much money out of you - it's not worth it."
76561198011123517,Not Recommended,239140,15015823,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Elgindor,"Starts out cool and interesting. But by the end of the game the story and the game play lack the ability to keep you interested. Story tries to make you care but really it was hard to care or even get interested in the story half way through.Also where is the wall running and more parcore. Most of what you can do is in the trailer. This game had been getting patches because it needs it. Lets just say the Ending makes the whole game no worth it. I was super annoyed by the ending, felt like they didnt know where to go, you do not fight some awesome zombie monster or anything like that. Just a dumb press the button when it comes up on the screen fight. I would not buy this game or one of the series ever again. They have all disapointed when it comes to story. So much potiental so much wased."
76561197961129721,Not Recommended,239140,29766877,Posted: 7 February,all,Mad Gary,"Really fun for the first 20 or so hours, but after transitioning from the first area, the charm is lost and it feels like a real grind.  Mix in plenty of QTE button mashing, crafting that feels like really artificial filler and later enemies that become bullet sponges and it gets old fast.The graphics are great and plenty of the early game is a lot of fun, if you ignore the fetch and carry missions and just roam about killing and kicking - always be kicking.Buy it if it's on sale and you fancy a bit of co-op in a really pretty setting."
76561198072374432,Recommended,239140,32162495,Posted: 3 June,all,Postyy,100/100
76561198010423104,Not Recommended,239140,25895660,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,AcMaiden,"Loved the gameplay, loved the graphics, story was good for a zombie game althought the final boss fight was very dissapointing. I would probably have given it a 8/10.Thing is, I got this bug where you would loose ALL progression when you close your game and that happened about 1/3 of the time. I've looked for a fix on forums and nothing. The problem seemed to be a plague back at release and it looks like they fixed it at some point. But for some reason I'm stuck with it...And before you tell me, yes I know there is a ""fix"" that let you restart at the begining of the last main mission, but you will loose all of your gear, safe houses and even side quests completed. That made them totally useless so I just rushed trough the main quests and tried to finish this game asap before I loose my stuff again..."
76561198030125068,Not Recommended,239140,14628634,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Chivalric Chevalier,"Starts out fun enough, the platforming tutorial is pretty annoying. Gun play is nothing special and certainly not enjoyable, thankfully the melee is. Here's my major problem with it, however. The last mission completely destroys ANY sort of positive thoughts I had for this game. After this review I'm removing it from my hard drive. Here's why: At level 12 Survivor, you can unlock a grappling hook. What does this ENTIRE mission prevent you from using? Yeah, the grappling hook. My favorite means of getting around, since jumping around constantly is slow, and in some cases irritating. Secondly, the platforming itself. You can miss a jump by a small amount most of the time previously, and grab on to the ledge you missed. Not here you can't! No, you fall two and a half feet and mysteriously die. Lastly, and what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most by far... it ends in a ♥♥♥♥ing Quick Time Event. Why does this♥♥♥♥♥♥me off? Well, mainly because QTE's in this game are quick button prompts to get zombies off of you, or open things. But here, they decided to have a QTE for the FINAL BOSS. The developers can all eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never buying anything with thier name on it again."
,Recommended,239140,14443338,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Madbrownkid,Cracked an infants neck and proceeded to teabag its bloody corpse. 11/10
,Not Recommended,239140,17698952,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ciccio ciccio,"I guess that everything as already been said about this game, both considering its pros and cons. Personally i believe this could be a great game and its core is about coop playing. Unfortunately due to connetcion issues it is almost impossible to play with my friends, since we get disconnected about every 30 sec (our connection is stable, tre 3 of us using a 100mbit)"
,Not Recommended,239140,14205022,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kim Jong-West,"[Finally finished the game on Feb 2, 2015]ProsParkour, you don't need to fight the zombies head-on, you can just run straight to the objective!The slow-mo whenever you headshot a zombie makes it feel satisfying to kill.There are very cool ways to kill the zombies, which makes killing less repetitive!Can repair/upgrade/craft weapons.The game doesn't look so bad on Low settings.Controls are fairly easy to grasp, nothing fancy.Movement is fluid, which is nice.Co-op works well, also the loot is not shared! (Don't worry you can't get ninja looted! :) )Even when you get to the end-game, it still is satisfying to kill the hordes of zombies since you unlock new weapons by playing through the story!ConsThis game needs more optimization! I don't have a killer PC, but it is fairly good (i5 3570k, HD7870, 8gb ram) and I get about min 24 FPS, avg 35 FPS, max 90 FPS everything's off/low, no antialiasing, lowest render distance possible, 1920x1080. Edit : as of February, 2 2015 still no fix on performance issues, very dissapointing.Edit February, 18 2015 :Techland finally released a patch to improve performance issues, well... I went back on Dying Light, for a brief moment. I tried mixing a few settings togheter and found out that I can play 60fps on Low settings, 1920x1080, everything off. I expected to be at least able to play the game on medium, but whatever Techland's not getting any of my money ever again.It wasn't clear that you have to go through the prologue before being able to play Co-op mode.As the story progresses the characters become increasingly annoying, every thing they do is just so stupid.Very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending, it is comparable to Dead Island's...I also hate the effect when you're coming out of the water. It blinds you and nothing can be seen for a few seconds and it just gets really annoying as well, because it's not like your character can't wipe his face clean right?!The missions aren't all too varied, it gets redundant after a while.I also find that Dying Light is lacking end-game content to add to its replay value. Apart from ""Be the zombie"", there should be another mode where you're confined in a building with your friends or with random pubs. And you would be required to work as a team to defend against endless waves of zombies. Just my 2 cents.The story and the characters are interesting up until mid-game, afterwards when you get to the end it all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't make much sense. It also gave me an impression of déjà vu! - Dead Island *wink wink*On the other hand, the senseless killing can be nice to blow off some steam after a long day from work! Running around at night can also be really thrilling!6/10Will not play again, unless there is new content added.If you're planning on buying this game, try and get a few friends to buy it with you! This game gets a whole lot more enjoyable with friends! Get the Dying Light 4 pack, it's going to cost you 45$ each instead of 60$! - Even 45$ is too expensive for this game, wait for a big sale."
,Not Recommended,239140,14531878,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,KeeWii,"Even after the game has FINALLY been patched for AMD, there is still a whole section of the map that if you are facing it, your fps drops considerabely regardless.Regret this garbage purchase.$70 terribly spent 0/10 wouldn't do it again.EDIT: Still Unplayable on AMD after the patch - only a 6 - 10 fps increase overall. Still eyebleed.Give me my money back. .-."
,Not Recommended,239140,14628511,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Centar[d],"game was great.  gameplay mechanics were solid.  everything was awesome right up until the last 2 minutes.  another call of duty style hit ""w or a or s or d or f"" until the boss is dead ending.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ HAPPENED TO ACTUAL BOSS FIGHTS IN AAA TITLES!all that hard work to half♥♥♥♥♥the end game battle.  thanks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  climb an enormous ♥♥♥♥ing tower and what is your reward?  a sweet♥♥♥♥♥zombie massacre to end all zombie massacres with rockets and machine guns and hack and slash swords?  nope.  some ♥♥♥♥ bag haplessly wings around a machette while you try to time hitting one of 5 keys just right.  they even put auto saves after every key press because they knew HOW GOD DAMN FRUSTRATING IT WOULD BE IF YOU HAD TO DO IT 40 TIMES TO GET IT RIGHT!  It felt like I was playing Stepmania with a keyboard but WAAAAAAAAY less satisfying.♥♥♥♥ all of you.  Die in a fire.  ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198053328009,Not Recommended,239140,18210646,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hyrr Ulfr,"This game is so broken it hurts... I had my hopes up for it but is just disappointing.Seen a lot of people having issues with it, either lagging, crashing, not working and more.Me, in my case, i was one of those who couldn't even play it because the game wouldn't pass the loading screen to start the game, not even special modes like ""be a zombie"" would work. No fix in the internet ever worked. A fix is supposedly being worked on by the devs, but they don't seem to have said or done anything since the begining of the year other than ""send us your feed back! c:""Had to ask for a refund. Do yourself a favour and spend your money on a working game."
,Not Recommended,239140,18351723,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kabam,"Some of the worst ""parkour"" mechanics I have ever seen in my life, specifically with climbining/coming back down. You will die over, and over and over trying to get up giant power towers, then die 100 more times trying to get down. And then the game HAS THE GOD DAMNED AUDACITY, to take experience points from you, because you died to their flawed♥♥♥♥♥piece of garbage system.Couple this with a terrible TERRIBLE battle sytem, a TERRIBLE TERRIBLE save system, and you get a terrible game that has few moments of brilliance.The nights are fun, until you learn you can just hold shift and go to your destination with no danger whatsoever. The day was never fun, it's boring, the battling sucks, the AI sucks, the dull♥♥♥♥♥enviroment sucks.Save yourself some money and buy something else. This is garbage."
,Recommended,239140,14189635,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bashfluff,"Dying Light is what happens when Dead Island and Mirror's Edge had a baby, although anyone could expect that from the first game trailer. What I didn't expect is that Drying Light took the best of both games to make something that feels more like a true zombie game that almost any other.From Mirror's Edge, it takes the parkour, and given that I didn't like Mirror's Edge, I didn't expect to enjoy it, but it's become one of the defining reasons I'd give for why the game is good. What this game got that Mirror's Edge sadly missed was the first person platforming doesn't work in closed environments. Everything is nice and open so that you can stretch your legs, and almost anything that you can see can be climbed on top of or used to be climbed on top of other things, all while zombies can only shamble around as you dart past them. It's fluid in a way that few games are, and the sheer joyful fun that comes from the freedom to hop around is unmatched on this scale.This does somewhat contradict the established tone of the story, but the story itself isn't worth mentioning and not what I think we're here for, anyway.What is worth mentioning is that even with all of my run and jump prowess, I never stopped behind afraid of the zombies. Combat as rather frantic, as you have weapons that degrade and a small stamina bar for fighting  that makes it hard to take out even one of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Legging it is the better option most of the time, but it's not an option that comes without its own risk. Zombies can be almost anywhere, and while staying above the streets tends to be the better option, getting up there after you've fallen down can be tense if you're in a jam and don't have the time to check out what you're climbing on top of for the undead. Still, it never feels unfair. The game's controls are built around the freerunning mechanics and--for once in a game--surprisingly useful dodging controls. If you die, it's because you weren't prepared enough or cocked up a jump or didn't know how to handle yourself, 100% of the time.What I had wondered going in was how the game would handle its horror elements, The elements I've just mentioned make it tense, if nothing else. It does an adequate job at this with its atmosphere. That alone doesn't make it for me, though. If that was all the game had, I'd question the use of the horror tag.  What sealed the deal for me were the story missions. They take advantage of all the tools in the box to make you scared. In one mission a little ways in, for example, you need to hop into a sea of zombies and set up a few traps inside the hood of some cars. All you can do is throw firecrackers in the general vicinity of where you wanted the zombies to go towards and cross your fingers as your character turned away from the hoarde for a few precious seconds. Moments like this make the game shine, and there's enough in here to recommend. I don't know if I'd call the game horror with those story missions, either, but it's close enough that horror fans will find something to love.Still, I can't help but feel like the game is unrefined, somewhat. Scavaging is a chore and sometimes parkour can be frustrating with how fast you move. With the combat restricted as it is, the game can be somewhat of a bore at times, as you stick to the rooftops and prance above the town, more or less safe from danger. Once you get used to how to move around and get yourself out of a jam, there's not much the game does to spice things up to shake the feeling of security you begin to develop, which is disappointing. The ingredients are here, and the game does what it can to make use of them, but it doesn't come together in a truly wonderful way due to a lack of polish.What is Dying Light, then? Dying Light is unique, fun, and better than the games that inspired it, and what more can you ask for from a game? I'd recommend a price drop before picking it up if you're lukewarm, but if you're not bored of zombies and the parkour looks fun to you, it's an easy recommendation at full price."
,Not Recommended,239140,14471073,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Muzze the Mudslime,"- Bad performance, poor optimization.- Mash the F-button to open doors and turn valves.- Waste your time endlessly lockpicking chests and cars for pointless loot.- Escape stupid zombies with no effort, even at night.- Remember climbing those towers in Farcry 3 and 4? They are here as well. You will fall, die and have to reclimb these. Makes for really interesting gameplay.- Bored? Try the pointless PvP-system, with no rewards and no interesting gameplay.- Want more content? Collect flags, statues, notes and recorded messages. No purpose in doing this whatsoever, and they are placed in the most unimaginative way. They are everywhere, no sense of accomplishment in finding them.- Bad voice acting, bad story, stuffed with cutscenes.- INTERACTIVE CUTSCENE AGAINST THE FINAL BOSS.This is definitely a no-buy. Good thing paying is optional."
76561198122019476,Not Recommended,239140,14320919,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Lukkaz,"Fun game, but has some unforgivable flaws. Buy it when the price drops."
76561198016126608,Not Recommended,239140,14571055,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Viber123,"It is marketed under a different name, borrows heavily from Left4Dead2 and is simply a sideways moment from DEAD ISLAND to another under a different nameIf you liked dead island than this is more of the same.  If you feel it is not worth the money they ask for it like me, then just dont buy it"
76561198007140800,Not Recommended,239140,14588957,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Solokahnir,"Awful game. If you love this game, that's totally understanble - I am not in to bashing someone for their choice of games. I'm obviously in the minority, but I cannot understand why this game is even popular, much less lauded as an amazing game. The free running is a lesser-version of Assasins Creed - they even use hay stacks to jump in - but they are just a bunch of garbage bags. Literally, the entire tutorial repeats the same thing about 30 times, ""Look at the ledge and press RB"". That's it. Over and over again while occasionally clipping and getting stuck in the wall. I do not like the first person perspective, it feels like a lazy and cheap way to avoid animating the character. You'll spend the first 20 minutes finding and talking to Rahim, then running downstairs to change clothes, finding rahim again, picking up nails and a dead cell phone but not a working flash light, then you'll find rahim again, and you'll swear and use vulgarity for every other word - which truly dumbs down the NPC's and voice actors. The only way I can even tolerate the game is to mute the horrible voice acting. If you're an assasins creed fan, this game is a cheap and poor imitation of free running, its protagonists are hemaphroditic teenagers who cuss and wear weird clothing, and take about free running as if they are some sort of pararescue jumping navy seal badasses in a zombie apocolypse. This is one of the few games where I am truly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I cannot get my money back. After trying another hour or so, I've found the only fun thing to be how insanely easy it is to WALK by zombies. Why run on rooftops when the zombies fall UP stairs. Seriously, watching the mobs trip and fall is pretty amuzing. And as a final note, the one major thing I have an issue with now is the positive reviews of this games graphics. I havea GTX 980 - this game is cake for the card. The textures are static meshes over and over again, the zombies have one skin color, only a handful of clothing options, and their eyes do not even move. There is no reaction from the environment graphically, our stupid protagonist grabs rusty tin awnings with barehands, not sound, no creaking or giving way. So, I'm truly baffled at anyone who says this game has good graphics, they are, in fact, absolutely laughable for a game released in 2015."
76561197972232265,Recommended,239140,14281996,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Smike,just got the game today.i like it 8/10 not much a zombie person but its cool
,Recommended,239140,14234728,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,RT,"I ruff Dis gayme Sow March, Et Makeh Meh HappehI luff You long tyme Mr makeh of dis gayme"
,Not Recommended,239140,14347026,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Art Vandelay,"Poorly Optimized.Mediocre Story.The amount of post processing gives me headaches.Controls seem awkward regardless of user configuration.Voice acting can also be cringy at certain points.The individual leaves on the trees move so that's pretty neat, definitely a plus."
,Recommended,239140,14192412,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sneakiest bear,"Very good game so far, improves on Dead island in every way. Graphically it looks amazing, what I'd expect from a game in 2015. I haven't encountered any issues, no bugs, no frame rate issues, no crashes, nothing.Haven't gotten much into the story, but so far so good."
,Recommended,239140,14219893,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,damn good coffee,"Far dead island cry 2, call of the dying dishonered creed edge"
,Recommended,239140,14789051,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Runi,"no actualy light that is dying, rip"
76561198084576766,Recommended,239140,14256642,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,slewthy,Great Get it always. You will love this game if you enjoy twating zombies in the head with exotic weaponary!
,Recommended,239140,14235147,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Evester,Have been playing this game for a bit now with online co-op 4 player. It is an amazing game and their is so much to do! Me and my buddys spent like 3 hours alone just climbing on this bridge looting police vans completely unrelated to the quest lines haha. Recommended.
76561197962887750,Not Recommended,239140,22260825,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,El Hefe,"This might be one of the biggest headaches of a game I have ever played. Such amazing potential but a waste due to glitches, bugs, gameplay, controls and a brutally punishing first Act of the game. I hate using the word realism in a virtual world but when the game doesn't play by its own rules, you have a problem. This game feels more like a chore than entertainment. The Parkour is the only ""ok"" aspect of this game. It works smooth enough but you always feel like the game is trying to catch up to you at times, and not the other way around. Combat is almost comical and the first person view feels like a tumbling spaceship. I honestly believe Dead Island's gameplay was better than this...and that is not a good thing. Take away the Parkour fun runs and you have a terrible, horribly executed, chocolate covered, empty calorie waste."
76561198028160274,Recommended,239140,23467084,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,¿๖ۣۜCrAzYGaM€R,i rate it an overall 9/11. Not enough towers
,Not Recommended,239140,14751022,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Core,"It lags a lot even on the lowest settings, and for the most part I can get past it. But when the lag stops your from finishing a mission its to much don't buy till they fix the lag problem. Also wile your in a main or side mission theres no restart it does not seem like a lot but it gets annoying fast."
76561198117931999,Not Recommended,239140,16240378,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Virtual Anomoly,"wasted 40 ponds on this game to discover the sound doesn't work making the game basically unplayable, only buy this game if you like playing broken games with no sound.I WANT MY MONEY BACK"
,Recommended,239140,14235881,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Copperhead,its fun
,Recommended,239140,14212584,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Nanny,"Don't listen to some of the people here who claim that there is no day/night cycle. You have to progress through the first few missions to activate the day/night cycle. It makes sense when you play the game.Here are some of my grading criterias:Performance: I ran on the lowest settings possible. I don't have the best rig as I'm running on an Asus N56V laptop but it still runs at 60fps for the most part. Smooth gameplay. This may be subjective since I've read that a lot of other people are experiencing performance issues with their gaming rig for some reason. One being that they have an AMD gpu.Gameplay: Fairly solid. The progression is at a pace where the player is never really overpowered at any given moment. I haven't reached endgame content but special zombies and bandits are almost always dangerous.Only complaint I have is that some weapons are survivor level locked. This means that I can't use certain weapons until I have reached a certain level which ruins some of the realism but I can understand the rationale.Random events that the player encounters are exciting at first but it gets a bit stale after seeing the same random event for the 5th or 6th time.Graphics: I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its pretty but I wish I could tone it down more so I can run the game faster. But it hardly affects my game.A must buy? Hmmmm....I'll think on it. It's definitely a must have but is it worth the $60 I just spent? That's a tough question. (I get bored easily)It definitely is a premium release game. If the gameplay trailers here on Steam are appetizing to you, then go for it. Techland delivers all it has promised but not *every* single building is accessible. Which disappointed me somewhat. Not really haha."
,Recommended,239140,17354870,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,vasyan,"It looks like Techland learned all of their mistakes from Dead Island and made much better game.And somehow, blacks are trying to get to you first."
,Recommended,239140,14196902,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Reginald.,"I WAS having issues like all other Nvidia users where the moment somthing was happening frame rate would drop to unplayable levels and before i was about to give a bad review i checked my Geforce control pannel and realized i didnt install the newest update that states its game ready for Dying light, after the update the issues greatly improved.Overall it has issues but its only day 1 so keep that in mind when buying it"
,Recommended,239140,35508026,Posted: 5 October,all,Puy,jump scare simulator
,Recommended,239140,18156593,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,EQOAnostalgia,"(I own the game on console but had to get it again once i got a gaming rig on steam)Honestly, Dead Island was fun for a while when it came out but I found myself burned out towards the end. Dead Island Riptide... more of the same. Dying Light is what i wish Riptide would have been! The devs literally destroyed their former work! I like the more serious tone here. So let's break things down.Gameplay: Parkour... really that's all i need to say about it but i won't. It's very well done and jumping across rooftops,grappling up the side of a building and narrowly escaping death is a thrill! Especially at night when things get insane!Controls: Tight and responsive, if you've played Dead Island it's pretty much the same thing here with the addition of parkour mechanics.Graphics: The game looks beautiful. Great textures and really good lighting effects that shine through very well at night. It's a pretty game.Audio: A high point without a doubt! Just the main theme alone reminds me of the 80's. ESPECIALLY films like George Romero's Day of The Dead (which i HIGHLY recommend you all watch on youtube for free!) So it goes without saying the music is great. The sounds of the infected, the sounds of guns and impact, everything is perfect here!Story: Meh... the side quests have some interesting stuff but the main story is okay. Nothing amazing, nothing terrible, it's just kind of there.Side Notes: The crafting is great, the leveling mechanics are great and all in all i love this game. The VS mode is fun especially with more than one human player. I definitely recommend this game if you love zombies, love open worlds and love classic 80's horror flicks."
76561197991054324,Not Recommended,239140,18194509,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dutchy,This game is well made and well thought. But it's just not fun. I wouldn't recommend it.
,Recommended,239140,14531864,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nigig,This is the Perfact game if you Like Zombies + Mirror's Edge/ParkourGames
,Not Recommended,239140,20463454,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kourt Jester,"I played this game only to play with a friend and was dissapointed in the price i spent for it. The story is actually pretty bad and nothing special at all. It's filled with boring side quests of doing scavanger hunts, the only fun we had with this game was exploring and doing are own thing which is not worth the 40+ dollars spent on it. The DLC (Bozaks Horde) is boring, short, and not fun. Also when playing CO-OP you all need to be near at all times when doing ANYTHING in this game which is annoying beyond all hell.P.S Be the zombie is Broken and lame.Story: 4/10Gameplay mechanics: 7/10Overall fun: 4/10"
76561198027843842,Recommended,239140,14532180,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Predator,"This is the best zombie game i played so far, parkour with much variation of killing and amazing graphics, the story is good too, and after you beat the game you can still have fun with coop and zombie mode pvp."
,Recommended,239140,14505460,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BuryTheLiving,"The ending was ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. It had some bugs and nit picks here and there, but it was mostly fun. However, the ending, again, was ♥♥♥♥ing TERRIBLE. Honestly, the last mission felt completely thrown together, it was bad both mechanically and from a story perspective. It was just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,239140,24072302,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Grooted®™,"originally, i would have recommended.but now the shameless cash grabbing has begun, i just cant. season pass doesnt incl all dlc content (its only the following, bozak horde), which is seriously lacking when only one of those 2 dlc actually adds anything worth while.game itself is reasonable, got alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥and giggles from the bugs and glitches it had, co op was a must. be the zombie was a gimmick at best imo.if you really want it, dont buy it off steam. get it far cheaper from key stores (except G to the 2 to the A)."
,Not Recommended,239140,17653598,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Baron Von Melons,"I've had PowerPoint presentations that run faster than this game, $60 wasted on a PC lag machine..."
76561198073374815,Not Recommended,239140,24213006,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,savic316,way to hard.
,Recommended,239140,24431405,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,todead4life,-Jumped out of plane-Almost died before i started playing-Woke up and found out that i am infected-Play for a while-Went outside during nighttime-Heard a zombie baby cry-Killed the baby-Saw volatile-Instant regret-Volatile chased me for 5 minutes-Never going outside again11/10 Would kill a child again
76561198125312482,Not Recommended,239140,16374532,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,El Chapo2453,"I absolutely love this game but I am utterly devastated by the sad fact that my PC just can't run it! I'm frickin shell shocked because My PC is pretty powerful, with it it excels all of the minimum requirements yet it still fails horribly. I think it's because I have an Intel computer and DL is multi threading, that feels like thats the issue but I can't find a way to fix it, I hate to say this, but I have to refund this game. If your PC isn't very powerful, forget this game, its really advanced and take a lot of power. It's a Damn shame."
76561198055628129,Not Recommended,239140,14873563,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,onedirectionlover123,"The Reason Why Is Because When I Played Multiplayer, It Glitched Everyhthing On My Game, I Can't Even See Any Zombies, Few Buildings, Finally No People!"
,Recommended,239140,14579153,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,google pixel 2,Amazing game. Never gets boring.
76561198042894001,Not Recommended,239140,24389206,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,George,"While the game itself is fun, it has been buggy as hell and a crash-fest to boot. I feel that 'The Following' DLC is more fun than the original game, but there are plenty of bugs in both versions. Your mileage may vary, as they say, and some people DO get to play this without so much as a hickup - but it seems to be a lottery. Not even a fully patched and well performing system can guarantee a good gaming session. And the game seemed to be sabotaging itself and screwing up its own files somehow, I have lost count of how many times I had to 'verify integrity of game cache' just to download a file of two.If you have a chance to test this game on your system before purchasing, I'd advise you to do so (I'm not even sure if Dying Light has a demo, a benchmark or something, so that might not be possible).When you do get it to run well, it's quite fun, though some of the game mechanics are unbalanced - for instance, melee weapons break apart very soon (and can be repaired only limited amount of times) while ranged weapons have no durability stat and so function well forever, special zombies spawn almost constantly either when you make any noise (and almost everything makes a noise, even dying zombies) or just for the hell of it. The scripting is sometimes ridiculous - after plowing through an area and pretty much ridding it of zombies, new ones (and special ones at that) are instantly spawned just because you accepted a mission in the area. This makes it feel less like a living world and more of a staged drama. Some of these mechanics can be adjusted with mods, but the game doesn't seem to be all that open to modding.The day/night mechanic is interesting but can be more or less bypassed by clever use of safe houses. I found it to be even less relevant in The Following's area.I am on the fence about this one - when it could be coerced to work, it was more-or-less fun game (with several serious drawbacks), but more often than not, it just bugged out, failed to run or crashed. As I said, your mileage may vary, but for me, it's a thumbs down."
,Recommended,239140,21079487,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SkrrQuavo,"Honestly, i miss the feeling of when i first played the game but thats what makes it amazing. upon looking back, ive noticed that when i first bought it i felt lost and helpless and where night was literally something youre afraid of, not  because of jumpscares but because of the idea that youre going to die over and over again. but the game gradually leads you to believe that youre becoming a brutal god slayer, and it builds up your confidence to handle normally overwhelming situations in a creatively inventive way. With this i ventured into the night aspect of the game and it makes you feel isolated and underpowered. no matter you're level. and every step you take at night feels methodical, until you make a mistake and at that point it just becomes a panic strifen chase.after around 440+ hours i can say, its a really great game for what its trying to do. i mean if you dont like the style of the game, either due to the oversaturation of the zombie genre or weak story telling in this game, it probably wont be a good buy for you. however since there is a free demo permantaly out, try that and you mind find you love the gameplay.of course the amount of time ive pumped into the game, and i add i played this on my own a lot of the time, means i have gotten bored over time. this is a problem for every game i play nowadays, but for the £60 price tag i payed almost 2 years ago, it was definetely more than worth it. its the only games where i genuinely felt as if it was constantly entertaining me. i can recall the times if be amazed by how i didnt know where i was going yet everyplace felt distinctly different, and how the gameplay could quickly transition from a feeling of supierority in a combat situation during the day, and at night adapting for a slow and methodical stealth approach, and if that failed it would end up being a pulse raising cat and mouse game where youre the mouse.Night i found was a great aspect of the game. without it the game wouldve of surely lost many of its now current fanbase. And at first glance it seems to be something you go out in once youve become a certain level and are surely going to be worry free about dying in. but the developers implemented it in greatly by doubling the amount of xp earned while staying out at night. This provides initiatives for horribly under levelled people to explore and quite honestly scare themselves, and die unless they are amazingly good at stealth.oh and half the characters in this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you wish died anyways"
,Not Recommended,239140,24835387,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,)(Wyatt)(,"I hate the night. I die every time, i cant even get to a safehouse before i die."
,Recommended,239140,28048730,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,O Mawnos Manos,"dead island was a bit better, but this is great too!"
76561198114229514,Not Recommended,239140,22210693,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,KneeGrow,"The original Dying Light was really good.  The Following....not so much.  Half of the time you will spend playing the Following will be travel time, which, makes this game very very boring.  It gets very old, very fast.  I'm kinda disappointed I paid for it."
76561198030891580,Not Recommended,239140,17882391,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Andy,"Everytime I play, my pc keeps restarting on it's own."
76561198081358711,Not Recommended,239140,14469818,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,tyler the gay,IT KEEPS CRASHING I WASTED 60 DOLLARS AND I DONT KNOW HOW TO GET IT BACK SO DO NOT GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198072929868,Not Recommended,239140,20049886,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Calen,"the game is fun but the only consequence for die is losing a little bit of XP. You don't even have to restart missions most of the time, just respawn and go. Even on hard mode there is no challenge."
,Not Recommended,239140,14259252,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr.PoopyBhole,"Should have read more reviews before buying. After purchasing and running the game on my new system (running amd fx 6300, gigabyte gtx 970) I was so mad I could punch a baby! 6 Cores isn't enough for you is it Dying Light? No you need 8 cores and an intel i7 to run properly don't you?! There needs to be a patch made asap for AMD processors this is just depressing to think I was looking forward to this game for some time. Wish I would have just slit my wrist instead of purchasing this garbage. I use PC gaming for a reason, to run games smoothly and with nice frame rates. This is by far the worst PC game I have ever played, FIX IT!!"
,Recommended,239140,14449397,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TiltedPanic,I suggest you play Only Time by Enya as you delete half of your Steam library to make this game run like it should.
76561197965345660,Not Recommended,239140,14235687,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Fanatik =TE=,"My friends and I got this game primarily because of the the big whoop-tee-doo about 4 player co-op....  I guess were just a bunch of dumbasses, but I can't find any way to join another players game, or to host a game or to do any sort of co-op at all.  I;ve been through every menu option... tried reading the forums.... nuthin..... baahh.... another wasted $60..."
,Recommended,239140,15897429,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sabo,I really recommend this game.
76561198239543658,Not Recommended,239140,24412402,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,=7Cav=PFC.Zelazny.W,"If you're into slash and stash games, then you'll enjoy this. However, over time the game gets repetitive as all you're doing is (1) Avoiding zombies - until you salvage & create decent gear, (2) Attacking & killing zombies - based on gear you salvaged & created, and (3) Engaging in Parkour slash Assassins Creed maneuvers to move around. Furtheremore, are the amount of moderators and hackers engaging in online gameplay - taking the fun out of Hunter Mode.All in all, the game has a cool story and all, but the pricing does live up to its demand."
,Recommended,239140,22147796,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,123,"Most would say that there isn't any point in me making a review on this game because nobody outside my list of friends will see it most likely, but i'm merely making it to express how the game is to any of  my group of friends, or anyone else that sees this.Dying Light is an immersive zombie, parkour, survival game with the main focus on weapons and parkour. This is my favorite game on steam, and that's definately saying something. If you like zombie games that make you feel on edge at all times, trying to get off the street, staying above danger, and having to fight effectively, then you WILL love this game.Graphics: 9.1/10UI: 10/10Animations: 9.7/10Campaign/Story: 7.9/10 (Not the best story)Sidequests: 8.6/10 (Sometimes fetchquesty, but overall pretty unique)Crafting: 9.7/10Content Amount: 10/10Community: (Pretty friendly from my experience)Guns: 7.1/10 (Attract zombies and animations dont feel very immersive)AI: 9/10 (Very nicely done)Overall Rating: 9.9/10The reason I gave it this rating is because I feel it deserves it. It's an amazing triple AAA game, with great devs, great community, great features, and overall, my favorite game on steam.How many hours will you get out of this game no matter who you are? Between 40-1,000Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews, check out my profile."
76561198117275739,Not Recommended,239140,17332442,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nootie,"Got tired of the game real quick, even though I really tried to keep playing the story, it gets kinda boring, so I go to kill zombies with no purpose, which also gets boring real fast."
76561197973654845,Recommended,239140,14260690,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,artproject,fun co-op game.
,Not Recommended,239140,19179176,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Mister McGibblets,"Very repetitive. Might as well call it; ""Parkour simulator"" To get to a destination you have to parkour all the time. Only thing I really liked about it was how good it looked."
,Recommended,239140,14248510,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Der Führer,I swear to god if another game has the final boss be an action sequence where all you do is press like 10 buttons and then you win I will flip♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,21071245,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MichaelmKnight,"When Dying Light came out, I had a little bit of a life. I can say goodbye to that with the release of The Following. Totally amazing and immersive. Get it NOW!, Go on, what are you waiting for. Stop reading this... Yes You! Go..."
,Recommended,239140,17179100,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Level1noob,mah
,Not Recommended,239140,17212669,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,PLAYER SLOT AVAILABLE,"It looks so very fun to play. I watched streams and Youtube videos of people playing it.IT IS NOT FUN.It is the very definition of not fun. It is an open world game with the worst element the genre has to offer. Towers for you to climb, a story that takes itself far too serious.The story. That is my main issue with this game. It is awful. Characters you don't care about. Plot points that are supposed to invoke some emotion, but just ends up falling flat on its face. *Here is a zombie baby, please kill it and feel bad about it*. Sod this.This may be the worst game I own. And I own Hunniepop."
,Not Recommended,239140,17257707,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,hrdwdmrbl,"Ugh, pretty boring"
,Not Recommended,239140,22210073,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kairu,"This game, while having good reviews, was very disappointing to me. Difficulty spike goes up and down rapidly (walking through streets, no zombies. Giant zombie with sledgehammer kills me out of nowhere.) The zombie AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I legit was surrounded by at least 20 zombies while trying to arm a car bomb/trap, never got attacked.Overall this was a disappointing experience. Will be refunding.BEWARE: DO NOT GET OVER 5 HOURS OR ELSE YOU ARE SCREWED, WASTE OF 60$, EVEN MORE FOR SOME OTHER PEOPLE."
76561198162225011,Recommended,239140,31756348,Posted: 14 May,all,Puckom Picker,bretty fun of doing this looks really horror game at least 4 hours straight with a cook it wasnt there was the isis army and so the missles would you know the file and have a tentacle monster feet licked
,Recommended,239140,20194927,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jefferson,If Mirrors edge meet dead island and had sex they would have made this game
76561198043418252,Not Recommended,239140,14792185,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,priest865,"+ Gameplay/ControlsThe Gameplay of dying light is very good. You have various ways to distract zombies and kill them. The World is also filled with traps which can be used given the player unlocks skills to use them. After unlocking the third and last tier of abilities the game really is fun to play. With help of the grappling hook your way of traveling through the world and avoid obstacles completely changes. While climbing up something can be fun getting down is a complete different story. I died many deaths just to get down a tower. At times this can be even a frustrating experience. Thats why I am thankful for the existence of objects like  zip lines and trash heaps which can be found at most places.~ Inventory, Items, Crafting and UpgradingAt the beginning the player can only carry four weapons.  Of course it is possible to increase the amount of items the character can carry with the skill system. Weapons can be repaired 3-5 time depending on their rarity until they are completely useless. While limiting the amount of possible repairs is realistic it defeats the purpose of an upgrading and crafting system. Why create new items when they degrade that fast by using them? The only weapons which don’t degrade are guns.  I personally did not upgrade or create many items as the degradation through use takes all the fun out of the upgrading and crafting system.- Main CampaignThe main campaign is probably the worst campaign I ever played in my life. Many missions just allow for certain ways to play it. While the game is open world the story missions don’t allow for different approaches. Items like the grappling hook are essentially useless for most missions. There even is a mission where you are forced to use quicktime events although no other mission before even indicated that quicktime events were even part of the game. During the campaign some important character die. However the game utterly fails to create an emotional bond so you would care for the characters. All in all the story combined with the level design of the missions is a complete disaster.~ Skill systemThe skill system has three main trees: survival, combat and agility/acrobatics. The agility tree improves by climbing obstacles. The better you are the easier and faster you can jump and climb obstacles. The combat tree improves by fighting and killing enemies. The combat tree mainly focuses on melee combat and improves strength and attacks on enemies. Lastly there is the survival tree. It improves by doing quests and reacting to random events which occur in the world. Improving these abilities increases their levels which in turn gives points with which it is possible to unlock improvements for the character. Some Unlocks allow for increased inventory space other unlock a grappling hook or even a shield. Unfortunately the system is misused as an “unlock” system rather than being skilltree which reflects the growth of the character. Best example would be the inventory system. So what do I mean by that? There is an unlock for the ability to carry more weapons. However combat unlocks which improve strength of attacks which logically could increase carry weight don’t affect the number of carryable weapons. Unfortunately this is a problem with most games which try to combine Action with RPG mechanics.+ EnemiesThe enemies are diverse enough for a zombie game. Many enemies have their weak spots. While most of the time you will encounter the “walker” zombie which is slow there are areas where you can encounter stronger zombies, venom spitting zombies or “runners”. Also fighting humans forces you to a different strategy. As every human is a master of self defense in melee combat you are bound to use guns. That way you are forced to decide whether you use guns and attract zombies with the gun fire or just avoid them.- Dying light vs. Dead IslandThe game was developed by the studio which created Dead Island so is it better? Dying light is in terms of gameplay is a step forward as opposed to Dead Island. In Dead Island I had many encounters which to me were just unfair. The problem was it’s combat system. In comparison to that I never had that feeling in Dying light. If I died in the open world (not the story missions) I died because I made a mistake which I easily could avoid. In dying light it is also more important to be aware of the surroundings. Your approach is much more tactical. After all you can lure your enemies in deadly traps, use firecrackers to distract them or kick them of roofs. Unfortunately this is the only instance where Dying light shines. I rather prefer the tropical atmosphere of Dead Island. Although Dead Island has not the best story - it is a zombie game for crying out loud - I felt more connected to the characters in Dead Island than in Dying Light.Dying Light strifes to be more realistic in its approach. It does not have levelling enemies and hitting enemies where it hurts is more rewarding. The Skill system has no super powers and you have access to all the abilities with your character, there are no more classes. Still as the story missions are extremely lacking. You end up with a game where just the controls and non levelling enemies are better than Dead Island.- ConclusionDying light has really good controls running and jumping from roof to roof can be fun. Unfortunately this is the only good part of the game. Story, characters, item system and many more just aren’t good enough at all. Back when Dead Island first came out it got a very harsh critique. However at least that game allowed me to keep my weapons and had characters I felt some emotional connection. Not to mention of the campaign. It seems as if the developer behind dying light were only interested in creating an open world and good controls to move around in it."
76561198163883244,Recommended,239140,28604527,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Landocommando,Like Skyrim with parkour and zombies
,Not Recommended,239140,23655698,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,communist leader,buggy
,Recommended,239140,23994815,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Omi,Most Fav zombie game ! :D
,Recommended,239140,30883573,Posted: 1 April,all,Husky,I t has cat pictures.IGN 10/10
,Recommended,239140,15469669,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Puttiis,"An amazing, realistic zombie-survival from first person, with actual care from the developers! Heavily recommended!"
,Recommended,239140,20472864,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,☠-Notahealslut-☠,there's so much ♥♥♥♥ing oil on the road america wants to 'evacuate' the citizens of the countryside
,Not Recommended,239140,24240833,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,B L E E C h,Zombie open world fetch quest generator.
,Recommended,239140,29596338,Posted: 30 January,all,็  ็  ็,"Pretty fun game, but don't play multiplayer.  ♥♥♥♥ing toxic asf.  Just the same old people telling you that you suck and telling you that you are kid. They continue to say ""Mad bro?"", ""You're a kid"", and ""Your mom"".  Many are actually not kids probably but certainly ♥♥♥♥ing do act like one. I would recommend this and I wouldn't.  I'll recommend it anyway so more people can see this better hopefully."
,Recommended,239140,21076664,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ya boi,lol
,Recommended,239140,24757633,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,Best game ever
,Not Recommended,239140,21721298,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,C1ydeFr0g,"Keeping it short and sweet, unless you get the game drit cheap like I did I would avoid it. After beating the initial campaign, controls were still clunky as hell, fighting seemed l ike I would swing and hope for the best. There was no real system, no good way to block, dodge, combo. You can do these but they feel so awful. Climbing was absolutely terrible. Very few times can you get a good rythm going. Those people that said that climbing is so easy and everyone is a noob, have probably wasted at least 50 hours of their lives playing this game.Crafting sucked for the most part, you get nothing rewarding unless you grind like hell. Online is stupid,Graphics were cool, thats about it. The story was alright, amazingly short for a pretty large world if you ask me. Ya not much else to say. The game just wans't really that fun and the awkwardness of everything made it that much worse. Good job guys, all you had to do was take the best parts from every other parkour and put them into yours and you failed miserably at that. FYI I am not a noob, check my library and you can see ive played a lot of games in my time and this one was really a disappointment."
76561198046269001,Recommended,239140,15706075,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Basillic,"Parkour/Free running meets zombie appocalypse survival a thousand times yes, this is my most favorised concepts mixed together I love it <3The storyline is also pretty good I would say and it even has challenges to challenge the more competitive players among us.Players who want more out of this game can also play during night only and put on even more challenges for themselves.Playing in group brings forth a lot more concepts aswellOnly thing that I do not like is how they excluded be the zombie to prebuyers only. Sure the ones who did not prebuy can still play pvp as human, but not as zombie. Queuing up as zombie can also proof to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993694207,Not Recommended,239140,20888076,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Datek,"I wanted to love this game, and I tried hard, for hours, but just couldn't make it happen.  So much potential!  The reality is that the story is pretty bad, and the parkour just ruins the gameplay.  After several hours of falling off of roofs, I had to throw in the towel."
76561198212571176,Recommended,239140,22334868,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Seriously? | skinsjar.com,Zombies + Parkour + Car. Best zombie game ever.
76561198079346220,Recommended,239140,14303701,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,biohazard,"I have just one thing to say:I want a sequel, preferably in a snowy environment."
76561198075559538,Not Recommended,239140,21092396,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,wildthangksy,This game has vac yet the store page does not say it has vac. Huge amount of people have been banned by vac because of steam workshop mods for this game. Steam will not respond to this and has said all bans are final even though Dying light Devs have said its there fault for not disabaling modding in the steam workshop before enableing vac bans. So all the players using steamworkshop with this game get an automatic vac ban and cant fight it.
,Recommended,239140,24330295,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,up,An excellent game with never-ending tasks and fun
76561197972915932,Not Recommended,239140,16189027,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Andy,"UPDATE JULY 2016 - the following (SPOILERS):After playing a few hours one day I found myself loading Far Cry 4, which I have already finished, just roaming the land or playing outpost master, because it is still more fun than DL-The Following.Why? Because The Following is as tedious as the original. The car breaks even faster than the weapons, every third box, locker or car needs to be lockpicked, the map is too dark (why?) and you have to learn the roads by heart for driving (no indicator like in Far Cry). All this, plus the annoying day/night cycle make the game just no fun to play. So today I checked out he ending(s) on Youtube, and they are both unhappy endings. I am not playing an incredibly tedious game with beautiful graphics and great parcours running (I give 'em that) for hours only to see an ending that sucks - ♥♥♥♥ You Techland - I am done with the Dying Light series.Dying Light review:Single player is incredibly booooring! Takes a long time to get good weapons, weapons break easily (metal parts are made of paper in this crapfest of a game). The day-night cycle is just tedious: if you don't have good weapons you have to wait out the night by going to a safehouse and sleep instead of continuing with the mission. Open world may be good (the graphics are, I give them that) but in this case it's just all the same - at least it feels that way. And you can't drive any vehicles (at least in the first few hours I have played) ...sucks.If you want to buy, wait until there is a sale, where it's at least 75% off. More than 5 bucks I would not pay...."
,Recommended,239140,25266893,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ein,good night good luck
,Recommended,239140,17134499,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Rynsloth,This game is very unique its one of a kind and is very fun with friends it has the same blueprint build like dead island and its great
,Recommended,239140,14214037,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,xinio,CREEPY
,Not Recommended,239140,21882801,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Simon_says,"♥♥♥♥ this game. When it works it's really fun. But it poorly explains it's own mechanics and when you figure them out on your own sometimes they just don't work. The story is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I just got fed up with it. Score needs to be much lower, this thing does not deserve a 90%."
76561198111980195,Not Recommended,239140,21914642,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,eggroll540,"is fun for a couple of hours they charging me 20 dollars but i can post this review cause i paid 60 dolllars last year, america."
76561198040888405,Not Recommended,239140,21889653,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tushypushy,This DLC bad. People say driving not necessary.... not necessary but HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Car breaks very quick and makes you run across massive world. Much boring. Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would commit suicide again.
76561198108626307,Recommended,239140,14550085,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,QUACK,:)
76561198065833669,Not Recommended,239140,20771652,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,♥Tissemannen♥*hellcase.com,TOOK♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HARD
76561198162818415,Not Recommended,239140,21552604,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,razvanalbu,"After playing over a hundred hours of the initial Dying Light, I might say I am a little disappointed by the DLC. The game turned from an action packed, parcour filled sandbox, to a Carmageddon with zombies. The idea of ""looking behind every corner"" is dead and gone. The idea of using your parkour skills to escape and sh*t hit the fan is also gone. Almost everything that made the initial game a beautiful game ...is gone now.On the plus side, the story is still 5 stellar. The characters have substance, the story is good and with twists, the weapon upgrades are still there. Frankly...I don't think so high of the buggy upgrades because they are few and because... I didn't pay to play Need for Speed or another ""tune-your-car-up"" game.Oevrall , I recommend it to Dying Light hard core fans....otherwise better wait for a sale."
76561198160166619,Recommended,239140,14508250,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,PowerPotion,This game is awesome! The parkour is totally worth it and killing zombies never gets old. It's even more fun 2 invade some ones's game while being the zombie!
76561198116756594,Recommended,239140,14191195,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Pagefile21,"8/10 game. 10/10 fun factor. One of my most played Steam games. Hurry up Dying Light 2, and Hellraid!"
76561198058348813,Recommended,239140,16103970,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,=SWFT= Kix,One of the best games i have ever played by far. The story is great and the co-op is just well rediciously fun. 10000000000000000000000/10.
76561197991436110,Not Recommended,239140,19798025,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Gomer Pyle,"The entire game cant decide whether it wants to be realistic or not.  Im fine with either, but this half and half♥♥♥♥♥♥is kinda stupid.   The weapon selection starts normal, but gets out of control later.  The parkour/free running itself is a great idea and really well done, but the falling from heights and suffering minimal dmg takes away from the whole experience.  There is no risk for the reward.   OK fine,  its a video game......but what kinda fatty special forces operative is Crane? how the ♥♥♥♥ does he get tired from swinging a wrench a couple times.  To fix the games end play the beginning suffers huge nerfs to all the player stats/weps and it hurts the game.  Basically a maxed out player is what you think it'd be, so to compensate and create a nice progression you start as a harmless lil bunny.  Like a dozen+ hits to kill a single common, but someone with some out-of-this-world weapon 1shots it?!?  If youre gonna emphasize running and avoiding zombies, then why even bother with a 1shot weapon?  Either make zombies tough or dont.  Basically they are only tough until you get out of the realistic early part.   I found it really hard to get into this game then contine.The game wouldve been better more realistic, or less realistic.  But it stradles the fence and now my balls just hurt.Worth the sale price, not worth full price.  If youre looking for a good game from the past year, just get the Witcher3."
76561198066124595,Not Recommended,239140,19977835,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Boner?,"This game is good from the start yes but when you fight enemies your ♥♥♥♥ed even if you sneak attack on them, they're bound to win the fight,You need to fight enemies to go through the game but if they are OP as ♥♥♥♥ you can do♥♥♥♥♥♥till better skills"
76561198216179335,Not Recommended,239140,19467601,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bengtongaming,"If you have a high end pc this will run good,but with a medium end pc like mine it runs like crap. So be careful when purchasing this game and check the recommended settings before purchase."
76561198033260336,Not Recommended,239140,19602962,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,(Ai) D3L3T3D™,"Looks to be a good game. Just unfortunate that I cannot get to save the dying dude right (who is probably dead by now) in the beginning of the mission. Find the Alcohol and the gause. I found the damn alcohol after consuming a few litres myself, but the gause is nowhere to be seen.I got so damn sick of running around looking for the damn gause, that I felt like vomitting! So I gave up completely.This game is just a white elephant for me at the moment, unless someone can help me find the damn gause!!"
76561198072095794,Not Recommended,239140,19974503,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kosmonaut,"4/10 --Good map, nice fluidity for Parkour. BUT: Stupid Mechanics, Stupid visual ""enhanments"", Pixelated graphics, Over-used game weapons, Idiotic Trading and Crafting system, HORRIBLE Inventory and Menu navigation, Dumb AI, really bad voice acting and characters."
76561198148763222,Not Recommended,239140,19061309,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,AbandonShipp,Wonky controls and can't change button presets. No thank you.
,Not Recommended,239140,18865813,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Cuchulane,"I have mixed feelings about this game because of the ""parkour"". The reality is, much of the game is a platform game, it's just that the platforms are in 3D. There are many, many missions tied to running and jumping just right, every bit as much a platformer approach as any Mario game. I hate platform games.Everything else is really well done though, so it's a somewhat hesitant Yes vote.Editing review to a No. After more hours of play, the mechanics are showing to be less consistent, more annoying, and the game is just dull."
76561197967822305,Not Recommended,239140,20477519,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Diarrhea_Margarita,Cant play this game its way too slow and and most of my gamer friends cant play it either. I have a quad core AMD a10 with 16 GB ram and 2 gb video card and I move so slow like a snail...wished I didnt buy it maybe I can play it when I have I find 2k for another new pc.
76561198065091596,Not Recommended,239140,25224303,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jetmoo,"Well it's a fun little game for a couple of hours of sitting clicking Ready in teh lobby with your friends.Should you actually get to join a game together then it's quite a tense little asymetric affair with minigames such as 'Hunt the generator among piles of things that look like generators', or 'press space repeatedly', 'mash A and D' or 'perfect your golf swing (sorry, fix a generator or a broken bone)'It is fun, but the fun comes more from interacting with your friends than the game itself and that makes the frustratingly unreliable lobby and sub-par matchmaking system all the more unbearable."
,Recommended,239140,30845727,Posted: 30 March,all,Aoao,dyinglight 2 . plz
76561197969937579,Not Recommended,239140,20715143,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Voltas,"I have a limited amount of time to play games. Life happens and one just doesn't have the hours in a day. When Dying Light was on sale I grabbed it up and was ready for some zombie fun.Now lets be clear. I took all the defaults. I read the tutorials and was gently working my way through the first few missions. My first one at night happened and right when I walked out of the building all this crap started poping up. Now its scary enough for a new player at night and I didn't know what was going on. There was no tutorial, not opt-in/out, no real indication that another player had joined me. Just a fast stream of information about infra read flashlights and grabbing you. Well, I had firecrackers equipped and the hit said I hit [-] key to change to this infrared light (I didn't even know I had). I got pounced and died. Notice the monster was names ""have tones of stuff to sell"". Interesting monster name... I spawn back in, pounced, dead. I get informed that I am losing something and just dieing repeatedly in the dark. Finally out of absolute frustration, I quit the game WHILE getting pounced by ""I have tones of stuff to sell"". How demoralizing can gameplay get. This single player game turned into a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm.I now have some time to look through the config settings and try to figure out how to equip this UV flashlight. I never do and think I might have to be in game to do so. I think I got it figured out and head into the night. IMMEDIATLY, crap starts telling me about a nest and hunter and UV flashlights and eqiuping them with a button that doesn't work. POUNCE...DEAD. POUNCE...DEAD (while in config menu). At this point, I'm still unsure of what is happening. I start to suspect that this is some multiplayer aspect that I got defaulted into and then I start getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Did you just insert me into some multiplayer crap as a default and let me get chewed up as a newb by some douchbag that sits in his parents basement and giggles while greifing new players?I""m sure someone is going to say that there was a setting and that I should have set the game to private if I didn't want it. THIS was the DEFAULT, I was not given a tutorial or information I was being inserted in a multiplayer component of this game. Only after I read the internet and found out this was an added feature did I find the crappy UI config screen to turn the♥♥♥♥♥♥off. AND THEN AND THEN I get a pop up when I play asking me if I want to participate in multiplayer ""hunter""♥♥♥♥♥♥or go solo.This is crap, and wasted 30-40 min of my little bit of video game time. Horribly implemented and from what I read its unbalanced.Thanks for pooping on my gaming night with a horrible implimentation of your stupid multiplayer 1v1 greif festival."
76561197976338019,Recommended,239140,24088383,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zook the Crook,Fun
76561198028846053,Not Recommended,239140,15079212,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,masshold,Do not buy this game.The game restarts your computer randomly. It is not related to cpu or other temperature. It is a performance issue related to the game system.And if it restarts while the mini-save symbol appears in the bottom-right screen - you will lost all your save data.You have to play at the very beginning of the game to continue.  It is really disappointing.
76561197993260120,Recommended,239140,30879738,Posted: 1 April,all,Memorex29,I wish i had more hands so I can give it 4 thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,239140,21242198,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bwyan,"Devs are not taking the Linux community seriously. They only go as far as to support the closed source AMD Catalyst driver to get their ""compatible with Linux"" stamp. Have been sending them information that they have requested to look into open source AMD drivers (which by now are more than compatible with the OpenGL version required), but haven't even gotten a reply back for about a week now. Stay away if You are using AMD on Linux and get crappy performance with the Catalyst driver (just like the rest of us)."
76561197999615156,Not Recommended,239140,14693088,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sir Doge,"Waste of time, the ending is close to impossible, being followed by a horde of fast zombies, that kick you into a hole in the sewage system, then, you have to RESTART all of the running phase. Which is pointless, Id better watch the ending on youtube rather than waste  my time with this. If you are looking to a good gameplay, its somehow enjoyable, other than that, story wise? its♥♥♥♥♥♥and typical, its pretty impossible to end this game."
,Recommended,239140,32709906,Posted: 23 June,all,Nabro,Parkour and Zombies. What more do you want?
,Recommended,239140,32703279,Posted: 23 June,all,C'MERE GRUMPY BOY,dropkick
76561198048721913,Recommended,239140,30281899,Posted: 2 March,all,Dishonorable,this game is not for cheeky muppets it is for parkour gurus by now pls+ u can kill zombos
76561198060575670,Recommended,239140,23759618,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✞Diccy ✞,Crane  the power is out go check it outCrane goes to check it outTheirs the power boxTheirs a giant zombie in the wayCrane kills the zombieMission completed4000 Survivor PointsWash hands and repeat.
,Recommended,239140,32717869,Posted: 24 June,all,Morty Smith,Does this face look unsure to you?http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/567/795/683.jpg
76561198079565599,Not Recommended,239140,32968416,Posted: 28 June,all,Jishae,"The game is cool sure, it's like dead island which is an open world zombie killing rpg. HOWEVER, this game has parkour in it. It also claims to have full controller support. Now I play most of my games with an xbox microsoft controller and the layout that they have you have to use right bumper to jump and grab on to ledges, which is terrible AND you can't switch it to a convient button like A so I decided to just use mouse and keyboard instead. Even after doing so I still find that the parkour mechanic is way too clunky and I dont find the game fun because of it."
76561198206113088,Recommended,239140,19064641,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Seth,IT WONT LET ME PLAY
19459548584812818,Recommended,239140,33056597,Posted: 30 June,all,booZe,"Gud gaem 10/382. Liek the gampley, give me hard peepee."
,Recommended,239140,32425523,Posted: 14 June,all,ReapersAspect,this game is gay at the start this game takes alot of time before this game is considered play able. if you wanna waste the 3 hours it takes to get to that kicking♥♥♥♥♥parkouring monster thing then you have to play for those three hours
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,239140,30894756,Posted: 2 April,all,matt1184,Garbage.
76561198143684768,Recommended,239140,14288319,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,jaemin,This game is basically:Mirror's Edge + Far Cry 3/4 + Assassin's Creed (climbing/parkour/stealth)Who wouldn't want that? Get it now!
76561198016223092,Not Recommended,239140,19932939,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,7ux3,"6core 3.8ghz ,8gb ram Nvidia gtx970Stuttering, low fps makes the game terrible.I started out on max everything 1080 and that worked good untill the tutorial part was over and i was free to go outside.For about 20min it continued to work and then BOOM stuttering, lag ..Restarted and lowered settings. works a few min and BOOM stattering and lagRestarted again and put everything on lowest and it did not help anything, still lag and stuttering.PlayingBF 4 MAX everything 1080 no problemsRainbow six seige MAX everything 1080 no problemsI will wait for some more updates and see if they can fix the game, I am not alone with those problems"
,Recommended,239140,25276146,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tinkier,Noice
,Recommended,239140,25475678,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,xSymphonic,Meh.
76561198038457676,Not Recommended,239140,24961799,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Foof,"Where to begin?Cons:- The voice acting is terrible. The game setting is a fictional Middle Eastern-ish city, yet everyone is talking with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ accents that either sound russian or spanish. One would think they could have made an effort to hire suitable voice actors, but no.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skill trees. The amount of useless/counter productive skills is amazing, and some of the skills are just frustrating to use because they are triggered accidently when you are performing another action.- Pathetic element in co-op called Competitons"". Random competitions will pop up in multiplayer. This is absolute horse♥♥♥♥♥♥because the button you use to start a competition is the same button you use for medkits. So if you want to heal, and a competition decides to start before that, you start a competition instead of healing yourself. Thankfully you can disable this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ function in options, and is recommended you do so.- Athletic zombies. 50% of the zombies are cannon fodder and walk like a drunk. The other 50% dodge like Neo in Matrix, jumping backwards, forwards, sideways, and ducking when you try to slice them. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanic.Avoid this game like the plague. It's poorly made, the story is insanely boring, the voice acting is pathetic, and most game mechanics will make you smash nearby objects.Pros:The game felt like a hooligan simulator when you throw molotovs and stomp on heads. Badass."
,Recommended,239140,22690896,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ム Pyzel | csgoatse.com,10/10 zombie survival game!
76561256313434985,Recommended,239140,25940591,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,♛Merk♛,"Bought this game around 5 pm 10/8/16 stopped my session at 1:50 AM 10/9/16 Pretty great got the enhanced + all dlc for 30 $ great value , love the game and great with 3 other people for co op"
,Recommended,239140,28603382,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Diamond Dog,"Landing in present day Liverpool, England. You treck across many rooftops and garages avoiding NEDs to find the dole-working chav who stole yer mums credit card last friday night in bar."
76561198282122342,Not Recommended,239140,28450185,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Jk Ibanez,"This game offers a great feel, environment, and sense of mobility when it comes to being stuck in a city full of flesh eating monsters. but it just ended to quickly when it came to the storyline, and i just lost momentum when i found myself standing on a roof looking at 100+ zombies and seemed like the only thing to do was kill everything out there that was moving, thats when i turned off the game and played something else, if you like crafting, slaughter, parkour style then this is that game for you"
,Recommended,239140,31145744,Posted: 14 April,all,QueeF Machine,Highly recommend but the only reason i dont own it is bc i couldnt run it and the sale ended so i ended up with 20 bucks and instead pirated a copy to enjoy at a♥♥♥♥♥♥resolution but still a great game
76561198026723490,Not Recommended,239140,25972763,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,LilJew,feels like a really bad indie game
76561198060325123,Not Recommended,239140,25998048,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Sesticles,"I am going to make some thing very clear that I wish some one had for me before I wasted my money. This is not a zombie killing game. This is a clunky parkour simulator that uses cookie cutter zombies as an incentive to stay off the ground. You really can't fight zombies even if you wanted to because your weapon breaks after killing two of them, then you have to scavenge for an hour to find more parts to build a new one. After about an hour of busy work boring story line to start off you finally get to something that resembles a mission, but it's just more climb and find, go fetch me missions. Once I realized this is all this game is.... I had spent more than two hours playing it and steam refused to give me a refund on this snore. Total waste of money if you think you are going to do anything but virtual parkour. I really don't understand how this game has such a high rating.... parkour fanatics must all be giving it the go."
76561198006667905,Recommended,239140,31155069,Posted: 15 April,all,Bender,"It's like Half-Life, but doesn't suck."
,Not Recommended,239140,30245674,Posted: 28 February,all,TheMikeSem,"Really wanted to like this game. Gave it more than a few chances, but the story and open-world are very hollow. It feels like an ubisoft game with a big open world and very little substantial content to fill it. Also the combat makes you feel underpowered for a long time and the parkour has elements that feel unintuitive even after 12+ hours of play. Definitely not a terrible game, but one I can not recommend as I felt more frustrated than entertained the whole time."
,Recommended,239140,17908212,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,<''Victor'''>,"Yes, This is a good game.... but there is a lot of hacker that can duplicate all the things in this game. Pls fix this and band those hackers."
,Not Recommended,239140,19423884,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Uncle Drew,crashes everytime i open it the next day i had it.
76561198150889278,Not Recommended,239140,14560860,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ghostwarfare,Frame rate is commplete crap
,Not Recommended,239140,31402099,Posted: 27 April,all,DRGNprincess,"This game isn't poorly made. It's just severely rage enducing.There are so many deaths that are completely unpreventable or you acted on instinct and ended up dying because of it. What's worse is that the game retains everything when you die. You're mission progress isn't lost when you just faced an unpreventable death, as if it's saying you're incapable of beating a mission without dying."
,Not Recommended,239140,17439318,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,[TPCK] Skarekroww,"This game is a very good game but personally i liked it when it first came out. When the game was released you could play with everyone wither they had mods or not, which was awesome. Few patches later you are no longer able to play the game with mods. Taking away the ability to mod the game was a bad idea, the first few dats nexus was filling up with mods, few patchs later and since you can no longer mod it's died more than your zombie kill count.If you want a really good game with a fun multilpayer buy this game.if you're expecting to do what all good open world games are good for and mod the hell out of it don't buy this gamethe lack of modding is disturbing sorry but it makes this review negitive to an amazing game"
76561198079725226,Recommended,239140,14216651,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,⚑BannerMan⚑,I don't usually write reviews but this game deserves it 100%.  I could literally write a book about all the things I love in this game.  From the parkour to the amazingly fun combat to the beautiful graphics to the remarkably good AI and the surprisingly interesting story so far.  Also I can't comment on co-op since I have not tried it yet though I definitly plan to.  Just want to put in a warning here that if you have AMD I can't recommend this game but if you have NVidea then WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!?!?!?!?
76561198101261197,Not Recommended,239140,15116136,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,fooldude373,"this is supposed to be a zombie survival game but all you do is jump off the roofs, search for certain objectives. It just didn't seem as open world to me, very linear. I only played two hours but I think a game's first two hours shouldn't be this boring..."
,Recommended,239140,14243875,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,WAAAAAAAAAAA,When mama ain't happy.Nobody happy.100/100
76561198028721317,Recommended,239140,14232965,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Last Phase,Beautiful graphics and storyline is great! looking forward to see what comes next as i play more!
76561198006720180,Not Recommended,239140,14459813,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Stephan Paddock,"Positives-  Great Graphics-  Beautiful World Environments- Fantastic Parkour System- Co-op is always a plus- Decent Dialogue (Some cringe-worthy lines, not enough to detract)Negatives- Cliche Story (very boring very quickly)- Build-a-Bear Weapons- Very Little End Game Content- Boring Characters- Significant Problems with PvP mode (Good luck finding a game even with Quick Join)- Quick Time Event Ending (The Only QTE in the WHOLE Game!)- Grapple Hook almost negates Parkour elementStory line is very cliche and lack luster, simple copy and paste story of every other zombie game. Only good thing about it is the parkour element, but with nothing to do that slowly drains the life from the game. Zombie mode is only difficult if you are new to the game or haven't spent time learning your tools and parkour; that goes for both the zombie and the human players. Zombie can be a big chore to play until you earn all the skills, human players start with all the abilities to stomp, even very good, Z-players as long as they keep their head.The open world is fun mixed with the parkour is a strong pull for the game and the graphics are nothing to sneeze at, so long as your computer can manage the graphic demands.Game is still plagued with hiccups and lag spikes during coop and Z-invasions. Sorry guys, but this games special gimick only lasts so long. If you want to stomp as the Zombie you'll have to grind for those skills, that is, if you bought the Pre-order. I've no idea when/if they plan to release it, Zombie Mode, to the rest of the systems."
76561197979204552,Recommended,239140,14532771,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,flpcrkr,Good game lots of jumping
76561197991312228,Recommended,239140,14630547,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,stdanro,This is one of the most fun zomby games I played untill now.
76561198150745070,Recommended,239140,14628345,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Zombie Lord,i play this game on a celeron processor and the game only runs at 10 fps.....and i still get a huge rush from this game i love this game and i cant even play it at its full potential thank you techland for this game and i cant wait to get a new computor so i can do youtube videos on it :)
,Recommended,239140,19853593,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Denial #freetayk,good game but bought right before christmas sale was happeningrip me'
,Recommended,239140,14532227,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kill Shill,Good.
76561198179401257,Recommended,239140,14629717,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,the fallen,YOU NEED IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,239140,20826860,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ScruffyTheJanitor,"Was fun for a while, but I had to write a negative review because the final boss fight is just a series of quicktime events. Fail one button press and you have to restart the whole fight from the beginning. It was very frustrating and anti-climactic."
,Recommended,239140,20222487,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Desmo,Pretty geeeewd
,Not Recommended,239140,17475341,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,audiosnipez,You need a realllly good computer with this . AT LEASTR i7 and 16 with a ssd
,Recommended,239140,20591091,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ABSA,Its like GTA 5 just differentReally amazing game 10/10 would bang a zombie
76561198091203454,Recommended,239140,20321097,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MUMSON,sunsetting simulatoris goodenough said
,Recommended,239140,20052854,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,zuppaclub,the best survival zombies game I've ever playedadding steam workshop makes it even better XDcan't wait for DLC the following
,Recommended,239140,14243798,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ProKira [Most Ningen of Ningens],"Game is awesome as far as Iv'e played, the only problem is, people hate playing against the Night Hunter, why is that?When I join as a zombie in their game everybody quits.."
,Recommended,239140,14502957,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,WarMongerElite,"This game is amazing, if you love zombies and parkour this is the game for you!"
76561198086162454,Recommended,239140,14231938,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mr. Mosquito,this game is sooooooo good that i had to kill zombies
76561198035945370,Not Recommended,239140,14552988,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Malsain,"Parcour my♥♥♥♥♥Make normal ending level in the game, would you!?I came to kill zombies, not to play a 3D equivalent of some old school die-a-lot 2D platformer!"
,Recommended,239140,14578657,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,H3X,"Jump off a bridge land on the ground, survived cuz of my mad parkour skillz10/10"
76561197976856820,Not Recommended,239140,18411030,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,trumpcuck1337,"piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game wont launch, dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,239140,18417720,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Fable,"I disliked this game on steam because of all the lag, although my system met the recommended requirements!"
,Recommended,239140,14236656,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ando,brillant game once you get used to a few things here and there
,Recommended,239140,18779387,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CwabTwee,"Best free run Zombie game out currently. This aint no sneak and squeak. This is a scale walls, climb buildings and beat the crap out of anything that gets in your way. Sometimes with a big a$$ sword with fire on it!     Murica'"
,Not Recommended,239140,18216524,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Llama,.
,Not Recommended,239140,17213268,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,hermano birb,Decent Dead Island CloneWorks alot better and has some new things but basically the same thingIts nice i guess but its not worth half the asking price♥♥♥♥in thing sucks
,Recommended,239140,19850646,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Supen,This game is so bootful. You go the jumpy jumpy and stuff. You bobble on heads and crouch and stand really fast. 10/10 would rate again. And also ObeseSausage doesn't this much.
,Not Recommended,239140,14981454,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,- StarVip -,i don't like this game
76561198058057123,Not Recommended,239140,15851376,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vraak,"This is a real ripoff. I bought the game for the full price, it has taken hours to download and when I can finally play it the world is glitched. The menu screen instead of having a city background has a completely empty white background and when I start a game after the cutscene I'm simply left in an area that has a blue sky and no floor or walls.I want my money back or I want you to fix it."
76561197972860888,Not Recommended,239140,32575585,Posted: 19 June,all,Robere_Renaissance,Did not expect that this game would still have unfixable gamebreaking bugs this long after the release... no sign of developers caring
,Recommended,239140,32585559,Posted: 20 June,all,Carbiniz3r!,"Absolutely Salty i did not give this game a shot at release. Rediculous amounts of content. Great physics, enhanced melee combat. This game packs everything. On top of the fact that now they just announced 10 more DLC's for the year for free along with 1 micro DLC free coming as well."
76561198204028884,Not Recommended,239140,16379631,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,akadogs,It lags so bad the cursor was like 1.5s behind what It was actually at.
,Recommended,239140,19932762,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Kappa,THIS GAME SO GREAT AT ALL ! XD
,Not Recommended,239140,20954609,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,FakeMoth,"Not even starting on Linux (openSUSE Leap here), a plethora of users complaining, no support or answer via email from the publisher and no refund from Steam. Thanks dudes!"
76561198246261758,Not Recommended,239140,19125609,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,xXSlyCooperXx,"This game was the biggest let dwn in history. I dont have a very powerfull gaming pc, but it still runs everything at a nice pace with only a small but of lagg like a tiny drag on the cursor. But this game takes the cake on lagg. On the lowest resolution and the frames per second, this game is still on of the laggiest i have ever played. i did not get 5 minutes into it before i blew my head because it was so unresponsive. This game should only be downloade dif you have a powerufll gaming pc or if you buy it on disc. Console players shouldnt have a problem."
,Not Recommended,239140,19357797,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,keskodubstep,"The idea behind this game is great, decent content and alot of stuff to do for a while.However, the online features is very bad, specially if you are playing a Zombie. Takes way to long to find a game, and there arnt much online activity. And people being able to use trainers (cheat) for online gameplay, just makes it even worse.Have had some nice fights where its been really equal and fun, but overall its lacking alot to be anything more then just a singleplayer game.If you do like singleplayer games, with plenty to do for a while then buy it.If you do like multiplayer games, then look for something else as the multiplayer features here are very bad aswell for no protections for cheating players.-Even my steam account says 8 hours played, ive had this game for 6 months on playstation aswell. Just bought it due to sales on steam, to check it on PC."
,Recommended,239140,30366337,Posted: 6 March,all,the third splash lord,"Dying LightProsAmazing to mess around on with friends.Great parkour system.Leveling up your character and getting new skills makes you feel more and more powerful.Day and night cycle works perfectly, with night time being extremely fast paced and intense.Great weapons and good repair system.ConsStory that takes itself to seriously ends up just laughable.Side NotesI got this title on sale for around $25 instead of the $60. Unless you know what you are getting into, I'm not sure if this title is worth $60.I have 9 hours played on Dying Light at the time of writing this review.One of the best zombie games I have ever played.The game is miles better played with funs that also enjoy it.SummaryDying Light is an incredibly innovative Zombie genre game. The parkour system sets it apart from any other game of its kind, and the coop is crafted perfectly. The more you play, the more powerful you feel, as you level up your skills and choose how you want to fight zombies. The day-night cycle is great, and you still manage to feel tension while exploring Harran in the day time. At night time, horribly scary creature show up that burn in UV light, and they create an insanely tense experience. This title's story is definitely a bit far fetched and laughable, but it provides you with quests that at times feel meaningful.The verdictDying Light is good. I rate it a 6/10."
,Recommended,239140,14201450,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nickexp | That Rich Kid With VR,I have been playing this for a while now. The games combat is fun (a long as you get decent weapons ad the crafting system is awesome. Try crafting a 230V knife- it's awesome. By this game- and try be the zombie. It's so much fun. The graphics are also amazing.
,Recommended,239140,14275528,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,phil66,night makes me♥♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥♥♥ day makes me ♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198060089735,Recommended,239140,16540048,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DARK-WEED,Great!
76561198020343254,Recommended,239140,21170629,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,IIIDaSSleRIII,Dying Light Nice game
76561197987816557,Not Recommended,239140,20447019,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Berry[LinuxMint],After the last 1/5 the plot takes such a nosedive that I feel bad getting so invested in the game. The dream sequence marks a shift towards first graders villainy and easy-trick console gaming design choices. Shockwave superzombies and in tiny rooms.Also the game could use down climbing.
76561198038037769,Not Recommended,239140,33333106,Posted: 6 July,all,treelaunka,"Terribly paced-- don't buy this, but dead island. Same devs, different design team.The 1st game (dead island) had better:CombatCraftingActually had vehicles as promisedPacing"
,Not Recommended,239140,21536579,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Squigrider,"Sorry this game blows...gets old quick. May as well be the new new version of Dead Island. Have not played multiplayer so I cannot judge that. But no thanks, waste of $60 IMO"
,Recommended,239140,14236717,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Carhartt Warrior (#MAGA),"Honestly, I've spent the past 2 days of my life playing this game and it is truly a great game. Innovative and a really nice fresh zombie game. But if you arent running a 500$+ rig, I would wait till they release a patch to fix these god awful performance issues, I really wish I would've waited but I love the game regardless. It takes away A LOT of the fun from the game. Wait till they fix this and then buy it, current state right now is a 7/10 because of the really bad performance/FPS issues. WAIT TILL THEY FIX IT BEFORE SPENDING YOUR MONEY"
76561198072548410,Not Recommended,239140,20139385,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,McLettuce,"Great game. All YOU need to know. If you can, BUY IT AND PLAY IT! I just hope it doesn't screw you the way it did me...Now here comes the f**ked up part. I got this game previously, way when the version was 1.2.0 or something like that. In any case, I got a stand-alone version from a friend. It worked fine on my laptop, I played it and I loved it, till the horrible butterfly effect, which led me to not being able to play it any longer. Then, new updates started coming up, but I didn't care about them, so I just kept my version that I had that was just fine. Later, after reaching the Museum mission, there is a part where your entire inventory is taken away from you, so you have to get it back at the bag. HOWEVER, apparently if you try to recover it when it asks you if you would like to restore your previous inventory, YOUR ITEMS ARE DELETED and you end up with crap that you stored at the bag, instead of your usual stuff. So just imagine my frustration, when ALL of my orange items DISAPPEARED! I was on the verge of uninstalling the game, but kept my cool for long enough to google the reason and found out that the bug in the game does that. I thought, “Fine, whatever, the game f**ked me, I’m gonna try to get my stuff back with inventory editor”. But the internet said, “Sorry, no such thing, the closest we got is the ‘Purchase every weapon from a seller’ mod”. Alright, good enough. So I installed the mod, tried running the game and it went, “Sorry, files are corrupted”, to which my response was “…”. Alright, let’s get it on Steam, since I borrowed the copy from a friend and he’s long gone, back to Nova Scotia. So after downloading the game for 14 F**KING HOURS!!!, I finally installed it, just to find out that my graphics card can’t run the game cause of the updates and I can’t update my card since it’s already all the way up to as far as it could go and the laptop just doesn’t want to run that update, so now I’m stuck, not being able to play my game, cause of the damn updates or whatever else, and I just give up now. All these events made me hate the game, hate the developers and hate Steam, cause in the end I wasted money and precious free time, which I don’t get a lot of.I hate it all and will never play this great f**king game, which I loved like a brother and which decided to pretend to love me too, but then stomped on my heart and spit in my soul.I'm sorry it had to end like this, Dying Light, I really am...Goodbye."
,Not Recommended,239140,19900649,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Belldandy,Played 40mins.. Had to refund. First game i've played that gave me motion sickness. Felt like I just got off a rollercoaster.
,Recommended,239140,33711115,Posted: 21 July,all,◆Heath◆ csgogem.com,k
76561197963008465,Not Recommended,239140,23018696,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Daafje ♕,Great game but it all falls apart with a single coop game mechanic where the coop game starter earns 10% more XP than the joining party (and 10% for every additional friend). Playing through the whole game with one or more friends makes this a very frustrating experience as you will always have less abilities than your coop hosting friend. Would recommend this game as a singplayer but definetely not for coop playthrough.
,Recommended,239140,15230740,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Quaxo,"Fans of Dead Island and Far Cry are going to love this. The story is interesting, the voice acting is decent, and the environment is really diverse and realistic.First of all, there's the ""parkour"" aspect of the game. Loads of fun. That is all.Brought back from Dead Island is the same weapon system in general: find whatever you can and craft into something better. Added this time around is an upgrade system that allows for stat increases to that weapon. Things like electricity and fire can be added to weapons, much like they did with Dead Island. Weapons can only be repaired a certain number of times before they just can't take it anymore.Nights are genuinely scary and difficult to survive. For those not so good at stealth and survival, most nights can be skipped by just resting until morning (time skip) in a safe house. There are a few missions that are required to be done at night though.Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,239140,33365073,Posted: 7 July,all,banshee,"Like zombies? Like popping their heads with guns, katanas, sledgehammers, etc?Get Dying Light.Like Parkour? Like traversing varied environments with a wide variety of undead chasing you?Get Dying Light.Like first-person shooters? Like scavenging & crafting?Get Dying Light.its worth every cents and id say get it soon becuase there coming out with 10 new free dlcs"
76561198029941787,Not Recommended,239140,17803678,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,slurwin03,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t so I have to restart my game. To get the new content of weapons and everything. This is a mediocre zombie game at best with a lot of technical issues. I have 30 hours of gametime and now I have to restart which I will not. Crappy management from the developers I highly reccommend spending your $$ on a different zombie game. Unless you like playing a game and then restarting it. DEVELOPERS SCREW U, I spent 30 hours of gametime that is worthless now, if I want to get the new weapons and stuff"
,Recommended,239140,32631772,Posted: 21 June,all,MaysonD,"If you want a game that does something different with the zombie genre, Dying Light does almost everything well. It doesn’t do anything new really, but it puts different systems into a zombie game and made it work well. First and foremost, the zombie combat is refreshing. Where Left 4 Dead and Dead Rising made killing hordes of zombies an easy task, the hordes filling the streets of Harran are extremely dangerous. It’s a chore to kill even one zombie, as the improvised weapons are only effective when used well. Body shots are less effective than blows to the head, and your finite combat stamina drains quickly. You have to pick your fights and retreat often. That doesn’t make it any less fun, though. Each encounter makes victory satisfying. What does make the game frustrating combat wise is the degradation of weapons. Weapons are found in many places so you have a lot of options to choose from. However, most of the common weapons break extremely fast, and you must repair them with metal parts. The metal parts are not uncommon, but there’s a limited number of times you can repair the same item before it becomes useless. This system makes collecting a variety of weapons less of an encouragement and more of a requirement.  Often times you avoid combat altogether and take to the rooftops because this game lets you freerun over buildings, climb walls, and jump across streets. They designed the world around being able to parkour around zombies with ease. Both of these elements are leveled separately so you can develop your parkour skills further than combat if you are so inclined. It also avoids the problem of having to level past some parkour abilities to get combat skills. You can summarize the gameplay with mixing Dead Island with Mirror’s Edge (although the satisfying wall running in Mirror’s Edge is mostly absent in Dying Light).The story explains the reason your character can parkour pretty well, and the characters are well written. Everything else the story has is mediocre. The plot is okay but it all feels like its been done before. Without avoiding spoilers, you are part of a crew of runners in their base called The Tower but you are really sent there by an organization that is meant to investigate the zombie outbreak. You just know that the danger of the people you are helping finding out your motives is perfect drama for moving the story. The trope is, in my opinion, low hanging fruit and you’ll have to play the game to find out the rest of that story. Other than that, the story is good enough to look past to enjoy the gameplay. The zombie threat and the virus that runs through you (I’m glad you don’t have to actively the virus destroying drug Antizen regularly), and the human enemies are dangerous enough to make you care for the characters and the interactions between them make you care more.On top of the great gameplay and story, the game has much more thanks to the developers’ continued support for the game. You can say for a lot of single player games that once devs are done with the game, they are done, save for some bug fixes or expansions. Dying Light takes it a step further. There have been many small additions to the game like the april fools joke, additions to improve the quality of life in the game, “dockets” you can redeem from posts by the devs in real life to get better weapons, and even a whole new mode where you can play as a zombie and hunt down other players. There is a co op mode to enjoy the game with a friend as well. They have also announced that there will be ten free DLCs over the next twelve months. The longevity of adding content has given players reason to praise the developers."
76561198014276180,Recommended,239140,14196489,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sloppy Tuna,I like it
76561198132241230,Recommended,239140,19291453,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ZeuS-gaming,ds
76561197963730840,Not Recommended,239140,14285921,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fireaxe,The game is not worth the full $60.-Fun only with friends or coop-Connection issues disrupt your progress during coop.
,Not Recommended,239140,14340685,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BabyJones,Game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198036271158,Not Recommended,239140,14258323,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ULTOR,good game really bad performence i cant recommend this game right now
,Not Recommended,239140,14253803,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,𝕮𝖗𝖆𝖘𝖍𝖊𝖗,"Don't get me wrong, Dying Light so far seems great!But do you what realy gets me miffed? Poor optimization, that is UNEXEPTABLE.After you complete the tutorial, the framerate takes a nice, steamy, dump on your computer, no matter what specs you have a noticable frame drop occures.From 70 FPS in the main safehouse to 30-25 FPS, how does that happen? Poor coding and developing.I will not lay my hands on this product until either of two things happen:1. I get my money back for an obviouly unfinished product, or..2. A patch comes out from WB games adressing the framerate issues. Until then, I'm shelfing it.Shelfing this game just like other poorly optimized and unfinished products, such as:Watch_dogs, Assasin's Creed Unity, and Arma III.My specs:GPU: Nvidia Geforce GTX 970 MSI Twin Frozr VCPU: AMD FX 8120 Eight Core Processer (soon to be Intel core i7 or better)RAM: 16 GB DDR3VRAM: 4 GB GDDR5OS: Windows 7 Professional 64 bitMotherBoard: Asus Sabertooth 990FXAverage FPS: 28Min FPS: 18Max FPS: 41"
76561198083050891,Not Recommended,239140,14232568,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sception,"So I have currently played 9.3 hours with just my friends on their game. Whenever they got off for the day I got sent back to my game which I figured would happen since they were a couple of quests ahead of me whenever I joined in.What I didn't expect was all my levels had reset, my screen is now permanately in seizure mode, and all of my gear is gone.This is exactly what I want to happen when I spend so much time in a game...... I really don't even feel like playing anymore because of this reset.This game was really fun before all of that though I enjoyed the graphics when I wasn't lagging and the combat and talent system is very interesting.But unless you want to throw all your time into the game trying to combat the resets that happen if you play with your friends (which is what I thought a game like this was all about) do not get it.(And actually while writing this review I thought about checking to see if achievments showed you how far you get in your skill levels and it does. So as far as I am concerned I should be the level that I had achieved not reset back unless I had started a new game and specifically made a new character which I did not.)"
76561198090999882,Not Recommended,239140,14258221,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mabrown666,"The game looks great, but it is unplayable due to lag. Even on the lowest setting and a highish end machine (way above recommended spec), I still had unworkable lag. And for a game that is about timing, it's a killer."
,Not Recommended,239140,14278699,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jack R2,exactly like Dead islands but just a few minor differences. if you like dead islands then get this game. other wise dont waste your money.
76561197961844708,Not Recommended,239140,14282600,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Liquid8,Why do they even bother selling these bugged out games... It crashes more than it works. Now I can't even start the game without an application error. This is ridiculous.
76561198036184886,Not Recommended,239140,20047601,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JuhaMieto,Underwhelming 5/7
76561198145993481,Recommended,239140,14191521,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bambino,"To all you people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about your game crashing...shut the ♥♥♥♥ up. You bought the game knowing its new to pc, so lay off, shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, and kindly let them know what is wrong so they can fix the problems. Also your game crashes because you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥system, so get a job and shut the ♥♥♥♥ up. The game is amazing. Stunning absolutely stunning graphics even on medium, and gameplay is very fluid. I managed to get the hang of movement fairly easy and combat is one of a kind with endless possibilities to craft items. Love the game and am now a huge supporter of TechLand. Thanks guys."
,Recommended,239140,27783030,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kirens inactive,One of the best Zombie Apocalypse game ! 9/10 (i saw some bugs sorry :( )
,Recommended,239140,14222757,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,AKoof,It's a masterpiece! / Это шедевр!
,Recommended,239140,14235656,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Synce:d,Dying FPSby: tiago
76561198123610204,Recommended,239140,20051615,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WHO DID THIS?!?!?!?,"Good 24 hours of gameplay. A few jumpscares, good optimization and a good story/multyplayer overall."
,Recommended,239140,18349195,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Luke3079,I love the game. Great story but it's a bit short. I highly recommend on going on side missions rather than the main story missions. However you do unlock more by completing story missions so make sure you do those from time to time.
,Recommended,239140,14520405,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,♠ DgO ♠,"This game is simply awsome!This is kind of a mix of Dead Island and Mirror's Edge.If you played these two games and you like it, well, you will certainly like this one as well.The gameplay is amazing, you can freely run and reach any place that you want. This game is the closest game that I ever played that I can feel and make movements of parkour.I liked the game's history. It is kind of sad, because some things that you don't want to happen happens. :(But in general it is a good history. I hope they release more DLCs to improve the game history and varieties.The only cons that I got is that the zombies of the game are very similar to Dead Island. It has the common zombies, those zombies that explode (boomers in Dying Light, and those runners that explode in Dead Island), thug zombies (they use a huge hammer in Dying Light, and in Dead Island is just a tugher zombie), badass zombies, (Demolhiser in Dying Light, and those crazy thug zombies), screamers zombies (a baby in Dying Light and, a crazy old bi*** in Dead Island).But that's okay, I think they could be more creative and try to be different from Dead Island.But, besides that, the game is freaking awsome! :D1O/1O"
,Recommended,239140,33816460,Posted: 26 July,all,coconator,"Great story, Great gameplay. nuff said, go buy and see for your self.Also , don't forget to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥piss before you play this game at night. Things get crazy when the sun goes down and the hunters, which will hunt your♥♥♥♥♥down."
76561198239187904,Recommended,239140,22486565,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Smokythebandt,"Super fun pvp, it's the only reason I play anymore, story is quick and progression feels good, albeit short. Definitely worth it."
76561198135235154,Recommended,239140,17035693,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Lewis,10/10 ign xD
76561198070907216,Recommended,239140,17205297,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,SmeezY,"Within moments I was screaming for mom to get the camera. The prologue had me reaching for my Mnt Dew and Doritos. Unfortunately it's hard to find ammo in abundance. This makes practicing 360yolonoscopes for the casual n00bs all the more difficult. The flares had me feeling like snoop dogg, smoking weed every day. I did not see any sample text but there was much wow to be had on the graphics. I can't count how many times the Q button confirmed illuminati for me. Playing experience is even more boosted while listening to darude sandstorm. There aren't hit markers but the car traps sound like air horns. i r8 8/8 m8https://youtu.be/LuypTCynDEM"
76561198068928362,Recommended,239140,25950855,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CarlyRAE,It's fun
,Not Recommended,239140,21243973,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,-hg- Thorium,Wait until they patch the damn game. It's terribly unoptimized and runs like a potato. Check the system requirements online.
,Recommended,239140,14194351,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Honey_Badjer,Hardcore Parkour Zombie Killer EXtreame11/10 would parkour again
,Recommended,239140,16515540,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cowlord,Best zombie game.
76561198116857359,Not Recommended,239140,17137951,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Chrome,Just wasted 93 SG dollars in this game
,Not Recommended,239140,14519272,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TheGreatGhastly †,Idiot devs released patch 1.09 and now i CTD when i start it. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198023181035,Not Recommended,239140,15040826,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Git_Back,"Slow FPS can't even play the game on single player it's so slow, waste of money."
,Not Recommended,239140,20409826,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MrLeeOH,"This really pains me to say “No” on this awesome game which is Dying Light. However, the reason is very simple. The game keeps crashing / timing out every 20 to 50 minutes giver take. I tried to low my setting, but that's unfair to the game and myself. Sadly, doing this didn't help much. I got same issues. I died in the game from the crash/ timing out of the game. The Steam Community was very helpful to another player who had the same issues as I did. But, from the looks of it. The issue wasn't fixed. I am going to ask for my money back from this game which unplayable for me. I never had this problem, until December 2015."
,Not Recommended,239140,18883101,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Conrad812,"was good, up until the fight with rais, which was actually just 5 or so quicktime events. and then the game crashed after the credits played."
76561198078485881,Not Recommended,239140,18920765,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Almgeet,"Jumping from roof to roof and cutting off zombie heads is fun, but the story and execution are atrocious.By the end of the game I had my head in my hand while trying to press the right keys as they flashed on the screen, the ending was a slog. Overall this is just Dead Island with jumping and more cutscenes."
,Recommended,239140,20261685,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LeoTheLion,"Overall, okay.  As a parkour traceur, I felt the game tried too hard to make you do movement, most of the times movement that is really not possible, though the game was entertaining enough at times.  Story was good, though some of the missions were ambiguous and I had to look up how to do them online.  Zombies were amazing, freaky as hell and very good at nibbling you.  Overall, I think this game is alright, though better to get it on sale then full priced."
,Recommended,239140,14205624,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Cristinnel,Dead island+mirror's edge=dying light ! Good Game !
,Recommended,239140,14654519,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DHUT,It is the game we all wished that Dead Island would have been.
,Recommended,239140,14195024,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Star Citizen,"So far this game is incredible... Amazing graphics, awesome storyline and best of all you♥♥♥♥♥♥your self at night time when being chased by enraged super zombies.I even tried out a little bit of co-op whic was flawless.Now keep in mind that i didnt play long enough to really be sure that the game is not flawed in some way or another i just didnt experince any bugs or cons as of yet =).Better more in-deepth review to follow shortly.I see only bad review conserning lag and game chrashes. I honest to god did not experience ANY at all.Here is my set-up : i7 4 core 3.2 Giga Hertz Cpu - Asus Gtx 780 3 Gigabyte V-Ram - 12 GigaByte DDR3 Ram - 500 GigaByte SSD HD.So based on that and the little game time i have done so far i totally recommend this piece of art.Update !!Finished the game... Omg i love this game, what a game to start out 2015 with.I'm not gonna spoil it for you guys but hell do you'r selfs a favor and try this game out.After burning my fingers bad with H1Z1 it is so comforting to see company's like techland know how to deliver a next-gen awesome zombie survival game with an epic story line and bug free single player as well as co-op/multiplayer success.100/10Would play for a very very long time."
,Recommended,239140,14193845,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Baevo,"Such an amazing game, would recomend to anyone"
76561197979250420,Recommended,239140,14190812,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Feersum Endjinn,"I've just finished the prologue, it took about an hour to get into it. Im enjoying the game so far. Graphics are looking good and running  pretty smooth on i7 4770k 2 way sli 980 evga SC 16gb 2400hx ram @2560x1440"
,Recommended,239140,14193991,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BroBrantford,the graphics are sick as hell bruh
76561198044291624,Recommended,239140,14202466,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bass God,Main Character is the same voice actor as Deidara from Naruto. GG WP 11/10
76561198021520715,Recommended,239140,14391446,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LazseR,Nice but short!! :D
,Recommended,239140,17750537,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tediore47,Zombie Stomping stimulatorStomping zombie has never been this satisfying!10/10 would stomp zombies all night long. =P
76561198035574920,Recommended,239140,14260392,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Yunoe,"Really enjoyed the game, but in my opinion the story was to short."
76561198036949090,Recommended,239140,22328576,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lister,"The base game is epic by anyones standards. Following adds some more hours to the experience but isnt as good as the original - but hell, is a few more hours of just less than epic worth it? **** YES.Oh and the parkour is so much better than assassins creed, i was screaming at syndicate - why cant you be like DL"
76561198047998832,Recommended,239140,20014996,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,commiecannon,Jumps onto roofLaughs at zombiesJumps to next roofFalls and breaks both legsZombies laugh at me11/10 would play again
76561198093432837,Recommended,239140,22135554,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Leviathan,"Overall, great game with beautiful graphics, awesome parkour, satisfying and gory combat, good enough story, decent multiplayer, a new expansion with plenty of new content including buggies, and endless, open-world fun"
76561198087827820,Recommended,239140,32468138,Posted: 16 June,all,[FT] Kevinos TradeSkinsFast.com,Good game parkour + zombies Un one game you did it developers
,Recommended,239140,17780999,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,Yes.
,Recommended,239140,22140383,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Not The Yellow FromSI Egg,Nice
,Recommended,239140,20200719,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Turnt Alien,My lights died10/10
,Recommended,239140,14217852,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Qwonze,Like Skyrim with Zombies! 10/10
76561198018555171,Recommended,239140,14195908,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,NIKKLE,Injecting Antizin into veins 13/10- NIKKLE Approved.
76561198010271345,Recommended,239140,14193198,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Beta Ray Bill,"[First Impressions]I'm honestly surprised my game hasn't crashed or stuttered to hell. WB's QA department has delivered once again.This is the game I wish Dead Island had been. Combat is fluid and fun, and the zombies are incredibly realistic. I've heard zombies splatter to the ground who had tried chasing me off a roof, I've seen them mantle with their torsos onto the floor to climb a ledge (in very zombie-like fashion).If you begin a fight, it's very likely most nearby zombies will begin homing in to your position, tightening like a noose around your location if you get carried away for too long kicking a zombie into some spikes on the wall.[Second Impressions]The game's holding my interest well. The parkour never gets boring, though I've encountered a few hitches in areas with lots of climbable ledges too close together. The story so far has also steadily increased in intensity, and I find myself wondering where the plot will swing to next.The skill trees are the highlight of my gaming experience right now. There's plenty of cool abilities to be unlocked, and pretty much all the individual skills are useful.I also saw some other reviews complaining about the day/night cycle. It really all depends on where you are in the game. I spent the longest time exploring during the prelude to a story mission, because the game was simulating the day/night in real time, regardless of where I was on the map. It seems like most of the time the in-game hours are clucking along, but during missions that depend upon nightfall at a certain time, you get free time to explore in case you want to forestall nightfall. There really isnt much to do at night so far other than run for you life and fail 50% of the time. The npc hunters are very efficient at surrounding your location even if you just sit still without making a peep. But I also haven't mastered all the night time techniques yet either, like setting off traps at the proper moments, using flares and the UV flashlight. Still, making a successful run to a safe zone with hunters at your back is incredibly exhilarating and gratifying, but only if you succeed"
,Recommended,239140,14201813,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,³,Electric Tower Climbing/Falling SimulatorBoils down to crafting molotovs to fight11/10
76561198091366601,Recommended,239140,14213621,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chrono,"The game is pretty much ""perfect"" in everything it was supposed to be, I can give it 8.3/10.Have a nice day."
76561198093798134,Recommended,239140,14214832,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,HydroPug,Dying Light Review.Day- A hero and has no fears. killing the undead and feeling good about it.Midnight-Oh Sh!t this is♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants scary im just going to hide in the coner and cry.
,Recommended,239140,22325047,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AgentSly,The only Zombie game where getting cornered by zombies is an advantage10/11.5 would drop kick zombies again
,Recommended,239140,14190727,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Twizted420,Get it .....REALLY GET IT NOW!!Help stop the zomb invasion lol .
,Recommended,239140,20193809,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Couscousy,Any game that has baklava as a source of 'health' is worth your money.
,Recommended,239140,14761235,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,spumphen paddock,"the last mission was a emotional rollercoaster for mei cried with my friend in the callBECAUSE IT WAS SO ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID289/10 -ign ""not cod but has guns"""
76561198146063090,Not Recommended,239140,15795002,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Jasonhhdx,boring
76561198185091186,Recommended,239140,17187260,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,JPNikolay,It lags alot and I can't figure out how to fix it. I don't know what kind of computer I have because it's my parents. Someone pls help.
,Recommended,239140,26276517,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Manzy,Best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,239140,19943996,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,catstronaut77,wienie poo butt in wienie'er in dabutt cheacks of da poo
76561198272705427,Recommended,239140,30912673,Posted: 2 April,all,Betimawesome_BLW.TF,"I absolutely love this game! Let's talk pros and consPros:Graphics have the ability to look at and not complainStory is pretty good.Controls are usable, unlike most of other WB game's pc releases such as mortal kombat.ZOMBIES.Challenging. Can sometimes get incredibly annoyingSome other minor trashI will note, that this is coming from a person that plays on nightmare difficulty btw.Cons: Quite alot on nightmare.The zombies that are part human? Oh god... They are so annoying sometimes! It takes me forever to open a lock in the open with these guys around!You basically can't use guns without attracting 80 zombies. Still fun to use guns thoughLaggy Alt+tabThe pain of losing so many legend points due to the long range of grenades, the spam part human zombies, etc...Some other minor trashHowever. I would 110% reccomend this! Since the DLC now comes with the game, the following is quite amazing! (Even though the driving is kinda meh...)7.8/10 would restart game again."
,Not Recommended,239140,19588144,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,HapaJJ,"This review is for the newest update...I have been playing this game since it came out. Still very disappointed in the supposed changes that are have hopes to make the game better. NUMBER 1! Still have no clue as to why when I get out of the water, everything is blurry for wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to long...idk about the rest of the world, but when I get out of the water from swimming I'm able to ♥♥♥♥ing see when I get out. So i jumped in the water, doesn't mean I wanna go blind for half a ♥♥♥♥in' hour. If you happen to keep it like that, give me that option to wipe my face or some♥♥♥♥♥♥so I don't have to stand there waiting like an idiot until I can see again.NUMBER 2! Fix the environment when character dies, replace the items that are actually needed to finish the damn level! You have not fixed this from the start, all the happens when one dies is enemies respawn that have I already killed!!! Environment item respawn is complete crap, near non-existent which does not make a lick of sense!!!!!!!! Many many many times also being respawned into a situation that may get me killled repetitively with very little chance of survival. When I'm being respawned and I already have a zombie on top of me before the screen shows what's happening, your game still has serious issues which is why people don't play it!NUMBER 3! When I am camoflauged in guts, I get that things going red lets me know that, however...who the ♥♥♥♥ is going to rub that nasty♥♥♥♥♥shit all up in their eyes?!?!?! You don't know? Me neither. Then why does the entire damn screen look like I'm almost dead whenever I do? Screen is too covered people! Not realistic...the screen acts as the eyes for a person in a first person shooter game. Your team seems to be annoyingly obsessed with blurry vision, as the gamer...I'm about realism...making the game harder by tweaking those stupid things is what it looks like you did to me.Lastly...controller layout options....hate them whole heartedly. Needs to have ability to set function for controller buttons."
76561198139357838,Not Recommended,239140,26367377,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,LifeWithoutHope,"You are Crane, a servant of everyone, which means everyone is your boss, which means you can't do anything else than following what they tell you, regardless you like it or not, you want to kill them or not. The world is said to be open world but it isn't. You can't do what you like and just run around and around. You recieve a quest and there is only one method to do, not variety. For example, when you need to get medicine from a crazier named Gazi, rather than do his quest, you just have to infiltrate his house from the roof and take what you want, but the game doesn't allow you to do it. Because? This is a linear world, not open world so you only have one choice when you want to do a quest.And if you're looking for story, this game isn't for you. It's very bored and you can't make choice for each quest. And still they say this is an open world game. What kind of open world game where you can't make choice for doing quest?The gameplay is average. But if you think it's like Dead Rising. You'll regret it. The combat mechanic is nothing special. But the only thing that can drag you into this game is parkour. It's really excited when you run on a small wall, and jump over nearly everything.Overrall, I don't think this game deseveres to get high score and positive review, due to its linear. Unless your love for parkour is extremely high, you'll waste your time for this."
,Recommended,239140,26968610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bakhan,Like Left For Dead 2 without Guns.
76561198006568043,Not Recommended,239140,19371040,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Horadriccube,Fun game but the  chromatic aberration is hurting my eyes so hard...so i cant play the game even if i wanted to
,Recommended,239140,27601720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kevdogg24,<3
76561198010495190,Not Recommended,239140,27320278,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CROWS&CLOCKWORK,"The game would probably be pretty good,if the image upscaled when you choose alower resulution than your screen.Instead, it leaves awful looking massiveblack borders around your screen, makingthe game pretty much unplayable.If you want to run the game in 1080p, or theresolution of your screen, have fun with allthe settings put on low, as this game isn'tthe best optimized game around.Obviously this isn't all that matters, asgraphics shouldn't make the game."
76561198375843583,Not Recommended,239140,31364641,Posted: 25 April,all,jackaboy,after playing about 88 hours not strait in like a 3 week time span i couldent and still cant accuse my inventory its sucks now i cant play with my freinds on steam becuase thars theonly game i have
76561198165989969,Recommended,239140,29516382,Posted: 26 January,all,NEOAethyr,"Major stuttering after a bit when ran with the std runtime, that's not the prob though, my saves are gone, doesn't matter if I load it via the steam ui or custom cmd line, it won't find my saves anymore.Ever since it auto updated steam on me the other day (that drives me nuts...) it's been messed up, game plays fine, just I'm not about to play another 14hrs just to get back to were I was.Even tried setting the env var STEAM_DATA_HOME but notta,How do we change the location of the game saves via cmd line on linux?, because it just won't load them up now and there's gotta be a way of forcing it.Update:A few days went by from my last review, my saves are back, I don't know what happened but I suspect the steam runtime.But it's back, I got a continue button again and so on.Anyways this is the best game there is for Linux right now."
,Not Recommended,239140,31202173,Posted: 17 April,all,cowll悲しい,"i have mixed feeling with this game, for awhile it's fun and has few parts of it that made me smile. The Protagonist is a boring but sometimes relatable reactionsr. I played on hard mode cause normal mode is too easy. The Player vs Zombie are decent but can be frustrating sometimesI. The expansion is a nice change of setting never been a fan of Harran i prefer the countryside. The buggy car is a refreshing change of pace also surprisingly fun it could have been messy.Now for the bad part the Player vs Human(with gun) devolves this game into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shooter call of duty. The only effective way to eliminate a group of bandits with Assualt Rifle is Assualt Rifle. All the skills and ulitilities you've gain are obcelete. This doesn't get any better with the following. That made me stop playing the game it's frustrating, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it shove a middle finger on the player's face. The Parkour system is inconsistent you dont know if he's gonna grap the ledge  or not while your life is at risk that being said this game could have benefited with a fast travel feature cause of it's imperfect parkour system. If your gonna remove fast travel make sure your parkour is perfect.Unfortunatefly because of the overwhelming bad things about this game i couldn't recommend it. The story is meh, the game play is frustrating, it's only fun for awhile"
,Recommended,239140,17315457,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Aiden_Pearce,"fun, but slow game"
76561198097583470,Recommended,239140,25040249,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,South African Bloke,"Dead Island + Mirrors Edge= Dying LightNuff said, its as good as it sounds"
76561198087548358,Recommended,239140,21138946,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Thordin420,"Soild game, great graphics, story ect. everything you'd want in a zombie game"
76561198032556680,Not Recommended,239140,20386165,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,virgin for life,THIS GAME GAVE ME CANCER
,Not Recommended,239140,20318957,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,.Lukas,Night hunters are extremely underpowered.
,Recommended,239140,20011609,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Drenamow,Totally awesome. I have beaten this on the Xbox one and i totally love it. Worth getting the season pass and worth the time i've spent on this game.
,Recommended,239140,32669152,Posted: 23 June,all,TornadoTi,I like the graphics of this game especially at night
,Recommended,239140,32370000,Posted: 12 June,all,dripone @battle.net,"Finished the original game within 15 hours. Time to go back and do sidequests / achievements and then the dlc.9/11 would play again.My girlfriend said I'm pretty sick due to I like to kick the zombies down from roofs. ( Yea it's an achievement, but women can't understand how important they are nowadays. )"
76561198126969804,Recommended,239140,14792114,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,✪ V.I.P,Even better than the console with the 60 FPS or more (y)
76561198044869534,Not Recommended,239140,29992871,Posted: 17 February,all,Chicken Man101,"♥♥♥♥ this game and its controls and difficulty, you go from easy to super ♥♥♥♥in hard. other then that its an ok game. but ♥♥♥♥in annoying when zombies keep grabbing you and the grab icon never shows up in time and the biter well grabs you and eats you"
76561198079504284,Recommended,239140,17444920,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Hannah Baker,Game is greatttt!!! :)
,Recommended,239140,22296966,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,-Coza-,Great game
,Recommended,239140,28640499,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lawke,Probably one of the best games I've ever played. Amazing story and fun open-world to explore.10/10
,Recommended,239140,22276989,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,cheekysauce,best parkour! better than mine craft
76561198144989893,Recommended,239140,32707696,Posted: 23 June,all,NGS |  Supreme Underwear,Step 1. Level up agilityStep 2. Get dropkickStep 3. ....Step 4. Profit!
,Recommended,239140,27249195,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Accelerator,Realistic ? checkSmooth gameplay ? checkWeapon variety ? checkLots of zombie killing ? triple check.
76561197968248264,Not Recommended,239140,20110844,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,( つ^・ω・^)つ,"Admittedly I am not that far into it, 12.5 hrs at the time of writing this. Played on hardest difficulty, game was trivial. Parkour gets old after a while and the game overall feels very repetitve already. Crazy stuff happens at night! buuuuuuut you can just sleep through it easily eevery time, and why wouldn't you? I'm not going to handicap myself just to make it harder, that's the same as just not using weapon upgrades or skills. Oh, and 99% of the time those weapons are melee, so if you were hoping to run around shotting stuff this isn't for you. Maybe i needed to give it more time but I'm finding it hard to keep playing."
76561198058378040,Not Recommended,239140,19894345,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww,What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with forced ♥♥♥♥♥♥ missions that are no fun and the hold my hand gamplay is even worse!  It is a pile of crap don't spend any money on this game!
,Not Recommended,239140,20098782,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hihi,"This will be more of a rant then a review so feel free to ignore.Overall I think this game is enjoyable other then a few annoyances. So then why the thumbs down? One main reason, at the time of this review this game will be one year old in about a month and yet I still encountered a completely crippling game breaking bug. Here is what I believe caused the issue:Make sure you have the Bozak Horde DLC installedAfter arriving in Sector 0 I complete the first lounge mission, then stumbled upon and trigger the Bozak mission nearby which has you blowing up cars/gas tanks. I immediately noticed something was wrong when I didn't see any gas tanks spawned but I assumed I needed to go get them myself, which is what I tried. I ran as far as I could to find some. I don't know if I was “out of bounds” at any time since the challenges don't seem to have one but it felt like it since nothing spawned. Obviously, the timer ran out for me and I lost the challenge.I continued on playing like normal then saved and left. Specifically, I did the mission to follow Jade to the University and a available side missions around. Then I saved and closed the game for the day. The game actually somehow managed to screw up my PC as though explore.exe was hung or frozen. Effectively the UI was frozen but the PC actually seemed fine. I was able to pull up a command prompt via the task manager and reboot my PC that way.When I tried to load the game again the next day I immediately noticed an issue because it was loading me into the Bozak DLC. I thought it was weird and left the DLC but realized they removed all my gear as expected. Frustrated and annoyed I close and went to play something else.Upon trying again the next day, same exact thing happened. It loaded me again into the Bozak DLC. Once again I left but this time I went a bit out to abother safe house and decided to force the game to save by resting until night then resting until morning and made sure my quest marker was clearly one something else. Again annoyed I just closed the game and went to play something else.This is when things went really bad. Upon loading the game I was immediately out of bounds and under the map. The reason I think it had to do with that Bozak mission from before was I noticed a bunch of floating gas tanks around me. Looking up I appear to be under the bus depo where the Bozak mission puts you. I did try to kill the character but had no weapons because it appeared to be trying to load the Bozak DLC from what the loading screen was telling me. This is even more true because during one of my reload attempts the screen got stuck in the loading wipe loop, when I paused I saw the elevator for the Bozak DLC but unpausing put me right back into the same out of bounds. I also got map markers for the elevator and door but I couldn't see them and it said they were well above me.So... there I was, stuck. I tried a few other things but to no avail. 29 hours wasted.Because this game auto saves and does not allow you to have multiple save points for one game, you best pray your save file never gets corrupted. So my character will continue to sit out of bounds under the map, seemingly falling forever in his perpetual hell. I have no desire to invest another 29 hours just to get back to where I am on even a 1% remote chance this or another game breaking bug can happen again."
76561197998716589,Not Recommended,239140,20052019,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JAKE PAUL (DAB ON THE H8ERZ),This game was certainly fun and I feel it had a lot of potential. Unfortunately for me it was plagued by technical problems in both Windows and Linux. It crashed so often that it was unplayable. Since I could not figure out the cause I have abandoned Dying Light. What a shame.
76561197971073368,Not Recommended,239140,18214155,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"Other than the parkour, I really see nothing different to dead island. Combat is dull and boring, with the usual rubbish weapons that break so don't get attached to them....................zzzzzLooks prettier than most."
,Not Recommended,239140,20217232,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WillOfGod,"Couldn't play this due to the mouse lag that made it feel awful.  Shame I was really looking forward to playing it, but took a refund after not being able to fix the lag issue."
,Recommended,239140,14271826,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Waffles,AMAZING
,Recommended,239140,20923529,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TricciRicci,"Did you like dead island? (the original, not riptide)Do you like parkour?Do you want to feel the shivers crawl up and down your spine when you're running for your life outside at night?Do you like finding awesome loot like stasis grenades and the almighty excalibur (ehh maybe not so mighty in this game)Grab this game. Its worth it."
,Recommended,239140,25894554,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Soraya,Awesome Game
76561197974582820,Recommended,239140,28412206,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hoksu,"An open-world parkour zombie survival game with a good melee combat system but also guns, day-night cycle where the world gets more dangerous at night, lots of side quests and things to do, killing zombies in various ways is great fun, and there's a buggy in The Following which you can use to plow zombies? The graphics also look very nice and the game ran great on my computer. That's a long list of reasons why Dying Light is awesome"
76561197978786811,Recommended,239140,24662110,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,triumph,Rio Olympics simulator 2015
,Recommended,239140,21387005,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,manic221,"Bought to support good buisness practice don't know what it is about polish development studios but they just ""get it"" a respected customer is a customer for life an abused customer will eventually walk away.As for the game yeah it's pretty good but it was worth the cash just to support good buisness practice as stated. Will put some more hours into the game and report back with any further impressions."
76561198124394677,Recommended,239140,21950553,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Donald Trump,This game made the Zombie Apocalypse Great Again.
,Recommended,239140,23999750,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GhostFox,This is a good game.
,Recommended,239140,29406829,Posted: 21 January,all,Tha Master,Will spook your pants off if your not ready! kek nice! 58093458345/58093458345
,Recommended,239140,16165914,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Reaper26,"Another excellent game! This was actually a very refreshing addition to the woefully over-done zombie survival genre. The art style, graphics, and sound design do a wonderful job of making what appears to be a large, flourishing city feel very eerie and empty. Running from rooftop to rooftop, it's easy to forget the setting you're in. If you stop, sit still, and look around, you will suddenly feel very lost and alone. Wonderful work.The movement and combat are incredibly fluid. The following scenario is not uncommon: You're running along a series of rooftops, jumping over alleyways and hordes of zombies. Up ahead, you notice a group of enemies. Maybe they're sitting around enjoying the sun, or beating up a helpless survivor. You spring into action. You vault off of a chimney, drop-kicking one of the clueless foes to his harrowing doom stories below. The others, shocked, stumble and try to draw their weapons, but they're too late. With your electrically charged blade, you cleave merrily, removing limbs and heads like the reaper of souls himself.It feels damn good.Other times though, admittedly, you will find the movements a bit wonky/unatural feeling. The movement mechanics  are built around momentum! So when you lose  that momentum, prepare to feel awkward.The late game is also a bit weak, as your skills increase, and weapons become more and more powerful, you will feel like you have no challengers at all. Especially taking into consideration the wonderfully fun grappling hook. A great gameplay mechanic, but does make you a bit overpowered.A+ game, must play!"
76561198069860606,Recommended,239140,14236125,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Richard Jokes,"For those of you willing to give this game a chance, I'm playing this on literally the worst possible graphics across the board. My graphics card is a GT 520 when the minimum is a 590 and this game STILL runs great. Great physics, great gameplay, great plot, great level up system. Have fun."
,Recommended,239140,32505859,Posted: 17 June,all,INTERNALIZED OPPRESSION,Amazing game. Forgot to put the review here before but the fact the devs are still working on this game makes them awesome.
,Recommended,239140,32648289,Posted: 22 June,all,Akuma,Great game
76561198022614604,Recommended,239140,32648149,Posted: 22 June,all,Lager,great game
,Recommended,239140,28938071,Posted: 2 January,all,Kissa Ninja,"Ainoa asia miksi pelin voi olla ostamisen arvoinen on co-op ja......modit?Pelin tarina on ♥♥♥♥♥Taistelu (zombeja vastaan voi olla hauskaa)Parkour periaatteessa vie taistelun tarpeellisuuden poisAseilla ampuminen on todella tylsääBatman vision alentaa pelin tasoa.Skills.....Grapling hook sanoo parkourille hyvästiJos juokset liian pitkään joudut.....*huokaus* venaamaan, että hahmosi tai siis peli pakottaa sinua hidastamaan tahtiasi.Ihmis vastukset ovat periaatteessa vain kestäviä zombeja joita vastaan käytät periaatteessa aseita, he osuvat sinuun lähes automaattisesti jos koetat meelee aseita."
,Recommended,239140,19584918,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,✪ Twitch.tv/Braun3rnigii,Very cool game make a lot of fun with friends
,Recommended,239140,32372759,Posted: 12 June,all,EverEatingDavid,"Dead Island had me like: Oh that's nice, you can kick them in the head lolol.Dying light was more in the field of: oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ OH♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
,Not Recommended,239140,15000502,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Reohkiin,"The game was alright to me, the single player experience that is. Despite the horrible lag and constant freezing, I managed to beat it. I mostly got the game because of the Be The Zombie mode, which I assumed worked in a similar fashion as invading a la Souls games. My disappointment couldn't be more strong when I first tried it. I had literally thought you were invading a person's game at night and hunted them down. What is it really? A forced game mode where you, the zombie, must defend your nests and kill the human player(s). Which becomes increasingly hard to do the more players there are.Not to mention the fact that your nest has Volatiles, which you know... Hunt the player at night normally. Where are they to assist you? You only have regular zombies assisting you and they're a joke. For being the ""hunter"" and defender of the the nests, you'd assume you'd be tougher than a volatile and able to shrug off more hits than they can. Nope, you'll die to two melee swings whereas a normal Volatile will laugh at you and slap your♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean sure, you can one shot a human player... If you manage to grab them and NOT be blinded and then beaten senseless.The major part of being the zombie though, is actually connectng to a game. You'll be spending majority of your time searching for a game to force upon another person/people. And even when you do manage to connect, it'll be so laggy that it'll be a slide show. So instead of being the ""Hunter"" you are the Hunted. You're defending a nest, not out to kill people for the sake of doing so and eating them(Which even then, the zombie you play practically blows them up.)I would not recommend this game if you bought it for the zombie mode. If you really want to play co-op then it's for you. But if you intend on the single player experience, don't buy it and just pirate it. Even then you'll still feel cheapened."
76561197970575995,Recommended,239140,25891734,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,O.S O.G,"Just get it, PERIOD!!!"
76561197994045792,Recommended,239140,35463937,Posted: 3 October,all,FID,great game
76561197984996617,Not Recommended,239140,31906950,Posted: 22 May,all,Shådowspåwn,"Decent game until you get to the clinic level. Hard lock up, unable to progress, game is unfinishable. Do not recommend."
76561198141942491,Recommended,239140,14696751,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nah!,ZOMBIE♥♥♥♥♥KICKING M8
,Recommended,239140,34891383,Posted: 11 September,all,Mr.h2250,best zombie game i ever play
76561198028486139,Recommended,239140,14695306,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ishimaru,Parkour and Combat system are amazing and watching zombies trip and fall from a great height is funny. Guarantee to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when running at night. 10/10.
,Recommended,239140,19273556,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bajass,Best game ever
76561198126235780,Recommended,239140,20277992,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,iBP ScreaM,really fun to play with your friends and storyline is good
76561198157491345,Not Recommended,239140,19223861,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dada,Boring. Save your money.
,Not Recommended,239140,19539877,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,？,thissucks
76561198192208309,Recommended,239140,35458277,Posted: 3 October,all,U WOT M8,gud
76561198236535860,Recommended,239140,25733653,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,no,gg
,Recommended,239140,22953657,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,kenneth2k27,"This game is epic, I recommend this to everyone except those that deal with siezures Haha. You cannot not have anything to do in this game , you need to constantly gather resources/crafting materials, the fighting mechanics is smooth, cool and interesting story line, parkour i shoud say is better than Assassin's Creed since you can climb almost anything in this game. Worth every penny"
76561198040527182,Recommended,239140,14290979,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Shimo Istalri,"So, for the immature people that are going to scream ""fanboy"" or ""dumbass"" or the like, I can care less about what you say. For the people that actually have honest opinions and valid points, heres my overall summary of the game.Pros:* The parkour system, is not awful, infact its extremely well made. The animations are very nicely done, with only a few clipping issues and entertaining bugs. Which, depending on the person, may cause a negative or postive reaction.* The combat feels much more interactive then dead island, and there is more control over it. Even with a one shot weapon, your stamina with every skill other then infinite, still prevents you from killing an entire crowd, and the repair system balances it nicely.*The night system was decently well implemented, albeit with some balance issues in the late game it still feels rather well done.Mixed Judgements:The repair system is a great idea in theory, and later in the game it doesnt matter. I easily find better weapons then what Im using, they are terrifyingly common. Early on, weapons become pointless and fighting is less relevant, which is what the devs were going for. They give you high speed and parkour abilities, they want you to use them not walk down the road and beat every zombie you see to death like in Dead Island. This game is NOT dead island, its Dying Light. Judging it based upon its afiliation with techland and dead island is nine times out of ten, biased. The character system, which compared to its ""Spiritual Predecessor"" (I use the term very lightly) Dead island, is insanely improved. The ability to change what you look like, is great. However.. Peoples arguments about the clones and such are completely justified in the sense that there arent many clothing options and no actual -character- customization options.Cons:*Weapon balancing is a definate problem in this game, you can see it once you hit sector 0. You go from hitting the same zombie 3-4 times to one shotting 1-3 in one swing to the head. As I stated earlier, the combat is more interactive as a whole, but late-game it can still become pretty bull.*Difficulty curve is way, and I mean wayyyyyy to easy to see. This is mainly because of weapons being unbalanced, but the zombies dont ever get stronger like they do in dead island. They simply... are there.. They dont get more numerous, or get more health. A difficulty setting is definetly needed using damage and health multipliers being preferred.* The mod support. Or rather the lack thereof. A mod developer should be thanked and appreciated, mabye even learned from. Mods, in this day of pc gaming, are what make a game grow and develop even after the devs move onto other games. This is what keeps most games alive years after they have been forgotten. Preventing mods on your game is like telling your support team to ignore customer requests, its downright rediculous.*The Optimization, nuff said.With 30-60 or more FPS, easily a 7/10, mabye a 6/10 with lack of mod support.With less then 30 FPS, and low frame tolerance, 3, mabye 4 if your generous out of 10."
,Recommended,239140,19920761,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ayatee,normal game. there are no burned to a crisp rats somehow.
76561198026816473,Recommended,239140,15473226,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,|10|01|,"One of the greatest survival/scavenging mode game co op. Devs support the game, so it has now, a mod tool for custom maps etc."
,Recommended,239140,30873395,Posted: 1 April,all,'tISMO dUCKLING,Thanks to Russian guides and Google Translate I was able to find a grenade that make zombies dance69/10 would перевод again
,Recommended,239140,25438161,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ador,Finished the game.Had fun with this great game.Wish some of my friends would play this as well.Great story and great side missions.
76561198216191585,Recommended,239140,33160353,Posted: 2 July,all,DERP SQAUD! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),good game
,Recommended,239140,19998859,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,omnivore,"Edit: I'll have to recant a few statements and add a few in my review.Had I bought this game at full price ($60), I would have been disappointed. Buying it on sale ($15/4pack) was very worth it. If all you want is a button mashing zombie killer simulator that you can bounce all over in- Dying Light will fulfill your every desire. Otherwise I believe the developers have sacrificed substance to satisfy juvenile urges. Which is fine, I was just looking for something a little more compelling than compulsive.PROS:Great musical soundtrack.Decent quality graphics.Fun gameplay.Great map design. (Dont care much for Old Town portion of the map.)Actual full co-op, rather than farcry 4, where you can’t do any real missions together.Asymmetric infected entering game is a nice touch.Developer tools!!!!CONS:Not incredibly immersive.Everything is very flat. Low poly everything.Storyline is pretty cheesy.Map is too small in my opinion. (compared with games like GTA and Rust, the map is just too small)Controls are a nightmare in many situations, literally game breaking at times.In-Game Sound design is pretty static.Graphics aren’t really customizable. Lots of graphical problems, like water- it always ruins the landscape.Constant ash flurries are an annoyance.Wanna be Dead Rising 3, with the ridiculous modded weapons. (But they ARE fun none-the-less)(EDIT: Maybe with Old Town, the map is not so small. But I'm not sure Harran really feels cohesive.. Supposedly set in turkey but it doesn't really feel like Istanbul or Ankara, the slums feel like south america and just a few sewer tunnels away I feel like I'm in spain or england and so all the sudden the game unfortunately looks and feels like Assassins Creed to me.)"
,Recommended,239140,35471348,Posted: 4 October,all,RainBowBlood,BEST!!1!
,Recommended,239140,33067987,Posted: 30 June,all,pilzerfa,If yu no like dis gaem me no liek u.
,Recommended,239140,14521209,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DonVonHulio,"Exceeded my expectations.I went in expecting a cookie cutter zombie experience and i ended up leaving having a good time. Playing at night kept me on a hair trigger and by far my favorite feature.The items and crafting doesnt do anything new, but thats about the same as re inventing the wheel at this point. It works and thats all that matters.The game over all feels like its several different games we have already played, but only the good parts are in it. Its basically the game someone made up in a ""what if"" scenario and did a really good job doing it.Besides me not being able to use High Textures and Shadows because its too stuttery (GTX 780), i dont have anything bad to say about the game itself. If you like open world games like Borderlands, Far Cry, or Just Cause.... you should enjoy this game. Even on Medium (lowest setting?) the game still looks better than the consoles and on the PC it still features some graphical bonuses not present on the console for those who on the fence. (Brother has it on PS4)."
,Recommended,239140,23108759,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ŦHË ǤÄMËⱤ ǤŮƔ,The best zombie game there is. A must buy for sure!
76561198187204128,Not Recommended,239140,20715745,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bossman T,"If you like trying to get all the achievements in a game don't pick this one up, many broken achievements. Other than that an alright game, wait for it to go on sale though."
,Recommended,239140,33903311,Posted: 30 July,all,YMQ KM,This game made me so mad XD
76561198250384560,Recommended,239140,22289945,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Xender,GG
,Recommended,239140,35509233,Posted: 5 October,all,[33rd]LastMan,10/10 I will drop kick agian and agian
76561198099280675,Not Recommended,239140,14270203,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Filthy Diarrhea,"Updated as of 2/18A patch has been released that has upped the FPS for many people. My FPS have increased by about 10 on average, but it's still not playable. Ill still get crazy dips, and turning off graphics options still does very little. Something is obviously wrong when I can get 60+ FPS in the quarentine areas, but cant average a stable FPS count out doors (looking around still causes FPS to dip anywhere from 50-25fps.Again, the patch they released DID help, somewhat, but I still cannot reccomend this game. I have a GTX760 and 8350fx CPU. I should be able to maintain good FPS on AT LEAST medium specs.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Unoptimized. Realease a patch please! I was getting 60fps until the tutorial ended and the main game began. After that I would be lucky to get above 25fps. Could not even play the game, too unbearable."
76561198137971108,Not Recommended,239140,14303676,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,edac ♚,"I would not recomend this game. [ NOT AT THE TIME THAT IM SAYING THIS ] The reason behind that is becsuse it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have a amd xfx Radeon R9 270x, im geting around 15 to 10 fps white looking at the center of the map... BUT FOR SOME GODLY REASON! When i look to the edges of the map i get around 50 or 60. Im sorry,,, im so sorry. This game is not running NOR playable at the time. What im hoping for is a new gpu driver that [ WORKS ] on AMD systems. Looks like EA has a new friend Techland! ;-/PS. Im getting a nvidia gpu soon ;o"
,Not Recommended,239140,14422736,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Part Time Hobo,The achievment for this game is called Bittersweet. I think that's a perfect name for it.Why? Because the final fight to finish the game is a goddamn quicktime event.
,Not Recommended,239140,17862962,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Celador,"This was the first game i played and finished since i've upgraded my pc. Zombies, towers, palm trees... ugh.I have to say that despite finishing everything single side quest and finding most of the statues and flags (can't be bothered to watch videos and find all of them) i can't say that i was all that impressed or that i had a lot of fun. It was mostly OCD that kept me going from mission to mission to a pitiful QTE finale.The simple fact is - this game is exactly like Far Cry 3 and Assassins Creed combined. You climb up the towers, you jump down using either trash piles (say hi to hay) or zip lines (no puns here, too boring). You clear ""safe zones"", you run fast, you crawl up, you swim, you kill people and zombies, you die, you respawn, rinse and repeat.At some point i was actually almost convinced i was playing some advanced mod to Far Cry 3 - same palm trees, same slums, same water, same everything sans animals and plus zombies. Honestly - im just tired of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think i've climbed enough towers in these sort of games back in Assassins Creed 2 and Far Cry 3 just cemented the feeling of hating to do that over and over and over and yet over again.I disliked same models for quest npc's. I disliked having to do Bozak's stadium several times to get insanely overpowered bow with explosive arrows (which are lacking sounds by the way). I disliked ""survivor sense"" (At this point it's easier just to show everything on minimap rather than create some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t vision mode for Batman/Desmond/Jason Brody/Kyle Crane). I disliked obligatory second rate characters dying (why would i care about some teen and his sister if i don't know anything about them besides them being stubborn and stupid?). I disliked mandatory and annoying lockpicking minigame every other minute. I very much enjoyed music and some of the side quests but thats about it.Overall - i was not impressed. I've chewed through this game and spit it out and i have no desire to come back or play as a hunter. Its just a mediocre mishmash of an ideas from different games which are in turn mediocre mishmash copies of each other."
,Not Recommended,239140,14349013,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CWürth,"Let's go ahead and get this out of the way:Intel Core i7 3770K @ 3.50GHz16.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 686MHzXFX Radeon R9 295X2This game runs like utter garbage in it's current state.  I have never been more disappointed in a purchase than I am with Dying Light.  Other than the obvious PC from Console Port inventory system, the issues with performance on PC is just...terrible.  Shame on the developer for releasing this in such a broken and unplayable state.Just to be clear - this game ran great in the first little section of the tower.  But right away things become very annoying very fast - such as the overblown film grain and chromatic abberation.  The latter makes this game extremely blurry, distorted, and difficult to make out any details.  Once you step outside the tower and into the game, you can expect your FPS to drop, and drop, and drop.  Stare at the ground and you'll be fine, but if you want to actually play the game, be prepared to play in the 20 - 30 FPS range.Also, it's ""additional effects"" ie depth of field would have been nicely promoted had there had been a large disclaimer: WARNING - This game designed to be ran by NVidia powered GPUs only.As for the gameplay - I honestly couldn't tell you.  After a few minutes of attempting to fight zombies at extremely low FPS, exiting, adjusting effects, tweaks, and trying an external tweaking tool, I have finally given up on this title.Techland - You dropped the ball for PC gamers.Buyers beware, this is not a game worth playing right now."
,Not Recommended,239140,28566630,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Athirn,"While the Windows version is awesome (and I really love this game), the Mac port is a disappointing piece of trash. Techland should've hired Aspyr for porting the game to Mac — in that case Dying Light could've been running smoothly in macOS too. Just look what they have done with Deus Ex Human Revolution or Alien Isolation — two masterpieces of game porting. But with Dying Light there's a totally opposite situation: instead of a well running and highly optimised game we've got an app constantly crashing from the very start. Why? Just because of its absurdly high minimum sysreqs? Why the hell does it require to have on a Mac computer a whole AMD Radeon R9 M370X with 2 gigs of VRAM, while in Windows my old HD 6970M with 1 gig is quite enough to run it smoothly in 900p mode? Honestly, how many Mac users can play the game natively without Boot Camp with these sysreqs? Who has it been released for? In short, love this game on Windows, hate it on Mac."
,Not Recommended,239140,14231256,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,iFoxhound05,GTX 980 here. Hitting about 30 frames. I dont recommend this game until the performace patch is out.
,Not Recommended,239140,14397008,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Aurani,"EDIT (Patch 1.4.0 15/02/15)Spent over 40 hours having fun with my friends in co-op while enduring various bugs only to get a disappointing and anticlimactic singleplayer only Quick Time Event with the final boss.Farcry 3 pulled this crap with their boss fights and it was not entertaining at all, although they at least had the decency to put some effort into the scene rather than just boringly pressing X to not die. Was it really too much to ask for that the players get to personally cave the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s skull in with a 2x4""?""The Whole Story"" is finally unlockable, provided you have at least something left to do in the world to complete in order to update the achievement's tracker.That's one less bug hindering me from maybe reconsidering my opinion of this game."
,Not Recommended,239140,16127666,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hapa,I can't recommend a game that doesn't work on one of their main features that is coop play. If you are a Linux user and plan to play coop DO NOT BUY until coop for linux is fixed!
,Not Recommended,239140,14549415,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Gravitas Shortfall,"The game looks gorgeous, but the only positive thing I can tell you.The Linux version runs poorly in comparison with the Windows version. On my work machine (a beast sporting a GTX 780, 32GB of RAM and a 4.2GHz Core i7) it is barely playable in Ubuntu 14.04 even with the graphics settings turned down and installing the latest and greatest graphics card drivers from the nVidea site. Same deal with my (less beastly) home linux setup. However, my mate with the exact same H/W (with Windows) next door has it run like a dream.Beware the recommended H/W specs for the linux version.Disappointed that the developers are willing to sell a linux version for £40 that is so badly ported."
76561198019305462,Not Recommended,239140,20181416,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rotten Dumplings,"It uttelry boggles me that this game is currently rated as ""very positive"" in relation to total overall  user reviews. The parkour is cheesy, the combat mechanics are horrid and tediously unnecessary (i.e. strike enemy, walk backwards, strike enemy, walk backwards...you see where I'm going with this). Weapon degeradation is the worse I've ever experienced in a game (nothing like watching your ""metal"" hammer deteriorate before your eyes after striking a ""fleshy"" zombie a few times). Come on! Steel hammer vs. human flesh...the degredation is borderline game braking, to the point of wondering whether or not the developers understand that metal is not similar in durabilty to that of cheap plastic - that principle has seemingly escaped them.It's a casual game geared towards mindless persistence based player progression. Let me lay out the game in black and white:- Start- Obtain mindless mission with weak plot given to you by a parkour instructor that was looking to train/teach potential clientele prior to the zombie apocalpsye??!! What the...- Jump from rooftop A to rooftop B using annoying ""parkour"" skills- Avoid horde of Zombies- Attack small group of zombies using various weapons with awkward stats- ""Level up"" - if that is what you call it in this game- Collect metal parts to repair the weapons that are continuously damaged in the process of beating down zombies while leaping around like a wannabe dare devil- Obtain another mission....rinse and repeatOh yeah! Don't forget about the tower the game is centered around. It is ""full"" of people that are somehow reliant on ""just you"" to do all their work for them (yeah! the main base of operations is saturated with incompetent helpless souls). They have weapons, they have the numbers, but they can't collect the continuous airdrops that bring in their desperatly needed medical supplies; which, are only guarded by 3 or so humans each time - I guess only a single human being is capable of such a task - *rolls eyes*.If the aformentioned information hasn't made you reconsider purchasing this game, at least make sure to buy it when it is $20 or less. Simply put, this game is not worth $60 when taking into consideration other titles that are avaialble. Otherwise, just buy/rent/borrow a cheesy zombie movie and watch a few parkour ""fails"" on youtube. That alone is far more entertaining, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,239140,14768284,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Angrytiger,"Why so many downboats? Sorry I looked deeper than the purdy grafix.I am loathe to resort to the most common accusation leveled at this game, but... Dying Light is basically Dead Island set in a city, with parkour elements.It tries its best to get away from the formula that Techland introduced in Dead Island, but it feels like much the same game, if we're being honest: Get fetch quests from a varied cast of NPCs that involve you running around to collect X or Y thing that they REALLY NEED RIGHT NOW. Spicing it up a bit is the change-up in your means of getting around the game world. Gone is DI's empty roads that you have to drive along to get to an obviously-contrived 'hot spot' for action; instead, you're put into a world full of buildings that are conveniently covered with perfectly spaced ledges and balconies that let you climb up and around them, a la Assassin's Creed.While we're on the subject: Player movement. My comparison to AC is not accidental; while the manner of movement is definitely quite fluid, it follows the formula the Creed games laid down, rather than the liquid flow of Mirror's Edge as many people were hoping for. This is not to say that the movement doesn't feel good -- it's a great feeling when you're able to chain together a bunch of breath-holding leaps across the empty space between buildings, hoping that you don't mistime your jump and fall short. But unfortunately, until the very end of leveling up your agility skill tree (more on that later), where you max out the speed at which your movement animations play out, you'll often find yourself losing the flow as your character takes a solid 5 seconds to clamber up a wall. Granted, he does much more than most of us can probably ever do in real life, but from a gameplay standpoint, it detracts a bit from the feel.If you've played Dead Island, sorry, but you will find that you fight EXACTLY the same way you did there. No real finesse is present in combat -- you mash the attack button and your character flails their hammer/pipe/wrench/other melee weapon of choice wildly. Now, landing hits is satisfying, especially what I'm guessing are 'critical' hits (haven't really figured it out yet) where there's a dramatic slowdown in the game as you watch your weapon smash into the enemy, and a weird little translucency pops up where you see their skeleton -- maybe showing that you're breaking bones? This isn't much more than a visual effect, though, as I haven't yet noticed being able to target particular parts of enemies' bodies and disabling them -- they either usually die before I can noticeably cripple them (for the baseline zombies), or I'm too busy trying not to get killed (with the ""Volatiles"", basically the super-zombies that can run and stuff).Enemy variety is utterly predictable, unfortunately. You've got your slow, inattentive, shambling zombies that make up the bulk of the enemies. This wouldn't be so bad were it not for the fact that the durability mechanic from DI returns -- so even against the most basic, harmless zombie, you might easily use up a good portion of your weapon's effectiveness. Then there's brutes (not sure what the in-game name is off the top of my head, it's only mentioned in passing by a few NPCs), a sort of 'miniboss' that tries to smash you with a chunk of rebar that leaves it with openings that are easily exploitable. Then, of course, at night, there are the volatiles, the 'running zombies' of the game that are touted as (and are actually) the real threat to your health. These chase you down and do far more damage than their shambling brethren.Now, how about the day/night cycle? The rough format of the game is about half an hour of (player's time) gameplay being daylight, and then a ten minute cycle of night. Daytime is the safest time for you to run around and collect supplies, accomplish missions, etc. Most enemies will be normal zombies, with a few brutes and gimmicky 'advanced' enemies present (among others: Virals, recently-turned zombies who still carry melee weapons and may throw them at you, and move a bit faster; environmental-suited zombies whose SCBAs can explode when hit; spitters, which launch corrosive goo at you that deals damage over time; and exploders (for some reason, I can not think of the name of these, even though the game clearly tells you and loading screens mention them), which are suicide zombies that explode). There will also occasionally be bandits, human enemies who are terrorizing normal survivors and/or stealing supplies before you can reach them, armed with melee weapons, throwing weapons and, in end-game, guns.Night is for the brave, or for those who can't reach safe havens in time. The aforementioned volatiles spawn, and even normal zombies will be a bit more aggressive. As a consolation, the game gives you double experience for actions, both in the agility and combat skilltrees, meaning that whether you're inadvertently caught out after dark or purposely trying to train up, you might sometimes be better suited staying out.Skills are... interesting. There's three skilltrees, based on movement, combat, and... I guess general perks would be the best description. The Agility tree gives you new movements to perform while parkouring (slide under obstacles while sprinting, vault over enemies, do certain attacks while sprinting, etc.), as well as giving a few core skills that are more or less essential as they increase your stamina and animation speeds. The Power tree gives you increased damage, more 'combat stamina' (a separate stamina bar that appears/is used while fighting), and some new moves to use against the infected for special effects (like stunning them, heavier attacks, etc.) The last tree, Survivor, is basically the progression marker of the game, as points for it only come from accomplishing missions or doing things like clearing out and activating safehouses. In it you'll find such skills as ""Carry more gear"", ""buy stuff for cheaper"", or ""Repair weapons faster""; as well as a few gems like the ability to craft short-duration boosters from miscellaneous plants harvested from the world or rudimentary throwing stars for a distance attack. The grappling hook, easily the most-useful perk, is also near the end of the tree.Crafting is a fairly straightforward system, with you hoarding everything you can get your hands on and eventually gathering enough mats to put together whatever thing you're aiming for. For the most part, you'll probably want to save mats for weapon mods -- equipment that can be attached to weapons to increase their stats, add elemental effects (burning, shocking, etc.), and so forth. The appeal of this is a bit removed, though, as you know that weapons won't last forever, and only have a limited duration (even after repairing) before you lose both the weapon and the mod attached to it. Blueprints, both for weapon mods and for other random things to craft like equipment to use in combat (firecrackers to distract enemies, for example), are found both from certain Survivor skills, as well as occasionally as mission rewards.I don't seek to praise or criticize the story, voice acting, graphics, anything like that, as that is outside my realm of comfort. All I seek is to teach potential buyers about the gameplay. And as it stands: Unless you LOVED Dead Island, got every bit of DLC and whatever for it, etc., this game is unfortunately not worth 60 bucks. Wait for a sale. It's good, on its own merits, but it's just too barren of a world for a full-price purchase. I was hoping for a Day Z-esque feeling, almost, with having to scrounge supplies and literally do everything from feed myself to deciding whether to keep going without sleeping. Instead, your character can stay awake forever (if you so choose), food is a small health recovery item that is auto-used on pickup, and looting consists of shoving your backpack full of hundreds of boxes of nails and rolls of duct tape."
76561197983885546,Not Recommended,239140,14786873,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Epica,"Dying Light.Seriously , what can i say about this game?Gameplay is a mess.Graphics hinder gameplay.Story is a bag of cliche's and fails completely.Lack of immersion or personality.This game is aweful and i rate it a 1/10 for the effort."
,Not Recommended,239140,15960566,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Commander Smoof,I would recommend this game...to people with Nvidea graphics cards. If you have AMD graphics the game runs extremely slow no matter what graphics settings you have on making it almost impossible to play(especially during the night). This is even due to a bug that the developers are highly aware of and for some reason over 3 months after the games release have made no effort to fix. while yes in itself this game is actually pretty good but when the developers make no effort to fix a near game breaking bug  its not only insulting but its also unacceptable. then again this is coming from the people who made dead island so i really shouldnt expect much...
76561198113762894,Not Recommended,239140,18148383,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Fates-Champion,"Some games I buy and do not play very much, I realise they are just not my thing and I move on.This game I foolishly played to try and get some value for money, to give it a chance. I wish I had never bothered, I just ended up hating it.What I disliked most of all were the parts you had to jump to complete mission or move on in the game. I like climbing and jumping when its my choice to do so, but repeatedly having to jump to gain a platform fail and try again is not my idea of fun, all with climbing mechanics that are very unpredictable is very annoying.Found weapon durability very frustrating, how can a piece of metal keep breaking so quickly just because I've crunched some skulls. Hate games where weapons soon become useless.This is not a true open world game, too many parts which you are forced to complete before you can move on. You could not just go any where you liked.There was one thing I liked about this game, and that was kicking a zombie to death, it took away some of the frustrationof having wasted my money.This is the only time I have asked Steam for a refund on the grounds that it was not what it stated, an open world game but was refused, despite all of the games I have brought, this is the only one I have ever asked for a refund on. I have had better service from Gog games and E.A. Steam could learn customer service from them."
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,239140,19758692,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mystic Exarch,"The gameplay of this game is basially dead island done slightly better. It's the same concept, only their are some interesting new features. Such as grappling hooks, shields, shurikan, etc. The biggest improvement is the parkour system, where virtually everything in the game is climable. You can free run, vault over stuff, zip down ziplines, and scale buildings. This gives you a lot more mobility which in a zombie game is rather important. It's a cool innovation on the genre, but it has downsides. Towards the end of the game it becomes very tedious. A lot of quests have long sequences of nothing but climbing. It practically becomes half the game. And it's very frustrating to fall down and die over and over again simply because it was unclear how the game expected you to navigate a climbing sequence. To make matters worse, the parkour system is often fickle and unresponsive. Like, you can fall off something even though you're holding the climb button like you're supposed to. Overall, it's very wonky which makes this aspect super annoying.The other main difference between this and dead island is the night zombies. The game has a realistic day/night cycle and at night, these super dangerous special zombies come out. The game is almost action during the day and survival horror at night. This is a really cool idea, but the way the game handles this is super lame. The special zombies are almost impossible to kill, making night mode just about running as fast as you can to the nearest safe zones. If you try to fight, you die it's just that simple. The zombies can't get in the safe zones, meaning that you're 100% safe. And they have beds where you can just wait till morning. So most of the time you don't even get to experience night mode, you just go to a safe zone and go to sleep. There are a few quests which can only be done at night, but these are few and far between and would have been great if there were more so that there was a real reason to go out at night. As it is, the only thing you get is double XP which isn't worth it because you'll probably die right away and lose survivor points. The night system would have been better if they toned it down quite a bit and removed the safe zones. That way, you actually need to survive instead of just running to a safe zone and sleeping. Alternatively, they could have made the zombies attack the safe zones, which you then have to defend. It just needs something extra to add more substantial gameplay. Overal, night mode is kind of a wasted opportunity to do something really unique in an overpopulated genre. In fact, Dead Island did this better because it did have a ""zombie seige"" mode.The next thing is the RPG elements. They're a lot more streamlined then they were in dead island. This game lacks different characters that act as classes so there's a lot less you can do with your character. Everyone has the three same skill trees and will most likely end up picking similar skills because there are some that are clearly better than others. In addition, there are no leveled enemies or anything like that.I was really hoping for the story to save the game but it becomes rather dull and predictable. It hits every single cliche there is, no joke. Like:-enemies convienently missing with all of their shots-bad guy that gives the heroes multiple chances to escape instead of just killing them-damsel in distress-BIZZARE dream sequences that make no sense-philosophical villianActually, I want to do a whole thing on that last one. The villian in this game is about as uninteresting as you can possibly get. He's contantly rambling on about some wierd pseudo-profound philosophy BS. I was praying that he would just shut up because he is so boring to listen to. We never learn much about him either, like his motivations or backstory. He does a lot of generic villian things too, like challenge the hero to one-on-one fights and yell the hero's name dramatically. Ughh, bland.Finally the single worst part of the game, HANDS DOWN. The boss battle. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing QTE boss battle. Literally, that's all it is. I'm holding an assualt rifle in my hands, but instead of just shooting him I have to sit there and let him attack me with a machete while I slowly dodge his attacks. It's just a stupid mechanic because you inevitably end up not hitting the botton fast enough. So you just have to memorize what button you have to press, get past one QTE, die to the next one, memorize it, beat it the next  time, rinse and repeat. I had all these epic weapons that I upgraded and customized and was itching to use in the climactic last battle. But I don't even get to use them. You just do this wierd chase sequence, kill maybe 50 zombies, climb a building for 20 minutes, and do a QTE boss battle. So impressed. Now I have to keep playing if I want to use my awesome weapons, but it's kind of letdown to just go smash some weak♥♥♥♥♥zombies with them instead of using them on a hard boss.While this game DOES have some innovative new features, all they do is make it look pretty. At it's main core, Dying Light is very stereotypical of the genre and doesn't offer a new experience. In some ways, it's even a step back as it suffers from some severe flaws that older and better zombie games did not. I would say buy this if you REALLY love zombies games and aren't fatigued of the genre, or if not, wait until a sale. You could even bypass it entirely, as you're not missing much if you choose that option."
76561198102166377,Not Recommended,239140,14631612,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sir Beanter,"Dying light is a game in which you are able to revist ""more serious version"" dead island and mirors edge combined which is quite an intersting idea but gets very dry and repetive after a few mission because all you do is climb buildings to kill zombies to climb more buildings for more loot to kill more zombies. this game is not bad it's just not worth the 60 bucks you have to pay for it if i were to give this a price it would 20 dollars the same amount as most of the ""popular"" zombie games right now."
,Not Recommended,239140,18477561,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Amanda Hates Valv,"Spoilers, obviously. I'm only in the second part of the game but I'm disappointed enough to write this review. DO NOT SPEND FULL PRICE ON THIS GAME. Wait forit to go on sale and I mean like 75% off. I am very sad that I spent $60 on this game. It's more like a Dead Island DLC. The short version: buggy, under developed, boring story. S.S.D.D. survival horror game.You know, I wanted to love this game. Dead Island and Dead Island 2 are two of my favorite games. Dying Light is basically Dead Island. Same graphics, noises, weapons, etc. I would be fine with that except the game is not fully fleshed out. Some of the things I LOVE about this game is the parkour element, the grappling hook, and the attention to detail in the melee combat. It's just very difficult to enjoy the good parts of the this game when the bad parts are so distracting.When I first started playing I ended up being smitten with the same aspects most reviewers noted: the fluid movement, the nice graphics, yadda yadda yadda. Unfortunately that's just not enough to cover what is obviously a rushed and poorly planned game.Some issues with the game:This is an open world game but there is nothing to discover. If you spend 10 minutes running around an area then you've seen everything the entire game has to offer, except for a few story-released zombies. There are a lot of places to go, that's true, but there is nothing to see when you get there that isn't just ""hey look how cool the city looks from here"".  The only hidden things to find are things the developers maybe thought were funny, like a weak reference to Destiny (a place called a Loot cave with no decent loot and nothing to kill except a couple of slow biters - why bother?). There isn't any special loot to find other than a useless sword called EXPcalibur (which doesn't effect your XP and only has a 7 in durability), a machete blueprint that gives you a weak machete with no special features (Korek), and then your regular kind of blueprints and achievement related collectibles. One of the big draws of an Open World game is that exploration is usually rewarded with big challenges and amazing rewards. In this case there is no motivation for the player to explore. There's nothing to find - no cool loot, no terrifying enemies, nothing story related. Don't bother, just stick to the main story.My other problem is that the game gets... well... boring. Once you've hit your level caps (which is really easy to do before you even leave the slums if you do all the side missions there) there isn't much to do except advance the story. It's all the same fetch or kill sub missions with subpar rewards. The only reason to do them is to build up your XP because again, the best weapons will be in the shops and most of the blueprints are useless since base weapon damage evolves so quickly.Weapons are boring. There are no special weapons to find, like I mentioned. The shops will have the best weapons. The melee weapons are all the same from Dead Island - sledgehammers, machetes, katanas, sickles, hammers, etc. There are only 3 and 1/2 guns in the game - hand gun, shotgun, and police or military rifle (same gun basically). There are no modifications or upgrades to the guns. The guns don't increase in damage as you progress in the game despite the fact that the color changes in your inventory (white for common all the way to orange for epic/ultimate whatever). There is no special ammo. In the second part of the game you hear about and meet a gun smith and I thought ""awesome, finally something to do with the guns"". Nope. The gun smith gives you a blueprint for a sword. Seriously. I'm not joking.It was actually a weapon that made me write this review. There is a mission called Ultimate Weapon Challenge with Tobias. Do not bother doing it. After spending a bunch of time doing these challenges, all you're going to get is one weak machete with no special effects. No blueprints. Google rebel machete and you'll see a lot of people asking what happened there. The final challenge lets you use an awesome face-melting machete with mind-blowing effects on it. It would be SO MUCH fun to use in the game. But you don't get to keep it, you get the 300 damage plain rebel machete instead. Either the developers are completely lazy and forgot to finish these kind of details or they did this on purpose to be jerks and prank their players. Either way it's very disappointing.Zombies are boring. There are only biters, goons, virals, volatiles, bombs, demolishers, and toads. That's it. All the same stuff as Dead Island, except for the volatiles. The previews made the volatiles seem important to the story. I was honestly intrigued by them because they reminded me of the zombies from I Am Legend. Turns out they are just... there. Nothing important about them. No explanation for what they are despite the fact that they don't seem human. No reason to even include them in the game. You don't even see them in parts of the game where you would expect them to be an issue. I assumed Rais's pit would have them but nope. The volatiles are wasted because they were at least a little bit original AND intimidating.The story is cliche. If you've played Resident Evil and Far Cry then you know the story already because it's basically a mash up of the two. Rogue agent becomes an evil dictator and a global organization wants to weaponize the virus (and yep, still just a virus like every other zombie game). All twists are revealed right in the beginning. There is ZERO character development. There is nothing original about ANY of this. I honestly wouldn't mind any of these boring elements if anything made the game redeemable - lack of development in the world and weapons can be justified with a good story, and a bad story can be forgiven if there is a lot of fun stuff for me to find or discover. In this case, it's just boring, under-developed stuffed wrapped up in a pretty package and saved only by the addition of the Imfaous-style parkour element.I'm going to finish the game but it's the last game I'll buy from these developers at full price."
76561197996630468,Not Recommended,239140,15989782,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,trilobite,"Dying Light: a disappointmentAfter playing Dying Light for 13 hours, I have decided to set it aside. Normally, I am motivated to play a campaign from beginning to end. My main motivation now for this game is that I just paid $45 for it, and I should try to get some enjoyment out of it. But alas, I’m done. There are very few games where I just bailed out before the end. Recently, I stopped playing Alien: Isolation – but that was not because it was bad. I stopped playing Alien: Isolation because it was too good – too freakin’ scary. It was an excellent game that scared the bejesus out of me. But Dying Light is another story.I had wanted to play this game since its release several months ago, but I waited (as I usually do) for it to go on sale – which happened this weekend. The game has amazing promise. A very large cityscape that I am free to explore… if you could call sprinting and scampering over rooftops, exploring – which it really isn’t. And you really need to keep up the speed when traveling through town, because zombies are ever-present. Still, the city and associated landscape are beautifully done. The parkours mechanic is nicely implemented, and I think it is the most enjoyable and satisfying part of the game. Nearly every wall and roof overhang is climbable. Works nearly flawlessly. I soon developed a high degree of confidence about navigating through the city by using this reliable parkours method.There are two major problems with this game that rapidly drained my enthusiasm for it. I tried to “man-up” and try harder. But I finally threw in the towel. Dying Light was a surprising and sad disappointment for me.Problem No. 1: Medkits. As I progressed deeper into the campaign and started leveling up, the necessity for medkits increased significantly. Ultimately, my main activity was reduced to searching for the materials needed to fabricate medkits, namely alcohol and gauze. The alcohol was fairly abundant, but the gauze was exceptionally rare. So, side missions and the main campaign had to be postponed, and the game became a grind of seeking out materials for making medkits. People who enjoy the “survivor” style of gameplay will love this game. I don’t. I love zombie games because I like killing zombies in the most brutal and deformative ways possible. But because of the shortage of medkit materials, there is a disincentive to go near zombies. This despite that in order to complete missions, there is no way to avoid zombies. Which leads me to problem no. 2.Problem No. 2: Weapon repair limitations. The best way to collect good weapons is by killing the antagonist’s guards who you find on patrol in the city. Problem; these are dangerous encounters that suck medkits. Crazier problem, the weapons have a repair limit. This wouldn’t be so bad if the weapons lasted a decent amount of time, but they don’t. A seemingly durable object like a brick hammer has about 30 strikes in it before you need to repair it. Early in the game, a weapon can be repaired a maximum of three times. Afterwards, it cannot be repaired and becomes essentially useless. This leads to the next grind – constantly searching for new weapons to replace tired old weapons. This is especially a waste if the weapon had been modified (which consumes resources) or upgraded (which depletes the one-use upgrade resource).Both of these “challenges” create an incentive to avoid the main campaign or any side missions because they could involve encounters with zombies which, in turn, will jeopardize miniscule medkit supplies, and which could damage the melee weapons that took so long to find and modify. In other words, it’s a zombie game in which you dare not try to kill zombies.An internet search for “Dying Light medkits” reveals several links showing how players can harvest an unending supply of  medkits and medkit materials by climbing a bridge tower and zip-lining across the gap to an isolated section of the bridge. Although this exploit can solve the problem with medkit shortages, such extraordinary measures shouldn’t be necessary. Besides, they cheapen the game experience.The medkit fiasco and irreparable weapons policy, unfortunately, are the most “original” aspects to the game. Otherwise, Dying Light is a mashup of Mirror’s Edge (the parkours transits), Dead Island (the zombies and weapons), and Far Cry 3 and 4 (the comm towers; and the psychopathic antagonist) – which sounds like a winning combination. But it wasn’t for me. I don’t need the story to be original. I mean there are only about 30 stories that can be told. The key is the “telling” of the story. We crave that an original and imaginative style be used to communicate the essence of a story we all know so well – but in new and different ways. Ironically, In Dying Light, I have become conditioned not to care about the story because I’m afraid I’ll die due to lack of medkits, and I’m afraid that my precious weapons will soon become irreparable and useless. So, instead of campaigning as a fearless warrior, I have been reduced to a cautious curator. For me, what could have been an interesting, progressive and satisfying zombie-infested campaign sadly regressed into a beautiful and gigantic survival arena.For the record, I am listing zombie games that I have thoroughly enjoyed:Left 4 DeadLeft 4 Dead 2The Walking DeadDead IslandDead Island Riptide"
,Not Recommended,239140,14488931,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,RadGH,"first half of the game is amazing. second half of the game is predictable and uninteresting.ending of the story has a massive flaw which completely ruined the game:your character has a spare bottle of antizin from the first night mission which he tucked in his pocket and never used. he could use it near the end of the game to save someone important.also an annoyance:the game ties in the green zombies from the very beginning and drags their lore along through the story. when you finally realize what they are, it's really minor and only used for one really simple mission.would recommend for parkour and gameplay, not for story.also multiplayer is FULL of hackers who spawn in items with 1000+ damage. so play alone or with friends, or have your experience ruined."
76561197983038935,Not Recommended,239140,14587344,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Nanner,"This is not your typical zombie game.  Sure you explore, gather supplies, run missions to make friends, etc.  However, you are much better off avoiding combat because these infected corpses don't take no crap from mere mortals.  Thats right, you are not the super strong macho guy with ninja-like reflexes. At least at the start you arn't. You are just a normal person who tires easy when swinging that baseball bat or running short distances from that zombie hoard.On the positive side, the story line was good as were the graphics.  Also, there was a bit of a sense of immersion. For example, I'll never forget running from the nighttime baddies that first night in the WRONG DIRECTION because the terrifying noises they made caused me to panic.  After that, however, it was rather easy to avoid them on subsequent night time trips.On the negative side, the interface that allows access to your inventory can be a bit tricky. I managed to waste precious moltovs accidently a frew times; and at key combat moments found I could not access key items like throwing stars.  That's a minor and temporary annoyance, though.  The big let down was that many of the missions made me feel like I was training to be an acrobat.  I appreciate the option of avoiding combat with zombies and the like by jumping on roof tops etc, but after a while it seemed as if I was just a circus monkey performing tricks for the Devs.  Again, the acrobatic stuff was great idea, just poorly implemented IMHO.As a semi open world, it's fun to just explore and gather supplies; however, I kept having to come back and do those stupid 'monkey has to do it THIS way' tricks on the main quest to keep going.  For me, the fun just quickly died out.  Overall, I was rather disappointed.  As a result, I cannot recommend it."
76561198116822251,Recommended,239140,14192180,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Viper Helios,I love this game
76561198059110645,Not Recommended,239140,14198247,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,"Flamingkitty ""Skill Of Noob""","This game is pretty much Dead Island with parkour. its laggy, not nearly enough items spawn, killing the zombies is like trying to beat up a brick wall with a stick amd shops have horrible price balances. 2/5 at worst, and when you do get to some of the interesting parts, or if you make it to end-game where i can only guess there will be guns, maybe a 4/5. There is no shame in asking 50$ for a game instead of 60$ if the quality is lower than some other games."
,Recommended,239140,14221463,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Shnarf Flarf,Nice to have a zombie game that is not in early access for once. 11/10 would 60 fps again
,Not Recommended,239140,18062800,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,fiTTer,"The game constantly crashes in single player mode. I don't like to have to keep starting over from the last saved point. It sucks to spend money on a game that has these types of crashes, bugs or issues. Going to request a refund as it has only been a day since getting it."
,Not Recommended,239140,20055329,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SLRRP,"One of the more frustrating games I've played in recent years. You will die a lot and most of the time there will be little to nothing you could do about it. Poor AI, inconsistent combat and parkour systems. and bland mission objectives (hey go grab me x/y/z/s/f/d/sdfsdfsdf) bring down another game which could have been great but the devs settled for mediocracy. There are so many flashes of brilliance but at the end of the day you will be so distraught with its shortcomings that they will be overlooked."
76561197990790039,Not Recommended,239140,15313255,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ReforMatt,"Great Game!  if you can get it to run...  constant crashes and is virtually unplayable.  litterally every 10 to 15 mins.  i finally get somewhere and boom... walk across the map again.  anyway i have tried everything that i could, updated and reinstalled graphics and system drivers, reinstalled game, modified and removed overclocking, windowed, not windowed, dropped graphics settings, nothing works.  wish they would fix the known issues with the game stability before they try to make more money on DLC's with their still unfinished product."
,Not Recommended,239140,14448644,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Goolius Boozler,"While I would reccomend this game for it's story, beautiful graphics (even on lowest settings) and amazing mechanics, I can not write a review where Ii suggest in confidence to buy this game. First off, if you do not have an intel/nvidia rig, it will run like absolute garbage. Their promises with the optimization patches have so far gone without action. PLus, whenever I fight a group of non infected people, before I can even land a kill, I lose the ability to sprint, throw weapons, attack, aim in, and kick. I have lost countless survivor points because of this ridiculous and farcical flaw. I have to quit the game every time it happens (which is far too often for my taste) and most of the time, this happens where Rias's men show up. Air drops. This bug intrudes on some of the major points of this games gameplay, ruining the experience genuinely for whoever this happens to. Now, I'll never know what the game is fully like in the higher levels, seeing as though I'm missing all my survivor points because of a gaping, erroneous flaw."
,Not Recommended,239140,14814918,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[Daddy]Hitman,The game play is fun in the short bursts you get to play it between crashes.  I have spent more time restarting the game than I have gotten to spend playing the game.  I would suggest waiting until they fix this problem or just investing in a game you can acutally play.
,Not Recommended,239140,22610166,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,JayGazer,This game is pretty boring.  It's like Dead Island with lagging parkour.  Story line is real flimsy as well.  I thought it would be a bit more fun to play but I got bored after a couple of hours of running around and avoiding slow moving zombies.
,Not Recommended,239140,14438537,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Uexx,"Gameplay: 6/10.  Story: 2/10.You're thrown in a town for some mission, and you get to listen to the main protagonist play the ""Pronoun Game"" with some voice on the radio for a little bit before talking about getting some file.  Then meet a handful of characters for all of roughly 20 seconds each before the main character becomes insanely and overly-attached to them and decides he ""MUST SAVE THEM NO MATTER THE COST!"" for no reason at all, before <insert generic plot here> is applied to the script.The devs of this game must have played Farcry, saw a crazy boss, and decided ""Hey we need to do that"", because the ""Boss"" in this game is all over the place for no reason at all, almost to the point where you might find youself repeatedly asking ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is logical about this?""Throw in the QTE End-""Boss fight"" coupled with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ending and once the game is over you'll essentially be sitting there limp dicked with another ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is this?"" look on your face.Overall: 5/10, unless you're the type to be superhyped about killing some zombies, and being forced to LOCKPICK EVERYTHING, I'd wait until this game hits the less than $30 mark."
76561198038459445,Not Recommended,239140,21165367,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ArmoredCascade,do not get this game its broken even on powerful rigs alot of ppl are having the same problem crashing every 5 - 10 mins im still stuck at the start of the game in loading where Crane says hes been given an job crashes there i turn everything down set the res to the lowest size put it out of full screen mode and still i crash its not the ppls rigs its the game itself buy it when they fix the problem otherwise you'll be stuck with a 60$ game that u cant play its been going on sense last year
,Not Recommended,239140,22278450,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ChuckleBags,"I love Dying Light. Like the Dead Island series before it, this game has gameplay I adore. Crafting weapon mods! Spectacular graphics! Physics model that sends enemies flying!But Dying Light has problems. Some severe ones. The PC controls are a simple port of the console version. Vague, squishy, and with a hell of a lag, the controls make playing on PC ridiculously imprecise.But the gameplay! That's what made me fall in love in the first place with this game. Pasting on a parkour mechanic seemed like a great idea. Maybe, but it IS one that takes an infuriatingly long time to adapt to on PC because console port.Where Dying Light really falls apart is in the end game. Not only is one of your primary tools removed for an absurd reason (""exhausted"" yet able to climb up the outside of a 30-story building, ffs?), an entirely new game mechanic is introducedliterally in the final battle.If just one of these things had happened it might have been forgivable. But both? Frack these game design choices.If you've already bought it, just don't play the end game and you'll be perfectly happy. If you haven't, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,239140,14497881,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Battletoad,Not Recommended
76561197974360764,Not Recommended,239140,22603151,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,pharring,After 6 hours I quit.  Game consists of mindly jumping games.
76561198051351289,Not Recommended,239140,28781150,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,thelegend27 [squid],"Imagine dead island but with amazing navigation mechanics, better graphics, and is actually fun with friends.maybe I'm salty because this is the millionth zombie game in existanceget winded after swinging a pipe four timesget winded twice to kill a single zombiethe steel pipe breaks after killing three zombiesgo to the trade posta hammer costs over a thousand dollars""matchmaking available, there are 8 sessions available in your current area""open matchmaking""none found""man what a masterpiecealso if you want to just ""try it out"" the tutorial is over an hour long if you skip cutscenes and dialogue so ♥♥♥♥ your refund."
,Not Recommended,239140,14334869,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Rusty,"As others have said, Dying Light is a game that is hard to recommend or not. It's not a terrible game but it's also not a great game. It has its cool and emotional moments but it also has its aggravating moments. The overall gameplay is okay, with the parkour being awesome at times and annoying at other times (usually when you end up with unexpected falls and lose a lot of time if your respawn point is too far back) and the combat being average at best. I do admit however that it's one of those things where you might not realize how useful and fun it can be until you play a game without it as an option.Again, as others have said, Dying Light feels like a combination of Dead Island, Far Cry 3/4 (I haven't played four so I can't judge there) and Mirror's Edge. Some will see it as what Dead Island could have been. Others will see it as a game that tries to be too many types of games and ends up being a mediocre version of all of the above without excelling in anything.Gameplay wise, it's an Open-World Zombie epidemic type of game. There is a main quest line you can follow as well as secondary quests that open up over time that you can play when you feel like. As others have noted, often the secondary quests end up feeling more (perhaps much more) interesting and/or emotional then the main quest.You start with lousy melee weapons that don't do much damage and you can't take much damage, resulting in combat being risky and annoying enough that flight often feels like the reaction they intended for the player. While you do get guns later on, do more (and special via crafting) damage and become more damage reistant, the combat often (but not always!) doesn't feel all that fun. If anything, it can even feel like a chore at times (bear in mind, I'm saying *at times*). This may seem strange and it may have just been my personal experience however. The gameplay (especially at first) doesn't really seem designed for combat as the main course of action.One feature the game lacks that gets annoying is the lack of fast travel. This means you're going to be doing a lot of running around, which can get very annoying and time consuming. Given that there are no vehicles (although I note that ground vehicles would probably be slower given the games Assassin's Creed attitude of getting around via rooftops) and you can end up in a situation where doing some quests (especially secondary ones) can become a chore and you may well end up avoiding some due to the distance you need to travel.In short, it's all right game but it's nothing spectacular. While I do think it's worth at least a look (although be sure to bring plenty of patience) I might recommend it but only on a Steam sale. Because of this, while it does pain me to do so, I have to give this a not recommended even if only because I can't really recommend it and when deciding, I find myself favouring the not option, even if only very slightly."
76561198119259214,Not Recommended,239140,14333074,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Black Man,So far my recommendation it if you run Linux dont buy it.  Although this game is Linux compatible It doesnt work at all on most linux systems.  The only reason it says i have 1.8 hours is because thats the time I have waited for this games menue/logo to load.  The latest update(1.3.0) has helped a little but i cant give this game anything more than a zero despite the fact it looks amazing.btw I run specs greatly better then the recommended)0/10
76561198086750604,Not Recommended,239140,17363352,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ÜBERNAUT,"5/10 super boring, Millions of fetch quests just to fill in game time on extremley boring story. only positive is graphics and co-op."
76561198276941338,Not Recommended,239140,21296642,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,transientanima,"This game can run on a 2.4GHz dual-core processor in Windows, but it will crash on an 8-core 2.6GHz processor regularly in Linux. Fair warning. You will lose data, because the game features mandatory autosaving. You will be unable to immediately reconnect to your friend's games, because Dying Light does not permit quick reconnection after a crash. You will redo sidequests. The game is fun while it runs, but DEFINITELY don't try to buy this game and run it with less than 3.3 GHz ON A DESKTOP (they don't mention it, but these specifications are ONLY APPLICABLE TO DESKTOPS), unless you are okay with buying and trying this game AT YOUR OWN RISK. You will be offered NO FLESH-AND-BLOOD SUPPORT, despite the claims of Techland's automated emails. Fair warning. I'm thumbs-downing this game for its Linux support to make a point, even though it's very fun when it runs. For the record, I've crashed hundreds of times already, and redone my sidequests twice."
,Not Recommended,239140,14203849,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tombstone,Game is crap.  Don't waste your time.
76561198006565588,Not Recommended,239140,14463480,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Bluestrategist,"The game is tremendous fun when you're running around the city.But the cutscenes, which whould give you a genuine sense of connection to the characters, are just poor. Every time you are offered NO choice, moral or otherwise. You are railroaded into decisions again and again. And every time the bad guy pops up for another speech, I stand there with a fully arned police rifle and a double-barrelled shotgun, politely waiting to listen to his sub-Bond villain waffle. My character sobs over the death of some guy who had a couple of little cutscenes; I did not care about him in the slightest. They are all ciphers, one-dimensional plot-propellers.And in the game, if my skills are inconvenient, suddenly I am ""too exhausted"" to use them. Try designing the levels properly in the first place!The final straw for me is the awful, sleep-inducing rip-off from Max Payne where I wander through a pointless ""nightmare world"" with...oh my goodness - floating objects, and disembodied voices. Give me a break! How unoriginal can you get?Final, final straw - after passing out with only a friend nearby, I suddenly find all of my top-notch weapons have been taken magically from me to make the boss fight harder. That's it. Uninstalling."
76561198012383072,Not Recommended,239140,14371734,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SinkSankSunk,Worthless game with a prick that cant decide when he can grab and cant grab stuff
,Not Recommended,239140,14303392,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,428 | KPJAKE,"This game is unbearable in its stuttering/performance issues. Every game I have through Steam and purchase through retail works 100 percent of the time, yet I can't even get past the first mission without the FPS problem. I've tried all suggestions to no avail. Please be warned before purchasing this."
76561198050402615,Not Recommended,239140,24702328,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Se7en-100,Bad Optimization For AMD Cards The Game Crashed For Me About 15 Times ...And I Can't Finish The DLC Because Of The Stupid Co-op Saving System And All Of That After About A Year And a Half of Updates ...Good Job Techland .
,Not Recommended,239140,14200765,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lane Creep,"Game runs to a halt despite running recommended specs, the game is basically dead island in a city with parkour - the surival elements are nothing like Day-z - so if you want a game with those survival aspects this isn't for you."
76561197988044331,Not Recommended,239140,14363909,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jthorne19,"This is my experience so far after having played the game for a while. This game could offer a great gaming experience to the right player but I am having a hard time liking it. For a start, it is poorly optimized for the PC in my experience. I have had to download modding tools just to get it so it doesn't run like doo doo on my machine.The game play its self is a little flawed in my experience. I have died so many times it just puts me off playing the game. I am at a point in the game where the faster zombies are so prevalent that I can't finish the mission I am on without dying. You just can't lose them. You lose them for a little while then they are back on you. It's maddening to say the least. You could have run half way across the map and they still somehow find a way to get at you.The lack of items is a real burn too. I have to search for items and most of the time you end up with things you can't use. It just seems to me like it's not implemented in the game properly. I don't want to spend a lot of time searching houses for items. I want to get on with the missions and side quests but you can't even stand a chance at them if your aren't properly stocked with items. As a core mechanic that everything else rest on, it just seems very in-balanced.I do like the parkour aspect of the game but it's a small plus for a lot of negatives. To summarize, it seems to me that dying light is a game that is poorly optimized (in my opinion) and some of the game play mechanics that are at the foundation of the game destroy everything else built on top of it.It's sad really because I do want to like this game. Despite its flaws, I have still found myself saying 'try it once more' and trying to convince myself that it's my way of playing the game that might need to adjust but in the end, I just can't recommend this game as it stands. I may keep playing it and update my opinions of it but for now, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,239140,16226908,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,djdjdjdjx4,the game is broken the people dont show up
,Not Recommended,239140,21332329,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,( MI ) Mission Incredible,"The original game was more balanced and realistic. Its now become ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. No longer can you rely on the use of close combat weapons. The swords and weapons that you relied upon in the slums and old town are now worthless. A weapon with a base of 1200 or higher with 2-3 items crafted into it (medium Fire and electricity) are freaking worthless. Its like chopping moving rock. Its absolutely absurd to think that this is close to realistic. The balance is WAY off.You drive your a$$ all over the place with a buggy. I have had my FILL with buggy's . RAGE sucked because of it, and this game will also. You can drive forever in this heap, and go close to 1000km and the sun never goes down on you when your driving. I don't know abou you, but driving 600 miles takes close to 10 hours, especially in the countryside.I'd rather walk that drive this heap. leaping back and forth across the countryside is totally unnecessary. They should have thought, and planned this better. Its easier to unlock sections of the countryside with quests within a regoin, and push the exp[oration further. Nope, you just run all over the place with no clear restrictions and there are walls of zombies and volitales all over the place.Volitales are super fast, can outrun a car? WTF. I find this absolutely BS. Whoever thought of this had no creativity whatsoever. Its easier to make volitale zones where the obstacles force you to slow down or investigate where to go, making the heap creep in speed. no need for 100 MPH volitales. This is a game changer - one that I am immediately thinking of flushing right down the crapper. Don't give me the line about getting the heap upgraded and protect yourself by adding a cage and all the plaster $hit that comes with this thought process. The heap is totally unnecessary.It forces you to use assault weapons or smgs for easier kills, or a crossbow. For smg's or other weapons, it will bring the volitales and other creatures to you at an alarming rate. So if your primary weapons of choice, like a sword wont work anymore, you go searching for some weapon thats ""legendary"" and it too wont be worth a $hit in a hand basket if it takes 3 to 4 whacks per normal zombie. There are more zombies in the countryside than there are trees. Its freaking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The suicidal Bozo bombers are more available out in the wild as well. The concept and planning are just way off. Its like the developers just sat around and drank, came up with ideas and stuck with it.I am on the edge of tossing this thing in the crapper. This is beyond a challange, this is more of a path to frustration.Take the buggy and stone zombies and nuke the idea. Rage fell flat on its a$$ and this game and any future titles that attempt the same damn thing will too.It has turned into a heap because of the heap you drive and the heap of dead rotting flesh that now has 2-4 times the number of hitpoints than in the slums. Makes no sense what so ever. If you haven't bought the season pass it may still be a good idea not to. I'm glad I got this on sale when it was super cheap. The orginial game was fun. this expansion is simply too off balanced and has become a circus rather than an enjoyable experience"
76561198119337654,Not Recommended,239140,19290051,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Parkreiner,Fetch quest: the game. I bought this game on sale and i regret it. The level design is from hell. Co-op is just single player with a guest. You can see that the developers put the time in details and effects in the game. But everything else is below average.I strongly discourage people from buying this game. Don't be fooled by the pretty visuals.
76561198021757575,Recommended,239140,14236424,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,Very OUTSTANDING GAME!!!!!Its Just Like Dead Island But..The zombies Are A Bit Difficult To Take Down..Not Too Hard Multiplayer Is Awsome An Playing As Zombies..In Story Mode Weapon Modes Are Just Sic..Its A Parkour Free Running Game Not Too Bad On That!!Great Story Line!!Really Is A Must Own If Your A Zombie Fan!!10/10
76561198047306501,Not Recommended,239140,14373332,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,dogma,"Game is good and extremely enjoyable, but ending is very disappointing.SPOILER:A cliche quicktime event boss fight."
76561198001096484,Not Recommended,239140,21614939,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Handwipe,"Pros:1. Great atmosphere, the game is legitimately scary while traversing the world at night.2. Good melee combat. Not great but passable.Cons:1. Horrible consolized UI2. Poor game mechanics that make it unfair. I've never been so frustrated by a game, not due to it's difficulty but terrible design. I just finished xcom 2 and would never complain about it's difficulty because it's a brilliantly designed game. But Dying Light is just cheap. The autosave system is a total joke. This game was released in 2015, how is it possible that a developer still restricts players from saving their game?3. Parkour mechanics are half baked. I would rather stick an ice pick in both my eyes than climb another tower in this game, which was blatantly ripped off from Far Cry 3 by the way, but excecuted in a far worse manner.4. Performance problems. The game's graphics are hideous by today's standards yet I still have frame-rate problems with a very powerful system, and even worse, awful stuttering that can make the game completely unplayable at times.5. Dying Light has some of the absolute worst voice acting and writing you will ever see in any piece of digital entertainment. Honestly this is some cringe-worthy stuff here.Conclusion:With a garbage story, horrible writing, embarrasingly bad acting, frustratingly buggy unpolished gameplay, ugly graphics, console port issues, terrible autosave system, and a godawful user interface I whole-heartedly do not recommend Dying Light.3/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,17259388,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ire,the weed ass
,Not Recommended,239140,20614976,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DirtyFishy,"The dev learned nothing from Dead Island. All of the issues of Dead Island are here.Boring story, boring combat, boring characters and boring DLC.This game is pretty much Dead Island with better collision detection."
,Not Recommended,239140,16970406,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lann,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198239903562,Not Recommended,239140,19168036,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,morgade,"A solid first person plataformer with an over cliched story. It's really fun for the first hours, until you realise that most story missions are the same: go to a place, turn a switch, kill loads of zombies (and curse loud when you get killed by the ""Creeper"" bomb zombie).And ... When you can't think how the designers would show their lack in creativity, you get a clímax based on a totally out of place quick time events !!I wouldn't say it's a bad game. Not good either ..."
76561198051886798,Not Recommended,239140,14539279,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,origamer,"This game for many people is still a broken wreck, even after four patches.Techland forums are crammed with spam, and complaints about many major issues,, and the moderators are very thin on reassurances."
76561197970665771,Not Recommended,239140,18185784,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Flintwhistle,"For some reason, I could not get the game to recognize L3 (Sprint) on my Xbox 360 Controller (it works fine in other games). Without sprint available, you can't even get through the tutorial. Refund requested."
76561197999918222,Not Recommended,239140,14298748,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,wilemon,"Tried every trick and suggestion-drivers ,refresh, verify cache files -nothing works the game still runs slow and eratic ,poor mouse control etc.No other game on my computer runs like this."
76561197970335957,Recommended,239140,14191348,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sickboy,"Running on a laptop with Game setting all maxed out high.ASUS RoG G751J1920x1080Intel Core i7-4710HQ16 GB RamNvidia GTX 970mSSDNo issues so far, past quartermaster and outside play, looks great."
76561198041550897,Not Recommended,239140,14390281,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,blueimpb,"A lot of the negative reviews focus on the frame rate. The game isn't optimized well, it's true, but it's very playable with the most recent updates.   I found the gameplay disappointing, however.It's built on the Havok engine and thus looks a lot like Far Cry 4.  But it focuses a lot more effort on the ""parkour"" aspect of the gameplay.  I found this to be clunky and awkward.  You spend a lot of time running/jumping awkwardly from one end of the map to the other. There's a boring march of missions to go somewhere, pick something up, bring it back.Combat is lame, weapons break down at a comical rate (OK I've got a wrench...I can swing it about 10 times, then it ""breaks"", then I do something with ""scrap metal"" and now it's back to normal again!), the scavenging/selling/buying system is underdeveloped; basically nothing is fun about this game.3/10 would not blow 60 bucks again."
,Not Recommended,239140,17233520,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Freedom's Flame,"Dying Light not only fails to fix the problems which Dead Island was plagued by, it somehow managed to make them even worse and then added in a bunch of new systems which were in turn constantly pulled back by their own poor execution. I finished Dead Island and actually enjoyed it quite a bit, but I cannot say the same for this game."
76561198061903798,Not Recommended,239140,14304180,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[2DS]Da Warrior,"so this game cleary says co-op when you buy it but guess what guys its not online campaign co-op so dont waste your money, i wish i could get my money back what a rip off"
76561198115575354,Not Recommended,239140,14473525,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pete_avila,"Poor Techland Support, they pretty much gave me the middle finger. Can definitely count me out of Dead Island 2 after their service."
76561198076609798,Not Recommended,239140,22304491,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gendoh,"This Game is no Fun, you can't aktivate Mods and there is no Console, the Excuse from the Develeoper to prevent Hacker and Cheater in Online Game is very weak, i only play in Singleplayer but there i can't use Mods too - frustrating! and so i give the Game back, make games like Bethesda do it!! So i can decide myself how i want to play the game. Glad i become refund ."
,Not Recommended,239140,22304637,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,zwartjeeh,♥♥♥♥♥story line and every mission is the same.
76561197995318320,Not Recommended,239140,18204813,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ghostwish,"Constant crashing. Game will play for maybe 5 or 10 minutes before dying. I've updated my NVIDIA drivers, switched to windowed mode, set it to realtime priority on the CPUs, no effect. Thing is, I've got a buddy, Paladin, who plays just fine without issues, and as I've read around on the internet, it's really hit or miss on whether this game works for you. There's an entire spectrum of theories as to what the problem is, and no solid fix.Reviewing the game play is a rather moot endeavor when you can't play for any reasonable amount of time. I'll update the review if they fix this garbage coding.i7 3.4 gigs16 gigsGeForce GTX 970win7, 64bitFinal Edit: And I'm back. Someone asked me about this game, and I said ya know what? About time I finish my review.This game sucks. Now let's explain why. The first thing that irked me right off was their choice of control schemes involving the middle mouse/right mouse button. See, you get a shield ability, but in order to even use the damn thing requires you to use both the right mouse button and middle mouse button at the same time. On any ordinary mouse, this is an uncomfortable and painful process.Next you've got their always online nonsense. You can set it to friends only, but guess what? It'll still keep blathering on about what completely random strangers who are not on your friends list are doing.And then there's just the general game play. It's an awful, repetitive grind with a laughable challange. Basic zombies aren't even worth mentioning, their special zombies are annoying at worst, and those ""supah scary warry oooo"" night fiends? I was killing them for bored sport, just because I could and they were the only thing that could possible threaten me.Lots of little issues too. Fatin and Dulin speak each other's lines with their face animations, I was killed by forced character animations (went to loot, pivoted around and stood in the fire - box crashing through ceiling animation trapped me and killed me). And oh the challanges. UGH. There's this one limb hacking one, where you have to jump down in order to complete it, and they don't give you the slightest clue where to jump down (they have a specific location in mind) and I had to find it through trial and (fatal) error. And then there was one where the host, Jeff, starts yelling and jerking your attention away right in the middle of it, when he was supposed to yell at the end. Do the devs even know what polishing a game means?The rag doll physics are awful, the items are hit and miss at best (Firecrackers, for one. You'll get maybe 2-4 zombies, where as you can bang your weapon on a pole and get 12, which will also kill your weapon's durability too. Great! /sarcasm) and honestly? There's no point to this game. Dead Island was better, and that's a hurtful comment right there.I did have some good moments. One of my screenshots is of some interesting scene decorations, the letters on the ceiling. If you kill the goons in the school, they're the zombies in a later mission, which I thought was a nice touch. And when you get talking to this one fan girl of the female lead, she will very suddenly drop the issue of her dead sister on you. Caught me off guard at least.So it shows that there's some talent in this developer, but they've got a lot of glaring weaknesses. If you reallt, really want to give this game a go? Pirate it first, and then ask yourself if it's worth the price tag."
76561197986642527,Not Recommended,239140,17315404,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,BrainBoxBoy,Really not a bad game but I felt that the new parkour mechanics and story were not interesting enough to warrant a reccomendation. that's in addition to the fact that it also really doesn't do much to really differentiate itself from techland's previous dead island games. the only thing I can positive is that it's fun at times and when the COOP works its hilarious fun.But because of even the high price I payed (40 on sale) It's one of the games that I refunded as I felt a little ripped off when I could've gotten dead island and riptide for the same price when not on sale.
76561198115457106,Not Recommended,239140,17165398,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,BloodNectar,Booring... SUCH a Waste of Money... unless you like DeadIsland....
76561198095714003,Not Recommended,239140,21008393,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,vG.KellDrago🎮,"great game but techland first allowing mods/ trainers then with lettign anyone know drop vac bans on everone in a p2p server so they cant trade or play on servers in othere games!The problem is not in VAC. The problem is the Techland themselves.There is no info about VAC at DL store page, and no info at DL Community (no news etc.).If the developers were not so lazy and if they added VAC icon to the store page (or have posted the news about anti-cheat) we could avoid all these problems.But now we are all VAC banned in the game, which officially doesn't have VAC.Strange, isn't it?"
,Not Recommended,239140,18199011,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Polarbear,"I bought this game recently and i was unable to play it because it caused very serious motion sickness for me.    I was unable to play it at all, so if you get motion sick in games like fall out or bioshock, stay away.   It was fun....i just can't play it =\"
76561198046950750,Not Recommended,239140,21162017,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Isaac Goldstein,Полный отстой.
76561198120781255,Not Recommended,239140,15345178,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,LordCeolwulf,"would be awesome...if i could still play it, got the game close to release and all was good for awhile then we get the update and suddely all the zombies are invisible, along with random roofs, ledges, and patches of ground. cannot recommend until its fixed, super fun game just wont F   U   K    ing work"
,Recommended,239140,26303491,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ankido,"OK.  So one hour played and boy let me tell ya.  This game is amazing.  Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of first person games.  There is far too much head movement in DL and it's making me dizzy.  One of the biggest issues with FPS is people getting dizzy.  If you allow 3rd person, people like me can play these types of games a lot more easier.  Debating on playing for another 30 mins before I decide to return it since my brain won't function with the motion.  If you're into FPS games, this game is it.Honestly, FPS games take away from the beauty of the environment.  The game is so fast paced you don't have time to enjoy the scenery.  It's all go go go go."
,Not Recommended,239140,17908611,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,_Shock,"I bought this after playing the demo, and am currently requesting a refund. The demo felt misleading after playing the full game.I'll actually start this off by saying what I liked or loved about the game, and then I'll move on to why you shouldn't buy it.Things I liked:I like that this game doesn't take itself too seriously. It's a ""Survival"" game, but you don't have to worry about finding food, or much else, rather than just surviving the zombies.The combat system is very good, most games make it more difficult by giving enemies a ton of health rather than making them harder to fight. This usually just leads to repetitive, long battles, rather than challenging fast paced fights. The zombies are relatively easy to take out in small numbers, especially after reaching a decent level on your skills. Where you hit a zombie actually matters, a hit to the head may kill it instantly depending on your weapon, or a hit to the arm could dismember the arm. A hit to the abdomen will take a chunk out of the zombie, and after a few successive hits to the same region you could chop a zombie in half. The combat is GREAT, unless you're fighting humans (who are all Jedi, apparently. They tend to block almost all attacks, kicks hardly break their guard, various other inhuman reactions..)The movement system is also very good. They actually took a bunch of input from David Belle (the man credited with creating parkour), and it certainly payed off. I've been doing parkour for several years, and I have to say, it's implemented rather well (compared to assassins creed, per say.) It takes timing, precision, and learning so that you can better understand the best way to go. When you start the game, you're practically at the level of an experienced rock climber. You have the strength and climbing ability, but you aren't very good at the other aspects of parkour. Scaling a flat wall or climbing up onto a ledge is slow. As you level up your agility, you can learn more techniques, like the roll, or the tic tac (jumping off of the face of a wall, to the side or in front of you, while in motion. This includes climbing higher flat walls by taking a step or two on them before grabbing the top). The movement system makes it easier to defend against groups of zombies, because any more than just a few zombies in a group will overwhelm you. Unfortunately, the movement system isn't perfect, and I'll further explain in the ""things I didn't like"" section.The crafting system is silly, but practical, and I love it. Many different and efficient ways of offing zombies.Going out at night entirely changes the game, it's much more difficult and stealth based, and I love it.There are a multitude of types of zombies.Things I didn't like:The story is terrible (really, it is, just youtube ""Dying Light Review"" and they'll all say it)However, I wasn't even interested in the story, as a traceur, I just wanted good parkour, exploration, and combat. Unfortunately, while the movement system is good, it's not as perfectly implemented as it was in Mirrors Edge. What you can and can't grab is inconsistent, identical looking ledges may be grabbable in one place and not the next.Motion blur can't be entirely disabled, and solar flares are blinding (as if you are actually looking through a camera, which would explain the Film Grain setting that was only recently updated so you have the option to remove it) and it really takes a lot from being able to focus on enjoying everything. You can't enjoy what you can't see when it comes to games.I read that the full game is moddable (prior to purchase, it's why I made the purchase), so I found a mod that would disable motion blur, sun flares, and chromatic aberration, but I later discovered that the developers totally eliminated the possibility of using any mods that adjust game files, and now they're limited to custom maps and things of that nature. Modifying game files in any way will result in a ban, and you won't be able to play it any more.The ""tutorial"" takes forever.Quests are pretty tedious.Human enemies are practically Jedi.Very few graphics settings.""remove motion blur"" setting doesn't affect sprinting motion blur.My thoughts:Don't purchase this game. It's not worth the $60, and the season pass for DLC (which, if including in the full game, might make it worth the $60) certainly does not make up for the game's poor development enough to warrant a total of $79.99.  Combat is fun and blends well with movement. Can't really adjust visual settings to what you might like due to limited options. This game was quite obviously developed for console, and is a port to PC. Can't use mods, only custom maps, but the developer says it is moddable. This game could have been so much better had it been designed with the PC in mind, rather than the PC being a second thought. I'd been looking forward to this game since long before it's release, but never had the chance to buy it, and I am thoroughly disappointed now that I have bought it. I would really REALLY not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,239140,14383569,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,corhal,"Game really likes to think that it's ""hardcore survival"" - each time you die you lose some points, and you die a lot.What really makes me cringe though is the plot.It's predictable as hell; I'm about 2 hours in and I still don't understand WHO AM I AND WHY DO I DO WHAT I DO. Moreover, I don't feel even slightest connection to the hero or the choices he makes (because you don't really have a choice, if your misterious command tells you to do some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥- your hero will do it and there's nothing you can do about it).So, after another mission I just feel that playing this game is just... useless."
,Not Recommended,239140,14549876,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hallidayr,6/10-had better time doing the side quests then the main one-overall had fun but not worth the full price i paid for it
,Not Recommended,239140,14785333,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,rhss_b,I wouldn't recommend this game until they fix the issues it has with crashing every 5-20 minutes. I've played almost 3 hours now and I've lost count of the number to times this game has crashed to desktop. 10/10 would do unspeakable things to the developer who thought this game was reliable enough to release.All that aside this game would be good if I could get al least an hour of uninterrupted play.
76561197968638706,Not Recommended,239140,16513241,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Themuffinman,"The movement is fun, gameplay is meh."
76561198090424833,Not Recommended,239140,20250523,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kool-Aid Man,"After seeing this on the steam winter sale for pretty cheap I thought it would be a good investment. For the most part it was pretty satisfying, although at times I felt like sticking my nipple in a bowl of hot oatmeal for many reasons.-The parkour at times was a little lame and tedious run, jump, grab a windows, then run out of stamina and get killed by some viral or volatile or whatever the stupid unrememberable names were.-The zombies themselves were probably the crappiest part of the game, it was like I was playing dead island with better graphics and ""parkour"". The explosive zombies were just the absolute worst, at a glance they look like any of the regulars when youre in a crownd hacking away and so if youre just so unlucky to find yourself hitting one its gauranteed death even with the max amount of health and its likely that youll hit them on accident throughout the entire game. And the big brute zombies were just jokes, you could just walk forward hit them twice, dodge and repeat- The campaign was also very predictable and when you would have those zombie seisures they seemed like something straight out of far cry 3 when youd get drugged up and go to dream land,and the main boss seemed like a Vaas rip off with a very similar knife fight quick time event with forgettable monolouge being spat out by Vaas/Rais-The combat system also felt like it was leached off of from dead island, very basic hack and slash for you and for some reason you get dead tired after swinging around a makeshift knife a couple of times, while your enemies, human and zombie alike know how to deflect, dodge, and attack like master fighters and never get tired. The weapons are also mostly garbage and finding the blueprints for even mediocre ones is virtually down to luck or looking up on youtube ""best blue prints in dying light"" and once you finally get all the parts together to build said weapon it needs repairs after killing six zombies. As for the two handed weapons, it would be smarter to run into a crowd of zombies covered in steak because if you dont have the very last combat perk you can swing once or twice before having to restart at the nearest safe house because of your swift deathAll in all if you have the patience to die over and over again and youre okay with♥♥♥♥♥♥weapons, boring missions, lame♥♥♥♥♥parkour, and a sub par storyline this is the game for you"
76561197964106552,Not Recommended,239140,14261240,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,lgbigfoot,"The mood and atmosphere of this game is creepy. But it's been done before. It is almost exactly like Tomb Raider 2014 except there are zombies. In fact, the game urgers you to jump, climb ledges, and jump from those ledges with subtle hints EXACTLY like Tomb Raider 2014. (It even goes so far as using your ""senses"" by pressing the EXACT same key (Q) on the PC by default to craft or obtain items. The roof top villaiage ""Shanty Town"" reminds me of the first hour of game play.But somehow, I don't feel cheated or ripped-off. The new elements brought to this game like night time survival, the mood, the music, and the atmosphere add enough change to make the game worthwhile. Though not for $60.00.I only recommend this game if it goes down in price and you haven't played Tomb Raider 2014 which is a steal right now."
,Not Recommended,239140,14287384,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,poop,"the game seems good so far, combat is great, the game is quite challenging. but until they fix it, i wouldn't reccommend it. with a gtx 980, i can't get a steady 60fps on the lowest settings."
,Not Recommended,239140,14378946,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Big Buttery Potato,"Ok, the parkour itself is decent, and the visuals are great, I know everyone is compairing it to FarCry and Mirrors Edge, and thats because it is a very similar blend of the two. Open world gameplay and alot of the elements played like a far cry game, while the parkour was similar in style to Mirrors edge. My major issues are:1) because of the fast pace and motion blur I found myself getting dizzy/eye strain, and yes I played around with the visual controls. This isnt really a mark against the game because I had a similar issue adjusting when I first played Mirrors edge, but a symptom of parkour games in general for those prone to migranes and eye aches.2) As far as the gameplay, so far the game seems to lack any 'sense of uniqueness or drive'. I feel like the few story missions I've played ammount to the same gameplay in some minorly different ways (felt repetative/unengaging), its all a variation on run here and get this... Ooops! now its night time so run to safety! I found myself playing the first 2 story missions and 2 side quests and getting the feeling that this game was sort of.. boring, which was a bummer because it has so much it does right.... just not in an engaging way to me3) I was skeptical from the beginning because this is from the studio who made the dead island games (which I loath) and I was pretty bummed to see some of the less desirable game mechanics from that series carry over (I'm talking about attack cool down. the only place I think this is appropriate is in MMOs and MOBAs)TL;DR:overall its a decent game, but I would NOT reccomend it to any friends at full price. I may try to play again at a later date because it may get better later... I just dont have the drive to any time soon, felt too much like doing a chore to play.Overall Verdict: wait for a sale"
,Not Recommended,239140,14333265,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Gustrid,"Although fun and interesting gameplay, the ending was beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,19886006,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Konglomerate Krabs,The weapons are♥♥♥♥♥♥But at least the refund button didn't need repairing every 3 swings
76561198075664259,Not Recommended,239140,18148239,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mirakuru,"Dying Light was a great game to play for first timers but not for long. 50+ Hours max and you'll most likely wont play it again. I wish the multiplayer system were to be like DayZ / 7 Days to die to enjoy the game longer. However, base on the storyline I know open world multiplayer doesnt suit the whole concept of Dying Light but I did enjoyed the game once upon a time and to share my experience with you I have made a music video of Dying Light (No Spoilers) for entertaintment.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjgLgBZQG-EThanks for watching!P/S : I would not recommend this game because a lot of people has already abandoned it so you will not expect any multiplayer to help you out with your quests or invaded by hunters. But to those who have 4 friends to play with, then go for it."
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,239140,28999169,Posted: 3 January,all,ToxicKookie,"Game is more tedious than satisfying.I find the characters incredibly obnoxious.  The parkour is decent, though it's been done much better in older games like Mirror's Edge.  The combat is just annoying, and the stamina system kills any momentum and flow it could have had.  The graphics are alright, and performance has improved from what I saw at launch, but even with anti aliasing maxed out there are too many jagged edges around.They should have let this game die and moved on to finish Hellraid.  Though if the past and present are any indication Techland would probably find a way to bugger that up too..."
,Not Recommended,239140,14602784,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Grayflox,can we actually get a game with good parkour already mirrors edge is still perfect in every way compared to this
76561198021368559,Not Recommended,239140,14473705,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,lee.c,What all of crap!!!! starts of pretty good till the end mission. Then your attacked by loads of fast zombies you cant use grapple hook because your tire But yet you can run fine. Yet another unrealistic pile of sh** i want my money back you con artists!!!
,Not Recommended,239140,20672988,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,>MRT Jimmy McAttaboy,"Seriously? That ending?The three of us played this game together after the initial ""tutorial"" mission. Okay, I get that. Games have done that before. It makes sense. You pay attention to the game long enough to learn the basics. Cool.But why in the ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ did the end need to be single player? Seriously? If I wanted a single player experience I could share with my friends I would livestream myself jerking off chat-roulette style. ♥♥♥♥ this developer and anything the touch for the next forever.10/10"
76561197987199646,Not Recommended,239140,21383600,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,mekstro,"I loved the original Dying Light. I probably would have rated it 9/10. It really ticked all the boxes for me. Then came the update, The Following and I looked forward to driving around in a car every now and then. I didn't understand that I would spend 90% of the game time in that damn buggy. It's Far Cry 2 all over again and now I hate the game. I now rate it 2/10. Would I recommend Dying Light? Yes! Would I recommend Dying Light - The Following? No!"
76561197977031335,Not Recommended,239140,20479094,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wezilla,DYING LIGHT SUCKS - I need to get my chest off. I trying to liking this into 2 hours gameplay and finally enough of this hard boring rubbish. Give me Dead Island anyday.
,Not Recommended,239140,16843534,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Manshima,Hold 'E' to write review.Smash 'W' 'S' 'A' 'D' repeatedly in correct order to leave opinion.Uninstall.
,Not Recommended,239140,20482785,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Guthar,"If Dead Island and Far Cry 3 had a baby it would be this game.So before you read any further: I just want to say I hate this game. But I can totally see someone loving it. The main thing you should get out of this review is;***IF YOU ENJOY FARCRY ZOMBIE ACTION DEAD ISLAND LOOTFEST SANDBOXING. YOU WILL PROBABLY LIKE THIS GAME. IF YOU WANT SUBSTANCE OR NEW THINGS STAY AWAY.***I really didn't care too much for this game, but I can totally see people enjoying it. It just wasn't my thing, and constantly made me just want it to be over with. At times it was challenging, but mostly it's just the same thing over and over again. The climbing for most of the game brought me back to the Far Cry 3 towers. Just jump and look for the next thing you can jump on. After the first time you realize what you can and can not grab onto. It's a dull and over used game mechanic.Nightime brought much needed tension into the game. Tons of weapons and upgrades, most feel the same and don't feel to unique at all. Guns all feel the same as well.I can't really be to hard on this game because I just felt bored throughout most of it. I wanted it to be over so I didn't explore, or even take my time to read things. The story is really terrible. Cliche zombie style writing.While writing this review and trying to remember things I liked or hated in this game, I came to the realization that this game is one giant rip off of other games. They basically took all the game mechanics of games people liked in the past 5 years and put them into one ZOMBIE game. Which is a genre that at the time and maybe still to this day is huge with gamers. I'm sure someone somewhere was like ""Hey lets make a game that has things in it that are really hot right now!"" They use to do this in the 80s and 90s in Hollywood. They would grab an actor and actress that were ""HOT"" at the moment, and put them into a genre of a movie that was also ""Hot"" at the moment. They would throw a script together with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥people liked in movies. 8 months later they had a pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥that people would pay money to go see on a friday night. This is what this game is, its a bunch of ideas someone else had that worked out piled into a zombie game that is a open world sandbox.Graphics: 7/10 (it looks good enough I guess, no complaints here. It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥though. terrible fps drops)Gameplay: 4/10 (same♥♥♥♥♥♥different game, If you like that type of thing this is for you)Sound: 6/10 (scary and intense at first, then you realize its the same looping sounds over and over again)Entertainment Value: 5/10 (I guess if you like the genre and open world time wasting this would be your thing)Price: 2/10 ($60 AAA titles for 12 hours of main story, lots more if you are a collector type, $20 on sale still not worth it for me, but maybe there are people out there who like this stuff and would give it a higher score)Total: 24/50."
,Recommended,239140,14567394,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ranger,"so one day i went on steam to see if the new dead island game was out, it was so i spent 900 hundred dollars 60 for the game 840 for call of duty gun camos and dlc while i was downloading the game i just looked at the progress bar and the game was a expected 99 gb which is natural for a top down mmo. 2 weeks later it turns out their was only 3 easter eggs in the game i heard the best easter egg in the game was the Dying Light easter egg so i decided to find the easter egg and it showed a little game case like one from a playstation 4 and it says press f to pay 60 in-game cash to keep so i pressed f and my game crashed and started a download for Dying Light which was 11.5 gb which is natural for a fps game and i was happily mashing the lmb to mine a  golden deagle in minecraft i give the game 5 chicken mc nuggets out of 3 crayons would play C.O.D. Ghosts again"
76561197986660563,Not Recommended,239140,14320464,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,RoyaltyNLT,Cool concept.... runs terribly on AMD processor despite high end video card. Constant crashing. This game should have never been released in this state. This is just more of the pushed release of games before they are finsihed. Do yourself and  everyone else a favor and do not buy this game until these issues are fixed. Games should not be released broken and one video card manufacturer should not be able to castrate the performance of another manufacturer's card. I am looking at you NVIDIA and gameworks.
76561198112427721,Recommended,239140,30825293,Posted: 29 March,all,EpicBro101,Super fun. 10/10 would recommened again
76561198027069369,Not Recommended,239140,14681192,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,arabisk fest,"Dying light is both immerisve and immersive and crappy but sadly greatest of cripest, imergallon ska vi till chipsur sjön och bada i regnen.So yeah, i reccomendded this game to my mom and she sayded OMG SO BLOTTY! i say faka u blodclot! she sey gg son is loston. for this reason i reccomended the game to my father and sister, they laufenhaus at me and discrase me! I GET DISECE CALL KALMYDIA and i leff very hard, waz? u gez? my fater besicly sey gg gut gem i r8 8 of 8 so i say haHAHAHAH FANNY REDDIT GUY??? heheheheh Then my dog bark at me ma fada saiiddd dont you worry dont you worry chgild de doctor have a pill 4u!!!!!Great game, buy it on site.And also id like to fank AXel for bying this game for me and Wille raaanse for complett.se the game wiza me?!!!!!!!!!!So yeah its a greeet game and gret funy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KALLE O JIMMY KAPLAN OM NI SER DETTA, KÖP DETTA NU! PORTOGUSER!""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198023982448,Not Recommended,239140,25030276,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,DigBick,Repetitive... boring after some point.
,Not Recommended,239140,24121893,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr Jurgenman,"Free running is terrible, the controls are far too loose and rarely do what you want them too. Runs are often broken by the character clumsily humping a wall trying to grab a ledge or falling because that particular ledge isn't grabbable even though it looks the same as everything else. The running is alaso primarily focused on moving up while trying to move down is nearly impossible. For example I spent 2 full minutes trying to hop down 3 feet onto a very narrow beam while the character drunkly slips off everytime.Combat is like trying to cook dinner while drunk and high, resulting in a lot of flailing, wheezing, and nothing much to show for it by the end. The environments are extremely repetitive and mostly consist of the same abandoned apartments with a few differences. The UI is a terrible mess with a clutter of items and awkward way of switching between screens while trying to upgrade an item. Lastly, the story is lacking to say the least. You're thrust onto this island with backstory and exposition barfed onto you by some radio operator and are immediately forced into helping out you're standard group of bland rag tag survivors.I bought this game because of the great reviews, but it's been a tremendous disappointment so far."
76561198032286172,Not Recommended,239140,14474189,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TheWorldOverHeaven,"Havnt even played in on my pc yet. I cant. Played it on a friends Ps4 and instantly loved it. Amazing game. But this ""Input not supported crap gets old. Great game, but I cant say I can give a good review seeing as how I bought it and cant play for NO REASON and its awesome that theres NO FIX"
76561198041622032,Not Recommended,239140,14227591,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,eye.eagle34,icant open the game error 0xc000007b icant do anything itryed everything plsssss help i wasted 60 $ on it
,Not Recommended,239140,15144065,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Benjamin Notoriety Blunts III,I played 19 hours only to lose my save. I do not appreciate paying 60 bucks for this junk.
76561198020486858,Not Recommended,239140,14585935,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,victorchensky,the game is fun but the glitchy and poorly designed free running aspect ruins many of what should be the brighter moments
,Not Recommended,239140,17529943,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Des,"I love the game, thats all I can say. *5 minutes later* F*CKING RESIZEBUFFER B*LLSH*T I PAID £39.99 FOR A GAME THATS SO F*CKING UNPUBLISHED, EA TRIED TO SELL IT. I absolutely love the game BUT Devs, I know its hard to do updates and fixing Game Breaking Bugs / Glitches. But when you add random sh*t like ""50+ New Outfits"" and ""Hard Mode"" instead of fixing the god damn motherf*cking game YOU ADD THE MOST UNNECESSARY THINGS LIKE ""Crazy New Weapons"" INSTEAD OF FIXING THE GOD DAMN GAME. My opinion guys, Don't buy this game unless you want the ""Hard Mode"" that is RESIZEBUFFER. In short, Get your sh*t together Dev's.      Yours sincerly, DesduesdSIDE NOTEMore♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the fact that Steam wont give me a refund because I got 3 hours on this waste of 11GB"
76561197993623864,Not Recommended,239140,18673848,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TheButterKnife,"Dying was a very promising game that has alot of fun gameplay and interesting freedom of movement. You will LOVE running around at breakneck speeds clubbing anything in sight with a variety of interesting moves and fields to satisfy your penchant for violence with pretty graphics and large explorable environments.This was done right.What was done wrong was the game was far too in love with itself to even consider you. What you do in the game world does not affect the story at all. No matter how much of a stonecold slayer you are, Crane will always be a wuss wannabe that turns tail or forgets he has guns in his pockets. The game goes even farther to arbitrarily cripple the player in order to ram it's story down the players throat. While it is interesting and decently suitable for a B-flick movie it is hard to take seriously then instant death is around every corner and the player has most of their abilities taken from them. You go from tiger to kitten in an instant and it's awful, the sharp contrast and unforgiving plot turn points ruin immersion completely and drive the player from what is 'fun.'Case and point, you get tooled up for a boss battle. All your weapons are removed. You tool up all of your abilities and get some powerful honking weapons and it turns out the end of the game is a glorified quick time event cutscene that is grossly unsatisfying for the horrendous trial of climbing and lazy instant death pits. It will leave most unprepared players listening to the same dialogue many times and focusing on a point on the screen smaller than a key for their keyboard rather than listening to an otherwise decent rant from a madman. All of which culminates in a COD MW2 clone ending (No more than that so no spoilers.) that leaves a poor impression.If you like the game. For all that is holy, do not complete it.My opinion of this game went from a 8.5 out of 10 to a 5.5 out of 10 at the ending.Do not build a game around skills and take them away just because you cannot scale difficulty.Do not add in a quick time event to make sure your boss is irritatingly difficult when there were no real quick time evens to speak of before hand.Do not render everything the player does in game completely moot to the happenings around them for it ruins immersion and shows them just how badly put together your game really is. It leave the player shouting at their screen that they have several things that could solve the situation at hand. Case and point, a man pointing a knife at you. You shoot them because you have a gun right? No, you get stabbed instead because cutscene says you don't have anything. It's that sort of in love with it's story.If you don't plan on completing this game and want to releive stress. PLAY IT. It's fun for that.If your looking for a satisfying completion and a good rock solid story. Don't bother,"
,Not Recommended,239140,14640590,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ch3k420,If you like games that beat you with a cheap AI then this game is for you. Feels like im playing some bad ubisoft console port. complete waste of money.
76561198031077746,Not Recommended,239140,18902860,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,eclipsed22,"I like zombie games, and survival games, but this one just doesn't do it for me.  The controls are aweful, even with a controller.  The parkour is hit and miss.  It's just not a fun game.   It's sad that games like this have so many positive reviews on here.  I've played 35 hours and I am not impressed.  I feel like this is just another Assassin's creed game, with zombies.  It's sad what gaming has become."
76561197964663319,Not Recommended,239140,22053003,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,IPO,"This game came along with a huge amount of hype.For me it was just another zombie suvival and the parkour element was way too much.Also the multiplayer was limited to few players and it felt like the gameplay was mainly craeted for console, not considering the many aspects of PC."
,Not Recommended,239140,20642531,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,Love this game but it is so poorly optimized for amd and i dont have 100 dollars to upgrade
76561197994817076,Not Recommended,239140,22316502,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Turbo,its not good
76561198215874081,Not Recommended,239140,20138592,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shadowolflord,I demand a refund on this game I had a lot of fun playing the game and for gameplay i rate it to be 5/5 however recently the game will not let me on it was working before so i know it is not my computer be wary folks this game will shut you out
,Recommended,239140,14191051,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jacksu,Awesome as ♥♥♥♥
76561197993156173,Recommended,239140,14191643,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ꮹĩ✘✘€Я™,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,21170180,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,cjM,I R8 8/10
,Recommended,239140,14190753,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Manray,GOTY.
,Recommended,239140,15942381,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cameron,Its good
76561198070075906,Not Recommended,239140,21549308,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Scalpotron5000,"Finally finished this turd! The first game I hate finish, just wanted to complete it before I do the DLC (seems a way better game).Pro:zombies are well done, fighting them is rewarding and funparkour is fun!Con:boss battles are tedious not fun at all, boring at bestfinal battle is QTE...story is simple and predictablelots of filler stuffmade more difficult by cluncky controls not actual gameplaylost of climbing to stretch out gameDon't really recommend this and I bought it during a sale..."
,Not Recommended,239140,21591790,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,difference between dead island and dying lightgraphismconclusion: it su cks
,Not Recommended,239140,21615159,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Xymmerky,"Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Edition?More like Dying Light: F**k anyone who bought the game already - Not Enhanced Edition.If you bought the game before, you DON'T get ANY of this new content and have to buy the FULL GAME AGAIN ($60) in order to get the new content.So I'm stuck with a dummy copy of this game simply called ""Dying Light.""Needless to say, I feel cheated. And I can't get my money back because i alredy played it too much and it's past the time frame to do so."
76561198027257731,Not Recommended,239140,18870383,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Arcamean,"Could be very fun but expect annoying spurts of lag anytime you're in combat with a zombie, running from a zombie, near a zombie or a quick time event appears. My Pc is rated to be more than enough... Oh well. :/"
76561198000067469,Not Recommended,239140,20132145,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,zx,"[Linux] Good game for the most part, though it crashes often and co-op doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,239140,16101203,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Evil,"i made a review before that ie is full of cheaters which is till ture, i also have many threads with steam id's that sould get serial banned, but i get larght at as its a sp game ( hunters join sp games which no one gets that its not ok to cheat)Game is dead, if u want to buy for zombie mode dont, they all have it shut off, and u will just play people with god mode as there is still no anticheat, no one has bought the dlc, so u can not find someone paying that, hacks have all items u can just google it which sucksiv even called up devs and they will not do♥♥♥♥♥♥ as they dont care quoteing the guy on the phone from Techlanddont bother buying, i am just lucky to have a season pass, for dlc, mp is deador cheaters, tho's that say its not i can record a 0 min vid of not getting in to a game just for some trolling cheater.this is a rant & dont go near this game, or your hard end cash is wasted"
,Recommended,239140,22244896,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Gentlemen Spycrab In A Box,Everything about this game is perfect: from the amazing music to the touching story to the unique gameplay.
76561198108960824,Not Recommended,239140,14775195,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Buffaloha,"It seems okay (look okay not awsome) at the beginning until the 1st mission from Rias. The 2nd tower just a jumping game that goes to nowhere. It definately not worth $59.99. $39.99 maybe. Overall, the combat system seems very weird, I'd say slow pace battle."
76561197973064953,Not Recommended,239140,14787428,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Just shoot ME!,Game is mediocre at best would be better if it didn’t have so many bugs. Really I had my character fall through the map numerous times. Combine with some of the buggier game mechanics like grappling and just regular swings suddenly switching from where you’re aiming. I think this game is worth maybe 30$ though compared to the♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of crappy games released in the last couple years this is slightly better.
,Recommended,239140,14195504,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Randy Boebandy,"First Impressions:-This game is rediculously fun. Probably the best Zombie game I've played in a while.-Graphics are incredible.-Parkour is smooth and fun.-The sound is amazing.-Story so far, is interesting.-Really liking the combat.The downside to all this is that it runs like absolute crap on AMD setups, (which I'm using at the moment). Even on the lowest settings, I can't get anywhere above 25 fps. I'm using an R9 270X superclocked which can run it on medium settings for sure. They need to patch this issue fast, because It's giving me a major migraine."
76561198111655687,Not Recommended,239140,18960820,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ooga booga,games too scary♥♥♥♥♥♥myself while playing almost deathed but went to hospital now i have diabetes
76561197994408157,Not Recommended,239140,22240918,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DrFetid,Most of the game lacks depth to be interesting for more than a passing fancy.The Be A Zombie DLC was fun for a while but players can have to good gear or numbers that you might as well submit to being a punching bag at times.Pass.
76561197974487036,Not Recommended,239140,15471861,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Try This At Home Kids,"STOPBefore you buy read this:THIS GAME IS NOT LIKE DEAD ISLAND.THIS GAME IS NOT LIKE MIRRORS EDGE.Comparing these games to Dying Light is like comparing a car to a tank! Both share some basic similarities, but they are not remotely the same thing. I'll make this simple.+Detailed open world to explore+Day/Night Cycle (Night time is creepy as hell)+Characters are engaging-Weapons that break constantly (Tedious weapon repairs)-Generic look and feel of zombies and world are just plain boring-Zombies are VERY hard to kill (To the point of the game not being fun)-NO FAST TRAVEL-Spawn points are way to spaced out-Parkour does not offer long fluid runs (May not be games intent to do so)-Bad graphics! Not the biggest issue, but an issue.If your looking for zombie killing fun move on. I feel this game is more work then play.*This review is just my opinion everyone should decide for themselves. I hope my review helps."
,Recommended,239140,14364548,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,D7 ► RESPAWN.CS-16.RO,I believe I can fly30 FPS seem way too high
76561198015670216,Not Recommended,239140,33013363,Posted: 29 June,all,KZ,"Always loved zombie game, but this game crashes on me with no error message after about 10 to 15 minutes.Looked around on google, many people have had this problem, many since 2015, but there has been no definitive fix.Not acceoptable for a 2 years old game.My computer spec should not be a problem, bought it in 2017 with gaming in mind."
,Recommended,239140,21136815,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ThomasW,Best game ever with very nice graphics
76561197983309109,Not Recommended,239140,21584269,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,rhand_2005,bought the add onn. unplayable. keeps saying inactive. asked for a refund. steam says no you bought it a year ago. no that the dying light. which i could play. the add on the following keeps given me a black screen and i cannot play it. customer for over a decade and not refund. thanks steam
,Not Recommended,239140,14230719,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SP4RT4N_NL,"I would not recommend this game in this state because it's not yet been fully optimized. Stutter in cutscenes, bad graphics and the overall gameplay feels jerky. Either wait for an update or buy this game when it's on sale. 6/10"
76561197988925349,Not Recommended,239140,14830263,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Arjorn,"Dying Light - I am currently at a 42% game completion within 27 hours of play time. I feel that there is no need to continue beyond this point. Reasons being varied, but mainly concerning with the engagment of the story element.The story is very cliche and shoehorned in. The AngryJoeShow review details what I've expirenced so far; characters that you will never care for and dialogue that is mere drivel, nor compelling. The antagonist, the villian to our hero, is nothing more than a local mob boss with little to no back story or interesting behavioral characteristics such as in other games like FarCry 3's Voss or FarCry 4's King Min. He's just a bland thug. The dialogue of the main character also is problematic as he seems far too melodramatic during a crisis and sometimes merely annoying in others. The player doesn't really have any envolvment with the fates of other characters they encounter, either to be met with an untimely death in a cutscene or killed off screen.Besides that, it's just another zombie game from a fragmented team that thought they could bring a more ""mature story"" from Dead Island. What colminated was an uninteresting set of characters that will soon be forgotten after their fates are met.Gameplay, however, is satisfying. The athletic movement of the protagonists and plenty of skillset upgrades make for a enternaining romp through a zombie infested foreign city. The por kour system brings speed and a sense of power when in full motion. There are many types of weapons to acquire, either by purchasing them, crafting them, or finding rare ones in hidden areas of the city. They make for the most satisfying gorefest when confronted by the different enemy types.The night and day cycles within the game give a refreshing expireince and difficulties as zombies and super zombies span the darkness of the night, while the day time is filled with the mundane zombie and many human theives, thus, and henchmen of the alleged villian.The zombie enemies are varied as you progress in the game or wait until dark for the more powerful and faster super zombies. Though, incountering some of the so called ""boss"" monsters can be accompanied with familiar troupes that long time gamers are so use to and easily overcome these obstacles. QTE events ruin some very important story line aspects, such as the final battle.All in all, Dying Light has great game play that is mired by an uninteresting story and cast of characters. I do not currently recommned this games until it falls in price. This would be worthwhile at a cheaper pricepoint, but the unsatisfactory conclusion leaves little room for signle player replayability, where Co-op may give a bit more longevity."
,Recommended,239140,33297993,Posted: 5 July,all,Ecru Tether,"While I might only have 10 hours on this game at the time I an writing this, I have in the past not only bought but finished the main game and the Following on Xbox and I have to say this was one of the most fun Zombie games that i have ever played, While there is room to improve and joining other games can be a bit weird, Overal, for both Single Player and Co-op madness, this game will bring you hours of fun.In addition, Be the Zombie and The Following give you so much more do to, Hunt down your friends as a lethal mutant under the cover of night, grappling from building to building, or gear up in some letahl buggies and turn a crowd of freaks into a road of chunky red through the fields.Without any shortage of Missions, side missions, random meetings and a whole list of bounties, challenges and a massive Legendary level to reach, I can garuntee you'll get your monies worth out of this game."
76561198025110559,Not Recommended,239140,14720951,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,dkapbboy,"Pretty dissapointed with this game. If I could return it or resell it I would. Fetch quest after fetch quest gets boring pretty fast. Graphics are great, gameplay gets boring fast. The parkour system is fantastic though. Overall 5/10. Don't recommend it.Also I can''t seem to get it out of windowed mode. I'm sure if I googled it I could find a solution but I don't care enough to do that because the game just isn't very fun.TL:DR (Even though its not a long review); 5/10. Maybe even 4. Don't recommend."
76561197988357798,Not Recommended,239140,14721078,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Uncle Ti Hon,this game is crap... - 60 bucks from my wallet.  Not balanced well.  You run too slow... way too slow...  night creatures are too beefed up.  It's like dead island but they made you so weak... not being able to kill something with a sharp weapon is bull crap.Ending is crap...weapon lotting building is crap...It's over all a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of dead island... atleast in dead island when you throw stuff it does damage...In this one you throw your weapon and its over for you.  LOL
76561198085297521,Not Recommended,239140,16051407,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ТупицаRainbowdash,i cant play it because no zombies Spawn some people don't spawn i dont have a weapon ever in my hand its extremely laggy can i get a REFUND ?
,Not Recommended,239140,14458007,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BOT Caesar,"Darwin have mercy, this game runs like a turtle.  That's dead.  This game runs like a dead turtle.  You wanna dead turtle?  I didn't wanna dead turtle.  I got a dead turtle.  It ran worse after each update.  Literally.  Dying Light?  More like Dying Turtle, because this thing is apparently having quite a bit of trouble getting on its feet and freerunning."
,Recommended,239140,35455661,Posted: 3 October,all,Valkar,Best zombie game to play with friends.
,Recommended,239140,32675614,Posted: 23 June,all,Arren,this game cured my cancer10/10 IGN
,Recommended,239140,29461335,Posted: 24 January,all,dm,9/10
,Not Recommended,239140,18110100,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,MC like a god church,It crashes my monitor best game
76561198058688529,Recommended,239140,21140465,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jonerotten,420 blaze it
76561198024424090,Not Recommended,239140,14198100,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,aegean,If I had a business model - I'd would want it to run on everything not just Nv* I have an AMD because it was the best choice at the time . . . . . why would you want to only cater to only one card? Financial madness.
,Not Recommended,239140,18459535,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,SpaceiSalie,Regret buying.Don't buy.Rehashed♥♥♥♥♥♥rehashed worse.
76561198218825347,Not Recommended,239140,19180942,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,newmanj94,"the first half of the game all you do is run away from zombies instead of killing them because your weapons break after killing 1 freaking zombie, what a huge dissapointment this game is."
76561198021448105,Not Recommended,239140,20004206,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jodan_loan,I wanted to like it but it is a little too rpgboring for my taste. It's like a cross between like skyrim and fallout3. If modified mele weapons is your thing there is plenty of zombie whackamole here for you. Yawn
76561197996766578,Not Recommended,239140,25942993,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Rakilonn,"The quest system is badly done and kill the immersion :I had a main quest ultra urgent to do because if I don't do it now the NPC told me that some will die.During this quest I have been constantly requested for subquests. I tried one, it was long, very long. And guess what ? It had no impact on the main quest.They could have at least disable requests for subquests during a critical main quest.Another negative point, I find the basic weapon really not effective at a point where you clearly see that the game push you to upgrade weapons. For example, a crowbar is quickly unusable which kill the mood because it makes me think it's made in plastic and not metal.Now it's not a bad game, but it's not a great game either and I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,239140,14592851,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lordaeron,Legend
76561198077147598,Recommended,239140,14552046,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,yeet,Decapitated Limbs.12/10 - Would chop again.
,Recommended,239140,21083944,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,RYZ,great
,Not Recommended,239140,15327314,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,JeepXLC,"tl;drthis game was great at first, but ended up being unplayable after updates because they broke all the reasons i bought it.If you liked dead island, then this game is great.... or it was. then they updated it. and now it's crap.if you play with mods, and this game needs a few to really be good, you can't play coop anymore unless you and your friends are all running the exact same mods. which is near impossible to do unless you're just running a few boring vanilla mods. so if your plan was to play this with mods and friends... it's going to be a pain. best of luck.they had it right and everything worked in the beginning... but then they ""fixed"" it. and i haven't played it a long time because it's no fun anymore.but if you're just looking to play the vanilla game it's decent. better than dead island, but that's a low bench mark honestly. so eh..."
76561198097009799,Not Recommended,239140,21554549,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lord Dracoliche,"If only the people who already owned the game got the Enhanced Edition, it would attract more of the people who haven't played this game in a long time. So not since i got the original edition, i have to re-buy it for the enhanced version to have all the fun. What the ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,239140,22081340,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,bluefoxbarker,"Zombies are very difficult (probs just me), it's hard to progress and in my opinion gets boring fast"
76561198064633766,Recommended,239140,14629814,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BACKDOORBERNIE,10/10 would play again.
,Not Recommended,239140,18371375,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jace,"A fun game but that is all it is. It has a horrible story, horrible characters and in no way do i think anyone should play this game if they want any of those things."
76561198372564887,Recommended,239140,30863405,Posted: 31 March,all,Belial,is fun
76561198144232086,Recommended,239140,21446813,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,It's just a flesh wound,Keep runing boy if you don't wanna get♥♥♥♥♥♥by zombies
,Not Recommended,239140,33139673,Posted: 2 July,all,Flying Spaghetti Monster,70 percent done with the game and now I only spawn in water.
76561198220988564,Not Recommended,239140,33018796,Posted: 29 June,all,Reluctant Streamer,"Graphically this game still holds up well and presents a challenge for survival plans. The story is absurd and funny in a very dark way. They really make you want to hate this world and the main character. Quest structure is bloated and the cut scenes are not worth waiting through. If you just want to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in custom games it's great, but the plot of this game is so hard to navigate and sit through."
76561197968941812,Not Recommended,239140,22102960,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,I am ironman...,"wtf! i had this dlc before! i remember i played this like only for 10 minutes no more because i had things to do...   now i cant play because i dont see the "" the following"" in main menu so that i can play....why did steam removed it from me? what happened?"
76561198011125511,Not Recommended,239140,29122430,Posted: 8 January,all,KrYp70N-D4v1Nc1,"I have now finally finished this thing i gotta say.starts great and ends on a sad note with a side of cop-out tactics and a sour stomach.thank god i didnt spend $40+ on this thing because honestly short of the graphics and the thrill(for the first 6 hours) of fighting zombies in first person whilst doing parkour.this however is short lived as despite the rpg-esq behavior of the skill tree i found it bland.on my first and last playthrough i found bugs worse than i ever found in dead island.and yes  i own the expansion.actually i have the season pass..even with it its a game worth $25 in its prime.also on my first playthrough i whent directly to hard.this was not a mistake as i found the game would have ended for me long before i finished it due to the rinse wash repeat simplicity of the combat and meh feel of the story.for example i played through this and there is a point where the main lady(scorpion or something she is all over the posters) is infected and is going to turn, and she makes the ultimate sacrifice blahblahblah gives you the last of this antizin serum.now this would have been cool and all but with the flow of the mission/story/gameplay i literally found myself shrugging my shoulders and looking to the person next to me and asking...was i supposed to feel something there, did i miss something.i found i was literally dragging myself at the halfway point on both the base and expansion as if your not full level with a veteran rank under your belt clearly your doing something wrong and this leaves you with nothing left to gain.the addition of the buggy is a nice addition but the whole rpg-esq upgrading of the buggy really took away from the immersion in my opinion.adding a door on a vehicle shouldnt be a skill. just saying..the major endings on these things are FUBAR!.the level layout becomes complete garbage and there is little to no optimization/effort shown in either the base or the expansions ending.it truly felt on both occasions as though they ran out of time/financing and just hired a b flick writer came up with an idea and said do it and threw it in there in a hurry.so on an ending note..for a zombie game its ok i guess.and for all the hype i heard about this damned thing you would think that it would be epic right..well for anything more than $25 i give it a rather avoidable meh."
76561198031438086,Not Recommended,239140,14479276,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lockbain,"Not entirely enthralled by the game.  The parkour is fun most times, the graphics are spectacular, and the story line is decent.  Honestly, the weapon repair system is annoying, the durability of the weapons is garbage - one of the things that disenchanted me from Dead Island.  Mechanics are well done... I can't put my finger on it but the game is very dissapointing to me.  Perhaps it's the repetitive gameplay.Boring.4/100 of 2 People found this review unhelpful.  Probablly shouldn't look up reviews for games you already decided are good."
76561198053620342,Not Recommended,239140,21423146,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Colberto,The developers made some really awesome DLC. However the game is IMPOSSIBLE to play with the level of difficulty now. The recently changed zombies who run really fast and are suppose to find you when you blow something up or fire a rifle just come in drove after drove often times out of no where and litterally 1-2 seconds pop up on the mini radar. If you quietly clear an area they still kill your♥♥♥♥♥ Try to kill a boss is impossible. FAIL.
76561198026137694,Recommended,239140,14537161,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,"James ""Nuke the Gook"" Mattis",10/10 would snap child's neck again
,Recommended,239140,29756504,Posted: 6 February,all,THE wild skunk!,this game ripped off minecraft like seriously both games have a sun
,Not Recommended,239140,31774593,Posted: 15 May,all,Parco,"This game is quite fun with its free running, zombie killing, the gore and vr support, but it still managed to end up as a dissapointment and this has to do with the main story ""boss fight"" encounters. Every time you are fighting in one way or the other against the main story boss off the game you have your own weapons removed and have to fight with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ equippment that you get in the area you fight in, the whole game you are gathering the best guns and crafting the best weapons that you can and you dont get to use them at all when it counts the most. The main boss fight was the biggest let down of them all because of a cancer that have spread throughout games in the last 10 years or so: QTE (quick time event), you dont fight the boss at all, you only watch a cutscene of your character struggling to fight the boss while you have to press W A S or D and occationally mashing the F button to avoid dying so you dont have to watch the cutscenes all over again. Here you play for hours to get better at fighting, get better at the free running/parkour, get better gear so you can finally kill that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that has been tormenting you throughout the game and all you do is press a button now and then while watching a movie, id rather just have watched a movie.But in the end im not gonna recommend the game even though i enjoyed the game for the vast majority of the 61 hours i have played up untill the point of this review, i cant recomment it because of how the last boss fight plays out, QTE/button mashing is what ruined the assassins creed for me, what ruined star wars force unleashed, etc,.. and now ruined this game too. Instead of being left with a kick for being able to defeat the final boss like i got when i defeated the boss in star wars jedi outcast 2 for the first time, i am left with a bad taste in my mouth because of the dissapointing ""boss fight"""
76561198016580753,Not Recommended,239140,32586587,Posted: 20 June,all,DPressa,"I want to like this game, it looks great and it runs perfectly on my 1070.It was really fun at first but I'm 15 hrs in and it just feels frustratingly slow and repetitive.It's so hard to kill zombies even with more advanced and/or upgraded weapons.The skill upgrades also seem to take forever to accumulate.I don't get why this has overwhelmingly positive reviews - maybe I'm missing something?"
,Recommended,239140,17668992,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,LUGUBRIOUS,k but 2 ez at end xd
76561198232410084,Not Recommended,239140,17521259,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Putins Bitch,i halve a gameing pc so y dus the game run like♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239140,24598141,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Exle,"Bought this game a week ago. The game just crashes my computer. I stress tested my PC for over an hour and my computer didnt shut down. I turned down graphics, installed all updates, Verified Game cache or whatever. I Also reinstalled and even tried a new game and nothing works. GTA5 works fine and it works my system harder. Plus I contacted the devolper 5 days ago and still nothing."
,Recommended,239140,17291368,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ChimeraBG,Its good game my frends!
76561198161613066,Recommended,239140,29197737,Posted: 11 January,all,Wolf.45,"First of all this game is fun. It takes all the best things from amazing games and almost flawlessly mashes them all together. Eleaments from far cry, doom, resident evil, mirrors edge and even fallout. At times you really feel like your playing farcry, others it feels like your playing resident evil 2 if it was reimagined for a modren audence. The game doesnt really suffer from any notable identy issues ether. its fun and finding hidden loot and weapons in the open, zombie-infested world. There is good variaty in enemy types and you never get bord with th combat.GameplayFluid and seemless for the most part, your character has ocationly has the ability to glitch through walls when exploring off the main path layed out for you by the stoy. Frame rate can be a bit spratic. ive gotten well over 100 in some areas but it chuged along at 30 and 40 for some of the late game. might just be my computer but i thought that it was worth mentioning. Night time is scary at first and amazing. in the begining anything can and will kill you. by the end you're basicly a super soldier. cool progretion and skill trees to,storyreally generic and linear,( but has cool cinematic part to) whats funny though is one of the main enemys keeps taunting you and telling you to ""think for your self and make your own choices"" of corce you never are really impact the game, it only has one ending. you dont make any of your own choices. not even at the end. all the characters are boring sterio types for the most part to. the intro when booting up the game is really cool though.love the game, longest review ive ever written and probaly has the most spelling errors to."
,Not Recommended,239140,28086949,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rockie,Frame Rates sucks. Server kicks no reason . Game Crashes .
,Recommended,239140,23833018,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,iG Kappachino,This game good played again if have gooder computer video gamer. Game is good but music socks. I have 0 money pls donate to me this game I'm desperaterer!!!!11! (sadface)  -Hello world-
76561198120845194,Not Recommended,239140,24322373,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,mumhustlar,"The Game is full of fetch quests and the survival element will keep you playing for hours because of the need to fight entropy.  That said, the storyline is trash, the quests and very cliche and badly put together (some quests become almost impossible if you get locked into the checkpoint cycle when you are low on a resource you need to do the quest) and there is very little fun outside of kicking zombies in the head.For its detailed world I would give it 9/10For zombie kicking / combat fun it gets 8/10For overall polish, quests and game design it gets a 4/10 (free games have better made quests)So overall I cant give it more than 6/10I got this on sale and it barely makes me not regret buying it.  If its less than £10/$15 consider getting it otherwise I say pass.  Also the DLC The Following is garbage and much worse than the base game, easily 4/10 and feels like DLC for some kind of badly made indie level title."
76561198042683198,Not Recommended,239140,22013006,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,UBLEMUBLEM OSAS,♥♥♥♥♥ CANT PLAY CO-OP FOR LAST MISSIONgreat game but this was ♥♥♥♥ing annoying
,Not Recommended,239140,21082732,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Markmeme,I liked playing this game. What really ruined the game for me is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥story and the ♥♥♥♥ing boring ending.
76561198104511258,Not Recommended,239140,20155408,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hoffmangler,"Thought I'd try it out because it was on sale. Sluggish control system and focus on perfection seems created for hard core players only. Not a quick pick-up game for average gamers. Cool concept, nice graphics, just not for me. Refund was requested."
,Not Recommended,239140,21116291,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mikohoyek ۞۞۞۞,Game is absolutely fantastic but techland are too lazy to keep it that way and in turn make the game 100% impossible to play♥♥♥♥ Techland.
,Recommended,239140,24978968,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jerqu,"This is an awesome game, parkour feels fluid when you have played for a few hours. There is much to do, side quests and main quests have cool stories. There are many zombies, many weapons and you can customize your weapons with blueprints and mods. If you want to go and hunt for the airdrop, or just switch to another quest while you are in the middle of another quest, you can just leave it there and do something else. The maps are big, you can explore days and still have something more to find. It's a huge game. Dying light is a must-play game for every survival game fan."
,Not Recommended,239140,14320845,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Romie,Game doesnt even open without crashing. asus maximus hero 6/4770k/32gb ram/780ti
,Recommended,239140,25687695,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Edward Kenway (Leonardo suhardi),"Broken leg, shot in the head, sliced in body.Heal using bandages to arm."
,Not Recommended,239140,14494918,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CorzaSelf,"I seriously hate this game. I wont spoil but the ending. I cant. It does look fun but at first it takes what seems like 100000 hits to kill a zombie but only 3 for a zombie to kill you, which results in you losing tonnnssssss of xp. Parkor can be fun at times but its torturing going across the map falling from buildings, zombies grabbing onto you.. Its just errggghhhh. The game gets better once you unlock the grapling hook. Its fun but at night if youre running from sp00ky♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it has to recharge after 2 uses. This can be life or death, for me it usually resulted in death. Finding weapons is seriously all about luck. In a chest you could find anything from a rusty spoon or a katana, usually ending with something in the middle. You could always buy them for the INSANE prices. I wish I had my money back, I should have waited for the new Dead Island. And touching on that I enjoyed the first Dead Island WWWAAAAAAYYYYYY more then this. But enough of that.10/10 would play wallet robber again.Dont buy it."
76561197973314451,Not Recommended,239140,14339458,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Frett,"Good RPG design.  Required movement overly difficult (jumping, etc).  Many will quit playing in the first 30 minutes and never pick it up again.  Don't buy until redesign/patch."
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,239140,20023493,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"Writing's crap, voice acting not much better. Mechanics are boring and well-trod. Why must I perform meaningless bull**** tasks in order to get smart enough to use a hammer, other than Because XP And RPGs Say So? Ludonarrative dissonance of magical survivor sense that highlights all enemies. Stealth gameplay aspects with minimap; why I can I magically see the enemy when they can't see me?In summary: boring, cliched and derivative. Nothing original whatsoever, and what is there is not especially good. The characters are not engaging, well rounded, or acted. All the dialogue is perfunctory. We have the leader of the good guys who has no character traits other than ""is leader of the good guys and stubborn"". We have the leader of the bad guys who is likewise ""is the leader of the bad guys and a nasty guy"". All the bad guy's guards' dialogue basically translates to ""hurr, hurr, I'm a bad guy!"" We're working for a government organisation that's so obviously ""we're the good guys!.... oh but are we secretly the bad guys after all?"" that it insults the player's intelligence.There's good elements of gameplay in here. Avoiding the monsters at night is passable first person stealth (minimap and see-though-walls aside). Melee combat seems a bit primitive. No block I'm aware of and dodge must be unlocked. To its credit, the first-person parkour goes much better than in Mirror's Edge; it's not actually painful.But it's all just... dumb. It constantly pulls you out of it. You're not actually surviving a zombie apocalypse, you're playing a video game. It never misses an opportunity to drop the ball and bring you back to reality. This would be fine if it could stand on its own two feet as a video game, but I don't think it can. The gameplay isn't good enough to carry it without motivation from good storyline or innovation, there is no innovation whatsoever and the story is hamfisted.So it's a disappointment.e: having played a bit more, I am starting to enjoy the fighting, to be honest. There's more to it than meets the eye. Story's still dumb, but I admit I'm having fun now."
76561198102789983,Recommended,239140,20025260,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Golddominator,10/10 Han solo dies
,Not Recommended,239140,33442796,Posted: 10 July,all,Ruiner,"The reason I am not recommending is because:Very bad story and plot. I have no interest in doing side missions or the main quest becuase of the really bad storylines. One of your first missions, you are told to destory the drugs that are keeping everyone alive, including yourself. I mean, am I a operative or a terrorist?The controls are wacky too because this game was made for a console obviously. The open world is nice and runs great, but you have to load into new areas that only consist of a floor or two. wtf"
76561198135488852,Not Recommended,239140,33448226,Posted: 10 July,all,Dumb Idiot,.
,Not Recommended,239140,30362253,Posted: 6 March,all,the thing is...,"I really bored, maybe I did something wrong..."
,Recommended,239140,19346400,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Penedon ☕,Abazing Jump Zombie Game
76561198010390447,Recommended,239140,33714283,Posted: 22 July,all,mournhold,meow
76561197972979421,Not Recommended,239140,23881433,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Anticitizen One,"I tried buying all the DLC I didn't already have for this game, and I have spent the past five minutes trying to figure out what Techland's DLC bundles actually do or do not contain. I appreciate the price drop on content I wanted, but this feels like it was rushed out the door without anyone bothering to give the consumers all the information they needed to make an informed decision."
,Recommended,239140,19581739,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Grek Jurgut,"If u hate zombies and heights, this game is perfect for you."
,Not Recommended,239140,20842583,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Yuri Zhivago,dumpster
76561198055777741,Not Recommended,239140,21118701,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Soviet Bear,Worst ending to a game I've seen in years. It was very frustrating and a horrible cliffhanger with no resolution. Hopefully the DLC is good...
,Not Recommended,239140,21779218,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Robert,"This pisses me off, I bought this game and refunded it for optimization issues, and now they take it a step further and make it so you can't use 32 bit, ♥♥♥♥ you techland."
76561198098299796,Recommended,239140,32397159,Posted: 13 June,all,posadajulian,Great
,Recommended,239140,21070124,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Bad Distraction Carnifex,"Overall: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Parkour movements feel fantastic and natural, melee attacks are fluid and ranged weapons feel like guns, they attract zombies and cause a lot of problems in general if you don't use them appropriately.The grappling hook feels overpowered and kind of cheapens the game by making everything too easy/removing the true danger of night so I have to take off points for that.Plot: 8/10The main plot is almost cringe-worthy with its bad, uninspired antagonist. The side quests completely make the game and are often times these huge, sprawling events that take place over multiple maps.Graphics 10/10My only complaints are: We are all Kyle Crane online and it makes things...kind of silly, the other aspect is just wishing for photorealism but the game still looks fantastic in terms of graphics and art direction.There are a ton of pros and very few cons to this game pre-The Following. If you want to play a good co-op or single player zombie game that reminds you of those few, sweet moments in the 1st Dead Island before everything got silly and tried to be funny this game will not disappoint.The only people I don't recommend this game to are people who don't like excessive gore and the premise of a zombie game (not the execution since Dying Light is nearly flawless in its execution of the genre).Oh, it can also be modded and played with others while modded as long as they have the same exact mods. So say a mod comes out that requires you to eat/drink/sleep/get antizen you can use that mods with your buddies online."
,Recommended,239140,28529819,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,C@$H,my girlfriend loves this game 10/10
,Recommended,239140,14576437,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Waldo The Warper,"This is a fantastic game. The story can be a little weak sometimes, but the entertaining parkour mechanics of the game and the sheer fun of chopping zombies heads off while jumping and climbing make up for it. I do have some gripes with the ""creature mode"" of the game. It feels undeveloped and rushed, but if you happen to aqquire a match it can lead to some minimal entertainment."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,239140,19997950,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Winterspark,Mirrors Edge - without the charm. And a♥♥♥♥♥♥control system. When will developers learn that not everyone wants to use their control system.
,Not Recommended,239140,24567599,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mogg,Not working piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not optimized for AMD machines.
,Recommended,239140,21132140,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Watermalone,Didn't even know I got this game for free10/10 haven't even played this yet
76561198197154833,Recommended,239140,17207528,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,skal du have en flad?,IT WAS A MISTAKE I BUY THIS GAME
76561198115462372,Recommended,239140,21130591,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,▲noscopekingirino▲,lol
,Recommended,239140,14505082,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,J.,"Dying Light has had alot of HYPE and for good reason. Personally I think this game is what Dead Island COULD have been (not that I dislike Dead Island but I was hoping for more weapon types, and parkour and more skills), in fact there is a glitch which is the EXACT same as in Dead Island 1 (except in this you need the skill to be able to throw weapons), but it is still a GREAT game. The reason it has had so much HYPE is because it was delayed an entire year, and is basically Dead Island+ Mirrors Edge+ Assasians Creed+ Dead Rising 3+ Left4Dead2 (yes it really is THAT amazing), I would not be anywhere near suprised if it is called the game of the CENTURY because it seemingly took the best things from some of the best games and combined them to make a super game!                                                                                                                                                                       10/10 would R8 8/8 M8 Bcus its GR8, u can not H8 it.                                                                                                                                         In all seriousness though I would Rate the game 1337/100. Seriously if it was possible i would. Love the game, I reccomended it to all my friends because it simply is amazing."
76561198002425216,Not Recommended,239140,22461502,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Canadabot,"It is weird how your are some olympic athlete while running, but try to swing a weapon at a zombie and you are suddenly a spaghetti-armed asthmatic. Weapons do nothing and break in around ten swings."
,Recommended,239140,18404413,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,KriticalKat,"Honestly enjoyed it, I am usually sarcastic when I make game reviews but this game holds a gem in my heart. I so far 100%ed it and enjoyed every minute but if your rules are $1 per hour you may want to wait for a sale, I have 34 hours, you can do the math clearly 1x34=34 but the gameplay probably made it more fun and especially the stuff you can do around the world. The begining of the game may frustrate you but when you can handle the controls you will be alright throught the rest of the movie. Suprisingly the game doesn't get easier and seems to remain difficult for what it is and to me that is a +. Don't listen to me since I am only a consumer and not a critic."
76561198372512502,Recommended,239140,31961986,Posted: 25 May,all,NINZA,"dfghnjm,."
76561198057548116,Recommended,239140,24927449,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Milk Man,"Let me tell about this game. Its got zombies, its got parkour, its got guns, its got crowbars, its got hammers, its got even more weapons, its got Rahim. Trust me you'll have a good time with Rahim, I guarantee it."
,Not Recommended,239140,17290990,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,∱orster82 | P90 Only,cant even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥run the game lel :P steam no give me refund i cri...
,Recommended,239140,14199059,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,HellHound122,"Anyone saying this game makes you feel like an errand boy or insults your intelligence is wrong, there clearly not looking at the bigger picture. and the parkour is great. I think its a great game and the story is also great."
,Recommended,239140,30914284,Posted: 2 April,all,Phenix,"This is one of those Triple A experiences that you probably want to have. I can only name a handful of games in recent history that I found to be successful at giving me that AAA feeling that makes a game worth full price. This is one of those games (although I picked my copy up around a third of the price).It's just... epic. It's really fun, plain and simple. The melee combat is incredibly satisfying, and the combat levelling system is fantastic.I'm a huge Dead Island fan, and like you've probably read 100 times already, this game is everything that Dead Island was plus so much more. They must be really passionate about making this type of game, because they really learned from their past and delivered a fantastic game that will be remembered and cherished for years to come."
,Not Recommended,239140,30987684,Posted: 6 April,all,spicy meat,i tried to like this game but its too hard on the brain i rate this gametrash can / 10. this game is bad dont buy it even on sale
,Recommended,239140,26442759,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Aleon,"I'm still in the middle of this one. I wish I had preordered it and played it at release, to be honest. This is in my top 5 favorite games of all time. This is co-op zombie killing done right, and I will support these devs in future releases just because they blew my mind with this game. This is what the next generation was supposed to bring, games like Dying Light. I have to say it's a 10/10 because I wouldn't change a thing. I can't understand anyone who has took the time to get good at this game saying it's awful. I bought it three times I liked it so much. On Nvidia Shield for my portable, and on Steam for me, and a second copy for a friend. It's just that much fun. You start to hate dying so much. Lol. Those survivor points can add up and dying will really ♥♥♥♥ you. I'm sure you can read a much more thought out review critiqing the individual game elements, but as for me just know I wouldn't change a thing about this game. It's so very underappreciated and underplayed."
76561198136010961,Recommended,239140,14270563,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,insyd,Night time in a nutshell: Oh shi.. Oh Shi... OH SHI... OH♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198271380910,Recommended,239140,28925295,Posted: 1 January,all,swagfeeddog,FGFDGFDGDGDGGG GUD GAME
76561198149302841,Recommended,239140,20197723,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cherry,I LIKE CHICKEN
76561197976321589,Recommended,239140,14206076,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,element,"Awesome game. Co-op is great, story is good and parkour is AMAZING. Be a zombie mode also lets you be a super fast zombie who can demolish humans. very nice"
,Not Recommended,239140,20312994,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Aggrazel,"Are you freaking kidding me.The last boss fight is a stupid quick time event.Seriously.I mean its frustrating enough to get a dumb "" you are too tired for that right now "" message when using your grappling hook in certain missions. But a QTE for the ultimate showdown? What a let down.Bad design choices by developers of an otherwise decent game."
76561197998430409,Not Recommended,239140,32518194,Posted: 17 June,all,SteveMcQueen,"If you loved The Division, you will love this game.If you got bored with the Division in about 1 weeks like I did, then you won't.The parkour adds an interesting flavor to what is really a repiditive theme with most overly invested cinematic 1st person shooter games. The mission are incredibly tedious.The open world map is great. But, it simply isn't innovative enough for me to justify the time or purchase."
76561198049425806,Not Recommended,239140,19321286,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Davefrog234,game is good but for my game the last mission is buged to #### and idk why.
,Recommended,239140,14313665,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,qwertydash,"""If mama ain't happy, nobody happy"""
76561198163118826,Recommended,239140,32401365,Posted: 13 June,all,YOM<AMA ENBED,I got stuck on my roof.. HELP!
,Recommended,239140,31229649,Posted: 18 April,all,wat,"""i do parkour"""
76561197971088364,Recommended,239140,25250336,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rale,Why the f*** are you reading reviews. You should own this already...
,Recommended,239140,25947946,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Moody,Best game ever
,Recommended,239140,22597231,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,Funny Game
76561198134567729,Not Recommended,239140,18386595,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Minor To Severe Joint Pain,"Alright, so I got the game a while ago, after I got a refund on those god awful glitches on Day Z. I though long about it, and I was willing to spend my money in this game. Well, I open it up and the mouse is SO LAGGY that I cant even select an option. It was the most annoying thing ever. I spoke to the community, I got some patch from microsoft, and even tried every option possible and NOTHING WORKED, and even when I plugged in a controller, movement of the left joystick would be off by quite a bit. It was very hard to play the game, and even when I attempted it, I kept dying because it was impossible to move my cursor to the right spot."
76561198172624917,Not Recommended,239140,20286236,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,odbayarbumaa,THE GAME IS VERY PICKY ON ITS PERFORMANCE BASED ON HARDWARE OF YOUR MACHINE.DO NOT PLAY if you have laptop or anything that is outdated
76561198023013051,Not Recommended,239140,34944755,Posted: 14 September,all,MacGritsch,ATTENTION: Hangs on Mac directly after IntroSupport was not able to help.
76561197980241343,Recommended,239140,25893941,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Not Recommended,239140,29415133,Posted: 21 January,all,Disabilitor,"Dying Light is a suitable name.The beginning of the game is great, but the longer you play it, the more the light fades, and the less and less fun it is."
76561198069955931,Recommended,239140,21124995,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lightly Fried Rice,It was ok6/10
,Not Recommended,239140,24376091,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,The Ghost of King Hamlet,"A broken mess that everyone seems to love because ""It's like dead island, but with parkour""Except the parkour physics are unoptimized and garbageAnd people didn't like dead island.So why people like this game, I'll never know.It's not that bad, its just...It lags like crazy even with my good computer and lowered graphics.AND THE ENDING FIGHT WAS HORRIBLE!!!!QUICKTIME EVENTS?????AND THEN THERES THIS PAUSE WHERE NO EVENTS HAPPEN,AND BOOM!!!MASH F YOU HAVE 1 SECONDOOOPS LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE DEADI died more during the ending than the entire game.And it's repetetive.You need to actually avoid certain perks in order to not have crane constantly wall jump towards certain doom.Like seriousely he jumps off the wall for no reason.and you only need a good shotgun and all of the brutish, supposed-to-be-overpowered enemied become just 3 clicks from death.Can't run from stupidy overpowered night creatures? Shotgun can!"
,Not Recommended,239140,18574445,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sentura,"It's like Dead Island with parkour for 60% of the game, then it turns kind of interesting for some time when you reach the second area. Ultimately the game has a decent pace, but ridden with flaws that create a frustrating player experience.Here's a list of the worst offenders:- Controls (gamepad) are sluggish and unresponsive. They are also unintuitvely placed and cannot be changed save for a few configurations.- Combat is frustrating. Enemies are basically walls of health that come at you. Weapons don't feel rewarding and never deal enough damage or seem to damage enemies realistically. Zombies almost always get up even after getting hit multiple times, making combat mostly a chopping simulator. Stronger enemies are basically never worth fighting because of lacking weaponry and because their abilities are tedious to deal with. Not fun.- Missing design language for in-game objects. Explosive barrels are unmarked. Sometimes in linear level section I still got lost because it was unclear which way I was supposed to go and what part of the level was background/fluff. Ledges and other climbable objects were never highlighted, which in many cases caused death by falling.- AI behavior and abilties are imbalanced and the fact that different AI attacks can synergize to create a devastating effect for the player seems to have eluded the developers entirely. It's not fun getting thrown off buildings just because a zombie swings its arms or receiving death by rebar sledgehammers when you're in a biter lock.- 60% of the world is basically Act 2 from Dead Island. Second location is more interesting, but ultimately there is too much time spent being in sewers, in projects or other boring places.The only real fun in this game is the parkour rooftop gameplay, which is great in the second location, but lacking and uninteresting in the first location and all side locations (sewers, inside buildings etc). I would be more lenient if I didn't have to spend €50 on this; it is definitely NOT worth the money. Go get MIrror's Edge if you want parkour. At this point it's both cheaper and a better game in this genre."
76561198108774777,Recommended,239140,20051953,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Korva,This game is what happened when Dead Island had sex with mirror's edge.but there is one main difference that this game got from mirror's edge that I can't explain.It doesn't have Mirror's Edge glitchy and broken engine for parkour....it has actual working parkour!
,Recommended,239140,23041150,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,"Eric ""Eazy-E"" Wright",The game's name is Dying Light because it is so addictive that I will never see the sunlight.
,Recommended,239140,19469026,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bloodkeeper Thickmeat,One of the best single player fps games out there.
76561198049683798,Recommended,239140,20153132,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kain,"Dying lightDay 1... I was pounding the heads in on a bunch of slow stupid zombies,listening to thier moans from all around me and i thot this isnt so bad i can do this. Then out of nowhere i hear a really loud deadly scream, i turn around to find a super scary ugly zombie running towards me it scared the friggen crap out of me and i had to run back to the safe house for some fresh underwhere.....27/10 i would totaly recomend this game becouse no other game has ever made me almost poop my pants"
,Recommended,239140,14228762,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Crestbear,sword and shield! feels like a open world dungeon crawler!
,Recommended,239140,33503117,Posted: 13 July,all,aetheriality,did i have fun?yes
,Recommended,239140,14195262,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,amirsley23,this game kind look different then other. hard challenge and free world. i want play more!
76561198357161403,Recommended,239140,30527872,Posted: 15 March,all,✪ CiViC,only did this for the badge ily
,Not Recommended,239140,17066249,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,DrRetard,"First and foremost, you are forced to kill children in this game. I stopped playing it for this reason. The gameplay is extremely entertaining aside from this one awful thing, and to be fair it was a zombie child...The open world is fun to explore, the variety of zombies pose a decent challenge, and the fetch quests aren't that bad considering the number of things to explore. You constantly find & upgrade new weapons. Your character levels up. And if you like exploring buildings for materials this game has you covered.But really it just boils down to my first statement after hours and hours of play... if you're prepared to snap a child's neck because it's crying then consider buying this."
,Recommended,239140,33510730,Posted: 13 July,all,Sis,.
76561198014834130,Recommended,239140,19378222,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,anarchaic,What a ripoff!  Even at halfprice.  If you've played Dead Island then you've played this game.  Shame on the devs for being greedy and unimaginative. (and i bought this on sale and am still jerked about it)
76561198353169370,Recommended,239140,34528471,Posted: 27 August,all,SKYFISH,love it
76561198097288021,Recommended,239140,25812494,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BROCALMDOWN,mmmmmmmmmmmmm
,Not Recommended,239140,24306797,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tom,"This is a weak ""not recommended"" because there's a lot to like here, but there is too much else that is simply too poorly executed and limited the ""fun"" for me.  Examples:- No climbing down.   Descending tall buildings is either finding a target trash pile or tediously trying to catch on to things backwards.- Worst-in-class boss fights.  Fit about as poorly in the game as Deus Ex: Human Revolution -- I would say in some cases, even worse.  They do things like take all the weapons you've spent time making, prevent any real run-and-dash parkour (that is otherwise central to the game) and instead give you set pieces with fixed weapons and a lot of dodging.  Really, just lots of dodging, like you suddenly fell in to the Witcher 3 with no equipment.  The final boss is even a QTE.- Lousy gunplay and absurd ""crossfire"" set piece missions that you're forced to participate in for story progress.- The story itself.  It's fine, I guess.  But if you're read any reviews, well, other folks cover this plenty -- it's pretty generic.The best parts are fast-paced, run-and-dash parkour with a frantic skirmish here and there.  These parts kept me going for a while, probably more than the game deserved.  They kept me hopeful, because while it sometimes feels wonky, when it works it does work well.  Unfortunately, the interruptions for mediocre missions and other distractions make an interesting concept ... well, just frustrating enough that it was no longer fun."
,Not Recommended,239140,24308412,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,NormalPerson,"amazing that the price for this game is stil so high, this game is good tho, when it comes to single player, when it comes to multiplayer, the tick rate in the game is horrible, and there are tons of cheaters, if you play zombie and go agienst humans, they will have infinite health and energy on their UV light, you'll see that their health bar and UV bar is dragged across your entire screen. also they will kill all the nests by attacking 1 nest 1 time, and the game ends instantly, and alot of ppl are bugging inside the map, so you cannot get to them, and they will just force you to leave, i recommend playing this game with friends you know, or you'll end up with a bunch of people who has downsyndrome from all across the world"
76561197968574248,Not Recommended,239140,23649410,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,finite9,"for Linux.  yeah right.  looked at the requirements: i've got an i7-4790K 16GB ram, Radeon HD 7550 that supports OpenGL 4.2 which is supported.  All green.  But I use 64-bi Fedora and not 32-bit Ubuntu.  Who the hell uses 32-bit Linux anymore??  So bought the game and after 1 yr never played it.  It just fails to run whatsoever.  I had hopes of support fixing their issues (they cant even get the real version of Mesa OpenGL because the fetch the wrong string value, so even if my Mesa 11.2 has support for OpenGL 4.2, they cannot recognise that without my doing an override), but even after sending them all the logs they requested, I never even got a reply."
,Recommended,239140,18826549,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
,Not Recommended,239140,21077009,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Seboli,/!\ DONT BUY ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥(PRO PLAYER OPINION) /!\DO NOT ♥♥♥♥♥ I WARNED U
,Recommended,239140,32946163,Posted: 28 June,all,Pedro,The dlc is even better then the main game hahhaha
,Recommended,239140,35502578,Posted: 5 October,all,FennecFox,i like this game
76561198352183763,Recommended,239140,28644974,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,benutzer,hello . just need to know how I can display the FPS!?: ) i already tried to enable FPS in steam and also tried the app count it for Mac. buuut no FPS showed.With all other games I see the FPS. ony not in Dying Light. Thank youfor reading and if you have a soultion I would be very happy. thank you.
,Recommended,239140,21135772,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Midina,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239140,14332076,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Barkie_Mailman,"This game is a total roller coaster ride of amazing highs and devastating lows.At times I love this. The extreme mobility of your character feels like the future of FPS games. No crouch jumping to make it up on a ledge. No unreasonably being stuck behind a 7 foot wall when you can climb it. Really great!Then....the melee is a real mix. The game will pit you against 6 human fighters who will block with their weapons while you can only attack, ddash or run away (also you cannot block for some strange reason...you just eat hammer blows like fishsticks n' hot sauce). The contact of the weapons feels really off sometimes too. Kicks rarely do anything, knives are so bad it's enough to make you vomit (Imagine Mike Tyson vs Meg Griffin with Long fingernails), and critical hits to the head are too rare. You can beat a sombie in the face 15 times while they barely flinch and still grab you.Then the guns - FINALLY. Guns are amazing. Human enemies will throw their hands up in surrender and let you rob them when you are aiming at them. Blasting Z's in the face causes that very pleasing head explosion everyone loves. Only problem with the guns is that it takes about 5 hours of game time to get one...and then when you do get one you only have 15 bullets for it. Then you will not get another one for 3-4 more additional hours. Ugh.MISC ITEMS- The warning that a special zomie around is nto good enough. I left base camp in the day to head to an objective point. I stopped to kill one stray zombie and within 3 seconds the entire screen lights up and I explode. Apparently there was an explosive zombie right behind a van just waiting in silence to nuke me. Some noise would be greatly appreciated for these things.-NPC quests make me want to pull the pc's power cord from the wall like I'm starting a lawnmower. Found one guy who wanted me to defend him and lead him to a safe house. ok....dude instantly runs into the largest group of zombies I've seen in one place in the game yet. Died in about 15 seconds, and the only reason I survived is that I threw every molotov cocktail I had at them (+1 good points for the mollies btw..they work great!)All in all - It's a good game. I would not recommend that anyone buy it....but I also would not tell anyone to avoid it either. Get it if the $60 is nothing to you, or just wait for the price to drop a bit."
,Not Recommended,239140,14305383,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GFSA,"While the game is good (I mean I'm actually enjoying it), considering the price I would probably just wait for the game a little bit later because of the game-breaking bugs atm, such as not being able to level up your survivor rank to max, achievement bugs, etc; just check the forums whether it's steam's community or another one for the list of bugs.  Also, if you're more of an AMD user, I've read about some complaints from people about the game having poor optimization on AMD GPUs and CPUs.Most of the cons are on a technical note rather than gameplay itself. I would recommend the game but these bugs are something game-breaking for your own good imo.  TLDR I'd follow this game and wait for a later date until they release more patches/fixes."
76561198065494238,Not Recommended,239140,14214689,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kent of the Isle,This game gave me ebola. I love the gameplay zombie AI the parkour is amazing the night time is exciting and fun. With those features alone this game would be 11/10 but the game is the worst PC port ever created. I can run games like Arma 3 in high settings and have a good amount of frames but when I get into Dying light im going 25-40 frames and crash every 30 minutes. I loaded the game up to play and crashed in under 2 minutes. In conclusion if the devs or anyone can make a patch to fix this the game will earn a 12/10 but until then it will remain at 0/10.P.S. Dying light crashes so hard my whole PC black screens and I have to restart it. (Cancer)
,Not Recommended,239140,14217082,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/BadCrabLive,"Did you like Dead Island? Because this is Dead Island - complete with endless inventory/crafting management, permanently degrading weapons, zombies clipping through terrain, etc.   I have experienced numerous bugs... I have been forcing myself to play it to justify the $60 I spent.At the 20hour mark I've encountered a game-breaking bug that makes it impossible to continue my save. In the quest ""Siblings"" I am unable to place a bomb in the designated location (marked by an outline of the bomb) - there is simply no prompt to place the bomb.  I have to STRONGLY recommend AGAINST purchasing this game. (Many) other users have experienced similar game-breaking bugs: not being able to open main-quest storyline doors & some users even losing all of their save game data around the 20-30hr mark."
76561198007214177,Not Recommended,239140,14193673,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,khilan,"Currently UNPLAYABLE for me ( AMD HD 7990)Terrible fps , i get that you promote nvidia cards but if you build a game that only plays on nvidia cards you better put it on the description !!!!PS you won this time with all those pre-order bonus crap but it was the last time ubi.... erm techlandI7 4770k24 gb Ramamd hd 7990/update/Really fun game and highly recomended for all to try out , SLI and Crossfire was not optimized at the time of the post . So rly crappy launch but rly solid game if ur not on SLI or Xfire"
,Recommended,239140,14258903,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chris Columbo,The best simulator of killing black women and children on the market.
76561197993980917,Not Recommended,239140,14202807,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Judge Judy,"Lots of parkour puzzles, not a lot of zombie killing.  If you like running around like a dumbass, your probably like Mirror's Edge.  If you want to straight up whip some♥♥♥♥♥ this is not for you (or me)."
76561197974220692,Not Recommended,239140,14215235,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,clarkepv,This is going to be hard work. Complex millisecond-perfect sequences to learn to progress make this much harder to enjoy than other FPS
,Not Recommended,239140,14214945,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chubs,"This game is visually swell looking good and great even on medium settings. Runs well, no crashes so far and from what I've heard from other people none on their end either. The parkour system is fun, giving a kind of Mirrors Edge feel to it, fun to jump around and climb while most zombie games are just running in and taking everything on like Rambo. Skill Tree is nice also. Giving you some extra things to work on and improving your character is always great as you get to unlock new stuff. In general it's just fun to play and I can imagine it will be even more fun with a friend in co-opAll that said, I still wouldn't recommend this game to someone, not full price at least. The reason I got this game wasn't because of it's hype, it's reviews or anything like that. I simply got this game because I needed something to entertain me and I had some extra cash, the concept seemed cool and that was enough for me. I'm writing this review about 6 hours into playing the game and so far I haven't gotten bored yet but I can see this becoming a Dead Island kinda thing. It's going to feel fun for sometime, that entertainment might be prolonged if a friend joins in but then after a while the quests are gonna start feeling the same and it's gonna be more fun watching paint dry.What I'm getting at is, this game is fun, it's in interesting concept and it's good for a while but it's nothing special. I would only recommend this if you get it on a sale for £20 at the most. Not really regretting my £40 being spent on it but I wouldn't say it's worth THAT much."
,Not Recommended,239140,14439913,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Black Cat,"Does not run well on radeon cards...♥♥♥♥♥♥poor optimization, obvious console port, and plays far too similarly to dead island, meaning the company recycled its game play, just changed the location. I cannot endorse this, perhaps if the developers actually tried to optimize it I could give it a passable rating but they simply do not do so."
,Not Recommended,239140,32832338,Posted: 26 June,all,Blank,very scary when herobrine comes out at night
,Not Recommended,239140,33778478,Posted: 24 July,all,Grant,"Would not recommend buying this game at full price. It isn't terrible, but it suffers from really frustrating mechanics. The two which stuck out the most for me were 1) The game has a tendency to randomly spawn zombies behind you, which is extremely cheap and unrealistic. Being in an enclosed area trying to deal with a boss and then suddenly being attacked from behind by a zombie that could not possibly have gotten in is ridiculous.And 2) The ""difficulty"" was derived from spamming unmanageable amounts of zombies and expecting you to be able to deal with that. The biggest example of this was the final part of the game, which was an absolutely AWFUL experience. On top of that, the game punishes you for dying when half the time your deaths are due to the crappy mechanics.In short, not the worst game I've played by any means, but not worth the full price due to how aggravating the mechanics are."
,Not Recommended,239140,28840112,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Respect Dat1,"Dead Island version 8.0 bringing you zombies that actually scare you. The moment that the game told me that I could kick zombies... my entire view changed on the game. I was optimistic... thinking... hey, maybe it won't be as dumb as Dead Island.Oh boy was I wrong, as a flying foot of fury flew through the skies, out of nowhere you perform a capoeira kick that delivers a stunning shock to zombies in a cone, meanwhile you shrug it off as if you only kicked a soccer ball.Then... my worst fears. Weapon degradation. I can understand sharp objects and guns degrading, as sharp weapons require to be sharpened, and guns need to be cleaned... but if I want to hit some mother ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the god damn head with a lead ♥♥♥♥ing pipe, then I'm gonna do it until it breaks. AND WHEN IT BREAKS, I WILL CONTINUE TO BEAT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF WHATEVER I DAMN WELL PLEASE. It makes NO SENSE as to why all of a sudden a BLUNT OBJECT FAILS TO DAMAGE SOMETHING BECAUSE IT'S ""BROKEN,"" YET I'M CLEARLY SWINGING IT AT THEIR ♥♥♥♥ING HEAD.So because of this♥♥♥♥♥♥tier degradation system, in the early stages of the game, you're kicking your way to victory, because the quests in that game force you to go in the streets, where all the majestic zombies are, instead of the rooftops, where you can actually do something without getting eaten alive.I got my satisfaction of parkour running from Assassin's Creed games.. so I'm not impressed. It's just that.. that one single game mechanic just turned me away from this game completely. I couldn't even enjoy myself knowing I just can't randomly beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of someone or something with a lead pipe. (Yes, a weapon degrades if you hit a wall or object)."
76561197976510474,Not Recommended,239140,34202612,Posted: 12 August,all,Volcanoris,"I was on the fence on whether this game should be yes or no on the recommendation.  I like the game overall, but there are some aspects that have such horrible design that it's downright painful.  There was one aspect that pushed it to an overwhelming no though, which I'll circle back to.Pros:Full co-op.  For some reason it's really hard to find a game that just lets the entire game be co-op.  Sure it makes the story screwy with two or more of the same guy running around, but honestly the story in this game is so bad I really don't care.  I'm here to kill zombies with friends, that's it.Combat.  It's nothing special, but if you're looking for a fun hack-and-slash fest, especially with friends, you could do worse.  Sometimes things don't trigger properly, and weapons really need an indicator on whether they're one or two handed since things that are obviously using two hands are using one handed skills, but overall my buddy and I had several times where we would just stop for 15-20 minutes and kill waves of dudes until night ended or we started being driven back.Challenge.  Not through the whole game, at least on normal, but when we first ran in to the volatiles they were much rougher than I was expecting, and groups of them stayed a challenge through most of the game.  Yeah you could pick a good spot and mow them down, but it took a bit of planning and wasn't just a walk in the park.  I like a game that has some challenge without just kicking you in the face for no reason, or relying on bad mechanics.Cons:Story.  It's not a huge deal, since I'm really not here for the story, but this is Plot Stupid: The Game.  You start with your character being too stupid to guide a parachute and just go down hill from there, resulting in tons of cutscene incompetence as characters die and bad things happen while you can't seem to remember that you have a gun and could just shoot the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that only has a knife.Gear removal.  Another one that's not a huge issue as it only happens briefly, though several times, but why are we still seeing games that take away all of the gear you've worked to earn.  Does anyone like this?  Stop it.Parkour.  You'll see some people complain that the grappling hook invalidates 90% of the parkour in the game.  My complaint with this is that it still leaves 10% of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in.  The parkour in this game is so half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it's appalling.  It's hard to tell what you can interact with, the buttons aren't consistent, you're character will just randomly decide to not jump as far, or to climb to the top of something and take three steps forward even though you're not touching the keyboard and there's no room to stand.  All in all it's ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious and if it weren't for the grappling hook letting you actually move around without falling off of everything I probably never would have finished this game.That.  ♥♥♥♥ing.  Ending.  Seriously, this is what took me off the fence and put me squarely in the Not Recommended camp.  I can tell you exactly how planning for that ending went.  Someone sat down and wrote down all the worst aspects of this game, clunky controls, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t parkour, plot stupid, and then decided that wasn't enough so they needed to add some aspects of other games everyone hated.  ""Hey, the long elevator rides where nothing happens in Mass Effect 1 went over poorly, let's throw that in.""  ""Everyone hates quicktime events right? How about one that gives you maybe half a second to act on each piece, and restarts the whole monologue when you fail anything?""  Add to it that the ending is the only part of the game you can't co=op other than the intro, you'll just randomly be kicked back in to single-player, and it was enough to push me to not recommend this game.Overall it may be worth grabbing and seeing if you can live with the controls, especially around parkour, and go from there, but it just has a few too many issues for my taste."
,Not Recommended,239140,14414445,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tadswana,This is the last big budget game I'm ever buying.Just poor linear crap with amazing graphics. I'm staying Indie from now on.
76561198105545153,Not Recommended,239140,14306210,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,OG_GUTZ,very badly optimized. crapy console port. wish I could get my money back!
,Not Recommended,239140,14204175,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ZenWidjet,"The game is what I expected but I can't bring myself to recommend this game because to me the controls seem to be a bit too un responsive to me went trying to climb and jump between buildings....In the couple hours I've played so far I can't count how many times I've missed jumps because the character didn't grab when I was expecting them to.  Also, I've been noticing HUGE Framerate drops between the transistion from player control and scripted in game cut-scenes other than at those times I haven't noticed any framerate issues.  Game sees to need a patch or two, but the issues are not going to stop me from trying to play the game."
76561198309693761,Not Recommended,239140,28949581,Posted: 2 January,all,Minecraft,the quick action event at the end of the game ruined it quick action is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and shouldn't be in final boss fights.
,Not Recommended,239140,14259881,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,matthew_lemaster,This game seriously sucks♥♥♥♥♥ It's like a bunch of kids wrote the code. Serious let down the game was so hyped for nothing. Good advertising team for sure
,Not Recommended,239140,14234981,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dustypants,"The parkour is mediocre. It feel unrefined. Sadly Brink did a better job at jumping and climbing around. Everything else is the pretty much the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥with Dead Island, just a different story.REHASH with one extra (meh) mechanic.If you really love Dead Island then you are going to get it. If you never have played Dead Island, this would be better to play than the past work. But I still wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,239140,28692262,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Muncrow,My equipment is more than enough to handle it but the games crashes too much.
,Not Recommended,239140,14197971,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,"It looks good, and thats about it if you have played anything by techland before.Techland pretty much just released a less repeditive ( but not by much) Dead Island spin-off. You can see it everywhere in the game, the AI , the zombies, the weapons , even in the damn crafting componets. Also sounds like the main voice actor is logan from DI .Deff not worth the 60$ price tag seeing as its a deadisland rehash. I torrented all the DI games so I guess me trusting techland enough to BUY one of their games is my faultTechland you are unoriginal on a different level, I mean I Can see you trying to put out another derp island , but trying to pretty much repackage it into something more and leaving A good 50% of the gameplay  un-altered from your other sinking titles ,well thats just the reason the industry is in the ""PRE ORDER THIS & DLC THAT TO GET CONTENT WE CUT FROM THE GAME FOR MORE $$ "" state it is.Developers like you should get mauled by a pack of rabid bronys, you ruin the game industry by making watered down crap."
,Recommended,239140,14190039,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Silvershock,"Wow.. well its launch night and usually on games you've been waiting literally 2 or 3 years to play are riddled with errors and faillure all over hte place.. i've been playing non stop for since it launched breaking only to say this.. this game is everything i wanted it to be.. and the great part is i'm only like 2 hours in... can't wait to see where this goes, night time is frightening, this is a great title if you're of the minority of gamers ( lol ) that love zombie games yet are tired of them at hte same point because its jsut more of the same brought to the same shabby table over and over again... well this is a breath of fresh air.. i love it and i can't wait to see where it goes//// must by for hte zombie parkour fanatic in yourself who appreciates a bit of violence hairy situations where youcan't believe you're not dead and crafting... lol of course crafting..anyways stop reading this i'm gonna stop typing so i can go back to playing... also the controller format kb + m obviously feels great, some games don't make the buttons feel right but its whats the word intuitive ... anyways check it out =)"
,Not Recommended,239140,15730603,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,HaazMatt,"Thius game could have been a lot better. It's mechanics are punishing and clunky. Items can only be repaired so many times before thery are permanently made useless, which makjes upggrading a weapon pointless. finding weapons is near imossible, I spoent 2 hours only to find one wrench which was uselss in about five minutes. save your money for something way better, lkiterally any other game"
,Not Recommended,239140,18270327,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,LOVEEEER,"I have beta tested games, tested early acces ones, yet never have I encountered a game as buggy as this one right here. Zombies teleporting, disappearing re-appearing, noclip zombies, flying rocks thrown by zombies that aren't even in your line of sight. The game is an obvious ripoff of Dishonored, (the scene where you nearly turn into a zombie, hopping through rocks) Dark Messiah Of Might And Magic (kicking enemies into spikes, slow-mo kills) and L4D (Zombies are basically reskinned versions. Night hunter is a somewhat combination of them). The idea is awesome, parkour zombie game, yet the gameplay is not. The night hunter thingy is fine though. After some point (which is the one I am writing 1 minute after) the bugs really overwhelm you and you lose your will to play.PROS-  Sometimes smooth gameplay-  Kind of an interesting RPG-  Parkouring-  Co - Op-  Night HunterCONS-  Get stuck in places for no reason when parkouring, using grappling hook etc.-  Really boring scenario.-  Cliffhanger ending.-  Obligatory quick time melee event even although you have guns.-  90% of the creators are named Pawél.If this game is on sale yea you may want to get it. But this isnt a game that you re-install after 3 or 4 months and finish the scenario. Playing with a friend is nice and fun but as I said gets boring after a while."
76561198002494306,Not Recommended,239140,15503026,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,BOSS NIGGA,gavno
76561198163118912,Not Recommended,239140,14300943,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,DetectiveBongRips,"If you only meet the minimum system reqs, you're not going to be able to run the game. Lag makes it unplayable. I upgraded my graphics card to play Far Cry 4, since I experienced much the same problems with that game, only it doesn't seem to matter with Dying Light. Lag makes it impossible for me to complete the final mission, leaving me stuck in a part of the game that I can't escape until I beat it. Now I need to figure out what I need to upgrade to make Dying Light playable, and buy that before I can even beat the game. Don't drop the funds on this unless you're sure your system surpasses the recommended requirements."
76561198141865764,Not Recommended,239140,14732490,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,kykugs,"I'm sick of buying games on steam that don't work!!  DON""T buy this game!  I have a brand new Dell with an I7 and 16G DDR3.  I checked all the requirements and I far exceed them, but still the game lags so bad that it is unplayable.  Ive tried every fix I can find and nothing works.  This seams to happen way too often.  If you sell bad products even if you didn't create them than you should refund your customers money!"
,Not Recommended,239140,14199928,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,VieuxRenard [BE],"Awful to play at the momentEdit : No lag this time but still awful to playI loved mirror's edge, I love to kill zombies but don't like this gamevf is hilariousyou just need to press space pretty much everywhere and you're safeImersion is so hard, I can'tUrgh disappointment"
,Recommended,239140,14219785,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Babu,"""Fapped."" 10/10 - IGN"
,Not Recommended,239140,28951131,Posted: 2 January,all,DigitalPigeon,"The story and premise seemed cool. Watching the trailers, I was really excited for this story. Unfortunately, the game play wasn't very good. Its actually really sad because as I said, the story seemed awesome though I never got through the first mission to see it. Refunded. :("
,Not Recommended,239140,14439283,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Elitesune,"If you're running on an AMD CPU, GPU, or both, STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!! This game runs like 2 month old microwaved dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ Running with an AMD FX-8350 OC'ed to 5ghz and an OC'ed AMD RADEON R9 290X (1130 on the core 1400 on the mem) and on a good day I MIGHT be able to stay above 30fps with maxed settings, if I am really lucky that day. I am sorry for anyone else who has fallen victim to this trap and dumped $60 on Techland for the Dying Light console experience on your 1K+ gaming PC :/ Oh and before anyone goes saying that ""It's not DL AMD just sucks git gud with Intel&Nvidia"" I hear it's running pretty poorly for team Blue/Green aswell not as bad but still pretty freaking bad, You know a game is poorly optimized when your GPU is getting maxed at 20-30% usage and my 8350 only to about 60%......I mean come on! Even the latest Ubisoft games are better than that! The're pretty bad as well but at least I can get a decent FPS on ubi games even if it's not as good as it could be.......Techland is going to have a lot of optimization work or refunding going on soon. This I know."
76561198278262556,Recommended,239140,28563542,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,King of 瘫 guard,真的很棒，两年多的游戏了，经常更新，逢年过节还有活动。本体和dlc几乎是两个游戏，绝对值这个价格。最后We want chineseWe want chineseWe want chineseWe want chineseWe want chineseWe want chineseWe want chineseWe want chineseWe want chinese!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,239140,14276210,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bill,Has a 4 pack but you can't even play coop until you finish a 30-60 min tutorial. Ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,239140,14732155,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Noubs,fun but once you finish the campaign the game lacks substance as well as things to do
76561198006307335,Not Recommended,239140,22293836,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,COL Kernel,;[p
76561197970601640,Not Recommended,239140,29403445,Posted: 21 January,all,ManInTheBoat,5/10When they made this game they realised that zombies had been done to death since Left4Dead started the craze and that parkour was only a novelty that couldn't keep one's interest past the seventh jump. That added to the story straight from Hollywood's most mass produced bobblehead scripts makes the game well below average by today's standards. The developers realised this so decided to try to add absolutely everything from every other game made including the annoying QTEs amongst other things.Still the game looks nice and never once crashed while I was playing it. I've given it 5/10 because you can't fault the developers determination to appeal to everyone and the only thing they missed was the 4 player Special Forces Co-Op where you fight off hordes of terrorists.....................
,Not Recommended,239140,31736495,Posted: 13 May,all,Foot.,"If you wanna play a game about running around kicking zombies n sick♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, then play this, but if you want a story driven  game with great scripts then get away from here becasue this was poor asf, and you could complete it in a day, i feel like this game was just made to make money off, spend £39.99 elsewhere."
,Recommended,239140,25502425,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,TheBananaMan128,"Huh, didn't realize if you dropkicked a Zombie, you won't take damage, nor will any zombie think to try to eat you on the ground.10/10 Would Dropkick zombie again"
76561198154278150,Not Recommended,239140,28812514,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ImWicked,When i downloaded this game it my fps counter said 5 fps for the main menu and the game itself. Not very happy with this. please help if there are any ways to raise the fps in game.
,Not Recommended,239140,20052479,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,chiknmastr,ya
76561198121569354,Not Recommended,239140,28848170,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kelv,It looks good but it's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ refunded it right away..
,Not Recommended,239140,33156046,Posted: 2 July,all,HappyerbS,it's dead island  and i hate dead island
,Not Recommended,239140,29063214,Posted: 6 January,all,kallam,"Very frustrating game. Not really enjoyed my time playing it, but I continued playing in the hope the gameplay improved. Zombies that take multiple hits to kill and weapons that break after a few hits is not a good combination. I play Zombie games to kill zombies not run around them.I do like the change during the night when your best option is to avoid the zombies, but during the day I should be able to kill the trash zombies with ease not spend minutes bashing one zombie over and over.Not sure why the game gets such positive reviews maybe the multiplayer improves the game so much more than the single player experience.Anybody who wants to kill zombies should avoid the game."
76561198123412837,Not Recommended,239140,14191989,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,python4161 4K,"Ive seen♥♥♥♥♥♥come out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥that looks better, and has better performance..."
,Not Recommended,239140,18152184,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,C Wizzy,the steam refund service was very quick and easy to use
76561198059654046,Recommended,239140,14190156,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,smashatron610,It was what Dead Island was supposed to be according to the developers. This is what Dead Island should have been. The combat is amazing. Parkour is perfect it makes running from zombies more fun. Only problem is cutscenes generate a lot of lag for some reason runs at full on a 770 no problem but i turned down some of the settings to increase preformance.
,Not Recommended,239140,24539233,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,NitroMidgets,"Got really old really fast. Lather, rinse and repeat with gear that breaks because apparently zombie heads are made of acid which destroys steel weapons.At least I was given my copy."
76561198201426702,Not Recommended,239140,23185661,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,datfunk13,"Dying Light would be great if A. The devs fixed the same problems they had left from the dead island series, and B. let alone fully polished the mechanics added by the new parkor system.This game gets too much hype because it fills a niche in the genre, however with the sales they get and the positive feedback, it is no wonder they don't go back to fix things like characters falling through floors, and random enemy spawn/despawn right in front of your eyes. This being only a few of the issues carried over since dead island. I cant even go into the slew of technical problems associated with parkor, one of the simplest being a literal % chance you will grab a ledge when you use a grappling hook. Time after time you will escape near death by grappling, hit a ledge far out the reach of all problems, only to not grab said ledge, and watch window sill after window sill fly past your face, only to insta die, or lose enough life that the surrounding zombies finish you off.What is a great game in idea and theory is ruined quite easily by the frustration you feel because of all the unpolished elements to the game. I wish more people were pointing this out if only to get these issues resolved. The reality is I do recommend this game, but it gets a thumbs down if only to draw more attention to these aspects which make an otherwise fantastic gaming experience, very unenjoyable."
76561198002747293,Not Recommended,239140,14291872,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,sherblid_radiance,"Quick point form of highlights and shortcomings in no particular order:-Free running is awesome and usually quite fluid.-Free running makes you too godlike especially on herbs.  You can run from anything and there is no sense of danger... its not necessarily a bad thing because your trained to survive by doing parkour but the main character becomes toooo goood at it that you can do circles around volatiles at night-You can damage any part of the body and it shows.-You don't need to destroy the head to kill..-Eventualyl your weapons become so strong and zombies don't level to match that one swipe anywhere is instant death for them.. also cracking necks killst hem for somereason i guess they aren't really the undeadd they are infectedd.-Graphics are decent for ati and very good for nvidia users.-The story has some good parts but falls apart in the second act especially the ending-Overall the acting of the characters is terrible and unrealistic much like dead island but slightly better.-The map is repetitive (slums and more slums every house looks the same)-loot everything is unnecessary as the quartermaster will give you most of the supplies, so you just need weapons and herbs-movement and skills are hybrid of dead island and far cry 3/farcry 4-the setup of hte map is similar to farcry 3/farcry 4 i.e outposts and missions at each outpost-overallt eh game feels like a clone of farcry with zombies in the slums with an okay story..-the main characters are too helpless in the beginning like this is too much all about krane being superman and everyone else is incapable of doing anything.-the gun fights are really really bad.. its the same ai build like dead island where you just hide and head shot done.  the enemy does nto try to adapt out flank or anything.-shields are useless as you can dodge and one shot kill later on..-main cons are the end game as you become way too overpowered even in endgame+-coop makes the game ridiculously too easy some scaling should be involved to make things more difficult-penalty for death is like nothing as you can make up for it by slaying a zombie or two saving someone.. so the only fear of death is wasting time and ending back at a far check point (tower climbs)-why are there no silencers on guns? is it because it would make the game too easy?-why are there no cross bows?-AMMO IS PLENTIFUL NOT SCARCE PLENTIFUL BUY IT ITS CHEAP...-guns are not hard to find and ammo is sold at all stores and refreshes every day and you control the day and night by sleeping right next to the store soo... the only thing making ammo scarce is you can carry a  very limited amount.. THAT IS SO FLAWED when this guy can carry so many big weapons but okay ill buy it.-two handed weapons serve no  point as one handed ones kille verythign 1 hit late game.. HOWEVER two handed ones dooo look very cool when you do the BIG SMASH. but really they serve no realistic purpose at all-Basically the game starts off really good but cannot scale to the main characters strength and becomes wayyy too easy-The story lacks emotion by the characters animations and  the voice acting and poor dialogue-The game feels like its half done mainly cause of how the story played out and its pacing.-To improve the game the ai needs a buff or the skills needs to be reworked.-There are a lot of useless skills that could be reworked.. like the shield why use it when you can dodge and 1 hit something.. ??!?!?-I don't know how you can fix the story.. if they make another zombie game they can consider taking the story mroe seriously .. have more meaningful useful realistic characters woudl be great as everyone seems helpless and you are a 1 man army."
76561197977182783,Not Recommended,239140,14236478,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Xenon54,"Can't even run it at all. Once I got into the main world, there was massive lag and eventually a dialouge box came on saying that the game was using too much RAM (I have 16gb of RAM so I knew that could not be true). This dialouge box froze the game and I was forced to quit. I have literally JUST got to the main world and I was really looking forward to enjoying this game. I guess until a new Patch comes out I won't be playing."
76561198046665186,Not Recommended,239140,20207555,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fatal Pastry,"Honestly, this review was tough to write. It was pretty close either way for a long time. There were a lot of things I liked about Dying Light, a lot of moments I enjoyed. But there were also many, many moments I was incredibly frustrated by the game, be it by a system or a quest or a situation or whatever. But at the end of it all, I can't help but feel that the negatives ultimately end up outweighing the positives. There were a lot of fun moments I had in Dying Light- but I had to put up with a lot of stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥in between.So, should you buy it? Well, if it's on sale for $20 or less and you really, REALLY want it, I guess. But otherwise, I'd reccommend steering clear. Sure, there are plenty of people who enjoy Dying Light, and it's far from a bad game. But personally I had to swallow too much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for those good moments to be worth it."
76561197976222615,Recommended,239140,14190577,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,InstableMonster,"Very nice game, it's a next gen «Dead Island» with parcour moves and skilltrees, crafting is back, everything can be done on the move, quests are not as repititive because of the «parcour puzzle» and such (how to find a way to enter a building)cpu : i2600kgpu : gtx 770ram : 16g DDR3os : W7Everything maxed out no performance issue whatsoever, no fps drop, the worst I've seen is 2-3 texture pop in sor far.  If you like the spiritual predecessor and/or zombie games with a bit of RPG thrown in the mix this is for you, don't expect to be gunning everything though because this is melee heavy (who doesn't like exploding brains anyway)Good gaming and good night"
,Recommended,239140,14190738,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Frog,Manboob zombie nipples - 10/10
,Not Recommended,239140,28699015,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Opalslug,"For the most part i enjoyed this game, the free roaming, the giant groups of zomies in random alleys, ect. The ONE THING that i think lets this game down is its difficulty. Sure the first mission at night is scary (which made the mission very fun and challenging) but a few missions later the challenge is almost non existant. Taking on 6 of the night time special zombies (cant remember there name) at once was no challenge.Not even a quater-way through the story and night time was easy as s**t! If the difficulty at night was ramped up 10 fold this game would be amazing.btw- I was playing on normal difficulty the first time and then restarted half-way through on a higher difficulty. Made little difference to me :/"
76561198085818715,Recommended,239140,14190474,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Noctis Lucis Caelum,"Dying Light, breathes life back into Zombies. Maybe. From the get go I personally ran into frame rate issues and huge lag spikes. But, whether or not that's just ol' bossy needing an upgrade or the actual game time will tell. The first thing I did was turn motion blur off; no one needs it, and no one wants it. The story, at the outset, is believable; starting off with a run in with bandits- because of course there are bandits- and then meeting the good survivors.The combat is visceral and strongly reminds me of Condemned. Messy, brutal combat is made only better by having a strategic element. One of this games boasts, the free running mechanic, runs like Mirror's Edge, except less nausea inducing. I rolled my eyes when the game brought in weapon degradation but was drawn back in when the game told me that you can't just constantly repair your broken weapons, instead you have to have certain parts to repair certain weapons and certain weapons can only be repaired a certain amount of times. One of the notable bits are the 'special preorder exclusive' buildable weapons. But they don't appear to be game breaking, just an extra option you get for preordering the game.Pros and cons taken in, Dying Light reminds of what Dead Island was going to be before it became Dead Island. The game has it's bugs, various zombies becoming one with cars and in a two hour game time I feel through the world map once. But this is forgivable, given how much fun and generally interesting the game and story are shaping up to be. For some reason, despite all sense of good sense the jump button on the controller is mapped to the right button instead of A, like in most other controller supportive video games. And it doesn't appear that you can change the lay out, so, that's something that might need reviewing. All in all, I'd recommend Dying Light to anyone who likes zombies, free running around an open city, and brutal Condemned-esc combat."
76561197999904169,Recommended,239140,21048396,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Atum Hadu,"Dying Light is a worthy entry in the open-world zombie genre, and it does a great job with immersion, making you feel like you're really in the game's run-down Middle Eastern city, among the last handfuls of survivors clawing out an existence in a city that belongs to the dead.You know that feeling you get from watching a great zombie or post-apocalyptic movie?  Dying Light manages to replicate that on an interactive level, something every zombie game strives for, but so few actually achieve.If you're reading this and wondering what kind of play experience you'll get, the answer is that it's difficult, especially in the early hours. You're not an omnipotent superhero with bottomless reserves of stamina -- you're a regular man who gets winded and bleed just like everyone else. You're a survivor, but zombies can still sneak up on you. You've got incredible potential when it comes to agility and traversing the city by rooftops and ledges, but it's up to you to develop those skills and master things like timing and balance.That's also what makes the game terrifying. Zombies are a real threat to you. Just like the best zombie franchises, a single biter may not be much trouble, but things can quickly get out of hand the more there are.Likewise, the daylight hours are manageable if you keep your wits about you, but night is a whole different ballgame. The game does a great job of ratcheting up the tension by preceding each sundown with a series of radio calls from your fellow survivors, counting down the minutes and advising anyone out in the city to get to a safe house before sunset. You'll realize it's an entirely different ballgame when you start to hear the shrieks of entirely new types of baddies you haven't encountered yet, freshly-turned zombies that will try to run you down and can follow you over walls and onto rooftops.On the downside, the quest system isn't exactly novel, and there are too many ""Go here, fetch this, bring it back"" type of quests. Navigating some areas can be extremely frustrating, especially when the game forces you to jump and land on tiny platforms, or try a running jump 30 times before you get the timing exactly right to reach a particular rooftop. There's also never permanence to anything -- every weapon in the game will break eventually, so there's not much incentive to save up for awesome weapons and upgrades because they won't last. (I realize this is intentional, but I'm not sure I like how it was implemented.) And lastly, sometimes the game isn't clear about where you need to go, or what you need to do for a mission -- there a difference between genuine difficulty, and making things a pain for the sake of it.Overall, I recommend Dying Light at the Steam sale price of $20, or lower in the future."
,Not Recommended,239140,15966902,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Quetz,"Hit and miss if it runs on your system. Have sent all relevant logs, dxdiags etc directly to the developers and after 3 months I have yet to see the main menu. This is the one steam purchase where I genuinely feel like I have been ripped off."
,Recommended,239140,14410347,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"It's ok. Great gameplay, bad story. The DLC is amazing (imo better than the original game) but it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story too. The company is trash, and they have been pulling shady moves recently, such as causing the use of mods to result in a vac ban, even in singleplayer, and other shady♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get this game + the DLC if you want a fun zombie sandbox to last you a while (+ more with friends). Don't get this if you want to mod (atm, they may fix this in the future) or want an amazing story."
,Not Recommended,239140,33004638,Posted: 29 June,all,OfficialRainman,"I have to say I like the zombie killing and has an ok story that adds up (I've played this on console till the end) but it gets repeptitive and boring, after 15 minutes of the actual game I got bored, really the only thing cool is that you can knock over and kill zombies, which in a zombie game is different from this one.Pros:* Nice setup of the buildings and the parkour is good.* The story adds up.* It has a good looting system.Cons:* Repetitive.* Boring story line.* It is laggy or the movement looks weird, (I can run all games, just this one had lag spikes and a delay at moving, or maybe just the way the game is built.)Overall I don't recommend this game for these cons, the pros aren't even that good, I'd rate this game a 5.9/10"
76561198141590100,Not Recommended,239140,33299428,Posted: 5 July,all,Uncle Joe,"Ehh, this is going to be an odd review -Yes, I have played this game. I am aware of this game. Blah blah blah. *It is a good game, yes.*ONLY BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE A GOOD PC WITH GOOD GRAPHICS CARD!Do not buy this if you are running on the minimum specs of the graphics, this game cannot handle it. Period. It will look like total♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the game is essentially unplayable running at about 15fps, with clipping whenever you move your mouse."
,Recommended,239140,15314762,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ThePandaGamer,"This is my favorite zombie game out there! And its my favorite game to! If you like zombie games you will love this game! It has GREAT graphics, TONS of gore, zombies, campaign, open world, and a bunch of other things! It is worth the money. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,239140,19415312,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SpittFiRe,Techland you messed up big time you broke the game its just no its just broken you nerfed the survivors so bad and made the hunter so good that its one sided again and legit the crashes that happen with this game in the following and you being too lazy to remove some graphical options that are unneeded like the goddamn chromatic abreattion or however its spelled you broke the game and the fps is just terrible on medium end systems and the matchmaking system is pure crap please fix your game then release next time ok? [EDIT] I think the game is dead? last update we recieved was a couple of months ago and thats it gg everyone wasted their monies rip
76561198040330163,Not Recommended,239140,14209591,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,BumReaper,"I love this game but i completed the story in less than 15 hours and now im out of content and bored of it.Good game, just needs more."
,Not Recommended,239140,32030289,Posted: 28 May,all,Lraushtsen,"Pros:- Parkour mechanics are fantastic- Unlocking higher level skills makes you feel as though your progressing and developing as a character.- The story is pretty good, but nothing to phone home about.Cons:- If you die you will be punished, and you will die a lot.  Specifically you will lose experience for a particular skill tree, the items you used will not be replenished when you load up again, and the durability of your weapons will remain unchanged at the moment of death.  Because of this, you'll find that you need to abandon a mission to repair gear and replenish items.  This will involve a lot of tedious looting in your environment.- Human NPCs are made of steel and do a lot of damage.  They will use mechanics not available to players to mitigate damage (like blocking all the time).  It is best you have a guns or explosives when dealing with them if possible.- Many missions are unfair in their design and are stressful to play through.- Zombies that explode and instantly kill you. (It's cheap... stop putting this garbage in games.)I'm not saying pass this game over, but this is certainly not a $60 game.  Paying more than $30 is likely to result in buyer's remorse.EDIT:When I reference Artificial Difficulty, I'm referring to level specifically designed to kill you as quickly as possible.  Not to be difficult, challenging, or engaging.  If you're going to tell me you've never had an issue in the past where this game didn't ♥♥♥♥ you over, we all know you lying.When I say this game punishes you for dying, I mean exactly what I said in the review.  You lose all the resource you've used or spent and some experience you've gained prior to your death.  When you reload, you don't get those back.  This seems to be unique to this game.  I suspect other game development team think the idea of this is rubbish.  If I died in the game and a new instances of the world is loaded, you can reload my save state.  I shouldn't just respawn at the nearest ""bonfire"" so I can leave and throw myself into danger again.  That's dumb.  Protaganist died, just reload the instance AND the save state (if in Offline mode).If you're honestly going to tell anyone (or imply) that you genuinly enjoy wasting your time gathering resources to complete a mission because you rounded a corner into an exploding zombie that instantly killed you, and you're now being punished for that, you're an idiot.  You don't brush that off as being ""part of the experience"" and tell people to adapt.You CAN write a review and tell people they shouldn't pay more than $30 for this game and hope the developers read the negative reviews so they can improve a potential sequal instead of crapping out prettier assets into a mediocre formula."
,Not Recommended,239140,32231797,Posted: 6 June,all,Djenny,"I bought this game since I had many friends who told me about it.Sorry, but I do not recommend this game. I felt like I was playing a game that was trying to combine things that simply did not seem to go together very well. There were good things, but there were bad things, too.Combine elements from Mirror's Edge and Dead Island as well as a story that could have been in Far Cry, and you get this game. That might sound pretty good and all, but I felt like the game felt dragged on the more I played it. It seemed to me like most of the things that are supposed to make this game unique felt rather incomplete.I felt like most weapons seemed underpowered besides guns, which you don't get until you are at least halfway through the game. I sometimes find myself hitting a zombie 5+ times with a cleaver on the easiest difficulty, and it still happens to be alive. A normal zombie should definitely be dead after 2 or 3 attacks in my opinion. Another problem was the durability of weapons. It felt like after ~10 attacks with one weapon that it would need to be repaired. I found myself always needing more repair tools. At least headshots with guns are an instant kill, even though it attracts virals.The parkour is basically like Mirror's Edge. Good, but I was looking for more flashy stuff such as wall running.I thought the RPG elements were very lacking. I did not find the skill trees to be very interesting but rather linear. The loot also was not very exciting. You will usually find crafting components, things you will sell for money, or green/blue rarity weapons. I don't remember myself finding many purple rarity weapons let alone orange for that matter. That made loot very underwhelming for me.The graphics are above par. Expect a lot of gore (obviously). They aren't glitchy, and I'm at least grateful for that.Most of the sidequests felt too generic and pretty repetitive. Many of them usually leave you with similar objectives each time. Most of the arena or parkour challenges in particular are the ones that are especially bland unless you are competing with friends. I found myself skipping many sidequests for the sake of playing through the story.The story was good, but not ""The Witcher"" good. The story was lengthy, but felt dragged in some areas. Most characters had unique behavior, but I felt like some twists in the story were too underwhelming or predictable. I won't say too much about the story since I wanna hide spoilers.In the end, I felt like the game was less about the zombies and more about taking out a terrorist group and their leader. I cannot recommend this game for $60. If you have played Dead Island, Mirror's Edge, Far Cry, or a combination of both, then you will probably find some enjoyment, especially if you are playing with friends and it's on sale. However, if you are looking for a zombie survival game with deep RPG elements, then I would save your money and buy Dead Island or maybe try DayZ.6/10 Overall. Not bad, but pretty overhyped. Definitely not what I was expecting."
,Recommended,239140,30421078,Posted: 9 March,all,Krackenoop,THE ♥♥♥♥IN BEST GAME EVER IF YU DUNT LUKE IT GO DIIIIIEEEE
,Recommended,239140,30894803,Posted: 2 April,all,DarkEvil,Why theres no sound in this game ?
76561197978838472,Not Recommended,239140,23831391,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ravo,The game crashes to desktop every 10 to 15 minutes using Linux.The game bugs list in Steam Discussions is still a mile long after more than a year since the game's release.I can't play the game because I can't get from one checkpoint to the next before the game crashes.I should have seen this coming from Dead Island by the same devs which I couldn't play at all.I won't be buying games made by techland anymore.
,Recommended,239140,15958021,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,KillerM,"Played for 10 hours straight, now Steam is only recommending zombie games.There are so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombie games...This is not one of them"
,Not Recommended,239140,24119630,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Finch,Complete garbage.Terrible crafting system.Abysmal freerunning.Abhorrent combat.Nothing positive.
,Recommended,239140,21393799,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MaX,I'll do the pros and consProsSpooky scary skelingtonsCool cars it's like hit wheelsTop kekEz to get guns for them 360 noscopesConsCan't blazeNot enough memesTo little banter
,Not Recommended,239140,22892156,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Roads Watson,"This game... oh this game. There is an early mission, you're taking down a supplier of counterfiet drugs (Antizin) the guy has a few henchman. Just killing one of them is difficult even on the easiest difficulty. Human enemies are unrealistically over powered and just do not go down no matter how hard you hit them. Just one of them will kill you. And if you load from a save it spawns you directly across the roof top from them where you will immediately lose 30 of your 100 health from having a knife thrwon at you before you can even more. Stupid game."
,Not Recommended,239140,27984437,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JDPoZ,"Not as good as I would have liked. The open environment and controls are fine, but I don't like how incredibly unplayably dangerous the game is at night. It doesn't make me want to play to get more powerful... It makes me want to not play it when I am forced to do night missions.Stopped after a relatively short while because of that specifically. Ran out of day missions, and didn't want to do the only remaining ones because they were all night missions."
,Not Recommended,239140,21418803,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,red,was having a great time until my save disappeared....rip 17 hours of my life...
,Recommended,239140,32465711,Posted: 15 June,all,Wesker Star,"It's like huniepop , but with parkcore."
76561197974101197,Recommended,239140,14195680,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,5imulated5teve,http://youtu.be/zOs9sZz9tps
76561198057826708,Recommended,239140,14198226,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ChaoX,"Will try to make this small and fast.60 fps even thought i got a high end system with a card that actually has 8 VRAM in it. But still some people are having problems at the moment with AMD so just wait for the patch or download it and try to stand the lag until its fixed. The story is good and to my surprize not funny or sarcastic at all, the gameplay is amazing allowing you to climb and go anywhere you want. And night...Oh boy night is absolute hell. Like the zombies arent tought enought during daytime and you can barelly handle 3 of them at once. They all freaking climb at night and not only that they run like formula 1 cars. Seriously tho its amazing you guys should buy it now or just wait for a sale or something. Cant say too much about it tho since i have only played a few missions and sidequests but yeah. Still enjoying it. Will be playing this game for some time now"
76561197981019230,Not Recommended,239140,23851344,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Incubo,"!WARNING!Do not purchase ""The Following"" Dlc if you are looking for some good content. Save your ""good"" ending for the base game. That was hands down the worst possible way to end this game.If you want to have some laughs with a friend while it is on sale...go for it. Otherwise I would steer clear."
,Recommended,239140,22291183,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,⍌ Ryu ⍌,"Dying Light, It was a great game (even though I barely could run it xD) still with the vast expansive world you can explore, with or without friends, it definetly deserves the very positive reviews.Story: The game revolves around an undercover agent named Kyle Crane who is sent to infiltrate a quarantine zone in a city called Harran. It features an enemy-infested, open-world city with a dynamic day and night cycle. The day-night cycle changes the game drastically, as enemies become more aggressive and more difficult to deal with during night time. The gameplay is focused on weapons-based combat and parkour. The game also features an asymmetrical multiplayer mode (originally set to be a pre-order bonus); and a four-player, co-operative multiplayer mode.Pros: EVERYTHING!!!Cons: NOTHING!!!BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME NOW!!!!!! TAKE MY MONEY DEVELOPERS!!!!!!!"
76561198027510609,Not Recommended,239140,26498597,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,adirondaxrex,"I would really love to play this game, but the control schemes are abhorrent if you're playing with an Xbox 360 controller.  Why do the devs feel the need to tell us how we should control the game?  I want to assign the buttons where they're most logical to me.  This is a design flaw in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,239140,33192568,Posted: 3 July,all,Scarecrow <-New,"I've been excited to play this for over a year. Finally bought it, downloaded, installed, and there's giant neon green text over 1/4 of the screen advertising DLC during ALL GAMEPLAY. Unbelievable!I've checked around and the only way to get rid of it is to disable the HUD entirely. I've requested a refund, and I wouldn't recommend anyone buy this game."
,Not Recommended,239140,32753840,Posted: 24 June,all,BadNetCode,"I have attempted to refund this game after only the first 30 minutes becasue of technical issues.There was severe input lag, both in-game and in menus, despite running the game above 60fps.I found that I could fix this in Nvidia Control Panel by forcing Vsync to Off and Max Pre-rendered Frames to 1.Playing without Vsync is unfortunately not an option for me because of motion sickness.I would not be leaving a negative review except for the fact that this game has been out for two years already without a patch to what is clearly a very widespread issue with this port."
,Not Recommended,239140,20972238,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fagortallos,balls
76561198153828157,Recommended,239140,22871167,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Elite Killer,lol
,Not Recommended,239140,34707518,Posted: 3 September,all,Autistic Goalkeeper,Not enough content for its price
76561198154846179,Not Recommended,239140,21350320,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[HND] SoupySafari,gay
,Not Recommended,239140,14332078,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Meat Vegetable,Gameplay 5/5Graphics 4/5 optomization could be betterstoryline 0/5 Whoever wrote the story should be shot for incompetence
76561198058747849,Not Recommended,239140,14372440,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RJS,not optimized for pc at all lol
,Not Recommended,239140,14332704,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,vanishing trooper,"i'm conflictedon the one hand, free-running is dope and most of the melee weapons are pretty cool even if there's only superficial differenceson the other hand, the guns are pretty dang bad to shoot and most of the enemies are more annoying than fun to fight (spitting zombies, explodey zombies, and human bad guys come to mind)the story is bbbbbbad but the grafiix look niceits not worth $60 but if you catch it on sale or something for <30 bucks its worth picking upmaybe the co-op will improve the experience? ha ha im so alone"
76561198041587798,Not Recommended,239140,14352031,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,haggis93,Far too short and overall disappointing theres 6 guns all the mods are the same serious frame rate issues when grappled or spat at or posined however if you got someone to play this with its not half bad doing night missions are hilarious
,Not Recommended,239140,14371745,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PL4GUEW4LKER,moo
76561198000062853,Not Recommended,239140,24893930,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,badgamer54,"I did not like the parkour, or jumping!   I like Dead Island better!  Did not even finish this game it was too dark for me and too much damn jumping!"
,Not Recommended,239140,24474481,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Skippy,"playing as a zombie in pvp 2v1, down to 2 nests and 1 more human life. horde spit and UV spit on a guy on a light pole under a flare. jump up to the pole and ground pound him off the light and destroy the flare, effectively securing my win. bam, dyinglight.exe has stopped working. first crash and it couldnt have been at a more convenient time. damn ridiculous, pvp is near garbage."
76561198084049504,Recommended,239140,14191395,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Stiks,ребята не могу передвигаться что делать?
76561198032423645,Recommended,239140,14191486,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dam^7on ^4Salva^1tore,Very very very cool game
76561197966507916,Not Recommended,239140,26410288,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Cannon Fodder,"Do you enjoy running? Then this game is for you!Wait, you're out of stamina.How about combat then?Oops, your weapon broke and you're out of stamina again.I didn't realize this game is survival horror. If I wanted a game from that genre I would have purchased Outlast instead. This one is garbage. And if you think that this just adds ""realism"" to the game, then perhaps you could explain how a steel wrench would break in 6 hits against soft flesh in ""real life"".  Also, you can get punched and bitten through chain link fences. There is no manual save feature either, so if you fall to your death doing parkour (which for me is often) then you have to go back and do the last 10 minutes all over again.3/10, mostly because of the graphics. Otherwise 1/10. Incredibly disappointed."
76561197991005106,Not Recommended,239140,22818664,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,sotodeny,You have to flow with the game if you don't you can't go further in the game. Detective space therefore to me this game is not good
76561198031713702,Not Recommended,239140,16410546,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Oedipus's Stepdad,0/10 would never climb hills again
76561198117958331,Recommended,239140,14201246,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SourPatch,"There's quite a lot of bald, Turkish people.Sometimes you hit them with pipes. Other times you decide to just climb onto a roof instead."
,Not Recommended,239140,14563496,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Rafiki,"It's pretty much dead island with parkour and a more limited supply of creative weapons. The game's not all bad, but it's not really fun unless you're playing it with a friend so I wouldn't reccomend buying it if you don't like playing cooperativelyPros:+Zombie AI is actually decent+Dynamic day night cycle with difference in gameplay at night+You can only fix your weapons a limited amount of times before having to scavenge for a new one+Fantastic Coop for you and your mates+Parkour is slightly okay+Lot's of places to explore in the worldCons:-Story is♥♥♥♥♥♥-it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you turn down/ turn off a lot of the graphics optiond and make the game look like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Combat can be really boring-It's essentially dead island there isn't much that sets it apart from that-Playing single player brings no enjoyment-The skill tree IMO is kind of bland there are some skills that are quite useful and others that are cool (dropkick), but then there are a ton of others that have been used and done in other and better games-Soundtrack can get quite annoying-Game tries to take itself far too seriously and it really shatters immersion when you notice it-QTE, The stupid quick time events in this game are everywhere and it's annoying and infuriating-All the characters including yours are bland uninteresting and just♥♥♥♥♥♥for brains stupidThose are really all of the pros and cons worth mentioning, as of now this game isn't worth 60 dollars don't buy it. Unless your okay with a game that is poorly optimized, lacks any and all story, has terrible writing, and treats you like a four year old that doesn't know how to put his pants on correctly. I'd wait for the price to drop to at least 29.99 and the devs to fix their game with all of it's performance issues before actually considering buying this game."
76561198079083426,Not Recommended,239140,20016377,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DocHoliday,"So far very disapointed. The game features combat that is very very limited and all on timers. The game also is a knockdown version of parkours - that are getting very old and almost cliche in video games now. Not sure what this game features that is unique, original or entertaining yet. Really let down with all things related to the fighting in this game"
,Not Recommended,239140,33376762,Posted: 8 July,all,Smitty,"Great story, love the characters.  Makes me really want to help NPCs in the game.Having to run ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere, all the time, the entire game?  Nope.The missions are fun and challenging, the traveling by foot from mission to mission sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥If I wanted to run, I'd get some running shoes and run myself.  I want to play video games for fun.Add a fast travel feature, and I'll say thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,239140,31162426,Posted: 15 April,all,Erok Shakur,"Honestly this game was so fun, but the last mission of The Following DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much that it made me not even want to play it anymore. The fact that there are NO check points and you get 2 shotted by Rais bandits and have to drive 5 mins agian is very poor design. Techland ruined my experience with this game just like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ desert would ruin your enperience at a nice meal."
,Not Recommended,239140,20886718,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,burnincheez,"Too many things bog down the co-op experience, like having to wait for all players to be present just to talk to an NPC with a pointless one-liner. The ending sequence forces you to play single player, so have fun going through this whole game with some friends just to be yanked away from them at the climax (which is a frustrating mess in and of itself).This should be a great co-op game, but our experience was mostly frustration with a few cool impromptu moments."
76561198063005164,Not Recommended,239140,28168335,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Arkaos,"Worst targeting system ever.  I swing my melee weapons aiming for the legs and all of a sudden it levels my swing to the torso or the head when the zombie gets too close.  Makes combat very clunky: you intend to do X and the game tells you ""No, you MEANT to do Y.""Me: I want to swing my weapon low.Techland Dev: No, you were swinging for the head.Me: No, really, I want to swing low.Techland Dev: Nah, actually you wanted to do a body shot with your bat.Me: **** I'm trying to attack the legs!Techland Dev: Actually, you really wanted to do an overhead swing straight to the zombie on the ground.Gives you no control in combat as a result and combat becomes an LMB spam."
,Not Recommended,239140,25978471,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BlueGoliath,"[Linux Review]Performance is just awful. Even after changing everything down to low(INCLUDING DISTANCE) I still can't get 60FPS(hovers around 50-60FPS). By comparison, I can get 60FPS on medium(ish) settings in Windows 10 at 1080P.The game has two annoying technical glitches as well: the screen flashes green during the intro screens and changing the resolution of the game also changes the resolution of the OS(WTF?).If your a linux user who doesn't have an extreme gaming PC, avoid this game at all costs. I'd personally refund the damn thing if I wasn't over the 2 hours.My PC:OS: Ubuntu Gnome 16.04 64-bitDrivers: Nvidia 370CPU i5-2320RAM: 8GBGPU: EVGA GTX 960 FTW+ 4GBStorage: 1TB 7200 RPM HDD"
76561198032211726,Not Recommended,239140,20321484,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Appleseed FIN,frustrating and stubid game. Marvelous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥if you ask me.
,Not Recommended,239140,20356404,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RuthlessOperator,"Take that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game Dead Island and throw in a parkour system that only works when it feels like it and you get Dying light. Be careful because your forgettable character might get tired and have to slow down to recover his stamina from running away from 'viral' (fast) zombies that dodge your every attack. Zombies can charge/hit you while you are bashing their face in with a rock hammer. Spend your money on mountain dew and doritoz, you'll be more satisfied when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits."
76561198144648965,Not Recommended,239140,19390308,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Marrow,meh..   Had some fun for a week or so with this game.  The lack of mulitplayer online experience killed it for me.  I would compare it to FarCry in terms of gameplay and replayability.   I beat it and deleted it from steam to make room for other games.  lol.
,Not Recommended,239140,19213751,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Lama,"ИГРА♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, У МЕНЯ НЕ ТЯНЕТ!"
,Not Recommended,239140,28777918,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DrDino's Fat Cock,"I liked it for the first 2-3 hours, then the flaws of the game showed (Im not counting the god awful characters and story, those can go into the trash) The games feels like it was based around the one concept, the free-running. Feels like the same guys who made dead island, oh wait, they did. Weapons break after 20 hits, traps kinda seem useless and the side quests dont add anything to the world, they're there to just give the PC money and new weapons."
,Recommended,239140,25850572,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Slinsky,It's a good vidya gayme
,Not Recommended,239140,19405693,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,I've never wanted to quit a game during a tutorial more in my life.
,Not Recommended,239140,20034227,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LordNoisy,One of the most generic boring sh@@y games I have played. Holds your hand and has a massive tutorial which is completely unneaded and restrictive. Playing with Steam refund was fun though.
76561198080567560,Not Recommended,239140,21386378,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SNAKE,WAS AS GOOD AS FALOUT 4 AND MGS 5 GARBAGE FOR KIDDIES
,Recommended,239140,21131887,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Chungus,gr8 gameplaystory isnt that great8/10
,Recommended,239140,15142959,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,NasiPuti,"It's pricey and the content lacks longevity but for the time that it does last its an absolute blast. As the saying goes: ""Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened""."
76561198100740418,Not Recommended,239140,17326646,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,JacobusNegromante,"This game does not work. Simple as that. Do not buy this game. No matter what computer you have, no matter how much time and effort you put into trying to get it to work, there will always be a completely gamebreaking problem to face, from simple input lag to the charecters in the game being straight up invisible (including the zombies.)"
76561198171992397,Recommended,239140,25495463,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,✪ Voidyy,best game in the world because is the best okayyy thanks gabe for recommend this game for me pls make half life 3
76561198058557228,Not Recommended,239140,33302744,Posted: 5 July,all,berekhat,"A number of horrifying gameplay choices really spoil any immersion you might be hoping for in a game.Chief among this is the HUD, which has 2 settings. Off completely, which means you have no idea where you are or what is happening to your health, stamina, missions or weapon. Or ON completely, which will display community event mesages from Steam community across the FULL top left quarter of your screen. You literally can't play the game without looking boggle eyed at some message about a Buggy weapons challenge event that you are not participating in.Secondly, you will be captured a fair few times by rampaging cut scenes, including, or so I'm told as I couldn't bring myself to complete the game, the final Boss fight.A real shame, as some of the most heart pounding moments I've ever had in a game were running across rooftops chased by zombies in this game."
76561198127195832,Not Recommended,239140,23643177,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dr. Valentin Narcisse,Story and dialouge is mediocre. Absolute garbage.
76561197970323468,Recommended,239140,16522727,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ticktock1231,In a time where everything hast ot be crafted this game does it very well.  The thing I don't like about it much is that you spend so much time to make the new weapons and they break pretty fast.
,Recommended,239140,19227458,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,LVL 99 Slime,This game is truly ok. its not great wonderful and immersive it is just a generally generic shooter that actually runs well and has decent but not wonderfully great gameplay. i would recomend simply skipping any and all cutscenes for your enjoyment. story is as bland and generic as they come. i litterally played for 2 hours and knew what was going to happen.
,Not Recommended,239140,19451399,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,J4XI,"Hoooooooo my god. So here's my one problem with the game. I think it would be better if they took the guns out of the game entirely. The AI basically wall hacks and has imaculate aim for a bunch of savages. I don't think these problems will ever get fixed but I certainly hope it gets some attention. Otherwise top notch game here, everything else is gorgeous and I can't be too mad because I sniped it for 20 bucks on sale."
,Not Recommended,239140,19442698,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sharp,Dead Island 4
76561197961101896,Not Recommended,239140,20742294,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Miguel&Lance,"Pros :(+)Open World(+)Average crafting system(+)Great graphic(+)Very awesome story(+)Great parkour system(+)Many variety zombies(+)Gore(+)Co op(+)Multiplayer(+)Many secret location(+)Many ways to kill zombies(+)Custom game modeCons:(-)you can finish the story within 2 days without rushing(Normal or Hard mode)(-)Borzak Horde DLC have to purchase to unlock the bow and 5 achievements at $12.50 is far too expensive(-)Weapon system concept for Weapons wasn't realistic(-)Melee Damage is higher than Guns Damage(-)Zombie concept like Spitter, Boomer, Demolisher was like Left 4 Dead(-)No longer challenging on night when your OP Melee Damage can 1-2hit kill Volatile(-)Crate bugsWill recommend buying this game but not the DLC, as my personal experiences on gaming $70buck game the DLC should be ready and not sold seperately. This is ruining someone gaming experiences and also your title won't go for a long run."
,Not Recommended,239140,26345098,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Daddy,"Installed with no issue, played it fro three hours, got on the next day game crashes instantly. Unistalled and reinstalled, repaired files, nothing works."
76561198095465488,Not Recommended,239140,25460598,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Crab People,the game is good but what a moron maked these missions!
,Recommended,239140,17200410,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"Vinny ""The Savage"" Ocean",sick♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198072017110,Recommended,239140,31186076,Posted: 16 April,all,Ssenkrad_II,"A game that does well because there isn't anything like it on the market, not because it is a great game...What is Dying Light? If Assassin's Creed and Dead Island had a baby that hadn't fully developed- they'd call that baby Dying Light...Take the ""open world"" of Assassins Creed where you go to a ""view point"" and then complete all the side missions in that area, rinse and repeat with a solid overall arc storyline, lore, and parkour and shoot that with your ""dum dum zombie gun""   and you have Dying Light's ""world"". Go around to every ""safe house"", make it safe, and then complete a handful of ""fetch quests"" (that have zero purpose or impact on the game or world) surrouding that safe house while following a painfully bad written story (plot hole after major plot hole and + ""it's a trap!... it's... ANOTHER TRAP!... ANOTHER TRAP!"") and to top that off a half implemented parkour system (can only climb up, can't even climb down).Take the combat, loot, and coop from Dead Island where you have a complex system of ""force"" (breaks bones) vs ""cut"" (severes limbs) with a multitude of fun ways to kill zombies, a bunch of unique zombies with their own strengths and weaknesses, massive loot grind on par with Borderlands/Diablo, and four player solid coop and shoot that with you ""dum dum zombie gun"" and you have Dying Light. No more ""force vs cut"" with a slew of different ways to kill enemies you are left using only a couple items (crossbow/bow, sword [or same class] and flares) as everything else is too weak or draws too much attention (noise makes ""infected"" spawn endlessly now... no seriously, ENDLESSLY- even in fields) so they NEVER get used. Unique zombies now ""do it all"", yes they climb, charge, spit/throw, ect! No more Left 4 Dead, Dead Island ect where you have unique zombies where if you know their weakness you can exploit that weakness (like dodging and slicing the ""Ram"" in the back for example) and have fun doing it- nope, just pull out your crossbow and shot them in the head before they insta kill you. Unique loot grind killing bosses or groups of enemies for drops? Nope! Get your DLC and insta get the best gear in the game and never change load out AGAIN! Fluid coop? NOPE! Every, single, cutscene forces players into a single area before you can continue with ANY quest (even those pointless fill in the blank side quests) and forcing them to watch painfully long cutscenes in which there is only a ""main character"" (no unique four players).BOTTOM LINE TLCRIs Dying Light a bad game? Hell no... Does it deserve a 90%+? OMG no... If you want a coop loot grind with zombies (Borderlands with zombies) you should pick up Dead Island and Dead Island Riptide as they are hands down, without a doubt better games... You want a parkour open world rich storyline and lore experience? Pick up the Assassin Creeds as they are without a doubt, hands down better games... You have already played Dead Island and Assassins Creed and hate them both? Run away from this game screaming... You love both Assassins Creed and Dead Island? You'll enjoy this game and find it worthwhile but in the end end up wishing that it could have done one thing great vs a lot of things mediocre."
76561198033720036,Recommended,239140,14288743,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jason,Maybe the best zombie game ever made. Buy this one!
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,239140,14277092,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gabriot,"Why do I always get suckered into buying medicore unoriginal overhyped overpriced games like this?  How can this even be marketed as open world at all?If you like uninspired predictable dialogue from a first person perspective with no real dialogue choices of your own, moving through linear level design that you've seen hundreds of times before in countless FPS games, followed by boring done before parkour elements, followed by uninspired crafting that every game has to throw in half arsed, followed by boring point and click zero strategy needed combat, which is sparse in between the non-interactive first person cutscenes that make up about 90% of the game, then hey Dying Light is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,239140,18959743,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nuln Oil,"WARNING SOME MINOR SPOILERS (nothing too bad)I Worked through the entire game with someone very close to me, it was ok. this game however has some glaring issues,1.The Enemy Humans.This game. probably because of some poor writing, features a very weak antagonist 'force'. Forgive me if I'm wrong but in a zombie survival game you expect to be fighting against zombies. Instead you are fighting mostly against a hostile gang of human thugs. All of which die in one headshot from any gun and have some of the most brainded (hue) FPS AI I have ever laid eyes on.Fighting these enemies in melee is at first exciting. As unlike zombies they actually block and dodge attacks. however after figuring out a simple early game combo. (which you can do without even using a weapon) they also die in one hit.2.The Grappling Hook. This is an optional upgrade which may as well be renamed to noclip gun. This thing makes the whole free running part of This game kinda pointless. it has about a 5 second cooldown and makes you zip around the map like Rico Rodriguez of Just Cause fame. it's fun for about 5 mins. Then you realise you are an overpowered genie and there's no challenge anymore. you could throw it away... but the fact is it speeds the game up makes it a bit foolish not to take..3. Night Time. Day Time.The fact you are never more than 300 meters from a safe zone. which lets you change the time of day at will. means you never have to go outside at night. Which is apparently dangerous. Personally I wouldn't know. seeing as I can force it to be day whenever I want. which seems a bit stupid4.Craftable Weapons.You can make your own throwing weapons, bombs, and even a shield. all of these things cost experience levels and SUCK. they don't scale with level at all. they do no damage.5. The Ending.I'll try my best not to spoil. But here's the thing. You have to do the end of the game in single player. which was kind of final nail in the coffin for me.It's forced. Because the boss battle consists of QTEs. which is lazy really considering there are some true boss batles with HP bars and everything in the rest of the game...All in all it's not a bad game. it's just not really worth your time. you could play it in co op and spice the experience up a bit. but that ending will leave a bitter taste in your mouth. as you and your buddy/partner/etc. are forced to play it alone."
76561198047799442,Not Recommended,239140,14208942,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Phetaduck,"I usually don't write reviews. No matter if game is good or bad I just don't have the energy to do so. But this game frustrated me SO much that I just HAD to let it out.Pros:Pretty graphix, combat, parkour, yadayadayadaCons:The further you into the main story the worse game becomes. I mean ride to hell retribution worse. With last mission being first person platformer with instadeath and single checkpoint in the very beginning (It is not a hyperbole). Last boss, you guessed it, is a QTE.Also, I strongly recommend you to skip all the cutscenes in the game, because plot is so astonishingly bad that even for me, person who doesn't care about plot in the games at all, manages to spoil overall impression of the game even further.I cannot recommend it to anyone who plan on sticking with this game more than for a four hours. Maybe, MAYBY at a huge discount during sale."
76561198008896739,Not Recommended,239140,31978364,Posted: 26 May,all,Runis,"So yea, pretty cool game, fun and all.You get the ideea from the other reviews.Why i am not recommending it? Multiplayer, too many cheaters, dupers, almost no VAC games. Also bad matchmaking based on the storyline.I played the game before but i bought it for the multiplayer and that multiplayer sucks. If you are looking for a solo/fun experience and a decent story go for it, if you are planning to play with friends do it aswell, if you are planning to try multiplayer with strangers definitely not."
76561198031559988,Not Recommended,239140,14197183,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dog,"fx 8350, r9 270x, 8gb ddr3 and running around 20 fps rendering at 1600x900 with all settings low or off. give me my money back"
,Not Recommended,239140,18681446,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Corrosion,"This was a fun game but it got boring after doing the same stuff over and over again. Also, the devs decided to release a bunch of BS DLC and never fix some of the bugs. Great game for the first few hours but it got repetitive and boring quickly. The parkour got too repetitive and was too over the top."
76561198110879823,Recommended,239140,14189477,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The-Forsaken,"For pros and cons, skip to end of review!Dying light is definitely a unique game. It takes Mirrors Edge style parkour and mixes it with the good mechanics from Dead Island to make an amazing experience. The environments, enemies and effects all look absolutely fantastic whether you are jumping from roof to roof, staring at the sun setting over the distant landscape or chipping away at a zombies skull using an adjustable wrench, you will always be stunned by how realistic it looks.The game also runs relatively fine with some FPS drops, but disabling the Depth of Field and Motion Blur fixed (I really dont care for those video options anyways) makes for a steady 60 FPS experience. The View Distance also has no real effect on the graphics (at least I did not notice), rather it just cause severe crashed in FPS.The single player campaign, although I have not completed it yet, is quite the experience so far. Sure, some of the lip syncing from the AI and the not so relative replies they give you can be irritating at first, but even though annoying, these little things do not take away from the immersion of the game. I would just prefer they would react to situations a little more efficiently.The ""Be the Zombie Mode"" is fun but could definitely use some adjusting. The UV lights the humans have can affect the zombie from such a great range that it becomes fairly annoying to pounce the enemy because you need a full energy bar. To further build on the annoyances of being the zombie, the human players can continuously mash the ""survivor insinct"" button, which reveals the location of the zombie on the minimap, making it ever so easy to be able to flash him with the ""long range"" UV light preventing him from pouncing. Even if he does try to pounce, you can easily turn around and quickly prevent it because of the ""survival instincts"". The UV flashlight one human is equipped with also has a seemingly infinite charge (recharges quickly, does not drain very fast), imagine when 4 are in a group. Another issue is that the humans spawn faster and right beside the hives they have to destroy, so if they ever kill the zombie, they can practically destroy a hive for free. Don't get me wrong, the mode is still very fun, it just needs some tweaking.There are quite a few weapons in this game, both one-handed and two-handed, which can be modified into deadly zombie killing machines. Theres a variety of bluprints to add electricity or fire or just straight up make the enemy bleed. The best part is, you no longer need to be at a crafting table to mod or repair weapons, it can now be done in the character menu, which is awesome. But there is a drawback to the weapons, they break really easily and can only be repaired a certain amount of times before they become useless. This can be annoying at first, but really just adds to the immersion of the game.Pros:- Excellent Graphics- Realistic gore effects- Damage feels real- Good size map- Spot on Parkour- Fun coop and mulitplayer- Weapon mod varietyCons:- Multiplayer needs tweaking- Some bugs- FPS drops- Weapons break too easilyWould I recommend this game?Yes I would, 9/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,21076544,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rekalty,"VAC enabled game, without listing it as a VAC enabled game. Also, can VAC ban you for using Workshop approved mods, even though you're playing in singleplayer. Devs have gone into hiding, redirecting any questions regarding it to Steam Support. Because we all know how easy is it to get a swift response from them, right?"
,Not Recommended,239140,14194925,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Zato no Ichi,"Initial Review with my GTX 980:- Game refuses to run in fullscreen (alt + enter don't work and changing it in settings does nothing).- No Oculus Rift support (there is a very juddery implementation with old extended mode instead of the new direct to rift mode).In a very recent interview their lead designer said the following:“Everybody at the office was super excited to get it in,” he said of the Oculus Rift. “You know, with this extra level of freedom that we give to players, that was really like a no brainer to try and get Oculus on it. And the first moment we tried it we were like “Oh my god.” Like, you get on top of a building, you jump from it and you can feel it. Really, it’s so amazing, you feel it in your cut. That’s how visceral it gets. So how could we not do it?”I will update this after playing a bit more."
,Not Recommended,239140,33715992,Posted: 22 July,all,Tarne,"THE LAST BOSS IS A ♥♥♥♥ING QUICK TIME EVENT!!!!  Spend a whole game learning how to fight/move, then have all those skils be worth nothing when the time comes.  What the actual ♥♥♥♥?!??"
76561198342038081,Not Recommended,239140,28725250,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Heronythe,"This game is Dead Island but with parkour, although in this game I have found it very hard to kill zombies, I feel like im doing nothing. There are no health bars above the heads of zombies to indicate their health, this makes it hard to know if I should even bother trying to kill a certain zombie with the weapon im currently using. The parkour is fun but at the point I am currently at killing zombies isn't fun and this is very frustrating to me."
,Recommended,239140,14190072,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Maniaqz,Dead Island done right
76561198055699211,Not Recommended,239140,14382955,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,☯ The Purp ☯,"It's a great game and all, super fun with others but I warn you now, this game is being ran by valve servers, I dced from multiplayer and lost 5 hours+ of data(Story mode reset back to Find the Ember when I was at the Musuem part to find jade) Also I lost my levels on Agility/Combat/Survival due to this dc.  If you want fast pace action yes get this game if you dont want your game always getting corrupted after a dc I assure you to avoid this game now."
,Not Recommended,239140,14221628,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kiroi,Симулятор башни и канализации 2015.
76561197968090803,Not Recommended,239140,28734022,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wiseguy Raven,"Remember that game you played as a kid, where you jump from one elevated furniture to another, pretending there is lava underneath you? Well, this game feels like a glorified version of it."
,Not Recommended,239140,32965512,Posted: 28 June,all,Dr.Frostie,"Totally Unplayable on my high end pc specs. (i7 7700k, GTX 1080 Strix), due to launch error. Read the forums for solution, was told to increased voltage to GPU and downclock baseclock and memory. Tried every possible solution, couldnt even get the game to start.How can u release a game this broken. And i am not the only one based on the discussion on the forums.sSad, it looks to be a good game, but its broken so i cannot reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,239140,34606865,Posted: 30 August,all,Eppiox,"This game is a blast, 9/10.  Best zombie parkour game, solid mechanics and feel.It however suffers from possibly the worst, poorly written, and rushed endings for a game I’ve seen for many years.  I would be ashamed to be associated with the writers who took part in it considering how fun the game was, they brought it down.But still.. great game- really good coop and was fun! .. ungh that ending, a 3year old could do better."
,Not Recommended,239140,14195134,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Raven,"IT ♥♥♥♥JING CRASHES, WHY U DO DIS GABEN"
,Not Recommended,239140,14232435,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Void Unknown,People already started cheatingBugged questsGave Rais' pistol away by accident to Dawud and there's pretty much no way to get it back0/10 uninstalled
,Not Recommended,239140,28822037,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,pafeet,♥♥♥♥
76561198210728605,Not Recommended,239140,28997106,Posted: 3 January,all,thewinner,"It won't work on mac, when i open the game, all it gives is a black screen with background sound."
,Not Recommended,239140,29002461,Posted: 4 January,all,TooINTENSE,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't even bother buying this trash. Story is crap, co op is♥♥♥♥♥♥ vs is unbalanced.What a ♥♥♥♥ing disappointment."
,Not Recommended,239140,14196350,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ThisIsMyRealName,"Why lie in the tooltips about the UV flashlight? Even when it is the sole item among equipment, [-] will not equip it, [MMB] will not use it, leaving you defenseless against the Night Hunter. And seeing how people love to invade every 20 seconds, this is a major letdown, leaving you defenseless against the NH's thus unlimited power meter."
,Not Recommended,239140,14201594,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Proxjr,"Ok, I pre-ordered the game very exited about it. I get the game. I start it. The video with the orange people/zombies work perfectly. I get to the main menu. I move my mouse. I wait 2 seconds. Then my mouse moves. I get into the game and it turns into 3 seconds. Please tell me I didn't waste my money on crap. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SUPER COMPUTER"
,Not Recommended,239140,14334260,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Smith Haven Mall,The game is literally running on 10-20 fps. And you honestly can't lower the texture quality below medium. Wtf?
76561198088542828,Not Recommended,239140,14212395,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,The Nova King,Do not buy this game if you have AMD .... read other reviews if you don't believe me. All i can do is pray they come out with a patch.
,Not Recommended,239140,28979904,Posted: 3 January,all,sans is real 2017,"i don't like it, no sir"
,Not Recommended,239140,32713789,Posted: 23 June,all,SodiumHydroxide,"It's trying to do far too many things at once and not succeeding at any of them. It's a freerunning, combat-intensive, open world game all wrapped around a ludicrous plot line that tries way too hard to take itself seriously.Freerunning is fun when it works, but unbelievably annoying when it doesn't. Zombie-based combat CAN be fun, but none of the weapons actually seem to do enough damage to warrant risking engaging in combat; this is upsetting because they came up with some really cool weapons, but I have no desire to use them because it's just easier to run away from the zombies.When you finally are introduced to gun battles, all the enemies seem to think that combat invoves sitting behind cover while I sneak around and headshot every one of them.It's fun for the first few hours (minus the constant deaths from poor combat mechanics or freerunning going wrong), but after that it turns into a Big Dumb Movie with a cardboard cut out villain that throws out clichéd phrases, a ham-fisted story that is shoved down your throat, and no desire to keep playing other than to see how Main Hero kills Bad Guy in an overly stylistic way."
76561197989594474,Not Recommended,239140,28709273,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Carton,"I was dissappointed in this game because it had the potential for a highly immersive single player experience but they ruined it with some completely unnecessary immersion breaking mechanics which seem to exist because the devs are trying to force what should be a single player game into a muliplayer one because mulitplayer is hot right now. If you don't care much about immersion, or if your priorities are the same as the devs, then you can disregard this review. For me, immersion in the single player experience is a big deal.The biggest immersion breaker is that when you die the game does not revert to an earlier checkpoint. Instead it respawns you at some random nearby safe point with the state of the world unchanged, as if you were playing an online multiplayer game. It completely destroys immersion; it's as if your character was actually ressurected. Only slightly less frustrating but still very immersion breaking is the fact that your character has no problem picking a fight with five armed thugs in the middle of thier base as if fighting a one-on-five in a small enclosed space is no big deal. While not as big a deal killer as the ressurection, it still shows that the quest designers don't care about immersion either.Maybe some people don't care about immersion as much as I do, but for me it is a huge part of the appeal. Without immersion there isn't much motivation and the game feels like a generic parkour game with mediocre combat."
,Not Recommended,239140,19214128,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,rogston,"Gets awfully repetitive and boring after prologue which lasts longer than 2h for the steam refund, be aware."
76561198003325449,Not Recommended,239140,28503885,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,StarAurryon #Random,"Run like a crap on my computer i5 4690k, gtx 970 (can barely get 60fps). 100% cpu on core one (You need to overclock to have better performance) It crash every hour with segfault. I'm on latest nvidia 375. Ubuntu 16.10.The gameplay is quite good but devs don't know multithreds."
76561197992885051,Not Recommended,239140,33595925,Posted: 16 July,all,Arthur,"Gameplay is good. Unfortunately, story is absolutely boring. Predicate and annoying, you don't get to use any of your special weapons during the main story. Or the grapple hook. What's the point of having good weapons, if you can't use them when it matters? You get to use them on boring old normal zombies and not the bosses."
,Not Recommended,239140,24346911,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,THENEVER,Bozak
76561198084261863,Not Recommended,239140,23256967,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,BNBartem 冰霜精神,"Smash zombie in a head 20 times to kill him. No, thank you."
,Recommended,239140,29174468,Posted: 10 January,all,:(_DOTA2_PRINCESS_):,Pretty Cool and i already Finish all Story xD
76561197990747056,Not Recommended,239140,32942335,Posted: 28 June,all,Goat Hooker,refunding. got all the requirements for my mac and still it wont even load title screen. disappointed. dont get this if you have a mac
76561197998285816,Not Recommended,239140,22821835,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Orandula,"Trailer lied, choices do not influence game experience liked the trailer promised.For those who are interested, the trailer can be found here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2TSCZqcjR0Behold the blatant lies..."
76561198087733080,Not Recommended,239140,14265164,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sadistic Platypus for Trump,"while the first half of the game is alright, it's the second part that really start to fall apart. as you level up, the zombies still stay the same, which mean that aften a certain level, you will be able to one hit kill nearly everything (even nighttime superzombies), thus making the game completely trival and unplayable.even worse is in the patch 1.2.1, which desables the changing of the game's data files, which means, one can no longer fix key annoyances within the game, including the constant film grain, low fps (which can be fixed by disabling filmgrain) and blurry screen.anyways, there is no way i can recommend this game in it's current state."
76561197977472853,Not Recommended,239140,14199751,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Don Willinger,cant reccomend a game i paid $120 for and have to turn all graphics settings to zero and resolution to 1284x1024 and still can barley run game. my system specs are way more than min requirements... why cant game devs just release a fully working game nowadays FFS.
,Not Recommended,239140,21569190,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dolly Baby,this is the worst game in my library and i have like 100 games
76561198059950989,Not Recommended,239140,32351718,Posted: 11 June,all,Deathdescends,so many cheaters :(
76561198003638534,Not Recommended,239140,33570591,Posted: 15 July,all,SnaKEZiTO,"- Parkour is just ok, not good, just ok. Sometimes you'll simply not grab onto a ledge, for SOME REASON. The grappling hook helps but doesn't save it.- The combat is HORRIBLE. Clunky, unresponsive, slow and hard for the wrong reasons. Sometimes you have almost full health and then a single zombie will hit you and instantly grab you taking all of your health, in less than a second.- Hitting zombies does almost nothing. Until you unlock the abillity to drop kick and stomp their heads (wich is really cool), you better off just not fighting them, like ... at all, cause you'll insta die for some reason.- The weapons break too damn fast for the little damage they do. Sometimes it feels like the entire durability of the weapon is used to kill just one zombie, I know there are tiers to the weapons, but for the beggining and almost half of the game they feel too weak.- Every time you die you lose a lot of the main XP, wich is not that easy to acquire. And you die for the stupidest♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time.- Human enemies have a LOT of health and deal a LOT of damage, unless you have a gun, you're probably going to die ... fast.They had some good ideas for the game, but the execution is reeeeeeally bad. Terrible combat, terrible voice acting, average story so far (i couldn't finish it). I TRIED to like this game, i really did. But it is sooo frustrating, some times i felt like recording some of my deatsh and sending to the developers to ask them, ""Is this supposed to happend this way?"".I could go deeper into the details but i just don't care.I felt like the game was going to get better the stronger and further down the upgrades tree i got, but it didn`t.I do NOT recommend this game.TL;DR""Kinda fun, but extremely frustrating"""
76561198048028185,Not Recommended,239140,33011316,Posted: 29 June,all,N!k3,"Game has good gameplay, story's♥♥♥♥♥♥(bitterswet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) and whoever made timed challenges i hope u burn i hell or get cancer and die fast. Cuz that♥♥♥♥♥♥is imposible to complete you sadistic Techland ♥♥♥♥s."
76561197980885335,Not Recommended,239140,14603912,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Loadie,Very difficult to play.  No weapons and alot of running.  Back to L4D for me.
76561198004608407,Not Recommended,239140,23999433,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TwoStepsFromHell,Hunter zombie is crazily overpowered. I had no issues beating 3 humans the first time I ever played. Survivor mode is dull. Refund.
76561198084056808,Not Recommended,239140,35510378,Posted: 5 October,all,Nightsshadow124,"I would honestly love to play this game but it crashes too much even with minimum graphical requirements (it meets the other requirements as well like memory and stuff). I've turned down the graphics in the settings, tried windowed mode, run as administrator, updated my graphic drivers, tried deleting the video.scr and everything else. I've searched the internet for all the solutions I could but I turned up with nothing. Looks like a great game but major game breaking bugs are in store according to a lot of people on the help forums.In my case the screen kept going black then it would crash and say ""resize buffer failed"". Some of the internet solutions wanted me to ""overclock"" my graphics card (or something like that) but I'm not about to do that.If you couldn't already tell I'm not a big ""tech-person"" so I have no idea what else to do except uninstall it for now.I'm glad I got this on a sale but I'm upset since I can't play it. I tried looking at it in different ways but this still comes off as a waste of money because of this.Big rant aside-I know I said I wouldn't recommend this game but it's mostly for people who don't meet the ""recommended"" system requirements. Maybe my system can't handle it or maybe its just a recent bug the devs need to fix, I really don't know.Over all outlook, the game looks great, game-play wise (( who wouldn't be psyched over a zombie parkour survival?)), but I'd probably only recommend it to people who have kick♥♥♥♥♥computer systems with competent graphics cards."
,Not Recommended,239140,21085905,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,danger zoneneonene,just dont
,Not Recommended,239140,19183706,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Jack,"despite the excessive amount of positive reviews on this game, it should be noted that you cannot play this on a laptop of any kind.  When I tried to play, it crashed several times before it finally let me in.  Once in, 90% of the NPCs didn't show up, including zombies, as well as some items.  Thus making the game unplayable.  Also very similar to Dead Island although they were made by the same people, this makes it okay."
76561198110517460,Not Recommended,239140,14225427,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Joey Will Woo The Muchachos,It seems to me that this game and any (new) game in general pushes the crap out of any laptop.  I would recommend not getting this unless you have the I-5 processor and a good system i'm running a toshiba Satelite L875-S7110 and this game is terrible.  Worse than dead island sick of video games in general from big industries.  I am going indie because those i can play with no trouble Boo Not alowing low end laptops to run this boo.Guess we need another North American video game crash of 1983 wiki this and tell big Devs. to start making better games Techland I want to kill zombies and also run around.  Killing zombies is a chore not like dead island and WTF is up with be the zombie.  Troll other peoples games as a hunter sooo. many trolls. so if you like killing zombies stick with dead island franchise if you want mirrors edge then get this game cause all you do is jump around buildings.1.5/100 let me run this on outdated software and then i will change my review.  FYI People who give this 10/10 don't know what video games are and are just trying to sucker people in because they wasted $.
,Not Recommended,239140,33201773,Posted: 3 July,all,Eriquu,"Crashes, bugs. Basically the whole game"
76561198132531461,Not Recommended,239140,32914769,Posted: 27 June,all,SpaceWiener,"Ooh boy, I really want to like this game. I really do. It's fun to dropkick zombies and parkour around a broken landscape. But... this game had problems. BIG problems. I first found one of this during the second ""Psycho"" where you have to grappel zombies onto spikes. The problem? THE GRAPPLE ONLY WORKS NINE TIMES OUT OF TEN. Why? Because they can hit you at any time, and I mean ANY. Also, you can straight up dodge zombie grabs, but guess what? THIS ALSO ONLY WORKS NINE TIMES OUT OF TEN. Why? Because apprently when you get grabbed by a zombie, the distance between you does not matter. You can be in ♥♥♥♥ing China, while they're in Bloody England, and they can still grab you. Ok, brief summary?: Parkour (and driving, if you have the DLC) is very well done and fun, combat is the literal worst about this game"
76561198164492083,Not Recommended,239140,34031089,Posted: 4 August,all,hyyperrr,"sadly, unskippable cutscenes and cringeworthy narratives are standard these days.but it has the single worst save/load system i've ever come across. you can run to a safe zone and finish your session (there is no manual save or load), and when you return you may be spawned in the middle of a group of enemies. i simple cannot understand the rationale behind a 'survival' game where death is meaningless, and sometimes unavoidable (you will die from glitches sometimes, and you can't load a previous save)look, the game is 90% great.but the other 10% is so unnecessarily awful,  it's just insulting."
76561198004066506,Not Recommended,239140,33203113,Posted: 3 July,all,OdinTheGreat,This game has very very interesting qualities don't get me wrong. But I just cannot reccomend it to my fellow gamers. If you didn't like dead island you will not like this game. Simple as that. The parkour is excellent but other than that I found no interest in it.
76561198019984511,Not Recommended,239140,14230901,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Octopussy,"Disgusting lack of support for SLI/Crossfire , and terrible optimization. Don't buy this terrible excuse for a game, the parkour doesn't feel like the main aspect of the game and just feels like a dead island clone. Do not waste your money as i did"
,Not Recommended,239140,14269130,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,紫色宇航员,Dead Island W/Jumping
76561198019316126,Not Recommended,239140,14201780,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[RDH]Hufnagel,Crashes. A lot. First time running resulted in a BSOD on the third cutscene (in the tutorial). Subsequent attempts have resulted in crashes every time I lose control of my character to cutscenes...
,Not Recommended,239140,17517269,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,сука блять,"What can be said about Dying Light?Many things can be said, that is a masterpiece of gaming today.In reality, this game sucks every♥♥♥♥♥♥particle out of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Co-opped my way through the entire game, having fun at first.When we got our first gun, everything went downhill. Guns are the bane of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ucker game. The grappling hook rendered parkour or however the ♥♥♥♥ you spell it USELESS, because it was more fun to grapple around than to traverse the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ replicated enviornment. What in the actual ♥♥♥♥ was that story though, ""oh hey blah blah save the people"", ""oh heeey protaganist, im going to be up at this tower come get me"". And what the ♥♥♥♥ were those superhero action sequences where crane or that ♥♥♥♥♥ got out of literally any situation that presented itself. AND THE SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING QTE, ASDWAAF FOR THOSE WHO ARE WONDERING.DID MICHAEL BAy DIRECT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME JESUSOverall, I rate this game a 10/10, given the fact that these ♥♥♥♥ers conned me into thinking they made a good game, and♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed halfway through.Yummy yummy mommys cummy"
,Recommended,239140,14192143,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,skeelsynu,Best game of 2015/16/17/18.../100.../210... etc.Absolute Beast !
,Not Recommended,239140,33498418,Posted: 13 July,all,PreschoolDropout,"I completed the campaign. I did a bunch of side quests and helped the random npcs whose questlines are dumb and dumber than a movie by the same name. I came, I saw, and I predicted 90% of the game before it happened.Very tried and true tropes here, folks, and we got 'em in spades. Let's count, in no particular order.1) Potential love interest's friend/sibling dies saving you2) Enthustiastic kid dies doing the thing you told them not to, right after they said they would not do it.3) Infected with disease because you landed in the game.4) Trippy drug sequence, because reasons.5) Love interest is poisoned/diseased and sacrifices self for you.6) Established timeline in game is not followed. I test just to spite the game. (in 48 hours, town dies. 72 hours later, nothing.)7) REALLY BAD wannabe Joker, think Suicide Squad bad, villian, who has a chaos boner for chaos.8) Real big bad is a corperation, because anyone who has money is the devil.9) Night time is scary because nighttime.10) Random disarming of all your Gucci-Loot to fight in an arena, and then again in a duel, because it would be too easy/fun any other way.11) QUICK TIME EVENT FINAL BOSS FIGHT, after platforming bit.Now here are the things that are broken, causing the game to be not fun.1) Large Enemies.They aren't quite zombies, but they do have reach, and tons of health, and require you to pelt them with lots of throwing knives from the safety of 'on something.' Not even slightly fun dealing with those.2) Recently Turned Enemies.They have the reaction times of GODS. You have a kick, which is supposed to earn you a bit of breathing room, and I had one dodged it, which then turned INTO A SWEEP KICK.The zombie knows Kung-Fu. ALL NEW ZOMBIES KNOW KUNG FU. They are more concerned with their health bars then the HUMAN OPPONENTS.3) The Melee in general.The humans and dumb zombies only want to trade, meaning they take a hit, then give one. Dumb, and not fun. Just fake difficulty. Just dodge, and you should be ok.The large enemies have great reach, and will catch your toes more often then you successfully dodge. Not fun. Just throw knives.The recently turned ones want to and will use you as a speed bad for their jab combos. Heaven forbid you encounter three or more at a time.4) The complete lack of any reason to care for anyone.You play a merc. He grows a heart. Woooooooo. So glad I was taken on THAT emotional rollercoaster.5)Unoriginal Character Design.AND I DO MEAN UNORIGINAL. Even from themselves. The zombies have two faces. Male and Female. I checked a whole horde, and the hair was different, but the face veins where the same. Exactly the same. Hot brown love interest with an accent has a doo-dad dangling from her neck, a midriff explosing jacket, and a headband.6) Very repetitous.Every side quest is go here, and either*Go there, turn on one or several switches, come back*Go there, kill the things there, and come back*Go there, pick up the thing, come backOr any combination of the three.Boring sets in immediately after the tutorial, which was EASILY the best part of the game. That, or the end credits.F*ck this game.The one question I truly have is, and I am dead serious when I ask this,In the Duel versus that one a-hole, where did my guns go? Were they stolen from me as I wandered about, looking for my love interest in disease enabled drug trip? If so, who took them and how? There was no indication of any such a thing during the trip. When I came out of the trip, I was attacking my love interest. I should have attacked anyone who tried to molest me during that point, and seeing has how this character already knew how to fight, being a merc, he should have known super Kung Fu whilst being a super fresh new zombie."
,Not Recommended,239140,21441883,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Widdly Scuds,"http://cdn.akamai.steamstatic.com/steam/apps/239140/ss_a8f95ffe2e85093aec91d2fbcdadc744cd9f301d.jpg?t=1456336266Bought the game because of this screenshot, the head shots are not like that in game sadly. Dont judge the game based on the screen shots. LIESThumbs down for false advertising"
76561197980210376,Not Recommended,239140,18171497,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Barna,"if you play with a gamepad  the right stick is inverted: right=up, left=down, up=left; down=right (something like that).no rumble.""full controller support"" where???besides this little problem great game 10/10"
76561198082016891,Not Recommended,239140,33316086,Posted: 6 July,all,Lucky  CS.MONEY,it is a all right game but that one thing that is♥♥♥♥♥♥is the CLIMING is so bad
,Recommended,239140,29619702,Posted: 31 January,all,Forgotten Syrup,"dying light is interesting to say the least.i enjoyed the gameplay mechanics and some of the realism placed in it's fighting mechanics and many other pieces of the game. the parkour system is easy to understand and creates some very fun and unique ways to get across the zombie infested city.this game introduces 2 very interesting characters in both the main character and the games main villain.one of the main issues i found with this game is that it's zombie design seems a little unoriginal and is becoming one of the many overused systems of zombie style games of any kind ""alright bois so we got ya bombas' ya got ya screama's and ya got ya thugga's"" it just feels very used up after series like Dead island exhausted it. but the gameplay mechanics and the style of the game create a very fun atmosphere to explore and to play in. i highly recomend this for anyone looking for a more unique gameplay in zombie games."
76561197967179046,Not Recommended,239140,14293034,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Thirstymagicman,"This game would be the best game ever! However this game doesn't work. they played some sick joke. they made us buy these exspensive computers, too have these nuts graphics pay max price pre- oreder some super sick game. THAT IS SO BROKEN. before the game worked kinda fine. multiplayer not at all. now they do an update. the game wont run single player now. i do everything theyll tell me change  everyone option 5 minutes into the game you freeze and crash. or you grab a ledge and teleport underwater???! and die?! like what the f, south park makes fun of all this♥♥♥♥♥♥and still people make these♥♥♥♥♥♥games that cant run have to wait till DLC patch 4.5 too come out so it final works. games like this make people not want to pre order anything wtf. Way to have coolest game of the year. that works 2017"
,Not Recommended,239140,21167836,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Xels,VAC protection in game with mods. 10/10 would get banned again.
,Not Recommended,239140,19961695,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ryougi Shiki,"Bought the game to play with friends, and am forced to get through a tutorial before I can play with friends.  Not gonna be playing with friends now, deeply regret buying a four pack, would not recommend this game to anyone.It looks very nice, but how nice it looks doesn't matter when I can't play it.  I was wrong, and apparently there is no way to skip the tutorial from a new game, only from a New Game+.So yeah, not gonna be playing the game."
,Not Recommended,239140,18820199,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Eminem2420,"The gameplay is terrible. Hit a zombie 10 times and still doesn't die, but oops your weapon just broke. Got to find another one. The parkour system is unreliable at best. The end boss is a quick time event. Lazy developing on that part. I'm going to go back to Dead Island. Its better than this overpriced game."
,Not Recommended,239140,24097618,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Das Zwerg,"Enemies dont stagger when you hit them but you do.Enemies have guns, but you cant get any and when you do there's no ammo.Everyone's super strong! You're super weak.What the hell is wrong with this game? I havent enjoyed a single second of it, just intense amounts of frustration and confusion. I have♥♥♥♥♥♥TONS of money, but all I can buy is some dumpy hammers for 6k, even thoough I can find them on enemies?Holy ♥♥♥♥ I regret giving this game a chance. Shoulda got a refund while I had the chance."
76561197993488858,Not Recommended,239140,14231689,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Smoking7,Glitch! everthing rest .
76561197967710301,Not Recommended,239140,14226638,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,willag_mac,"I have just spent £350 to play this game at its best and i am stuck with a Stuttering Game that is driving me mad.The story is good and it has so much scope to be a great game but releasing this onto the public in this condition is a very, very poor show indeed.I wnat a refund!When you fix the game and work out all the glitches in it i may be tempted back but paying £40 for a game that cannot rn on my machine with a EVGA 970 in it, thats a badly coded game!Willie"
76561198065799529,Not Recommended,239140,14278816,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,#rektomancer,"This lags something fierce, which is unfortunate, because it does seem quite fun.My rig:OS: Ubuntu 14.04 trustyKernel: x86_64 Linux 3.13.0-43-genericResolution: 3840x1200CPU: Intel Core i7-4790K CPU @ 4.001GHzRAM: 2535MB / 15999MBGPU: GeForce GTX 760 (Driver Version: 346.35)"
76561198281857752,Not Recommended,239140,30219482,Posted: 27 February,all,eric.augier1,"Zombie Fps! Cool!the fact about this game:  it's all about frustration:You spend all your time managing your weapons so they can last...And they don'tThe game is totaly unbalanced. Some of the opponent are just invicible, and so you can be completely stopped in the story by just one opponent..I Thought a game was to play. This one is really not...Waste of money"
76561198257457094,Not Recommended,239140,20270981,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"Awesome Profilename, Bitchez",It's not terrible all in all but it has some moments that are incredibly annoying. Quests are really boring so all this chopping zees and grinding to unlock skill trees gets really old like in ten hours or so.I'd give it ok rating if steam had but for me it's closer to a negative one hence the thumb down.
,Not Recommended,239140,25219476,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,needy,kill me
,Recommended,239140,14190436,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Colapops,"I dropkicked a man off a building where he fell to his death in a crowd of zombies. I was pumped up on drugs I made from a mushroom I found under a garbage can and some leaves. Immediately afterwards, another human enemy kicked me off a ledge instead and I fell into a pile of refuse, with him falling right after me. He didn't make the landing. Oops!!"
,Not Recommended,239140,30518523,Posted: 14 March,all,Comrade,I just installed and cannot play!! it keeps pausing automatically! I want a fix
76561198074899522,Recommended,239140,18631402,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Capitalismisevil,"I was about a hundred thousand points from my next legend point, and was murdered by a volatile while I was about 10 feet underwater. Is this a glitch or is it just coincidence that they have never once done this iin the year and a half that I have been playing? I'd really like to know."
76561198058831476,Not Recommended,239140,14267457,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sponga feu feu,"the zombie are way though, but the free runing is kinda cool"
76561198080694787,Not Recommended,239140,26187595,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Zmuffon,if any one game would make me want to kms it would be this game. The amount of actual frustration at the cheap crap the game pulls and just the cluster**ck of stupid things that the devs thought all good games need really just takes all possible fun out of this game. It is clearly intentionally making me waste my time with having to spam e like a neanderthal and make me cross between damn maps all the freaking time. This game is the equivalent to massive trash sandwich filled with random bs that makes no sense and ruins your will to live. The people who made this should actually be ashamed that they are alive.
76561198074364970,Not Recommended,239140,20010756,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,orange_shooter,♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198128272624,Not Recommended,239140,32281528,Posted: 8 June,all,BigMoist,"horrible story, horrible and cheesy one liners, I really wish i could get my money and time back."
76561198007239918,Not Recommended,239140,24561109,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Spills51,"Well this game isn't bad exactly. The combat is done well and you can run naround the enviroment as you please.That being said it just could not hold my attention.AA few things stood out that frustrated me.One thing that drove me crazy is the NPC dialogue. These guys will say the same joke, line etc within a minute of just saying it. Some may say thats nitpicking but I can name plenty of openworld games (or any type) that actually put the time in to make a proper NPC.The Npc dialogue just comes off lazy and rushed. I found myself mumbling ""Yes I know, I heard you the first 30 times :(The characters themselves never really pulled me in, I just did'nt care for them personally.All this really hits the immersion aspect. For me this is one of the most important points in a game.You built a world around zombies...Fine now sell me on it. Which it just failed to do for me.The parkour is fun for a bit but really just everything got to tedious after awhile.I have no problem putting 50 or a hundred hours into an open world game if it grabs me.After 20 hours into this I just couldn't bring myself to care to play more. After 12 or so the fun had worn off.Again the game isn't bad. I just don't think it is particularly good either."
,Not Recommended,239140,34366033,Posted: 19 August,all,11duckshot,Why the Quicktime ending though?
,Not Recommended,239140,29844589,Posted: 11 February,all,Lynch,...
,Not Recommended,239140,29244090,Posted: 14 January,all,SpikeZx,fix spacebar
76561198030801845,Not Recommended,239140,14195534,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mr. Bungle,"I'm only reviewing this for AMD users such as myself.  I had such high hopes for this game but If you have AMD then you might want to stay away from this game.  Game itself is great and looks beautiful and I'm sure looks great for Nvidia users, but runs horribly on my setup which is the reccomended settings with 8 gig more ram.8350 fxr9 290 4gb card16 gig ram"
76561198016004569,Recommended,239140,19337436,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Howdyho,I havent' even played it yet!
76561198075172990,Not Recommended,239140,34830168,Posted: 8 September,all,Natopwnzor,"Oh God the combat system just pisses me off. I can decapitate zombies with one hit! Yay! Oh wait, not anymore. I got guns?? Oh I get killed nearly instantly by another AI trick-shotting me. Runner zombies can hit you can run at the same time. At least you can hold ""B"" and watch your @$$ literally getting torn apart. Good game, bad mechanics. Personally wouldn't reccomend. Good for a guy trying to pass time or looking for the 'story'. Also, if you want to-do lists from NPCs, heres your game!"
76561198000958871,Not Recommended,239140,30932770,Posted: 3 April,all,Cannon Fodder,"I found the game more frustrating than fun. My opinion, take it for what it's worth."
,Recommended,239140,25984416,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,WotanRexus,"So... Another Zombie Apocalypse has landed. As an avid fan of this genre, I had to satisfy my curiosity, when it went on sale.The short version:- 1st person exploration, in urban (and rural) environment, with both fixed and static storylines, sandbox-style play (with crafting, but without building-aspects). Melee plays a large role, but ranged and environmental weapons are present too.- Decent campaign mode. Pretty good coops-mode, and various Zombie-modes and participational MP-aspects present. And the ability to turn those things on and off.- Good alround graphics and physics (aside from a bug or glitch, here and there. But nothing too aggravating, given the complexity of actions possible.- Horror, blood and gore is definately present lol. Dont go into the nights, unless you know what youre doing!- Story and acting is pretty good (havent played the extra content yet, though).- Similarities to other games: Fallout 4, Mirrors Edge, Max Payne, Mad Max: Fury Road, Dead Island etc.Long version:The game is definately well produced, afaik. The gameplay is relatively easy to jump into, but hard to master optimally (untill you got all your skills and bling weapons ofc!).I had great fun playing the first half of the game. Its easy to just jump in, and have some casual fun, and if youre into grinding, thats possible too. Easter-eggs are there for the picking, and the content keeps coming, if you like all sorts of gamestyles, vanity-gear and such. But its not needed to play, really.The FPS is pretty good and the system for Coop etc. seems well designed, so far.Ive had a little trouble with some Parkour-elements, that seem to be a little broken, in some areas, but its not too much, imo.After a little while, it does get a little monotoneous, the environment, but as you discover more areas, and start looking at the DLCs and extra gamestyles, Id imagine that will help keeping the game fresh.Over all, its a pretty good game, with more potential for the future. I bought it on sale (24 EU) and thats definately a good price for it. I MIGHT have bought it at full price, but Im sort of borderline on that, still. Lots of other games takes up my attention too, so Im spreading my gaming-funds so I can afford more titles, in my STEAM-library :-)The game for me, is NOT a title, that would make me dump all other games (even for a while). After a few hours of gameplay, Id assume people would love to play something else, for a bit lol. The heads-smashing and visuals (as mentioned) does get a bit boring, after playing too long. But thats ofc subjective. I sure love to jump in, still, once in awhile, when I need to hit something hard lol.Good game and worth a buy. Especially on sale."
76561198036117978,Not Recommended,239140,34782084,Posted: 6 September,all,Ruinerrino,"Pretty fun at the begging, but extremely boring after all"
,Not Recommended,239140,14290486,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Crayons,"Bought this game hoping that it would be different from Dead Island, but it's the exact same thing with parkour, more useful skill trees and a way more intense night time cycle. This new generation of gamers really loves getting spoonfed♥♥♥♥♥♥and paying top dollar for it. Bottom line - the game is weak af. Anyone who thinks otherwise needs to go and look in a mirror for a few seconds. Okay, you back yet? Take a shower, wash that greasy hair and put on some clean clothes. Your father should have raised you better."
76561198010702139,Not Recommended,239140,14289770,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bio MechMan,This game sucks on steam does nothing but locks up.
76561197975296870,Not Recommended,239140,21161259,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,FlexMeisterR,"It says: Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Edition is already in your Steam libraryThats just not true! I want to buy the game, but steam doesnt allow me to!A fatal error, because now I will not buy it. To much of a hassle...You know,... this just bug me, Iwant to buy the game honostly, but downloading and playing via illegal channels is just easier is seems!Anyway, I liked the original, but you will never know if I liked the second, because I couldn't buy it on Steam."
,Recommended,239140,32389178,Posted: 13 June,all,Kevin❤Saluki  HawkServers.co,furry weapon in gem recumend with yiff ;)))
,Not Recommended,239140,22966670,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Iggy,"clumsy parkour in a game that depends on it. pvp system is now a few noobs trying the game from a sale and the tryhards that curbstomp them. overbearing crafting system with a weapon durability system that only punishes you for doing what you bought this game for: killing zombies. Ubisoft style zone unlocking. Idk..just..I keep coming back to this game hoping I'll find something I really enjoy about it. After six hours, I'm struggling to find that something. When you only have so much gaming time between work and social stuff, I would really struggle to suggest this game. If you want a dead isle style game in a city setting, go wild, but overall, I'm going to say pass."
,Not Recommended,239140,21114675,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nexures,horrible dev along with an unoptimized garbage that hates modding
,Not Recommended,239140,29195521,Posted: 11 January,all,wroter,"There's a good game in here TRYING to get out. But it's just buried under so many other things that drag it down. It's got the control issues from the game it's obviously trying to copy - Dead Island, the weird ♥♥♥♥ing ""you have a disease that constantly cripples you"" thing from Far Cry 2, the story is forgettable, the characters are all ""generic non-white person"" with zero personality, the bad guy is obviously from the tail end of trying to copy the bad guy from Far Cry 3."
76561198052092227,Not Recommended,239140,34470913,Posted: 24 August,all,Daizyborat,"Could be a great game if the developer gave two shitz about it.  They have so many glitches and issues and when i continual report new ones they say ""we are aware but have no plan to fix that"".  MAJOR errors, save issues, freeze ups, big time screw ups that ruin the fun.  I cant believe developers get away with selling games like this at full price.  90 percent amazing is not good enough when the 10% ruins the entire playability and emersion of the entire game."
,Not Recommended,239140,14196472,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,metalTbag,"laggiest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, steam dont give refunds either.. thanks for ♥♥♥♥ing me game"
,Not Recommended,239140,14213079,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Boydz,"i was seriously excited for this game, now i havent got a problem with mechanics of the game or storyline ETC... my rant is the fact it looks absolutely beautiful until after tutorial & it realises you have a AMD GPU (i have a 290x) it cannot even do 30 FPS poorly optimised for AMD users all negative reviews seem to be from us AMD users & all the positive from Nvdia..... sort it out."
11111222223333444,Not Recommended,239140,33757418,Posted: 23 July,all,Duke,"An absolute mess. The sheer amount of cheaters in this game that invade you is absolutely ruining the game for me.Yes, its fun with friend, but so is literally any game that allows you to free roam.My problems with it:1) The control scheme (mouse and keyboard) is an unresponsive hassle. Grapple hook key? Nah, but here is a key to look behind you, that only works while you're running, THAT'S what you wanted, right? Nah instead just keep switching back and forth between grapple hook and UV light, that's fun. That's well designed.2) The ""final boss"" is just a series of quick time events. Oh goody, how well thought out.3) The story is a mess. The lead writer is a leftist moron injecting his personal politics into everything. I hope you like hearing about ""da eviiil corporations"" and ""muh stronk woman, tough as nails"" (despite losing or running away from every fight she literally ever gets in) CONSTANTLY. Yes, I get it, Dan Jolley, you're left wing. PLEASE keep your stupid politics out of your games, for christ sakes.4) The story itself, even when left free from having some cucks political opinions forced into it is a mess. You're constantly left wondering ""why the hell am I doing this"" and ""why am I doing this the most stupid way possible""Also bonus points for trying to go for shock value by killing off so many characters. No, you're not The Walking Dead, and no, you're nowhere near a good enough writer to pull that off. Stop trying to make me care about your stupid, shallow characters. I don't.5) Like half your screen cluttered up with writing? Well you're in luck, whenever they have ""community"" objectives (who gives a flying ♥♥♥♥♥ about these, I swear) prepare to have a bunch of text on your screen you can't wipe off. Fun!6) Got a cheater in your lobby that YOU'RE the host of? Well tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can't kick them. You're stuck with them, don't like it? You have to quit out, reform your lobby with your friends/team and then start the whole process of waiting to be invaded over again. GOODY.I could go on, but I've put more effort into writing this review than they put effort into stopping for just five seconds and double checking a single thing they put in.tl;dr A complete and total mess. Do not spend your money on this. I'll probs put a few more hours in to get my money worth and then I'm dropping it.I look forward to the swarm of ""This review is not helpful"" from the rabid fanboys this awful game has (somehow).Edit: Just be informed as well that this game will VAC ban you for using mods, but the game still has so many cheaters just running around free? I'm sorry but how on earth have you messed this up so hard?Edit2:This is the average Dying Light fanboy :http://i.imgur.com/tX05lGW.pngHe then went on to pretend he didn't do it:http://i.imgur.com/Tz2muGK.pngHe then admitted to it, lmfao:http://i.imgur.com/vYhLnYF.pngWhat a time to be alive."
,Not Recommended,239140,31342593,Posted: 24 April,all,mord,Play through the entire game co-op to be denied the conclusion as it forces you into singleplayer. Ok.
76561198042072514,Not Recommended,239140,14217140,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,H.honor,"Overhyped feels exactly like dead island boring imo,did not give me the feeling of zombie surviver at all 6/10Buy it when its cheaper"
,Not Recommended,239140,14289183,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,打错电话啊哈!!,Audio bugs. Unoptimized game.
,Not Recommended,239140,14209383,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Synarix,"TechLand's new release, Dying Light, seems to be at first another dead island. it features the same style of game ideaology.Saying that, it seems that they have introduced new elements to the game, it is fun, true to play, and even challanging in certain occasions, however, i have many problems with this game.the first of which is glitches, bugs, and things that should no happen, zombies stuck in walls, being stuck on a wall, weird parkour interactions that sometimes sent you in weird and not always wonderful places, however that said it is not overtly common for a game so early in the release, so some hope can still be held for this point.  (anyone noticed how people have 'flooded' hair?)Secondly, it is the storyline, it is nice and some aspects are new, but some of them seems to be following Call of Duty's poor choice of ""rinse and repeat"". a lot of the story line bare too many similarities with zombie cliches and famous TV shows, games and movies. additionally, a lot of the mutant zombies, or special zombies, bear a lot of similarities with Left for Dead, (it seems they even have a refence to this game, ""left 4 bread"") such as the bomber (boomers in l4d), i could continue making similarities but i find no point in doing so.Additionally, the map is very well map, that compliments to developpers, however, the one issue i have with it is the fact you spend almost the entirety of the latter half of the game in the sewers, i mean it is a zombie game and crawling through sewers is almost a necessity, but they could tone it down a bit, they are other ways to travel in the world thens sewers you know? i mean, make a scene about driving a car, or hiking through the woods over the mountain, i don't know, just not as many sewers next time ok?Now, onto more serious stuff to point out.I have always used CTRL as crouch since i was old enough to reach the keyboard,  but this game uses C, which i have no issues with on it's own, however, this couple with the usual shift (sprint) meant the crouching is almost impossible to do unless you entirely rebind your keys. this could have been easily solved by allow us to bind multiple keys to one actions.Also, the control and general movement in this game is poor, compared to other free-runner games, it is almost laughingly annoying and perhaps slow, even at maximum aligility, it feels like you either pulling super-human stunts/parkour moves (such as jumping of massive heights into about 3 feet of garbage and walking out of it alive, intanct), or that you are so slow you'd loose in a race to a 100y.o granny with a broken walker.Alright, enough bagging this game out. here's a few pros:The graphics are nice, the lightning effects are night with fires and various lights are also pretty cool and make me want to run around at night with my light of just to admire the effects.The gruesome nature of this game has been well done, and this is a necessity for a game of this genre, yet i cannot help but feel it was still somehow underdone, as if they could of done more, should of done more, but didn't for some reason i do not know. but still this is definitly a plus.the weapons, modifications and such: i mean who doesn't like going around setting fire to zombies or electrifying them with a sparkingly electric machete? 'nough said.the co-op and multiplayer is also a nice aspect, something which i have not done in vaste amounts, but it is stilll a nice feature to have.i await to see if anything will be done in any future updates."
,Not Recommended,239140,14223281,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bill876,"After a few minutes of gameplay screen freezes forever.Driver crashes, recovers, but game needs to be restarted. Good optimisations, as usual with these bull***t hype games.2015-01-30: new update, still driver crashes."
,Not Recommended,239140,29009211,Posted: 4 January,all,Arrygon,If you are 10 year old proud owner of playstation not too much inteligent you wil probably enjoy this game otherwise you will cry like I do. This is mine worst ever spent money. I must admit my stupidity...
,Not Recommended,239140,31342595,Posted: 24 April,all,[KRS1] Gerald Levert,Spent the entire game with a friend. Then the finale forces you to play single player. No warning or explanation. That's a joke
76561198088515034,Not Recommended,239140,32403332,Posted: 13 June,all,Saul the Seal,"Well, I don't really know what to say. I didn't even have it for 2 hours (105 minutes thank god) and I'm so happy I didn't. I kept getting fps lag even with an AMD FX 8350 and an AMD RX 480. The further I went into the game, the worse it got I started getting 60 fps and gave upwhen I was getting around 15 fps. I know that this game is pretty much powered by Nvidia, so I'm wondering if thats why I'm having problems. On top of that, it started to get really unresponsive to my keyboard and mouse even after I switched them both out. I'm really hoping Steam gives me a refund because this game has wasted my time and money, even though I got it on sale. Out of the 57 games in my library, this is the only one I've ever wanted to return. So if you do buy this game, just make sure you either are using Nvidia graphics or have a beastly Ryzen build (If that even works)."
76561197998634749,Not Recommended,239140,14241443,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Evil.Genius,"First problem was the sound. After i fixed that♥♥♥♥♥♥all the lag/stuttering began. Started looking on the internet on how to get rid of the issues i got.I am on currently on a quest that's like an hour into the game. I have a total of 4,5-4,6 hours played. 3 of those are me looking/trying to fix all my issues...Never had to stop playing a game because of how bad it runs on my PC. High settings to low setting to whatever the ♥♥♥♥ the internet recommends you doing to get it to be playable!They released  patch 1.2.1 and it made some areas worse for me^^Is it a good game? Sure, even though i just played for an hour. It did make me more interested in the game!If you want to take a chance and see if you can play go ahead and buy.I DO NOT recommend anyone buying now though.(Would have given this game a thumbs up and recommended it if it werent for the performence issues)"
76561197985687678,Not Recommended,239140,14215673,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gamer,"Dying Light is is beautiful game with great surroundings and gorgeous graphics, single payer is very entertaining with lots of missions, but when you click to play Multiplayer It sucks, unbalanced and serves no purpose at least if they made some other modes then I would give thumbs up but online is terribly done, I will recommend this game to fans of single player but if you want to have fun multiplayer you will be disappointed..."
,Not Recommended,239140,32487131,Posted: 16 June,all,Ð®.ƒî®€ Golden Cinnamon,unoptimized trash
76561198028828159,Recommended,239140,14335836,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Coprovaneer,Dropkick of the Year.
76561198026943814,Not Recommended,239140,14267118,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,HotCat,"It is a good game, but until they fix these coop issues then I would not recommend purchasing it unless you are just in it for the single player.They came out with the 1.2.1 patch, but it did not help a single bit."
76561198089223560,Not Recommended,239140,14198915,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Green_Vox,game looks great but not having sound is a big let down. glad i wasted 60 dollars on this. my veiw my change if a patch comes quickly for the fix
76561198118216784,Not Recommended,239140,14197809,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dillon Harper,"Ребята помогите , скажите, у меня почему-то в начале игры не ходит"
76561198004043216,Not Recommended,239140,32024508,Posted: 28 May,all,Mzx,"It's a terrible Yamakasi game with an extremely difficult gameplay. Although has huge potential and a great aesthetic, but I could not find any fun in it at all. Just anticlimactic.Refounded."
76561198043559916,Not Recommended,239140,14219970,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kyle Romero,"I stayed up late just so I could play this game when it downloaded, I booted it up on a brand new PC and was ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING DISSAPOINTED!Not only did the screen tear but it stuttered and stopped so much I couldn't enjoy the the free running element. And it had to take 10-15 seconds to load up every single cut scene AND QTE when a zombie grabbed me which led to more that a few avoidable deaths.Not to mention the free-running and climbing controls only worked half the time, I got stuck jumping at a wall so many times only to finally grab on to a ledge that was a few feet above me.Poorly optomized, finicky controls and aggrivating load times. Total waste of money for something I was extremely excited about."
,Recommended,239140,14190076,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Black Tatarin,"Давно ждал что-то подобное!!! Кампания просто отличная, побочные эффекты на высоте, геймплэй, со временем, всё лучше и лучше(т.к. открывается всё новые и новые скилы,враги,оружие и т.п.)! Одиночкая игра-прекрасна(но пока что играл только один,друзей буду приглашать чуть позже, тогда и оценю ко-оп). Режим Be The Zombie отменен! Очень давно хотел поиграть за зомби в подобной форме! Hunter, благодаря своим щупальцам(или как их там...) может притянуться от одного здания к другому(ТАК ЕЩЁ И С ФИЗИКОЙ,БОЖЕСТВЕННАЯ ФИЗИКА ПЕРСОНАЖА), при этом у зомбей существуют несколько видов атак: Когти, Щупальца(добивание), Удар о землю, ну, и, там другие прикольные плюшки онли для зомби. Одним словом-игра отменна(правда нашёл баг со звуком при 20-30 фпс,голоса у персов как у роботов O_o,также существует небезызвестный баг(скорее всего стима) насчёт незасчитывани часов проведения в игре,но это мелочь)"
76561197998934546,Recommended,239140,14509803,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mastima,"Stick with me here....Dying = Death is the the most inevitable thing in the universe... InevitableLight = You take out the I, G, and T and you have LH left ...  or HLI, G, and T are three letters...ThreeSo what do we get... Inevitable HL3#HL3confirmed"
,Not Recommended,239140,23515325,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,FiB. Alex,"Fake Season Pass SimulatorPay more 9999,99 $ to get the exclusive Season Pass Scam Bundle which includes(or maybe not, with Techland you can't really know for sure) the Dumb♥♥♥♥ Fanboys Salt Based Weapon Pack."
,Not Recommended,239140,33810142,Posted: 26 July,all,volfin,"While The game itself is fun to play, I can not recommend the game due to Techland's abusive practices toward players and the Steam platform. They try to push players to their own Steam competitor, which is just a slimy thing to do, as has been seen over the years with Uplay and Origin. The last thing the Gaming community needs is yet another fragmentation."
76561198135522131,Not Recommended,239140,14191587,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sweg Swigidy,wow this game runs like 10 frams pre second this is so gay i was so hyped i want a refund
,Not Recommended,239140,25174600,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Myscion,Very out of place boss fights that just ruin the pace of the game. Zero survival just a simple basher.Very disapointed. Glad I got it on sale.
76561197997460207,Not Recommended,239140,14200976,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,George W. Bush,"gUYS. i WANTED to like this game SO badly. But it is horrible, so bad, so dumb to play, the mechanics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it is glitchy as hell and again, just dumb. Play dead island or something, this game is worse."
,Recommended,239140,14196252,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Zombie Guts,This game is AMAZING!
,Not Recommended,239140,33156616,Posted: 2 July,all,twitch.tv/presidentjacky,"this game is a joke even at the price of 25 dollars. only redeeming feature it has is co-op. The story is nonexistent, side quests are lame. Game cant decide if its a running game or a game where you can , you know kill ZOMBIES?!!? Dont even touch the other difficulties that isnt normal unless you like sponge enemies like shadow warrior 2. co-op u have to keep letting your friend host cause it doesnt save your own individual progress for quests."
,Not Recommended,239140,28756476,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,VENOMSENSE,Unfortunatelly i am not able to get past the first cut scene and after contacting support they only recommened to update drivers that are already updated. after spending hours with tech support trying to figure it out i only got the excuse that dying light is not supported by windows 10!
,Not Recommended,239140,14317674,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,liftedv2,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Buy this if you have a 3 trillion dollar graphics card, unoptimization is too bad, worse than dayz"
76561198035474907,Not Recommended,239140,14204131,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,finalshadow12,be the ♥♥♥♥ing zombie mode sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥all they do is just shine a light and you are useless
,Not Recommended,239140,14215515,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,encoder,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,14190460,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Diego from San Diego,It's awesome. 10/10 Zombies.
76561198002456771,Not Recommended,239140,14204114,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BillTheMechanic,Not impressed. All hype.
76561198086472248,Not Recommended,239140,23131633,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,benzeboy3737,"MY GOD i wanted to like this gamewe have all been hurt by freerunning games. this one is no exeptionwe have all had to try to climb back DOWN ladders that offer no help and you fall to your death5we have all had times when ""oh dying doesnt do anything bad, i just rank? kk""we have all looted every last box just to find we cant buy jackshit anywaySo...i've put in 8 hours, i'm not a game designer, buthere is how to STILL turn a D- into a solid B+/A-BALANCE YOUR DAMAGE AND ECONOMY.hitting a zombie with an axe 15+ times (no seriously, full durability) becomes comical and when ALL weapons seem to do the same squeaky rubber damage i don't even care that the differant rarety (read as: color) bats are 14k when i've never seen as much as 9k at any one time.REWARD MY GRINDINGor give me an alternative like DAYLIES so i have a reason to return.running through streetfulls of brain dead (not zombie, like boreing AI sprites taking up time/proccessing power...) is boooooooooooreing. it makes me WISH for a fast travel system, in a game that CAN'T afford to loose any more emersion.BE CONSISTANT.half the rocks/polls/windows/towers look climbable, and the other half is where you want to go....this game could be fixed OVERNIGHT to what we were promised and what we all deserve (devs included they deserve to be proud of the work done)Bottom LineCan't recommend over something like boarderlands for game style and flavor (if it had a more serious vision) or assassins creed which makes free running freeing and well.....possible."
76561198167686193,Not Recommended,239140,25710849,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Triceracop,unoptimized mess of a game you gotta♥♥♥♥♥♥the settings to make it vagly playable
76561198009606874,Not Recommended,239140,32512381,Posted: 17 June,all,rjbrougham,"This would be a really good game, but for some reason you have to play multiplayer at night, some people just want single player!!!!!!!"
76561198127052852,Not Recommended,239140,14204516,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MontyFreezerBurns,"Completely unplayable on Ubuntu Linux with XFire r290X, 32G of RAM, and a 10 Core E2 Xeon all on 1T SSDs. Game wont start, has black screen for first 4-5m, then black screen with white rectangle and frozen indefinitely. For $60, this is a massive rip-off which apparently can not even be returned. Abysmal, awful, terrible, and FUBAR. Needs to be fixed or money returned to ""buyer"" (otherwise known as ""scam victim""). Media blackouts on previews screw the consumer, and untested releases make Valve and the developers look bad."
76561198167604762,Not Recommended,239140,33663396,Posted: 19 July,all,Luci-oh-no,i wish it worked
,Not Recommended,239140,22984961,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chaosoniclov,"This game can be summed up in two words, but I already used more then two words. I don't know why it works but it does. It has this concept used over and over again, but techland may have made a game that actually works. They just needed a bit refining on the story, and the mechanics work that is why they released DLC."
,Recommended,239140,26314732,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,BearHug,Its fine
76561198256910303,Not Recommended,239140,19222061,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,( •_•),Very Laggy i want a refund dont buy
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,239140,19193546,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,mattgroom,"CRAPSome of the worst controls I have, seen. And no you cannot climb anything, its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I could climb a tower easily, but not in this."
,Not Recommended,239140,25343722,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HEC404,"I was really interested in this game. Turns out this really isn't my thing. It's more a mission-to-mission on rails kinda game, with some zombies thrown into it. The jumping and running can be fun, but it gets interrupted often by a slow paced and poor story, which you have to go through in the body of a rather dumb individual that needs to earn skills because his brain is not capable of logic.Everything is on rails, and even things like opening a door slow down the game because apparently, opening doors require a short in-game animation. Everything is just so extremely slow. And the fact that I never really felt that I was truly in control of the character, really didn't help the gameplay.I do like the graphics, and the sound is nicely done as well. I just wish I had watched more videos before I got this game though. I could have saved some money."
,Not Recommended,239140,26191443,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"After hearing so much praise for this game I decided to try it out but the first five hours are so dreadfully unfun that I just can't go anymore. I hear that the game get's better later on but thus far the first person parkour is horribly impercise, leading to many missed jumps because it wasn't clear if I could make it and lots of jumping stupidly against walls trying to find the one side of the wall the game allows you to climb. I heard that the game was too easy so I put it on the hardest difficulty but that just turned every enemy into a 3 minute kicking endeavor. The story is as hilariously cliche as many admit. The five hours that I did play I had to constantly force myself to continue playing; I highly regret not stopping after the two hour mark so I could've returned this waste of time."
76561198019075060,Not Recommended,239140,14230326,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hellfire,"Techland & Dying Light online can go ♥♥♥♥ itself!! The developers have made the online mod wayyy too hard! Earlier when I played it, you had a chance to kill the hunter atleast, but now, it is almost impossible... Tossing flares & using your UV flashlight doesnt fend off the hunter either way so you are screwed either way!"
76561197989504651,Not Recommended,239140,23943403,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Big Dirty,"I would really love to reccomend this game. I can't.It's the most frustratingly tantalizing experience.  It's a zombie game, a self aware cliche.  Don't play it for the story, that's not the problem.  The mechanics are solid. The parkour system is AWESOME, It's the only thing I can truely complement.  You play it for the action right?  Except this game doesn't have any action.  Combat avoidance is The only viable tactic.  So ok fine, avoid combat right?  WRONG.  Missions will require combat.  And guess what?  Every time you die the game robs you of your XP for one paticular skill tree which happends to be the skill tree that helps you die less AND access better weapons. I've been stuck at rank 5 survivor rating for about 8 hours of gameplay because trial and error is actively punished.  I complete a mission, narrowly avoiding death and secure half of my needed points to level and I'm then immediately set back to square one by trying to figure out the next mission.So I can't improve my weapons or my character.  I can't fight anything because I'll always die and the more I die the less I can fight things and complete missons.There's no point in playing.  Don't waste your money."
76561198172052853,Not Recommended,239140,32884315,Posted: 27 June,all,Toastgaming,"READ BEFORE BUYING THE GAME!!!!!!! Don't risk your money just yet!Hi, I bought Dying Light The Following - Enhanced Edition for Mac when it was on discount and I downloaded and I was happy to play it then when I was opening the game my screen turned black then took me back to my desk top screen then I thought it was a bug so I tired to keep loading the game up and I couldn't get the game to work so I looked up on what to do to fix this problem it works for some people but my luck was just not having it with all of the fixes but I wish I could figure it out. I do recommed buying it but there's a 50/50% chance of it not working and doing the hard labor to find out if you could fix it or not. Please can someone tell me how to fix it or hopefully Techland The devlopers can fix it."
76561198123534566,Recommended,239140,14190227,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,VamWam,Super fun game so far! I like that your able to run and jump away from everything! The fighting system is fun too! A must have I think!
,Recommended,239140,14190881,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ser Perceval,"This game runs very nicely, round 40-50 FPS on my Asus ROG G751JY (Intel Core i7, GTX980M, 24Go RAM).+ Stunning graphics, particularily light effects and reflections+ Combats are dynamics, zombies are quite easy to kill, but there are a lot of them+ Nice open-world+ Parkour is nicer than in AC+ Nice day/night cycle, easily controlable (sleeping, missions)+ Competences really nice- Localisation not accurate, and characters not moving lips while talkingI'll now try the cooporation mode, which I was really looking forward to !"
76561198006751631,Recommended,239140,14190274,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,strungout,Im very impressed so far! Awesome graphics and solid gameplay. Techland have built on their knowledge from Dead Island and crafted an awesome open world zombie experience :P Highly recommend!!
,Not Recommended,239140,26008117,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The Ganj,Constant advertisements in the game.
,Not Recommended,239140,18167720,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Venon,"This game did not provide a enthusaistic type of gameplay like the tralier demonstated it would, not very fun, extrememly long cutscenes i didnt enjoy it atall one of the reasons being 1 missions saving system was unpleasant and after i died the save files made it so the people i killed were already dead and damage had been done from when i was alive"
,Not Recommended,239140,29348190,Posted: 18 January,all,Lyan,"Gameplay was solid, the story was meh. I can't recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,239140,33415400,Posted: 9 July,all,General Biž,"I bought this game because I heard it's brilliant, awesome, really great game, everyone was so excited just thinking about it. Well let me tell you, after 3 hours of playing:This game is complete and utter nonsence.It's overhyped and overpriced.Basically it's Mirror's edge with terminator zombies.Plus, the devs were so creative that they made one and only SP & MP character.Game has no point and no fun at all.0/10If you really like zombie games go for Dead Island."
,Recommended,239140,14214287,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,𝗕𝗪Ξ𝗞𝗙Λ𝗦𝗧,gud gaem
76561198035248794,Recommended,239140,25955490,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,larsandre1990,"worst game i played in a long time, places you expect ure skills ware suposed to work, dont work and grapple is disabeld evry where you need em. combat is messy, storyline is plainly horrid, skills dont activate when running, air drops dont give that much of a loot, not to meny upsides, i like meny orther zombie survivor games, overral its a good explorer game nothing els. score is a 3.4 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,239140,20907462,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Decafsteak,"Where is the DLC for the season pass i bought? This game has been out a Year and we have gotten Bozak Horde (a very crappy expantion everyone hates) and a couple of weapons i could have downloaded from the modders workshop.They launched the game, sold a season pass, and released a mod rather than an expantion to the game and called it a day.I will never spend another dime with companies like this."
,Not Recommended,239140,20362671,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jäger,It ispoorly optimized for such Low end and Medium end computer's beware .
76561198081529543,Not Recommended,239140,22905574,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Aaron,It don`t work on Ubuntu 16.04 whith AMD open sourse driver.
,Not Recommended,239140,14246520,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nubcake,♥♥♥♥♥♥ port on a fantastic game.....
,Not Recommended,239140,29425195,Posted: 22 January,all,Sputnik,♥♥♥♥ diss game
76561198016615410,Not Recommended,239140,32553097,Posted: 18 June,all,trippgeorge,"I find this game to be confusing, and substandard.   Would not recommend this to anyone, not even someone I didn't like."
,Not Recommended,239140,24296427,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tchantchan,"Nice graphics, fluid gameplay, but very bad storyline. Buy only when heavily discounted, or else you'll regret it too."
,Not Recommended,239140,21065665,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,White Power,gggg
76561198086132270,Not Recommended,239140,19365906,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LeanBean,This game hardly runs. It loads slow and the speech is out of place. I want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund.
,Not Recommended,239140,32827288,Posted: 26 June,all,Alle090,"This game offers a long gametime with repetetive gameplay, an unpolished Parkourmechanic that ♥♥♥♥s your every move and a story that you easliy forget.Sure, co-op is not bat, but it dosent weigh up the bad gamemechanics that sometimes... often occur.."
76561198129599086,Not Recommended,239140,32773153,Posted: 25 June,all,hitsu,for the first time i like this game then i buy all the dlc and this is all i got??? after 84 hour gameplay my save is gone and now i must repeat again???
,Not Recommended,239140,32846255,Posted: 27 June,all,Familiar,Every time I play this game I feel like it's unfinished.
,Not Recommended,239140,19928648,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Snake,"Maybe one day Techland will learn how to code an engine that's optimized for PC. Dying Light is not using that engine.Drops below 40 fps on 900p and a number of settings turned off or lowered, whenever you have a longer view distance, on an R9 380 4GB."
76561198050616392,Recommended,239140,14190188,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sasparilla,"Dying light.. on my own a game I never whould have touched, I""m no fan of zombie games I picked it up as friends of mine had been planning on playing it online together and in the end I was the only one of us with a copy. Rather than let the 80$ I paid for the ultimate edition go to waste I decided to hell with it I whould give the game a shot. (how I wish steam had the refund feature that orgin does) It started out as many games do with my mid range rig with a bit of stuttering that soon righted itelf when I tuned the game all the way down, and to my suprise the game still looked amazing. It's parkour system took me a few tries to grasp and from what I have played you character runs out of combat stamina on pretty much every swing but soon the game started to make sense. I've had no crashes bugs or stutter yet but I'm not that far into the game yet. overal a fairly decent game while I didn't see anything new and revolutionary in its gameplay or mechanics its a pretty solid take on the tired openworld/zombie game type, well worth the money if you are interesting in this sort of title."
,Recommended,239140,14191197,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,jopey the cottonstroker,"2/10 didnt get what i expected. was hoping to get a game about repairing light fixtures, instead got one about zombies, but the 60fps is cool i guess"
,Not Recommended,239140,14213473,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MrVikingHD,very good game they need to sort the crashing out on coop :(
,Not Recommended,239140,14200845,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kiefmeister420,"Great game. Love the gameplay, love the story so far (wow such mystery), but performance is TERRIBLE. I have an AMD Radeon 7700, 8gb ram quadcore i5 @3.3ghz, and this game runs like crap. I have EVERYTHING turned to lowest possible settings (and textures are locked at medium for some reason, go figure), latest driver updates, and I bounce from 20-50 fps. I can run battlefield 3 at high, for ♥♥♥♥s sake. This game is poorly optimized, and until Techland adds support for AMD, I'm not going to play anymore. Fix your game, pls."
,Not Recommended,239140,14211880,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SneakyJoe.ru,"Can I get my money back?LAGS!Every game with Nvidia workshop, or however this is called. Lens flare, rainbow outline and LAGS. Thanks, Nvidia.Let me quote Linus Torvalds:- Nvidia, ♥♥♥♥ you!__________________It uses only 50% of my videocard's power and only one core of my CPU is fully loaded. Thx for optimisation!"
,Not Recommended,239140,29717538,Posted: 5 February,all,Aliandris,"One of those games that promises fun, teases you with fun, and has all the makings of something fun...but just ends up being tedious, boring, and bad.Then they released an expansion that ignores the entire parkour aspect of the game and replaces it with a bad driving simulator.Overall disappointing and frustrating."
,Not Recommended,239140,28467034,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,No_Name,"Dont get fooled by those screenshots, you need to buys different kinds of dlc to play like that and it cost♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money."
,Not Recommended,239140,19903110,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fury,"On a Core i7, 8Gb GTX 560M this game is not playable :(When buying the game they could have been a bit more clear that apparently you need a very fast GPU to play this game."
,Not Recommended,239140,14194403,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Simbiat,"Visually it's great. I am not a fan of controls, though: I believe it's not really convenient to run always holding left stick (I use gamepad) and using RB instead of A to jump.Now... Comparison with Dead Island. There is actually one main difference between the two: level of seriousness. Dying Light takes a realistic-ish approach. Whole atmosphere is made to make it feel as real as possible: zombies are few compared to Dead Island, they are a bit more sluggish, but yet more bulky, you can feel their weight when hitting them. The colors are more grey, making the world look sterile and lonely, while Dead Island was bright, reminding you, that a few hours back it was brimming with life.You also get into zombie fighting here, when other are fighting it for a long time already. Dead Island showed the start of infection, lack of knowledge and skills. Dying  Light, shows what becomes of such fight in a few months, when it becomes a routine. It reminds me of Metro and S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games in this regard.But then there is a dissonance. Secret agent infiltrating an organization on the matter of (yet?) incomplete cure? Come on, they all need the cure, so any concerns regarding it should be discussed openly, no? And where in real world does a noob prove himself in an organization as if it's an old-school RPG?Overall, if you prefer a post-apocalyptic zombie game with a serious look and can ignore some minor issues with the story and story-telling - you may try this. If the above does not really appeal to you, skip. I am skipping it, because I'm just not in the mood for such seriousness at the moment."
76561198127672793,Not Recommended,239140,14198557,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Vana,"Massive FPS drops, on my GTX 770, and cutscenes drop down to about 10 seconds per frame. Tried tweaking settings all over to compensate and help FPS, but no luck... using latest drivers, and everything, it's disappointing. Spent about 3 hours trying to get it to run any kind of smoothly, with no luck. Coop crashes constantly within about 2-3 minutes. Besides the awful performance issues, the game seems like it's a lot of fun, the parkour seems fluid, and combat seems pretty cool.I was a big fan of Dead Island games, but for now, with all the performance issues and multiplayer crashes, I can't say it's worth it till it's patched"
76561198172292598,Not Recommended,239140,24037122,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SharkAttack!!!,i hate this uptdate
76561198051378252,Recommended,239140,14189549,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ChimmyChunger,"great game, but in some area's it lags a fair bit"
76561198010090170,Not Recommended,239140,28579316,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Antiks,Game has a decent crafting system so that you can hold interesting looking weapons while you run away from everything. If you enjoy running away from things this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,239140,23491757,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Juhiss772,Tuli vaan ♥♥♥♥♥ fiilis.
,Recommended,239140,14191683,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,OG $WANK,"How do you unlock the Play as the Zombie Mode, I preordered the game yet I don't see the opinion on the main menu."
76561198026546604,Not Recommended,239140,32747009,Posted: 24 June,all,Phyrexia,it was fun for a moment but not as fun as i anticipated. Controlls feels bad and using a joystick is just bad overall.
76561198115652654,Not Recommended,239140,23693907,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,lingonworrier,Has _anyone_ been able to make this c??p work on Linux+Radeon? Any suggestions wellcome.
,Not Recommended,239140,33862746,Posted: 28 July,all,Bumblebee,"I got the game for supre cheap on a steam sale, and I'd say it was worth it, but don't buy at full price.-Stresses running away from enemies instead of fighting them, which isn't for me-horrendous mission pacing-boring characters-absurd difficulty curve halfway through the game-uninspired special zombies-combat far too easy in some regards and far too challenging in others-bad responsiveness and lack of depth to gunplay+short loading times+fun DIY crafting+hunkering down for the night to evade night zombies is fun+climbing and freerunning is smooth and well-polishedIt's got a little something for everyone, but if you are starting to getburned out by zombie games, skip Dying Light."
,Not Recommended,239140,14244428,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dex,I Do recommend this Game even if I thumb down!I have a really good PC and I have my setting to the max same any other game I play. But when you move your mouse quicky the FPS drop so low even if medium I have fps issue. I dont want to play the game on low when i have a op pc...so Wait for Update or for a sell because of that fps things
76561198340397662,Not Recommended,239140,33643434,Posted: 18 July,all,originalcoolx,"I feel like playing a good survival horror game. I bought a survival horror game. I can't play my survival horror game because  it runs at 15 fps on the lowest settings. **** you Warner Brothers, and oh, while your at it , up y@@@ @@ too, Techland. You people owe me one of two things. A game optimized for P.C. or my money back, and I paid the money to play the game. Sooo many thousands of people, now hating Warner Brothers and Techland now. Unless you release a free patch ******* fast, I will boycott all of your work in the future. What was the enhancement? A frame by frame video game?"
76561198020675807,Recommended,239140,14200809,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jazneo,It fun open world zombie adventure. it play like mirror edge with fallout rpg element
76561198015105256,Not Recommended,239140,14191658,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LogNberry,"I dont think Ive ever been this teed off with a studio/publisher before. I cant be the zombie because I didnt give you money for your product before it was released? wtf is this garbage. if you were looking forward to being the zombie and having fun stalking players, fat chance only if you pre ordered before its release."
76561197974749569,Not Recommended,239140,14273776,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,III./ZG76_saipan 17,nice graphics but couldnt pass the training..avoid and save your money
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,239140,18829436,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",TOO SCARYITS NIGHTHELP
,Not Recommended,239140,31601068,Posted: 7 May,all,IKill4Fun090 #GoneRogue,This game is broken AFStill fun to play after 1064 h (including PS4) Lmao
,Not Recommended,239140,32680290,Posted: 23 June,all,ⒷⓇⓊⒸⒺ ⒻⓄⓇⓉⒺ,"Decent game, but it constantly crashes on new hardware."
76561198168144318,Not Recommended,239140,28450484,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MAKARNA,game is cool but full of bugs too ı alwyas see a survivors go in to the ground or some think like that graphics are good but i dont think this gome is worth to that money
76561198079983064,Recommended,239140,14190379,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CabbageTickler7,this is dead island mirror edge edition i like it up to now but OMG my AMD FX8350 AND R9290X tanks bad this game is not well optimized
,Recommended,239140,14190377,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sherponie,"It's the-floor-is-lava, but with zombies. I also stole a pipe right in front of a merchant and sold it right back to him. 10/10 worst game ever."
,Not Recommended,239140,21135361,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Son of Woden,"Worst game i have ever played. the controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the sotry is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,239140,30091866,Posted: 21 February,all,Red_Rover,meh
,Not Recommended,239140,19399627,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ShoT,this game is for casual plebs
76561197960619553,Not Recommended,239140,17822694,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Silent Tristero's Empire,Arent people sick of zombies yet?
76561198139227668,Not Recommended,239140,28863709,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jln9301,"would be great if you could actually play it, if you have intel graphics in your mac you're just screwed. POS only supports AMD R9"
,Not Recommended,239140,26742750,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,LivingLitch,Jumping around is kind of buggy. It can be hit or miss to grab a ledge. I cleared a few areas only to turn my back for a second and get mobbed by zombies. I cleared a fenced in area and it respawned rapidly.
,Recommended,239140,14194810,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BReeD,10\10
,Recommended,239140,32128705,Posted: 2 June,all,<EdgeCrusher> [GTribe],"When I first played this game, I thought to myself ""Oh it's like Dead Island."" True, like Dead Island, Dying Light is an open-world survival horror, zombie FPS, where the goal is to scavenge for materials to create tools or weapons in order for you to survive. But the similarity stops there. DL is so much more intense and broad than DI can ever be. The campaign is so engaging that I took my sweet time in finishing it. I prioritized side quests and exploration rather than finish the whole thing. Currently, I'm at 76 hours and is about 70% completion rate. I am not much into multiplayer action, but when I do play, I make sure I get involved in Night Raids which are a lot of fun, especially if you're the zombie! This game should be in every Steam gamer's collection. Highly recommended,"
76561198143257798,Not Recommended,239140,16057559,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,not gay but a dollar is a dollar,"this game is so broken.-after you unlock the tackle and stomp the only point to weapons is special enemys.-after you unlock the grappling hook there is no point to any parkour, in a game about parkour.-the games storyline is almost worse then cod. you get in, you get wounded by the bad guys. the good guys help you and lose someone. then OMG SPOILERS you kill the bad guy in a quicktime event.-crane is stupid, (spoilers, if you can call it that.) at one point he refuses to give up one person to get months worth of the antizin.-human enemeys are stupid. if they can't see you they will walk up to you doesent matter if you have a gun.-enemeys have no ammo limit, or a clip limit. but they do reload when crouched, because reasons.-you can't fight more then 1 votile, or they will jump on you forever.-you can't fight online as human, or you will get tackled forever.-you can't fight online as zombie, or you will be chased forever.-your weapon is ineffective so fix it. your weapon is broken, you cant fix it.-the world is made of 85% dudes.-humans wont die if you shoot them in the body 12 times.-i have to admit multiplayer is good, so good thousends try to join your game repitedly so no one plays online-you can last without antizin for years, unless the story decides it doesent want you too.-there are about 200 zombies in the generater area and 150 in a house if you're doing a mission.-shotguns are the weakest gun in the game, doing about 1/4 a dmg of a pistol.-zombies are not just your avarage pushovers, unless your in late game. then you can one shot everything.-the the main bad guy has about 1000 man and not 1 wanted to betray him, even if he randomly shoots everyone-in the end the it is revealed that the bad guy is gay, and has a wrestling fetish. and he wants you RIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW.-crane can throw half a ton rebar about 15 meters, same with a knife.-the entire combat system is M1M1M1M1M1M1M1M1M1M1M1M-crane can destroy a ♥♥♥♥ing skull with his elbow-this game dead island, but better graphics and parkour, or how i like to call it, climb mechanics-THE ♥♥♥♥ING BRIDGE PARKOUR-there is no ending.-if a anyone touches a spike with their toes they die instently.-you are the only man that did ANYTHING in the entire game-on some computers the game will straight up not work, and i don't mean bad computers, i mean there is a chance the game will simply not startthe list just goes on, to sum it up-the combat is not fun, in a game thats all about combat-multiplayer is stupid and you should not waste your time gettin rekt-im fine with not extreamly realistic games, but crane can survive a 20 meter jump with a roll-crane is the retartet (damn you steam) hulk-if a modder added climb mechanics to dead island, he would get the exact same game as this-the game can just not work and waste your moneyi wasted my money on this game so you dont have too."
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,239140,35080724,Posted: 20 September,all,Le Cid,"I like the setting and overall style of this game, and running/jumping around the city feels good, but combat is a big turn-off as far as I am concerned. Even though it's great to have a game that doesn't provide you right away with assault rifles and rocket launchers, having to bash a zombie's skull in with a pipe for half an hour before it finally dies makes me want to bash my own skull in with a pipe, and I'd rather just stop playing."
,Recommended,239140,35457106,Posted: 3 October,all,BearOnCache,Nice
76561198390445487,Not Recommended,239140,34216792,Posted: 13 August,all,Should've got the mince,"This game is frustratingly janky. Turn on the transmittor? Well if i could climb the blatant ladder then I would. But no, they make you scale a slanted pole and parkour over the edge for absolutely no reason. F this game"
76561198043423527,Not Recommended,239140,14193549,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mephistopheles,Helpful if it worked.
,Not Recommended,239140,34782564,Posted: 6 September,all,TigusVidiks,"Bought the game full price, a couple of weeks later The Following came out, and soon after a Dying Light Enhanced Edition with The Following included. Without The Following, it's near impossbile to find others to play with, and the fundamental aspects of the game were rebalanced for it's incusion. As I don't have it, it always seems unbalenced to me. In short, payed full price for a game that was awsome for a couple of weks, then broken. Tried to restart playing it a few times after, ended up giving up and never touched it again."
76561198085128071,Recommended,239140,14190318,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ch33s3ydude,Its.... Its mirrors edge meets dead island and its beautiful! :D 11/10
,Not Recommended,239140,32125861,Posted: 2 June,all,B〄F Altonator,"Dying light is a rather unique mix of parkour vs zombies.The freedom of this game is amazing, spiderman could have a rival.If you are playing this game single player i can't recommend it. It's too unforgiving.The game plunges you into a fistfight with bandits really early on. Trust me, it's no picnic.Every zombie takes about 100 hits to kill if you are low level, get used to just running past everything.Oh and you'll probably see the ""you are dead"" screen a lot too.You will get the best experience out of this game if you play co-op with friends.You won't instantly die in co-op mode and you can be revived for no cost.So grab some friends and enjoy.For the reasons stated above i can't recommend this game.It's enjoyable yes, but some parts are extremely frustrating in single player. Especially when you are forced to kill something to proceed.Go co-op or go to another game."
76561198088807522,Not Recommended,239140,33429035,Posted: 10 July,all,Heresy!,"It is fun for a while until you start noticing how bad the moving around the map is ledges you just so happen to miss even if you jump straight into them, buildings you can't climb, sometimes it won't slide, the graphics seem to get worse each time you play it, you see snow when it's dark the snow you see on tvs so it's really♥♥♥♥♥♥they should fix that"
,Recommended,239140,14190685,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Vurusgard,"well i've only played this game on my laptop for a little while. here's my opinion in three simple words:BUY. THIS. GAME.you can run freely.you can DROPKICK zombies OMFG.you got some sweet turkish food ( i found halva and baklava so far)have i told you that you can DROPKICK zombies? it' like jackass all over. ""my name is kyle crane and welcome to jackass!""my goodness i've been waiting this game for so long 1 year ago. totally worth it."
76561198166160750,Not Recommended,239140,33956030,Posted: 1 August,all,^5Banana man pvpro.com,i did not have sexual relations with that zombie!!
,Not Recommended,239140,25234384,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Santiago !SATILIK HESAP! !SALE!,I Regret I Bought One Of The Games.
76561198003912335,Not Recommended,239140,33934477,Posted: 31 July,all,Colonel Panic,"If you like games where every boss fight basically strips you of everything you've worked hard to acquire, this game is for you, freak."
,Not Recommended,239140,26187200,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mr. Bitchez,"they took the original version of the game off steam and put this version up for full price again, now you have to pay for the dlc even if you didn't want it"
76561198131692818,Not Recommended,239140,15993912,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,assassin976,want refund
,Not Recommended,239140,30885886,Posted: 1 April,all,Slab SquatThrust,I hate the super zombies. Why.
76561198088850825,Not Recommended,239140,14250121,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KarmaKills,"If u buy this then u have been robbed.This game is Dead Island Riptide  but bad graphics and a horrible story....plus weapons are lameeeeeeeHate myself for buying this costly game.Trust me its crap compaired to Dead Island Riptide, I own both gamesI should know"
76561198015241679,Recommended,239140,14190660,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hailee Steinfeld,This game beats potatoes
76561198047743983,Recommended,239140,14189417,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Suicidal Cookie,zombies. cmon son.
,Recommended,239140,14189727,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Cryo'sBad,Fun Game
76561198028214185,Not Recommended,239140,23802706,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MacKnife,"Severe motion sickness, invoked by this game.The worst I have ever experienced in any game, on any medium, in over 30 years of gaming. It makes me sick for hours, with just a couple of minutes of playing it.Within minutes of playing with even slow paced movement, for me it is unbearable. I'm not epileptic. I have tried every graphics option, but to no avail. Too bad, 'cause it all looked nice enough.This is definitely the worst gaming experience I ever had. Some people may not have the same problems, or less severe, but this effect scares the crap out of me. Can't recommend."
76561197990418741,Not Recommended,239140,32342926,Posted: 11 June,all,improwise,Could have been great but I just find it boring and pointless. And I do like FPS and killing zombies.
76561198070566001,Not Recommended,239140,34674049,Posted: 1 September,all,mrevil,Paid 60 bucks for a game that lasted 3 days. Not even 100 hours!!!-Good gameplay-short stroy-Gore3.5 stars out of 5
,Not Recommended,239140,33104602,Posted: 1 July,all,Zephyr,The mechanics in this game do not flow smoothly and the melee is just another game trying to force melee combat down your throat when noone seems to be able to make a decent melee combat style game. The zombies are way to over powerd and the living npc's are nearly impossible to do anything about without a gun. I'm basically forcing myself to finish this game at this point because of putting the money into it rather then enjoying it.
,Not Recommended,239140,32904188,Posted: 27 June,all,Kurtlonewolf,Barely made it through the tutorial. The responsiveness on the mouse seems off during the gameplay and during the menu screens. The dialogue feels forces and the characters are just terrible. Got to the first parkor tutorial. The responsiveness on the controls just wasn't tight enough to make it enjoyable. Spent most of the time trying the same jumps over and over. Definitely wouldn't recommend.
76561198003388501,Not Recommended,239140,18159879,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,rehgn3,Spent first 30 minutes learning how to jump. Not my kind of game.
76561198268795032,Not Recommended,239140,26123414,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Schnizzle15,i reccomend the game but thats stupid because i cant even play it!!! when i start the game its just a black screen i can hear it but i cant play it please make a patch ive uninstalled it and reinstalled it 4 times and it still dosent work please make a patch for this!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,239140,20289010,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,btango,"Dont buy this game (just yet) its laggy for anyone who gets it, tjhe only way to prevent lag is changing the settings to the worst and its still laggy for me (i have a high end pc)"
,Not Recommended,239140,30950524,Posted: 4 April,all,demyurge,"Horrible game. Uses all of the Ubisoft tropes. Generic places, generic loot scattered all around the map, endless parkour...Even on normal every single zombie takes a dozen hits of a fully upgraded melee weapon to kill. It's not challenging it's tedious. The combat is extremely repetitive and zombies keep coming endlessly. Even when you think you killed them all and can finally lockpick that door, another one spawns right behind you.A pointless, boring, repetitive and frustrating game."
,Not Recommended,239140,28406460,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,John Madden,"Hotline Miami showed us in 2012 that loosing can be FUN if player is not punished for loosing with delays before starting again, and yet some ret*rted game designer desides that punishing players with delays before restarting challanges and breaking flow for them is ok in Dying Light.Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this good (in other aspects) game."
,Not Recommended,239140,22340342,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,"Probably worst game ever baught, it should be re named to parkour day and night."
76561198103822906,Not Recommended,239140,14264675,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MegaDump,"So much hype.  I was so exited for this game, just to get it and put it at quickest settings and still be laggy as a beta game.  Request a refund and get it on XBox"
76561198015489639,Not Recommended,239140,35393840,Posted: 1 October,all,KhorneFlakes,"Terrible saving system, breaks your immersion to hell and back.Parkour is decent, it works, but no more than that.I just can't get immersed, have to say this game just isn't for me, which is a shame, because it's a pretty thing to be sure."
,Not Recommended,239140,26281279,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,A Pile of Owls,"Remember how Dead Island was a dumb frustrating pile a crap that occasionally broke out into a few minutes of fun? Imagine that, but just change nothing. It's a shame because the fun moments are really fun, but so many gameplay choices that were made are just bad. A few examples- Playing solo and die during a mission after killing 2/4 guys? Meh, there's still only those 2 left, just keep throwing your corpse at the problem until it goes away.- On that note, death really has no meaning in this game. I set the game to the hardest difficulty because I was hoping for some intense zombie action, but like with Bioshock, it doesn't matter how hard the enemy is, when you get infinite respawns with minimal penalties (only losing Surivor XP, which is incredibly easy to get back) nothing has any threat anymore.- Playing 'Be the Zombie' for the first time? Enjoy fighting 4 people with auto shotguns! Not sure if this mode ever has more than one zombie player in the match, but if not I have no idea how one would deal with being perma-stunned by 4 shotguns/UV lights- Zombies are attracted to sound, right? That's why when you shoot a gun, runners will start coming after you. So why is it that if there's an explosion way in the distance, the runners still come after me? Shouldn't they be heading to the big bang a mile away?*Spoilers* I think the prime example of how the devs didn't things through was the fight against the first Demolisher. Now, I understand that this was supposed to be a tough fight. You've lost your gear, your identity is blown, your ♥♥♥♥ed, and now here's this big♥♥♥♥♥beast covered in armor that you need to kill. I loved it. Until I died. As usual, I lost an insignificant amount of exp, then respawn. Now here's the problem: the Demolisher's health was restored, which is fine, but the machete, the only weapon worth a damn I have available to me still hasn't had it's durability restored, which is not fine. I had to run around, grab one of the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pipes laying around, quickly disassemble it and repair my machete. Playing on the hardest difficulty, it was pretty easy to get one hit by the bugger, and I get that it's my fault for choosing that, but I beat him with probably under 10 hits left on the machete and 0 repairs left, and had I not won then, I'd essentially be getting punished for trying too many times by being forced to use weapons that deal a fifth of the damage of the machete. I could write another paragraph about how dumb the escape sequence was after the pit, but I think my point is across.All in all, I've had some fun with this game. I enjoy sneaking around shooting arrows at zombies, and if you can get the game cheap or find a friend willing to play it with you, go for it. Other than that, skip it. There are a thousand other shooters out there, and plenty of them are zombie games more worthwhile than Dyling Light."
76561197970524443,Recommended,239140,22828357,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,HooksGURU,"What a riot!First person zombie smashing action with a unique and wide-open playground, multiple weapon options, multiple environments to traverse, and an attractive design direction that keeps you engaged.It is one of those games that feeds you what you want, and when you are full, it gives you another helping for good measure.If you enjoy zombie shooters, zombie survival, or just want to blow off some steam; you owe it to yourself to pick this one up.The developers behind the game handed out a free Enhanced Edition due to the overwhelming positivity of the community. When is that last time you could say something like that? Support these guys, they are a rare breed in today's industry."
76561198134660613,Not Recommended,239140,14200630,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Thedestroyerofkeys,OH MY GOD I SEPENT 60 DOLLARS PREORDERING THIS GAME HOPING THAT IT WOULD BE AWESOME WHAT DO I GET A LAGGY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I SHOULD NOT HAVE TO HAVE A SUPER COMPUTER TO RUN THIS GAME OR SPEND $660 DOLLARS TO GET A DAMN GRAPHICS CARD SO I CAN PLAY THIS GAME WITH OUT EXTREAM LAG IF YOU JUST WANT TO PLAY A GAME WITH OUT SPENDING MONEY ON YOUR COMPUTER DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
76561198106184208,Recommended,239140,14189309,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Prince_Shinigami,So far so good. love the game only got to play it for an hr or 2 need to sleep. i did notice some lag issue or frame rate drop. im guessing thats on my end? idk if anyone else is having the same problems but im sure they will be easy fix. good game cant wait to play more!Edit: this game is still so much fun. ive fixed my issue by taking off the Nvidia features in the settings and lowering the view distance. i hope a patch will come out soon to fix this. this game is amazing very well made aside from the lag issues people are having as well as myself. this is a game ment to be played with friends lol night mood is so ♥♥♥♥ing scary.
76561198187222678,Not Recommended,239140,35484258,Posted: 4 October,all,lcg,"Don't buy the MacOS game, it freezes within the first seconds of gameplay. (Imac 5K, Sierra.)"
76561198007485943,Not Recommended,239140,33095638,Posted: 1 July,all,Mrs. Pancakes,"This was on my wishlist for a long time and I finally decided to pick it up over the summer sale. I wanted to like this game, but I just can't.Things about this game that suck:1. story2. characters3. enemies4. combat5. combat6. combat7. the combatThings about this game that are ok:1. free running2. game performance (my PC is relatively high end but nothing special anymore)Things about this game that are good:1. Literally nothingI don't have any issues with crashes, optimization, or anything like that; the game runs fine. It's just not fun. The story is stupid, the characters are stupid and annoying, and every mission is just a glorified fetch quest.All you'll meet is a series of NPCs who want you to do everything for them, a villain you've seen a thousand times before, and a hero who's just an idiot.Honestly, I can get past all that. I don't expect complete originality in every game I play. This game tried to be original with the parkour and free running, but the novelty there wears out in a hurry.The biggest issue I have with this game is the combat. It is truly terrible. For the most part you'll fight either basic slow shambling zombie enemies, or human enemies. Occasionally there are faster zombies who can also run and climb, spitter zombies, zombies that explode when you get near, or larger thug type zombies. None of these enemies are even the least bit fun to fight.Even the basic zombie enemies have ridiculous amounts of health. I get why this is, you need to fight to increase your combat level, but even 10 levels in (of about 25 or so) I still have to hit a regular zombie about 10 times in the head with a hammer to come close to killing it. Hit a zombie in the side of the skull with a big wrench? It will keep stumbling toward you and either stagger your or grab onto you. It takes nearly endless beatings to kill even a single enemy often times. You'll wear out all your combat stamina multiple times fighting a single enemy. And now that you're done with the fight, guess what? Your weapon is broken.You can apply this same formula to every other zombie you fight. The zombies are easy to run away from, but if you play the game like a free runner, you won't increase your combat level and won't be able to fight when you need to.Combat with human enemies is hands down the WORST PART OF THIS GAME. Combat with other humans seems to be based almost entirely on luck and not at all on skill. Probably around half the time I swing my weapon at a human enemy, they will simply block it. There's nothing you can do to stop them from blocking. This wouldn't bother me all that much, except there is NO WAY FOR YOU TO BLOCK THEIR ATTACKS LIKE THEY BLOCK YOURS. You can eventually craft shields  but they are 2 handed pieces of equipment that do not help at all. You can dodge by jumping backwards about 8 feet, but then you're too far to attack again and make any use of your dodge. The other half of the time when they don't block your attacks, they will simply dodge them. And when I say they dodge your attacks, I do not mean they move out of the way; they simply perform a dodge animation while remaining in place and your attack does nothing. Even if you swing where they are, if they perform a short animation, then your attack was worthless. Combining these two things, it's often almost impossible to actually land consisten hits on human enemies. All you can do is swing your weapon and hope the game lets you hit them while wasting all your stamina. But say that you do manage to nail a bandit 3 times in the cranium with a reinforced crowbar. They don't care at all. They don't stagger or stun at all. Even if you manange to land good hits on them, they will still strike back with a quick kick or uppercut with their weapon with no delay. OK, so let's try to step back and use throwing weapons. You can craft items like throwing stars to deal ranged damage. It's a cool idea. So you chuck a throwing star at a bandit. Guess what? He parried it. He parried your throwing star using a lead pipe like he's Geralt from the Witcher. If he didn't parry it, he simply dodged it. If you think there's a way for you to parry an enemy's thrown weapons, then you obviously didn't read the rest of this review.Finally, guns. This game has guns in it, but not like you'd actually notice. They are nearly impossible to find, and even if you do find a gun, you won't find any bullets for it. But even if you've got a gun and ammo, it's still not worth using. Loud noises attract the fast zombies, so every shot just means you're going to have deal with 5 more zombies than you started with.I would not recommend this game to anyone.tl;dr this game is trash and no one should play it"
76561198004816392,Not Recommended,239140,14233838,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Darth Derpy,"I guess I should've researched more before pre-ordering, but I'm not satisfyed with my purchase.I'm going to seem overly critical but keep in mind we've had quite a few ""zombie"" games come out recently, so I'm going to be harsh or even heartless.Gameplay: 1/10Graphics: 3/10Story: 4/10When I looked at this game, I thought it was going to be a world-wide post-apocalypse zombie world where a few rag-tag bands of humans are trying to survive. This was especially the case when I saw a gameplay trailer where someone from Dying Light was playing, or at least commenting on gameplay, and the character ran by a building where a girl or woman was screaming. Single player character and single NPC, not many people around, and the city was worn and deserted. This was not the case. In fact, only one city in the entire world is plagued by undeath, and somehow the zombies are contained within just that one spot. I do like the thought of at least one nation's military being competent (since most ""zombie"" games, movies, and shows somehow depict them as so incompetent that shuffling zombies overwhelm them), but I don't like how it's just one tiny area. A virus can spread quickly, and they usually spread like wildfire due to them not being generally recognized and that they only really take place when someone dies. But away from the story.When I think of a zombie game, I think of something where each and every decision matters, where a single item or decision can mean the difference between life and death, or even barely surviving or surviving and prospering. I also think of zombie games as being replayable, but also having a very long first play. Games like Contagion are great, but their initial lifespans are very short, and replayability is very limited. So seeing how Dying Light is basically Far Cry gameplay with Dead Island inventory and gear (I really hate the fact that a solid metal pipe can somehow only hit zombies ~25 times and then break. Extremely stupid and destroys the game immersion) and zombies. I played enough of Far Cry in FC3 and FC4, and didn't take to Dead Island as mentioned in parenthesis. In short, gameplay is straightforward, bland, simplistic, and unrealistic. It's also extremely annoying how the ""smart"" zombies come at you in groups of six or more the very first time, and evading them is damn near impossible. You're shoved against them with no experience, no tutorials, no explanation, and no defense, while they are faster, can beat you in melee combat, and seem to have a crap ton more life than you.But the story had a fresh moment. Is the story great? No, not by a long shot. The story is as predictable as it is slow. You spend the vast majority of your time moving or dealing with zombies, and thus very little of your time is spent immersing yourself into what story this game has. I really thought this game was going to be great by how it started, with being mugged by three guys and being bitten immediately after, but was quickly disappointed within thirty minutes after the initial bite. Typical girl saves you, brings you to a small group of good guys fighting to survive, and you have to fight the bigger group of bad guys while fighting mindless zombies. How many times have we had that? Too many times.The only ""good"" zombie game we have is Minecraft. It has a very good replayability capability, and does actually have some survival focus to it, although the game is very easy. I've yet to find a good zombie game that is actually a survival game.Lastly, graphics. I don't have a low end system that can't handle games, but I don't have the absolute top of the line system either. I can run the Crysis games, multiple Eve: Online clients, and all of my other games on maximum settings without any issues. Yet I can't even run this game on lowest settings and hope to get 60 or better FPS. I know it's just out, but at least Far Cry 4 didn't lag with its graphical issues.I'll not be buying other games from Techland until after they have been released and I have seen a good portion of each game's gameplay."
76561198017552531,Not Recommended,239140,14290419,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Genociide_ csgoroll.com,"bought this game hoping i would have fun, and the game wont even launch.  The game crashes when i try and launch if anyone knows a fix for this i would appreciate it"
,Not Recommended,239140,19397964,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,unclepeyj,"No.This is a game that I thought that I'm gonna like because of the fact that it has parkour and zombies in it, both of which I love. The story starts interesting, but then the actual gameplay hits me. Hold left thumbstick to run??? Why not just left trigger like every other game? Every time the boss told me to run, I was worried that I couldn't make it!For a mission they give me a few firecrackers to get the zombies away from where I was supposed to do something. First firecracker, did nothing. Second one, a little bit more towards the zombies, some of them got interested and moved a little bit. I throw all of the crackers (10?) and even then most of the zombies were still were where it all started! I tried to kill them, but it was really futile. The whole game after this just went really frustrating and/or boring for me. The parkour also felt more and more frustrating/nauseating to do with all the zombies coming at me.Log story short: It's not something for me, and by my experience I can't wholeheartedly recommend this game to other people. I can see that a lot of people enjoy this game and I'm sorry that this review is offending them ;) so try it for yourself and if you don't like it, you can do a refund like me.But for me, the vote stays as NOT RECOMMENDED."
,Not Recommended,239140,32479035,Posted: 16 June,all,Cassia,unable to play on Mac with my nvidia card !
76561198061445883,Not Recommended,239140,24052982,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,r93k,Really badly optimised for PC.
76561198056030823,Recommended,239140,14402832,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Vodka Molester,Nice it has zombies and I think that's a fresh idea
76561198043325489,Not Recommended,239140,34222924,Posted: 13 August,all,Stavinsky,"Ok, a friend of mine offered this game to me some months ago.Today another friend finally persuaded me to give it a try.After almost 4 hours of playing, I definitively can't recommand the game toanyone.Here are a few of the reasons :1) The game has too many ""cheap"" bad mechanic that are mixed with bugs thatrender the whole experience a pain more than any 'fun'. One exemple is the'breakable' roofs. Having the same exact looking roofes reacting differently isnot helping the player plans a travel. Thing get worse when the roof that'break' under your feets don't let you 'fall' to the floor under, but teleportyou 'over the street' (some 20m away) and drop you among a horde of zombies. Andwhen that happen in the Tutorial, then something feel 'wrong'. Another is thespawn of zombies that appear in your back when you cleaned the whole place in aclosed area.2) Change in Mechanic for no reasons : You can jump and climb a lot of places,but suddenly in some 'quest area' you reach a point where you are unable toclimb the exact same looking 'structures' just because ""Boss Fight"". Never agood thing to design some area that look like they are 'normal' but the normalgame mechanic don't work there.3) Bug in quests : In 3 hours we did hit 3 bugs in quests, the 2 first made thequests impossible to validate, so we 'swallowed' it and cancelled the quests. The3rd was a bit more problematic, as it was the Radio Boys. After the fight withthe boss we found all the needed pieces to get to the 'top', only to find outthe passage is bugged. No way to climb. And the only way to escape the wholebuilding is to use the Grappling hook. As a lvl 2 Survivor player that's not anoption, so the only way to 'escape' the bugged quest was to leave the onlinegame or die...4) Bug with the zombies 'reactions' to distraction : Being forced in an areawith 41 zombies, and supposed to use ""distraction"", I found out that the zombieswho are ""just too far from my position"" don't react to distractions, so even ifI throw firecrackers, the zombie near them don't react to the sound. The worseis that once the firecrackers finish to distract, the zombies do walk back totheir starting position, defeating the whole  effort.5) Wanting to play with friend, mean you are forced to do the Tutorial and reachthe first 'sleeping', never fun when you are forced into some 30+ minutestutorial just to be ""authorized"" to play with friends online (they went as faras disabling the invite friend to game from Steam until the tutorial is'finished'.)6) Last but not least, after the Radio Boys bug, my friend managed to get out ofthe building, but died outside from a fall. I just left the game, and tried tojoin back. The result was not exactly what we expected. As I ended up 'starting'in the Countryside area instead of joining his game (as if starting a new gamemyself), and he ended up losing his character progression fully, having his maincharacter being fully reseted. That kinda made it for us.So all in all, after close to 4 hours of trial, the whole experience was notsomething of a 'fun time', but more of a sum of frustration. As much as I canenjoy a good parkour game, or a good 'survival' game, or even a 'messy hard tosurvive horde of zombies', the whole time passed in game did only leave a sourtaste in my mouth and got me coming here to post this review.Edit :I know I only played 4 hours. But when hitting major game breaking bug while doingthe tutorial, and encountering bugs that were refered to the devs since January2015 and that are as severe as Reseting your whole Characters progressionto lvl 1 without any reason, and other such 'not fun situation', then the gamedeserve a Thumb Down.And yes, I tend to come and warn customers when a game is not worthto be bought. That's my right as a customer"
76561198079454060,Not Recommended,239140,30042291,Posted: 19 February,all,Spoopy,My computer exploded
76561198149637613,Not Recommended,239140,29652922,Posted: 2 February,all,POPE,I got this game for mac and had to refund it because it didn't even work...
76561198117493074,Not Recommended,239140,30394072,Posted: 8 March,all,SereneKiller,"I didn't play single player much, but multiplayer these days is nowhere to be found.  Can't even find 1 other player to verse most of the time.Aside from that it is a fun game..."
76561198033329869,Not Recommended,239140,29562606,Posted: 29 January,all,adriand666,"Graphics and trailers look great. But the game is full of tedious jumping around, trying to make different ledges etcIf you find the tedious jumping around nor for you then the game is dead as it cannot be played without jumping through these tedious climbing hoops.Very disapointing, could have been a great game."
76561197992970282,Recommended,239140,14205207,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Denny Crane,"You can move and jump like those kids who acrobat around walls and roofs, and you can kill Zombies (mindless Democrats). The ""graphics"" look spectacular. Denny Crane."
76561198056185709,Not Recommended,239140,32611366,Posted: 20 June,all,Red Thunder,"Soo flipping overrated, its decent i guess but id get a refund if i could"
76561198090696285,Not Recommended,239140,34383894,Posted: 20 August,all,MYINSIDESHURT,This game is running like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my PC. I know for a fact I can run this♥♥♥♥♥♥on Ultra and get max frames but it's so ♥♥♥♥ing choppy and slow that it's unplayable. I tried to play it agian just now but it's stuck in the pause menu and when I unpause it it goes right back to it. This is ♥♥♥♥ing trash; I'm getting a refund.
76561198132072129,Recommended,239140,35503404,Posted: 5 October,all,bio,h
76561198024558019,Not Recommended,239140,14234307,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[ALL5] F N A,"Currently, not so good. Need optimization. My PC handles most games at max, still this lags and tears at min.I can tell I would like this game if it didn't run like garbage... I'll revise this if it gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,239140,14298464,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Improven,"The simple fact that I do not meet the system requirements, and therefore can not launch the game is VERY DISAPPOINTING.  I can't even return it :(!!!"
76561198096914137,Not Recommended,239140,30266234,Posted: 1 March,all,McFroyo,"It's a fun game WHILE IT LASTS. They did not add enough side missions and other things to do in the game which forces you to do the main story line, which doesn't last very long at all. And once you're finished the game there is nothing left to do but start all over again which wasnt all that fun in the first place so I wouldn't recommend"
,Not Recommended,239140,14221922,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jimmy Russell,I thought it was Mirror's Edge 2. 0/10
,Not Recommended,239140,30872621,Posted: 1 April,all,X-Cooling,Linux users be warned.. This game does not work with MESA 17 and above.
76561197988411653,Not Recommended,239140,23293057,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,spooker,Excuse me but i dont see any more fun of this ♥♥♥♥ing game on invasions the NH is litterly 15 m away and he clawes
76561198110157140,Recommended,239140,14189461,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,92 минуты ИЗИ✞,что делать у меня перс не ходит (((
76561197970683990,Not Recommended,239140,23742834,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dorque,"Controller mapping is bizarre, unusable, and un-remappable."
,Not Recommended,239140,30932925,Posted: 3 April,all,Left of Zen,"This game is a poor console port and was not designed for PC in the slightest. The controls are sluggish and menu nagivation is a nightmare.The actual game itself has this ""crafting system"" that basically equates to ""your weapons break after killing 2 zombies"", and in a zombie apocalypse there are more than 2 zombies. Some people may like it but I think it's absolutely terrible and extremely frustrating. You need to keep searching for components to repair your weapons which detracts from the game experience and atmosphere.I think this game could be kind of fun with a controller, but unfortunately with mouse and keyboard it's just terrible."
76561197989560282,Not Recommended,239140,35280161,Posted: 28 September,all,mureesh,"If you think you want this game, you probably don't. It's yet another open world slog through zombies where you power up your character. Which is fine and dandy and senseless. But then there's the ""Boss"" fight design where they will always take away ALL of your items and pit you against a giant behemoth of a blocking machine so that the fight is an endurance battle to see if you can manage to dodge enough to score a few hits and whittle down his hp without dying to many times yourself.Additionally, the final boss fight is a QTE. ♥♥♥♥ YOU GAME DEVS. Stop putting random stealth into non stealth games, stop putting QTEs into non QTE games. You suck, whoever approved these fights suck. If you had anything to do with the boss fights or final boss fight, you should leave the gaming industry and save us all from your awfulness."
76561198168047825,Not Recommended,239140,14213930,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gonzoh (2),Ok so i buy the ultimate edition and i download the game its all fine and on the tutorial holy♥♥♥♥♥♥high settings 50 fps and when i go outside bannng 25 fps WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ TECHLANDFPS DROP SIMULATOR 201510/10
,Not Recommended,239140,25931812,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ReissyBoi,"As the successor to Dead Island this game is actually much worse.I feel like I'm forced to do everything, I'm told to do this (pointless) task for little to no reason for a very small reward. Why should I bother other than gaining xp from you?Combat is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, why do some zombies/humans take 20 hits to the head before they die?! It just wasted all my durability fighting one enemy for a full minute with, again, no reward or meaning. There are no hp bars to tell you how tough an enemy is or If it's close to death or who should you prioritise 1st. There's no point in fighting zombies/humans unless you're told to or an objective is surrounded by them. You're better off running along rooftops or straight past them to get to your destination.Weapon repairing is also ♥♥♥♥ing dumb! Why do most weapons only have 3 repairs before they're fully broken? My most valuable and damaging weapon is now worthless and I'm forced to scavenge or buy a new one. You also need to scavenge for metal parts to be able to repair weapons, why?! I DON'T WANT TO FEEL FORCED TO DO ANYTHING! Dead island just required you to have money and find a workbench and you could repair the weapon as many times as you want, you could take it to the end of the game if you wanted to!Currency also feels pointless in this game, the only things you can buy are weapons and crafting materials, but all of the weapons cost a fortune and aren't even any better than what you can find in a random crate! The crafting materials can also be found everywhere.NO FAST TRAVEL?! wtf?! I'm constantly finding myself needing to travel across the whole map just to get to a pointless quest for xp and money and I just can't be arsed. Can we not have a fast travel from one safehouse to another? I don't care if i dont get agility xp I just want to get to my questAfter reading some reviews and finding out thatthe end game boss is a QTEI have no incentive to play any more. Now unfortunately I can't get a refund because 2 hours gameplay is not long enough to determine weather or not you like the game enough because yes I did enjoy the prologue and 1st couple hours of the game, after that everything felt like a grind. I'm just glad that I brought the game while it was 1/2 price, I'd hate to be the guy who paid full price+dlc"
76561198258151838,Not Recommended,239140,28504553,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,stevevolnutt,"The game's combat system, looting, field of view and a lot of things are just generic with the looting system combined with the movement will just give you a throbbing headache. If the view from the character wasnt so unstable to show of the ""new generation"" with a bit less of the parkour mechanics it would probably work.The game is bland is just a dead island copy with some annoying features so it sucks.The game will give you a headache with the parkour combined with the boring and forgettable characters which have no depth or story as they will just tell you what to do to progress with the story. There are a few side quest but its just so bland its usually just like the fake antizin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I cant bring myself to play the game any further as this can give you quite a headache even when im trying my best to have fun.For around 60 USD not worth it but if you want a headache and a lot of what the ♥♥♥♥ moments go right ahead and suffer.♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,239140,33951853,Posted: 1 August,all,MissingLemur,"It's like a less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dead Island. The developers clearly spent a lot of time on the parkour aspects of the game, but very little on the combat. Immensely frustrating at points, as well as glitch filled. Of the time I spent playing, about 2% of that was during game nights, they were legitamtely terrifying, mostly because of the broken combat and the fact that you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3/5 stars."
76561198134324368,Not Recommended,239140,32762146,Posted: 25 June,all,alen,"la berdad esta muy confuso el jueguito, deberian saltar menos los monitos.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGGAAAAAAAARRRRAAAAA esta..."
,Not Recommended,239140,29891929,Posted: 12 February,all,daughtermurder™,just let me play the game cutscene of duty influence is very apparent
76561198114121163,Not Recommended,239140,32747282,Posted: 24 June,all,Kiwi,cant finish it. try to run across the crane at the end and my person is to slow. Just a giant loop hole
,Not Recommended,239140,32548940,Posted: 18 June,all,MafackaXx,"Parkour is great, the rest is complete♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198046815582,Not Recommended,239140,23301677,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,JyeGantic,some zombies have way too much hitpoints now and just break all ur weapons
76561198090618898,Recommended,239140,35458893,Posted: 3 October,all,Doodle bob,gud gaim
,Not Recommended,239140,34521961,Posted: 26 August,all,deltamage120,i bought it but i cant download it
,Recommended,239140,14243542,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ojab,Dropkicking Mario Simulator 2015.
,Not Recommended,239140,34539298,Posted: 27 August,all,serith78,"This game is a step backwards compared to the Dead Island series.   There's a difference between adding parkour to the game and forcing it down player's throats at the expense of combat.   Character felt way weaker then in Dead Island games so you're forced to run/hide instead of fight, nevermind the timed parkour sections in the main story.  Trailers and such felt like a cheap bait and switch tactic ""look at the cool combat and gore"" without mentioning how weak the character is at combat or that your game progression is dependent on parkouring."
76561198016318508,Not Recommended,239140,31032700,Posted: 8 April,all,BlueMask,"Story mode is good, but for zombie mode - dislike."
,Not Recommended,239140,33257123,Posted: 4 July,all,Papa Kurwa,mehh
,Not Recommended,239140,29327582,Posted: 17 January,all,GBowTheKing,Can't kill anything in this game unless you want to use a very limited supply of bullets or hit each zombie 20 times before they finally die.
76561198151261837,Not Recommended,239140,33164676,Posted: 2 July,all,Azia.Scyther.G2A,U need a beast pc to run this thing
,Not Recommended,239140,21114996,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lemoe,"As of right now I do not recommend this game. I pirated it to try it out, and I liked it so I bought it on steam. I guess the up-to-date version of the game is broken, because it sends my CPU temps to 105 degrees Celcius before crashing the game within 5 minutes of starting up. Other games run fine and don't melt my CPU. I use a GTX 970 and i5-3570k.I'm talking with the developer's tech support right now, but if I can't get this problem fixed I'll be returning the game."
,Not Recommended,239140,32787789,Posted: 25 June,all,ddowling01,"if you like freerunning, this is the game for you. If you like zombie killing, this is not the game for you."
76561198295324652,Not Recommended,239140,35480729,Posted: 4 October,all,ILOVEGAYS2,please fix the game the.....I HAVE SUPER KICKS and im not having fun with this.
76561197972413713,Not Recommended,239140,30570326,Posted: 17 March,all,nooblets,"YEARS ON and they have still not fixed the 1080p screen res problem!When the game came out, if you set the screen res to 1080p everything would look low res and blur, more like it was on an upscaled 480p setting.The only way you could get 1080p to look as sharp as it should was to play the game into WINDOWED MODE.Years on and the devs still have not fixed it!"
76561198030949941,Not Recommended,239140,29454595,Posted: 23 January,all,compusa_tekguy,"This game looks Awesome ! That's the end of what's good about this game.It plays horribly. Everything about it is just ... wrong. I love zombie games and own many of them. This is pretty much the worse in terms of fun. It's not a ""it's too hard"" issue, I love the game State of Decay, much harder and a thousand times more fun. Dying Light just has crappy combat, horrible parkour controls, the whole concept of what the designers think a zombie game is about is flawed. Finding loot isn't fun, fighting isn't fun, leveling your character isn't fun, crafting isn't fun, etc. etc. Fun, it's not fun at all!If you like zombie games stay clear of this one, if you must have serious eye candy try something else. You have been warned !"
76561198034797004,Not Recommended,239140,28766674,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,kenxdd,"many cheats, which ruin the story"
,Not Recommended,239140,26081274,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Goric,the thought of parkour and zombies sounded great but to me was very dissapointing
,Not Recommended,239140,28641851,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dan Lwo,♥♥♥♥♥♥ story and boring gameplay mechanism.I tried to give it chances for all the positive  comments here but after 5 hour I had enough. Never going to run it again.
76561198021471400,Not Recommended,239140,25372093,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ZESMA,"Game gets really repetetive, and the weapons are boring overall, game can be really frustraiting in the begining when it takes 20 hits to kill one zombie and your weapon breaks when u hit a zombie like 5 or 6 times. and you need a beast PC to run the game, no really good optimization was done here either. just stick with dead island and forget this game, maybe if it goes on sale it would be worth the buy."
76561198032044535,Not Recommended,239140,25909179,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ehhy Maciam !!,The game is fun. BUT THE CO-OP IS BROKEN. FIX IT DEVS. I pay good money for the game and could no longer join my friends session.
76561198057822506,Not Recommended,239140,25918837,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Derk,"The world is awesome. But otherwise the gameplay is really boring. Basically you go to point A, then to point B and then point C. And then - oh no something went wrong! Now you have to go to point D.  Right now I'm stuck at picking a lock. Its a game filled with zombies and the most difficult thing I've had to do in 4 hours is pick a ♥♥♥♥ing lock. Not only is this boring but it just isn't fun.Some visual annoyances like over exagerated head bobbing and swaying - its like you are a drunken sailer on a sailboat at sea. When you kill a zombie you get blood on your EYEBALLS that you can't blink or wipe off. So you run around with blood splashes on your screen.Excuse me while I uninstall this crap and go play something fun."
,Not Recommended,239140,33812438,Posted: 26 July,all,Professor Kek,"The game was good at first. First time playing it, it was really fun, but the second time playing it, it started to become annying and unbearable to play. When you hit a zombie, It always come towards you and hits you, and the fast zombies hit you twice and you're instanly down.I would give this game a (in the begginging, a 8/10) but at the second time playing it and on a harder diffaculy, I'd give it a 1.5/10. Don't waste your 60$ on this crap."
,Not Recommended,239140,14212678,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Elson,"Go to your Kitchen and get yourself a butter knife. Swing that butter knife 10 times.If you are wheezing and tired after such an ordeal, then you are the Tier 1 Operator Protagonist of Dying light.If you think continuing to give into the demands of a pyschopath after he failed to live up to his promise 3 times, and witholding medicine for actual civilians, then you are qualified to be the boss of Global Relief Efforts!If you climb buildings slower than Nathan Drake, Faith, and Ezio Auditore, and have a mind boggling hard time climbing rocks or cliffs, then you are a Parkour master.If you enjoy endless puns, jokes, and non-jokes (insert non-joke joke here), in your item descriptions along side a serious story about Desperate men, grieving women, and children dying, Then Dying Light is the game for you!I rate this 3 out of 5 Crunchy Turds, cause the rest is diarrhea.Addendum: The final boss is a QTE against a one handed man with a knife. Take that as you will."
,Recommended,239140,30969415,Posted: 5 April,all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"My specs: 16 Gigs RAM/GTX 1070/Intel Core i7-7700k 4.2GHz running the game at 4kThis is the type of game I don't usually play but this one looked good and the game play story was fine enough for me. I don't like games overly complicated. The parkour aspect is not something I need or want but after getting use to it I guess it will grow on me. I don't like to be rushed through open world games. I am an explorer and love to take in my surroundings and feel immersed. Overall, I don't see anything wrong with the game. You can see a video below in 4k and I thought it crashed but Steam overlay lagged it when I took 2 screenshots so I stopped the video there. Sorry about that. I am also not that great at these games so it took me some time to figure out some simple things. This is worth a buy especially on sale and if you have 4k looks very nice.Video here below: You may want to watch the video on my channel as for some odd reason it is always laggy for me when I watch it through Steam. It runs fine on YouTube if you have fast internet.4k - Enjoy.https://youtu.be/rhaZN3v-Pbk"
76561198074096849,Recommended,239140,23394754,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TheSenate,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,239140,34724585,Posted: 3 September,all,Yandere-chan,"I guess this is really my fault for not doing enough research, but I didn't realize this was actually just a parkour stealth game with zombies thrown in as an afterthought. Story is bleh, characters unlikeable. Thankfully, I realized how much it sucked fast enough to return it. Glad to have my money back."
76561198029180753,Not Recommended,239140,25707748,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,mmx30714,"Is Dying Light a good Zombie game? Yes. Is Dying Light the best zombie game out there? Definitely not.What you need to understand is before there was Dying Light there was Dead Island, and then the publisher authorizes another studio to make the sequels, which should have been your first clue as to how the original game goes. Now Techland couldn't let such a good zombie IP go so easily, which is why there is Dying Light. Now to be fair, Dying Light is a much better game compare to the original Dead Island. The parkour system is a must for the kind of zombie game Techland is trying to achieve, the story is much better than the original Dead Island game (which isn't saying much because the story of the original is basically nonexistence). but on the other hand still isn't all that well written or paced compared to series like the Dead Rising series. The bad guys isn't as complex (i.e: flat) or memorable like Vaas from Far Cry 3. So in summary, had Dying Light comes out before those aformentioned games then it'll probably be okay, but since all those other game comes out Dying Light will inevitably get compared to those before it and in comparison, Dying Light's parkour system isn't as good as Mirror's Edge. It's story isn't as good as Dead Rising, and the Psycho villain isn't as interesting as Far Cry's villain.Another thing I wanna complain about is the fact that boss encounter is annoyingly predictable. Every time the game strips you of all your inventory and you'll have to use whatever equipment the game throws at you. Which I find really annoying because if I grind for a powerful sword or something, I wanna get the option to dominate the boss I fight, even if it means the game become less challenging. And I want my game to restore my inentory after I'm done with that segment. In the final boss fight, you don't even get to use your equipment because the last fight was done completely in QTE.TL;DR:  Dying Light is a good game, but not a great zombie game. Don't get it for the full price but maybe for 50% or 75% off."
,Not Recommended,239140,28812672,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,YoBoyRizzy,Must complete prologue before you can play coop. -10/10
76561197974551228,Not Recommended,239140,26443663,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,xsmotex,gets very repetative and this is not a survival game as much as it is a running back and forth with really buggy jumping sim
,Not Recommended,239140,29203931,Posted: 12 January,all,- > ADK <-,"hi everybody,.............plz read full then leave the comment, ty alreadyfirst of all i dont recommend this kids gamethis game is combination of dead island + evovleif u enjoy survivor horror game, plz just play dead island, u can play with anyone online and enjoy completely.BUT in dying light, there is some players who play as zombie and can kill u with just 1 click, yea 1 ♥♥♥♥♥ click, and wtf?at night everything go wilder, its ok, but wtf that players play as zombie and kill u with just 1 click, also u didnt know how they spawn, wow omg, why developers build it like this?btw if u want play srs with zombie play dead island and if u want play as zombie and hf play evolveat last i have to say gameplay is good but what else....?!!! 0.ographic: 8/10gameplay: 7.5/10online: 1/10story: 8/10ENJOY: 3/10 (ofc u have to be new in this such game to get 10/10 LOL)"
76561198066994169,Not Recommended,239140,30887686,Posted: 1 April,all,urandom,"While the game does look great, unfortunately it thinks I have a microphone, and for some reason the developers have decided that a non-existent microphone creates a lot of noise for the zombies to follow."
76561198296345129,Not Recommended,239140,23147575,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vette_Mafia,"Ridiculous game, watch gameplay before buying. it is nothing as i expected, 30 mins of gameplay and the intro is garbage, graphics look nothing like portrayed. Dont buy this. save your time and money."
76561198061855829,Not Recommended,239140,18165214,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Babo Doucette,Garbage
,Not Recommended,239140,24284380,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rowlio102,SO SO SO... SO BAD!!
,Not Recommended,239140,18159433,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,CCD Robin,"I disliked the Hunter mode or what it was called, it was so bad that I didn't even try the story mode or whatever it's called."
76561198099908990,Not Recommended,239140,23625065,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Highlord,"WORST ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROLS! Better to play this on console than PC. Not to mention lack of tutorials, oh and did I mention that for some odd reason that human AI can block and dodge most of your attacks as well. Then there is the ridculous range of the zombies grapple. Only great thing with this game is the parkour. Other than that, its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy when its on sale."
76561198010827924,Not Recommended,239140,31948634,Posted: 25 May,all,Santino,Far too many bugs.
,Not Recommended,239140,31639802,Posted: 8 May,all,Ni,OVERRATED
76561198019457556,Not Recommended,239140,25951020,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,haik,"Head bobbing on, no option to turn it off.Makes the game unplayable for me."
,Not Recommended,239140,23158426,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Bobjoe3636,do not even buy this on sale
76561198040312525,Not Recommended,239140,28424204,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,k.linzey,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥and glitchy, 0/10 would not recommend"
,Not Recommended,239140,30928578,Posted: 3 April,all,Fifty Shades of Gandalf the Grey,"I literally forced myself to like this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Combat is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. It's supposed to feel better after you start developing your character. Well it does not. It's not fluid,it's full of bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitboxes. The boss battles against big zombies are plain♥♥♥♥♥♥ The difficulty is♥♥♥♥♥♥and etc. I can talk for hours about how unpolished this game is with the goddamn bugs,glitches and random freezes and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's just a better dead island and Dead Island was ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I afked while making dinner and that costed me my ♥♥♥♥ing refund. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game.Summary:The game is generic as ♥♥♥♥ nothing special or new and the exsisting♥♥♥♥♥♥works barely."
,Not Recommended,239140,30911803,Posted: 2 April,all,de1eet,Cant turn off the uber annoying Community Event msg without going offline? roflrefunded in a second
76561198038655995,Not Recommended,239140,28689829,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CovetingKnight,Made me angry
76561198231132392,Not Recommended,239140,25957536,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TimKrueger14,"The game has an awful mouse lag. I have looked and tryed several things online but nothing will help. I cant even play the game, and am curretly trying to get my money back"
76561198195552263,Not Recommended,239140,32421211,Posted: 14 June,all,Aidan C-137,its not working for me it wont let me on to the following
76561197977460761,Not Recommended,239140,32438201,Posted: 15 June,all,itsmerob,"Could not get this game to work on my pc. Serious FPS issues and lagging, stuttering. It's a common problem judging by the  forums. Tried numerous fixes, but nothing worked so have asked for a refund. Pity really, because it looks like a fantastic game."
,Recommended,239140,14190345,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,«[~じゃがいも~]«,10/10  i wont survive the zombie apocalypsestart of game tells me not to shoot gunfires my gun and thugs get rekt
76561198130290100,Not Recommended,239140,25533255,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Teddy_Pineapple,"Really slow and boring gameplay, i have a pretty standard gaming computer but still it´s lots of glitchs and having problems to save (i had to play the first mission like three times)  wouldn´t recommend on pc atleast. 3/10"
76561197965048448,Not Recommended,239140,33154164,Posted: 2 July,all,Mung,Game sucks
76561198291472228,Not Recommended,239140,35098527,Posted: 20 September,all,canadian_apex,GOOD GAME BUT DONT BUY IT FOR PC!! it worked great no problems for the first hour i owned it the it just started to freeze up and no its not my pc im running an i5-6600k @ 4ghz and a 6gb 1060 strix with 8gb g.skill ram all drivers are up to date and im not over heating cpu temp never goes above 40c and gpu never higher then 45c the game simply dosnt like to run end of story!!
76561198017357297,Not Recommended,239140,34841150,Posted: 9 September,all,ricks000,dislike you have to follow a set path no way to skip forward
,Recommended,239140,32380456,Posted: 12 June,all,RuskoDisco,": : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,,..\: : : : : : : : : : :'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-.,_...\ : : : : : : : : : : :\: /: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “,: : : : : : : : : : :""~,_... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: : : : : : : : :_._ : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : :”- .... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : ( O ) : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : '\._... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : : : : : : :""*"": : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |0)... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : /""""... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : ,-“: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : _="" : : : : : ',_.: : : : : : : :,-“... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: :""”'~---~”"" : : : : : : : : : : : : = :""”~~"
76561198041730812,Not Recommended,239140,35162352,Posted: 23 September,all,mahaw03,Slow boring and repetitive with a dash of lousy UI.Also lets not forget the cringe tier writing and deadpan delivery.
76561197970515822,Not Recommended,239140,26197934,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,MADdog,Unless you like to waste hours of your life away there are NO Guns you get a pipe that only works for awhile then you have to find metal to fix it all the while with zombies all over the place. They give you NO info. on the missions just go do them. Any noise draws them to you so you have to crawl all over the place with NO weapons and with No info on how ro do the missions. I came to kill not hide.
76561198066821810,Not Recommended,239140,14204554,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Delsin53,"Thought I was going to be playing a game about changing Light Bulbs, got some zombie game with parkour instead."
,Not Recommended,239140,33709744,Posted: 21 July,all,Rage,Don't buy its so bad....
,Not Recommended,239140,19338351,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HMD Destroyer,"WARNING:Do not play on any laptop, this game requires a cooled CPU, playing on a laptop will overheat your computer.Also, make sure you are using a strong graphics card, or the game will lag."
76561198213600581,Not Recommended,239140,26324596,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HanSelloor,"I can not play this game, I do not know why, Always is can not write in game forlder, and you do not have write permission. So sad."
,Recommended,239140,35457519,Posted: 3 October,all,Jackal,lelz dis game old
,Not Recommended,239140,26345232,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Haze,"♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IT MAKES ME ANGRY, SO ANGRY THAT I WANT TO KILL BABIES.. THE CONTROLS ARE SO BAD AND THE ZOMBIES NEVER ♥♥♥♥ING DIE YOU HAVE TO HIT THEM LIKE 200 TIMES. OH DID I MENTION THE CONTROLS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE?!?!?!?!??!"
,Not Recommended,239140,32616566,Posted: 21 June,all,TheSmalHobbit,"You know, with everyone talking about Dying Light is an amazing game, I was hoping for an amazing game. This game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of just game design flaws.A lot of the missions in the, uhh, ""mini-dungeons."" What the ♥♥♥♥ dude. Like how to get past the ambush in the sewers when you're going to Section 0. The game doesn't tell you this, and if you don't do it, you're dead in seconds. You have to swim to the very bottom, then go forward. The problem is is that the bullets would still ping you for damage. May not pierce through now that their is several feet of water between you and the surface. But some. NOPE. BUT IT STILL ♥♥♥♥ING REGISTERS THE HITPUNCH AND THE DAMAGE NOTIFIERS ON THE EDGE OF THE SCREEN. So as someone who never looks at the health bar, of course I'm gonna ♥♥♥♥ing panic. Didn't notice that until I died 6 or 7 times.There's a lot of stuff in this game, where you're gonna die the first time no matter what unless you're so perceptive a hawk looks like a pet that just had food thrown behind it. And that's not good game design unless it's something like the Souls games. There's also parts where you just breeze through it. And these are randomly placed throughout the story missions.Also the parts where they constantly take your ♥♥♥♥ing weapons and gear away, just so you can slowly put them all back. And those missions are only like 2ish story missions apart. That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and tedious.This game gave me stress-♥♥♥♥♥ with the sheer amount of ""What do I do, where do I go, there's another viral I don't want you"" and ""Oh good this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t again"". Competitive online games don't even give me stress ♥♥♥♥♥ anymore."
76561198080859305,Not Recommended,239140,34242429,Posted: 14 August,all,kristian.berger92,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that keeps deleting my saves and making me have to start over.Horrible game mechanics and annoying cutscenes. Stay away unless you want to waste your time.
76561197982737666,Not Recommended,239140,30911186,Posted: 2 April,all,Siphon,"Forgetable characters, clunkly free running, stiff combat and poor PC optimization.  I don't know why anyone would ever buy this game, if I could receive a refund I would do so immediately."
76561197991611511,Not Recommended,239140,35014129,Posted: 16 September,all,somthingben,Great game until it randomly stopped working on my top end mac with the most recent update.
,Not Recommended,239140,32998416,Posted: 29 June,all,Dangus,what i liked: The sattisfaction of pressing the uninstall buttonwhat i disliked: everything elsesack of dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198347416531,Not Recommended,239140,35157194,Posted: 23 September,all,YOUNG BLOOD,"I purchased this game and the graphics were really bad,the controls felt slow no matter how i changed the settings"
,Not Recommended,239140,30519175,Posted: 14 March,all,Guntario,"I'm not sure why, but I really didn't enjoy this game. It seemed very generic. I guess it's probably something with the game engine, as I didn't really like Dead Island either. It started out decent, but ended out feeling like FarCry 3 with zombies... and parkour-ish action. If you think parkour is running from zombies and grabbing a ledge. I didn't really feel like it was parkour. And the fighting zombies part was bad. They're ridiculously hard to kill, and the weapons break way too fast, forcing you to keep really close to safe houses. I forced myself to play 6 hours. Can't continue."
76561198343883738,Not Recommended,239140,28796461,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ASSTON KOOCHER,its good game
76561198071121399,Not Recommended,239140,24017905,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Something incredibly funny,"Started off and the combat is rediculous, I can't connect any attacks and it was a huge dissapointment.You want to kill zombies? Play the deadrising series."
,Recommended,239140,14190322,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Boobie Pillow,BUY IT! BUY IT NOW!
,Not Recommended,239140,35484948,Posted: 4 October,all,geminidevries,"Game won't work , i'm able to walk so far and it freezes."
76561198042238818,Not Recommended,239140,14221200,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Enorats,"Maybe I'll change this later on, but several hours in I just cannot recommend this game. The story is absolutely idiotic, one of the worst I've ever seen in a game. The entire premise is just ludicrious, and not because of the zombies. The world ended because of some strain of rabies that has made people go insane.. or resurected the dead. Not quite sure there, but there are plenty of zombies walking around with quite fatal wounds that don't seem to bother them in the least. You're dropped in a city that's mysteriously made up of buildings in worse shape than the zombies, with many oddly only half constructed and the rest in a state of seriously decomposition. No idea why. You play errand boy, running around doing everyone's bidding.. for example, picking up air dropped supplies that are oddly only dropped just before nightfall. No idea why, as night is for some reason much more dangerous than day. Oh, and for some reason you don't carry a flashlight. Have fun stumbling through any dark rooms.My weapons degrade so fast most seem to disappear before I can kill two zombies with them. I've never seen steel pipes dissolve in the blood of my enemies so quickly. You'll be stopping to duct tape your weapons back together every couple kills, and they can only be fixed a couple times before they're useless. This means you'll never invest in decent weapons.. why bother, as they'll evaporate before you really get any use out of them anyway. So far pocket knifes with 9 volt batteries duck taped to them seem to do the job just fine, as they appear to conjour small lightning storms around my enemies and leave them spasming on the ground for half a minute after I hit them. Odd, that. Don't recall 9 volt's packing quite that much punch.In all honesty though, weapons aren't even really worth bothering with anyway. The zombies are so terribly stupid and slow they're no challenge to avoid and you can almost ALWAYS walk right past them without any difficutly. I don't think I've encountered a single enemy so far that I actually HAD to fight. Any that I did fight was solely by choice.The fights themselves basically go like this. Click, click. Take step back. Click. Click. Out of stamina. Walk backwards till it comes back. Click. Zombie died. Weapon broke. Loot for money that everyone mysteriously still uses despite it having no value at all.The main difference between this game and Dead Island is that this game plays more than a bit like Mirror's Edge. You can climb on literally anything, and spend your time sprinting around the city leaping from place to place. Of course, in reality this is extremely impractical and dangerous.. and nobody in their right mind would attempt to survive by acting in this manner, but hey.. it's a game. That said, you'll quickly grow tired of the camera slamming into walls as you repeatedly climb over every obstacle in the game in first person. This system also effectively eliminates any shred of challenge the zombies may have represented, as the vast majority do not climb at all and will not really react to you if you're above them. I've encountered several zombies that could climb and move many times faster than the others, but I'm not sure if this is intended or not. I imagined that such zombies would exist in the game to counter the ability to climb given to the player, but these zombies looked and moved exactly like all the others, and the game hasn't acknoweldged or explained  their existance in any way.. so I wonder if this was simply a bug.In all, after only a couple hours I'm quite tired of watching the camera climb over ledges in first person, I'm tired of waiting on stamina to regenerate every swing or two, I'm tired of dealing with the inventory system, I'm tired of spamming Q to activate my ""survivor sense"" so I can detect nearby lootable items, I'm tired of looting said items, and I'm tired of suspending my sense of reality to such a rediculous degree. Or maybe sense of reality isn't the right term. It's more the logical inconsistencies present in almost all parts of the game. People made insane by a virus is good. Zombies resurrected from the dead by a virus is good. Pick one, stick with it. If the zombies are reanimated dead that can ignore the obviously utterly fatal wounds they have.. why on Earth would a bloody throwing star of all things do anything at all to them?"
76561198224413936,Not Recommended,239140,30896171,Posted: 2 April,all,alisalek1996.as,helloi bought the game but i can't play the story mode i don't know why ?it's writtrn that i don't have the permission to play it
76561198201354828,Not Recommended,239140,32306888,Posted: 9 June,all,Drdrebra1,why is the graphics so bad??????????????????????????How do i get it better
76561198087155530,Not Recommended,239140,28738720,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,#Ricegumisabitch,Only get this game if you like severely anti-climactic endings.Can't actually kill Rais. GDE doesnt bomb village cure is made last second.SDWAAFF kills Rais. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t chase scenes at end.
,Not Recommended,239140,14431927,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dirty Dwarf,Extremely AMD-racist.
76561198298308553,Not Recommended,239140,31134177,Posted: 14 April,all,Richard Simmons,"no taiwanese flag suit, not even chinese flag sui,♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Not Recommended,239140,28919881,Posted: 1 January,all,A Ruthless Gang of Rapist Monks,Piece of trash didn't run on a machine that exceeded the recommended.
,Not Recommended,239140,27168676,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarthSuld,The best open world game.
76561198085193536,Not Recommended,239140,30480845,Posted: 12 March,all,xEvLx,KEEPS ON ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHING
76561198073326520,Not Recommended,239140,28899824,Posted: 1 January,all,Nemesis_Prince,"man I meet the max spec for this game, but still lag as s***It's a fun game, but only if you have really good computer something even better than the max spec"
76561198041885236,Not Recommended,239140,32461484,Posted: 15 June,all,Flyboy35,Some of the worst combat in any game I have ever played.
76561198054197398,Not Recommended,239140,29325962,Posted: 17 January,all,cheetahcat93,"Wow! Talk about deceptive reviews and youtube walkthrough videos. I've been deceived! This game is a piece of trash. Your character loses stamina like no other. He must have a chronic smoking problem. And his pipe weapons erode so quickly that it's done with after just beating up a single zombie out of the dozens you have around you, and yet there are so few repair parts to go around.. How is this fun in 2017 when Call of Duty games are starting you off with rifles and Skyrim has done away with that annoying repair thing from Oblivion 4? Point is that Techland has not kept up with the times. I thought this was a fun-and-bash game, but it's a cumbersome character development that is far below what you would expect a soldier character to begin with. How is it a pipe can't incapacitate a zombie? Seriously, so many zombies and I'm running away from all of them because my pipes are unable to kill them and my character is lung infected. No, no, no, this game is not up to par to the level of what I'd hope a starting character ought to be in a game like this. He is weak and so are his weapons. Tired of this development process so far in the negative it's just too old for me. I've played games like this, been there done that, this is old and I wish I hadn't bought it for an expensive $60. I'm regretful. I DO NOT recommand this game if you're a long time FPS vet like I. It will remind you of days long gone where you had to start off your character like he was just a baby out of the womb. Too old, too boring. What a waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,239140,35481475,Posted: 4 October,all,Mâ,"I have mac book pro last edition and I have the 15 inc . 3.1GHz quad-core 7th-generation Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 4.1GHz and Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB memory + 2TB disk.But this game is crashing when I am opening. then it works again but once I start the game it is again crashing.So it is not compatible. I want to ask Steam to get my money back."
,Not Recommended,239140,14213356,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sleep,"Игра ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о! Куча багов создатели ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ы ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ в конце игры фпс под 20 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥。УТЫРКИ ВОДА В МАЙНКАРФТЕ ЛУЧШЕ ДАЖЕ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ХУЙ ЭТОЙ ИГРЕ ""ИГРА ГОДА 2015"" СОСИТЕ ПИДОРСЫ"
,Not Recommended,239140,30756192,Posted: 26 March,all,Tektonic_,The final mission is limited to single player and it's the most enfuriating thing I've ever had to play through.
,Not Recommended,239140,14190050,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,vodolaz095,"It doesn't works. I recieve simple blackscreen when i try to start the game. I have AMD A8 Quad Core and Radeon HD 8750 M on Fedora Linux 20 machine, and this game simly do not works. I'll try to recieve refund for this.UPD: i'm trying to run this game on second PC, Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4210H CPU @ 3.30GHz, 8 Gb ram, GeForce 860m with latest drivers - doesn't works too. Techland, you are scammers! You have sold the game, that does not work..."
76561198041178531,Not Recommended,239140,25485432,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,General Kurama,"That ending.Puke-worthyIts like the dev's had no better idea and said, ""yeah we will go with that♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;you will be better off paying 20 wing wangs for blood and wine dlc for witcher."
,Not Recommended,239140,28893382,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Taner,Motion Sickness...
76561198038918113,Not Recommended,239140,30330782,Posted: 4 March,all,Blackheart,"MOTION SICKNESS SIMULATOR 2015An amazing combination of narrow field of view, film grain, patchy frame-rate, motion blur and chromatic aberation make this the only game in recent years to induce nausea in me within 10 minutes - everytime.Sadly the chromatic aberation - the worst offender - cannot be turned off...FWIW, other than this game, I *never* get motion sickness from video games."
76561198042565827,Not Recommended,239140,30342131,Posted: 5 March,all,MacHeath,"I like the game, but it gives me motion sickness. Hence, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,239140,30684898,Posted: 23 March,all,Higgins,WE NEED CHINESE!!!!!!!!
76561198217714727,Not Recommended,239140,30878017,Posted: 1 April,all,Stone,"i never felt motion sickness by any other games but this >,<~good to know i'm not only one, otherwise i gonna go meet some doctor >3<"
76561198139455785,Not Recommended,239140,23558843,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Not Kayhan,Dno only played 0.1 hours of it
76561198161847608,Not Recommended,239140,26273413,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lemonade3532,Dying Light is dying
,Not Recommended,239140,33063996,Posted: 30 June,all,mrveronn,What a piece of excrement.
76561198061917132,Not Recommended,239140,30861878,Posted: 31 March,all,gADAFI,дгдапр вп впрфы ва фваьа ыва вьва пьачппр чатпп ыаўдшртжрыяуверяыкпр
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,239140,24684679,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dustin,"Ahh thank you TechLand, for not only making a sh*tty zombie game (Dead Islam [Island]...sorry you Democratic as*holes)... but also making another sh*tty zombie game, what a surprise!This Polish company made so much money with Dead Island they had to hire an English translator to properly code a funtional game. Which is still just as f*cking repetitive as Dead Island.The intro is cool, although the title/menu screen is stolen straight from Max Payne 3.The parkour is stolen from Mirror's Edge.The picklocking is stolen from Elderscrolls V: Skyrim.Besides from a Resident Evil type of storyline, what the f*ck is original here!?It's bugged, it's f*cked. Never expected anything more but definitely less from these c*ck-suckers.0/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,25668256,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,jonners,Yet another zombie survival game. Tired.
76561198317990636,Not Recommended,239140,28474116,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,hkanlian,I first opened the game to see if it would work with my computer. Than I closed it beacuse I had to go somewhere. Can back and it never opended I have never had the chance to play this game. After just 10 minutes I was done went to steam support and got my refund.
,Not Recommended,239140,14190784,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Razgriz,"Dont buy the game yet, performance is garbage and it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ If they get it fixed hopefully it will turn out all right"
,Not Recommended,239140,28919201,Posted: 1 January,all,Dump Truck,"Awful game, combat is terrible and the game overall is so boring. The only good part of the game was jumping around buildings. Can't wait to get my money back. Bad game, can't see why people recommend this."
76561198013299239,Recommended,239140,14190158,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,AzgarthX,>Tough zombie game>Died during parkour tutorial11/10 Would die again
,Not Recommended,239140,22372968,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Lil C]-[ew C]-[ew is ಥ﹏ಥ,"Using this built, you can still play the full game locked +30fps to 80fps on low-medium qualities with most of special effects disabled and tweaking your gpu control panel.The specifications were used :Intel® Core™2 Quad Processor Q8300 (4M Cache, 2.50 GHz, 1333 MHz)+NVIDIA - GeForce® GTX 750 Ti 2gb+8gb DDR2/800mhz RAM. Tested in the demo.The combat gameplayis equally compared toDead Island,so the option to not engage everyone most of the times is up to player to decide.can't be compared toDead Islandanymore all because the convertion toEnhanced Editiongives the player no fun at all like used to be to cut and dismember zombies by hitting them easily so choosing not  to engage your enemies is changed due to these modifications forcing players not enjoy things like used to be.The mechanic taken fromMirror's Edgeto interact with the world still the same you will not have any difficult but maybe sometimes there will be some embarrasing moments but again this a game from same creators ofDead Island. Glitches and difficult moments in attempting to do the perfect parkour movement is not possible, because...again this  game is from same creators ofDead Island.The campaign story isn't incredible but neither fun, you can enjoy some moments but at the ending you will find out how lame it was, for example, in the DLC expasionThe Followingmay entertain the player a bit longer but by the ending you will find out.....one of the ends you will clearly notice the same ending fromDead Island: Riptidewhich will disappoint you.Beside the list of patches there were release since the game have been onSteam, I can strongly tell the only patch made be possible to play without struggle waspatch 1.6.2, after that with my PC aspects the game is running worse, there have not being made a single improvement to game perfomance. But if you match the minimum at the store page is certainly the game will run fine.My point is that the whole game is nothing less then showing how irresponsibleTechlandgame company and others are,if they can not accomplish one simple goal in their past of rightfully resolve every game breaking bug from their games, speciallyDead Island,Dead Island: Riptideand think in moving on with another title game which you see many stuff found inDying Lightwas exported fromDead Islandas an excuse for building a new game to profit fast.In conclusion, if you still like passing hours and hours exploring the fewest placesDying Lightcan provide and still wants to kill zombies, go ahead buy the game....but don't encourageTechlandby pre-purchasing or pay for full price as it is, buy with a good discount."
76561197966983580,Not Recommended,239140,35457741,Posted: 3 October,all,middlefinger,"What is this kind of ♥♥♥♥ing game... Just started up and apparently a could 1 kick kill everything, so i used 20 mins running around chuck norris style. Kicking every thing to death.. why even use a weapon.This is the most broken thing i have ever seen in a game (screw the weapons, ill shove my foot up your♥♥♥♥♥)40 mins of torture(ial) and 20 mins of kicking everything to death. give me 1 day and the city would be cleared of zombies..why would i ever be ""thrilled"" for this kind of horror action game. I got bored within an hour!just wauh.."
,Not Recommended,239140,30843765,Posted: 30 March,all,The Last Raven,"Every time I tried to sprint or crouch in the game I would clip through the map and die, making the game unplayable."
,Not Recommended,239140,23036912,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kronix,This game is just a blatant ripoff of Dead Island
76561198032188875,Not Recommended,239140,23331635,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,stevealafogg,just finished both games and i hate you... worst eding ever. 1 everyone dies. 2 you kill everyone. secret ending??? everyone dies. wtf. for the fun of this game you go and give it a lame ending like that. cars were fun ninja stuff was fun the fighting was fun the only thing that would have made it better would be creating a building or helping the group to survive etc. but to go and make an ending like that after people pay good money is just insulting. very very disappointed. dont waste you time with this game its a complete let down.
,Not Recommended,239140,32487666,Posted: 16 June,all,Spooon,"i hawte how poopy pants isn't an option in da minecraft. i mean like tim darke you know? robin is a cuul superwhoer unlike green arr. wen a sombi dies in za gam it mak lound nose. like RSUIJHGAAAAAAAAAAg. it poooooop scary. sorrie i hav gud sens of homur, it very gud unlike the gam. this gam is t spooop for me. it impoersible to beat, even on erzy. but minecrft is alwyz an oiption to prahy. santa isnrt real to. my dad told mre dat wen i was 19. i lik easting♥♥♥♥♥♥too. don't buy geame, theres no jump scars.♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,239140,26340076,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,3key,"Graphics are blurry and muddy, runs poorly on a R9 270 and I have to repair items every 5 seconds. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,239140,23952375,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ASMR COCK,this game was good for a little bit. but so was having sexual intercourse with my fat neighbor. his fat roles were more fun to play with then this♥♥♥♥♥♥mirrors edge wanna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ but if u do enjoy playing with pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥i sujest going to mathew umsons house and bitting of some of his mums lard.
,Recommended,239140,14189270,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,JustAltdorable,"Crashes my graphics drivers before I've even finished the first mission, every single time I try. Amazingly unstable.10/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,22839751,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,KindOfExcellent,"I didn't even get to kill one zombie before I quit this boring game.  I coudln't drag myself any further through the slow paced tutorial. I skipped through all the dialouge that wa s abunch of unessesary yapping. Something about it just really annoyed and irritated me. I don't know, maybe I'm just in a bad mood when I tried to play this.4/10"
76561198168981458,Not Recommended,239140,34857758,Posted: 10 September,all,Boosting Zeus for 15$,♥♥♥♥ing garbage does not run for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who made this game kys
76561198065903310,Not Recommended,239140,35460504,Posted: 3 October,all,rpassmor,"Extreme mouse and input lag. Tried everything; googled solutions. Nothing worked. Kinda sad. I waited forever for this title to go on sale, and now I can't even play it. Asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,239140,23990313,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,PJ|1337ツ *benq,sux
,Not Recommended,239140,21071899,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mem-,What the hell. I have sat here all day awaiting to download The following...... I finally download all the content and now it tells me I have not downloaded it. What the......
,Not Recommended,239140,28573578,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dumb Bunny,there is too much of the many bad eaters and they all try to get me. It is a difucult way of live. There will be time when at times the time passes and the time gets taken because you steal. People dont care though. They are easy. Sometime I hate the water. It gets splashed in my eye looker and I cant see because the blobs on my screen and it is bad. I wish the blobs would walk off of the dripper. I hate zombies so I try to stab stab stab but they always get me. How do I move if im using my other hand? Its hard to use one keyboard.
,Not Recommended,239140,23995274,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MetalxTongue,"I didn't like it, because it felt like Dead Island, but with the ability to jump and climb places. People may have a different perspective on the gameplay, but this is how it felt and I disliked playing games that are way too similar to games that I already own."
76561198088493768,Not Recommended,239140,25960578,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Jibpsy,"Techland is a♥♥♥♥♥♥company. Took them way to long to finally add an option to turn off film grain and chromatic aberration, thanks and ♥♥♥♥ you Techland. Then they add content to the base game and anyone who bought the game before hand at full price has to pay more while anyone else could just pay the original full price. ♥♥♥♥ you Techland. Finally got the Seasonpass on sale, first time I have even seen it on sale and WOW what a disapiontment. If I want to delete my ""The Following"" save, I have to delete my main game? Again, ♥♥♥♥ you Techland. I haven't even got the car in the dlc yet because I am so furious with this stupid game. I accidentally blew up a wall when taking out a bunch of guys and decided to see if reloading would start me before I blew the wall. Whenn the wall was still blown but I spawned in an area I haven't been and all the guys knew exactly where I was, high in a tower where they easily kill me tossing a grenade. wasted a couple hundred bullets, tons of med packs and lost a bunch of points because SPAWN DEATH REPEAT. What a bunch of brilliance at Techland. I have a bunch of their games but after all the♥♥♥♥♥♥with this one, I am done. ♥♥♥♥ them, I hope they go bankrupt and their families leave them. Maybe I shouldn't write reviews when I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.There did seem to be a great game but the base game got boring fast and with the chromatic aberration I couldn't play with out a mod that frequently was unusable after game updates. Support was unhelpful and seemed uninterested in my requests to add an option, and by the time they put the setting in the option I had lost interest in this game. Plus with the above issues anything good about this game seemed irrelevant. The parkour seemed cool but half the time I can't even grab a ledge I am looking at even if I am standing on the ground. Not so great when I have to press jump like 6,7,8 ,9 times to grab a 6-7ft ledge in a hurry. The graphics wheren't as good as I had hoped either. The trailer and screenshots looked a lot better than the game with maxed settings. I have only played single player so I cannot comment on the online play. I know many people had fun with this, and so did I for a while but I couldn't even get more that 22 % through the game and with the slow and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ support, Techland is not a company I will further support in any way."
,Not Recommended,239140,14189625,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,WarlordWade,Terrible 4k performance on Nvidia's newest drivers.Sli'd GTX 980's OC'dI7 2600k 4.5ghz16gb 1600mhz ramWindows installed on a SSD and games and other storage on a 10000 rpm velociraptor hard drive
,Not Recommended,239140,25189370,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,aaronshivers,no
,Not Recommended,239140,28758761,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,劳拉的丝袜[Hentai],we need chinese language！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！Chinese！
,Not Recommended,239140,30863760,Posted: 31 March,all,StuK,"Totally unimpressed by this game. The usual generic zombies, lack of a memorable story, parkour is fun for five minutes, terrible ui with the obvious console mechanics, repetitive zombie bashing as the main action in the first two hours... Glad I can get me a refund (I returned FarCry 3 too btw)."
76561198025212425,Not Recommended,239140,35489274,Posted: 5 October,all,von Unmack,"Apparently not for Macs:2017  20.5"" iMac, i7, Sierra, 16 GB RAM, 4 GB Radeon.Entire iMac enters a deep freeze right at the first scene, not even force quitting  helps me out of it and I have to pull the plug."
,Not Recommended,239140,30825727,Posted: 29 March,all,hugohectorzavala,I pretty much hate this game. Never had I played a game that makes killing zombies so boring. I played the ♥♥♥♥ out of dead island and riptide. And even though I got 40 hours of gameplay I have yet to beat the game. Played it on and off usually trying to do all the side quest. But after you leave the first city I realized this game was giving the worst headaches ever story bores me characters bore me zombies look cool but not fun at all to kill really. Also I should add I started on hard mode as I usually do with all games that allowed it. None can compare to how unfair and ruthless the game is. I cant even imagine nightmare mode. Pretty much I like killing zombies. This game wants you to run from zombies but then what's the point of making these badass strong weapons and not being able to use it. And even when you do use them the bounce off zombie as if they were rubber. Even with really strong blade weapons. Even changing it to normal couldn't save this game for me. The zombies are the main thing of the game and if they not fun they just aren't fun. I was trying to beat it just to finish it but I've officially called it quits.
76561198112938134,Not Recommended,239140,26680086,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,THE REAL PEDIPIE,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Worthless piece of ♥♥♥♥♥This game suck so much♥♥♥♥♥♥its not even funIt cost 50 euros for nothing but endless boring tutorials and parkourEverything is unrealistic and its not even funit got 1/10000 ♥♥♥♥ this stupid game play minecraft instead its much better :)
76561197976472508,Not Recommended,239140,35488638,Posted: 5 October,all,DGP2006,Difficult to review as it doesn't go further than the intro. Everything freezes on a big black screen. Mac Pro late 2013 with 32 Gg memory and plenty of space.Not recommended
76561197963489653,Not Recommended,239140,23736795,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[fb|DBK]Idontknow,just another boring zombie game
76561198028539283,Not Recommended,239140,28629849,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,www.tobiassippl.jimdo.com,"all scripted, you have to watch 10 hours of bad graphics moviesno decisions up to you, first hours are boring without any fight. just searching for objects. running arround in bad grafics, no open worldvery bad game, please dont buy"
,Recommended,239140,14189192,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SkeeSilentT,"Screw the comparisons between this game and Mirror's Edge. Dying Light is the closest thing to Half-Life 3 we're getting, especially since Half-Life 3 was actually Left4Dead.9/10"
,Not Recommended,239140,28658783,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bet,"HMMMMMMMM, dying light for mac eh? oh, nvm, i guess you do need a 4000$ computer to run this garbage. Thank god I can play the main menu!! :)"
,Not Recommended,239140,28919175,Posted: 1 January,all,Didziprip,refunded it because it was too gay for me
,Recommended,239140,14189144,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Raigeki,About 10 minutes into the game theres a man named rahim and he has to blow up a building with suicide. IGN 10/10
,Not Recommended,239140,14188927,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bionic,"Game crashed during Prologue, cannot even get to main menu now.Suggest waiting until stable. Will update when able.edit 1:It's been 3 days and I still cannot play. The game crashes at launch no matter what."
,Not Recommended,239140,30887703,Posted: 1 April,all,DerpPartySupplier,"Yet another dumb game,  let me save the trouble, poor controls, run and jump like a poor version of a 3D Mario world, while avoiding everything. SAVE the mandatory battles in which you will get ♥♥♥♥ed up in. The advertisments shows wepons, yet you get nothing but a lead pipe.  You get a pipe, Or some variation of it, maybe even a trashy sharp weapon until the game is nearly over, then you get a firearm. But don’t you dare use it or else you get mobbed-♥♥♥♥ed.  This is the second stupidest ♥♥♥♥ing game I played.If you ever played the fall-out series and got annoyed with the repair your weapon because it constantly degrades, this game has it even more so. HTF do you repair a lead pipe? Seriously?This game take all the worse elements from most games, and makes them even worse. Worse than State of DecayVery much like far-cry 3 save this is so much stupider.Delete . . . Delete .... idiots who can not handle negativity about their fan-boy-love game."
76561198088074882,Recommended,239140,14189109,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Imahero,yes.
76561197968398206,Not Recommended,239140,28520184,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Locust Star,Sounds like someone's in denial over the fact that it took them 1000 hours to beat this easy ♥♥♥♥ing game.Pretty sure I haven't even played video games in general for 1000 hours. Was too busy getting laid while you were clicking zombies heads lmao. Don't meme on me or my wife or her and her boyfriends children ever again.
76561198065318362,Not Recommended,239140,30916441,Posted: 2 April,all,d3athstroke,"This game is garbage. Steel weapons wear out after 5-10 hits on a zombie, climbing becomes repetetive and annoying after 15 minutes of playing and most important dialogue and plot are so disgustingly stupid and cheesy they could be written by 6 years old autist"
,Not Recommended,239140,35499413,Posted: 5 October,all,Goyaba,I can play because i have a mac
76561197975952667,Not Recommended,239140,30845056,Posted: 30 March,all,Dr. Emmett Brown,obviously a poorly put together port of a console game. just throws you into the game with no turorial or anything. overall just a confusing mess. save your money.
,Recommended,239140,14189027,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Eskuto,Dying Light has stopped workingA problem has caused the program to stop working correctly.Windows will close the program and notify you if a solution is available.GG. Plz fix. Luh you.
,Not Recommended,239140,35460591,Posted: 3 October,all,Sandy Beach Towel,"I'm gonna be honest, it is NOT what you think the game is... in my opinion, complete garbage."
,Not Recommended,239140,35462554,Posted: 3 October,all,DBH710,wow i just spent $60 on this game 4 days ago and now its $20 god dammit
76561198098109696,Not Recommended,239140,28891099,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Husker1337,Dude just no.
,Not Recommended,239140,32422213,Posted: 14 June,all,MAOZINHASHOW,no
,Not Recommended,239140,30848771,Posted: 31 March,all,kys,I REFUNDED IT
,Recommended,239140,14188888,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Cyb3rPunkk,soo good so far by far the best game of 2015
,Not Recommended,239140,25924523,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,디ΙάΒĻό-ಹಲೆ ︻芫,This game is SO BADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198065528781,Not Recommended,239140,35458896,Posted: 3 October,all,Alby,bad
,Recommended,239140,14188847,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,feasega,cooledit: guys pls stop downvoting me this is my honest thought about the game
,Recommended,239140,14188962,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,NANI! OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU,It's very ♥♥♥♥ing good GAME!GOTYMUSTBUY!
76561197991763078,Not Recommended,239140,30847329,Posted: 30 March,all,kennethcola,"This game is very fustrasting to play. I am a newbie on CPU games, being that I play console systems. Just the training is fustrating wtih the keyboard with all the jumping and falling! I know I can get a remote controller, but then I have to set the controller for each and every game. Then the world is so big, just finding things can be so time consuming! Give me a guide or something!! It's probably just not my type of game with all the postive.Beside that, graphics is good. Story is okay. Battles seems fun. Gameplay is okay when not lost and confuse."
76561198076129001,Not Recommended,239140,14189959,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Chris1A,this is so bad it makes call of duty look like a masterpiece
,Recommended,239140,30384804,Posted: 7 March,all,Pewagg,"This game is in my top 5 all time. The story is dramatic and attention grabbing; one that you don't want to end. Beyond the main story line the free roam is excellent. There is treasure to find around every corner which makes running through the valley of death worthwhile. If you get so entranced in the story and don't want it to end, don't worry! There's very many sidequests that are plenty entertaining. The leveling up and skill tree are not only make you stronger, they make the game more entertaining. Who doesn't enjoy running down a street, seeing a zombie, and dropkicking it into oblivion? The game continually gets better and better. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,30386786,Posted: 7 March,all,Crystal,Good game if you want  play with  friends and kill some  zombies =)
76561198125326721,Recommended,239140,30388758,Posted: 8 March,all,johncronin0721,"Great game, Decent story.  Would recomment waiting till on sale."
,Recommended,239140,30477433,Posted: 12 March,all,Rage,It was fun getting all my parkour skills out in one game.
76561198041035553,Recommended,239140,30477539,Posted: 12 March,all,Beloren,"Great game!  Super immersive first-person melee combat and parkour experience.  The melee combat is visceral and tense and, for my money, does it better than any other game out there.Co-op multiplayer is also really fun."
,Recommended,239140,21367047,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Panci Presto,"thank you so much, for this beauty"
,Recommended,239140,29269322,Posted: 15 January,all,Feinkost,♥♥♥♥ corporate life im going to be an urban monkey
,Recommended,239140,29278679,Posted: 15 January,all,darkfrog,"Though not a fan of the zombie genre, this was a pretty enjoyable game.  The story was moderately engaging and though I was ready to be done at the end, I'm still glad I played.  I haven't played ""The Following"" yet, so I may need to update my review after I've done that."
76561198313203684,Recommended,239140,29553757,Posted: 28 January,all,Jacob,GOOD NIGHT  GOOD LUCK
,Recommended,239140,29552446,Posted: 28 January,all,BigBrain,Best game I've ever played. Polska stronk
,Recommended,239140,29551710,Posted: 28 January,all,gfn,Awesome game. So many possibilities!
76561198024886758,Recommended,239140,29551844,Posted: 28 January,all,ϟKenny McCormickϟ,"Very good, best Zombie game I've played in a long time.(( Multiplayer servers are rare, though.  It's not because the game is bad, but it's because of all the people who don't know this game. ))-Please make Multiplayer popular again."
,Recommended,239140,19542006,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sneeki Breeki Iv Dumbass,"Nothing's More Satisfying Then Curbstomping And Promply Being Curbstomped By A Zombie (at 22 FPS, with 700 ping on the same continent, whilst dropping in and out of a discord server) 11/10, Would Commit Seppuku Again"
,Recommended,239140,29576442,Posted: 29 January,all,Chrissuebacca,"Best zombie game I ever played! Hands down!I played the story twice, and then some, and still never got bored with it. The following dlc expansion was also great; it was pretty much the sequel to the main game, except it felt like it took me longer to complete. Zombies, parkour and dun buggy, well it just doesnt get any better than that."
76561198129564956,Recommended,239140,29576610,Posted: 29 January,all,GenericGentleman,"There are 2 types of people in this game, those who cheat for fun, and those who cheat because holy crap that is insane to get to level 100 legitimately. Regardless it's the best open world zombie slaying game any of us will ever play. I definitely like it."
76561197982501164,Recommended,239140,14246767,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SweetAmber,"So, Dying Light.. First of all, i would like to applaus the Techland crew and also WB for creating this game.. It is definitly one of my favorite games of all times, and i have played ALOT of games, been playing since wolfenstein, it is beaten only by fallout, skyrim and mass effect series purelly for the RPG aspect on those games, which i love beyond believe..I have played dying light for about 13 hours now, and apperently i am only 15 % in the story progress.. I mean, that is amazing... SO MUCH AWESOMENESS TO GO... Games that is beaten in 10 hours or less is NOT worth the money you usually pay to play those games, unless it contains a huge multiplayer part, YES, i am talking to you ♥♥♥♥ing Call of duty..Dying light brings you a very good and rich story, beautifull graphics. For those of you who liked dead island, you are gonna love dying light. The combat part of the game is very realistic and rich on opportunities to kill some zombies in a very creative way.. The parkour part is a very awesome and easy to use. I have yet to encounter any major bugs in this game, aside from weapon dissappering some unlucky times, but the best weapons are no longer only found on mission, but can be optained while scavenging or exploring.They have taken all the best parts of all known zombie movies, tales and games, and stuffed it into one single game. Things like zombies attracted to noice (started with the walking dead) covering yourself in zombieguts as camoflauge (the walking dead) created a various number of speciel zombies and behaviors (resident evil) and so on. The night time is really awesome too, the way its shifting and the watch beeping, warning you about the nightmare you are about to face if you dont get your♥♥♥♥♥inside in a hurry (I am legend).I won't go into anymore detail, but be sure to buy this game if you like open world games and zombiegames, the world of computer games finally created a zombie game worth remembering.. :) gl out there, and remember, when the darkness comes and you are out on the street far away from a safehouse, you will treassure even a dying light..."
,Recommended,239140,29574450,Posted: 29 January,all,zterrans,"This is what Dead Island should have been.  It might be one of the best zombie games, though your tastes may differ.  You have a good functional parkour system, a nice first person camera that gets you really into the game, and AI that actually works and feels different for each class of foe.  It will be a bit of a rough start, once you begin, you will be short on usable skills, and combat may not work out for you at all, but once you start getting skill points and learning the flow of the game, you'll really start getting into it.Story can get a little cliche more than a few times, but what do you expect?  At least it keeps from going the full DI route."
,Recommended,239140,29546798,Posted: 28 January,all,Lord Skotty,Underrated.... just sayin'
,Recommended,239140,29545439,Posted: 28 January,all,Vitric,"Awesome game,Loved the story would play over and over again."
,Recommended,239140,29546098,Posted: 28 January,all,Marl Karx,"The graphics are wonderful, the gameplay is great, the voiceacting and cutscenes are great, and the duplication glitch woks like a charm. 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,20119309,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Koff,"In my opinion this is a great game ! I personally love the game about survival, and I could not miss this game in which vizhivanie perfect balance with parkour . In general, I advise everyone to buy and play At least one an hour , the game is really addictive."
76561198187673595,Recommended,239140,29540341,Posted: 28 January,all,☣ Doctor Cyanide ☣,"This is an Outstanding game, it's very dynamic and cool, the only thing i hate about it is the final boss from The Following, impossible to beat it, i personally don't like easely to pass mission, and i also hate when they make it impossible to pass."
76561197972064963,Recommended,239140,29533719,Posted: 27 January,all,Vegita,A must play game.  If you havent played....buy it now!
,Recommended,239140,29533040,Posted: 27 January,all,Nathan,This game is pretty fun and challenging. I barely see any good zombie/infected games anymore.
76561198174474815,Recommended,239140,27871657,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hovinko,"Oh, Dying Light, how I love you. I love the way you let me leap across rooftops and climb tall towers like an acrobat with endless supplies of energy. I love how I can dropkick a zombie and watch its flailing body knock over others like a fleshy bowling ball. I love looking over my shoulder as I run through the darkness, only to see a crowd of undead sprinting towards me, growling hideously and baring their ghastly teeth.But oh, Dying Light, how you irritate me. I hate you for the gunners that ambushed me as I swam underwater, because there was no way to know how to react until I emerged and discovered that I wasn't meant to peek my head out--not yet. I hate you for that time you filled the screen with so much haze and bloom during a boss fight that I couldn't see properly. I hate that sequence when you made me leap from one pole to another, because you made it hard to get a good look at my surroundings, and your button prompts are hardly generous. And I hate these moments most because your systems are strong enough to let the open-world gameplay do the heavy lifting. The harder you try to direct the action, the weaker you become."
76561198138540103,Recommended,239140,17242690,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kohai-sama,"It's a pretty good first person shooter/slasher survival horror game, especially when playing it on a lan-party! its storyline works great when playing with friends! i recomend this game to everyone who want a good zombie game."
,Recommended,239140,17243301,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Spicy Little Fart,"Dead Island 2.0 haha. Seriously though, awesome game."
,Recommended,239140,14974934,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Brayden,"Love the free roam,the story, and everything!! 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,17181143,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Chromeparty,This game is greatthe parkour is fantasticthe game never holds your habndsthe game look greatand it's just a great game all around although the voice acting and story is meh
76561198038942475,Recommended,239140,17029006,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CyberGhosT,"Very challenging and fun, I would recommend this as a plesant change of pace for most of my friends who are primarially FPS players."
,Not Recommended,239140,17208905,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Synn,"This is a really cool concept of a game that unfortunately lacks a developer capable of seeing the vision through. The core gameplay is really solid: running around the city, finding quests, grabbing loot, killing zombies, but you quickly tire of killing the same old zombie in the same old city with the same taped up stick or pipe. And if you run into a bug, issue or performance problem, don't expect it to ever get fixed(multiplayer never worked for me).If this game had a developer that would release more interesting maps, weapons and was able to actually fix the technical problems of this game it'd be a fantastic buy. But as it is I just can't recommend it at the current price point. If the game ever goes to $10-$15 then it's a decent buy. Or if the devs managed to get their crap together and put out some good content and fixed the issues, then it'd be a pretty great game. But for now I'd recommend staying away."
76561198030682769,Recommended,239140,17209515,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,weber134,"Really enjoyable game, weapon customisation is a lot of fun, story is meh but sufficiant enough to tie everything else together. slightly annoying default control layout but nothing you can't adapt to.Overall 7/10 - for best results play with a friend."
,Recommended,239140,14270839,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ARNSTRO2,Awesome!
76561198103313852,Recommended,239140,17213295,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Debo,good game
,Recommended,239140,17216023,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Bong Warrior,"Best game I've played in a long time. Spent a lot of time slaying and finding better weapons before completing the story, which is a great story line. Wished the story never ended. Hopefuly there is more! 10/10Good Night, Good luck!"
76561198026400061,Not Recommended,239140,17266347,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Knight Stalker,"I really hate ""open world"" games which supposedly provide you with all this freedom to explore, but then make you do hours of walkthroughs before you can do anything. You end up having to research the game online to find out what the tricks are to getting around the various stages. For that reason, I don't recommend this game."
76561198170153907,Recommended,239140,15534502,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MooGoesCow,"a game with lots of replay value, although it is much like dead island and the parkour is similar to mirrors edge, it is worth buying and you become more immersed in the story as you progress and gain access to the better and more powerful weapons. nightime combines high speed chases away from the volatiles and stealth in order to make it through the merciless night"
76561198120644345,Recommended,239140,17269918,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zoom,"Just brought the game for 60 dollars and now its on sale, gg"
76561198167109567,Recommended,239140,17270975,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Jernafern,really good game. story a bit iffy (main bad guy a coppy of vas from fc3) but still a well made game.
,Recommended,239140,17271684,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,< blank >,Only game of 2015 that hasn't disappointed me so far. My favorite game by far for this year as well.
,Recommended,239140,17274511,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Moff Buffalo,Spent like an hour kicking zombies into spikes. Basically everything I wanted out of Dead Island.
76561198043671770,Recommended,239140,17274690,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mutini,"Story is pretty disappointing but gameplay is fun enough.  Trying to survive out of safe zones at night is exciting.  So yeah, I would recomend the game.  Just wish the story was more interesting."
76561198273867249,Recommended,239140,21604014,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,lashakiknadze123,goooooooood game
,Recommended,239140,29479821,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr. Jefferson,Good on any platform. Wanted to get it on PC with the DLC and I don't regret it. Awesome game.
,Recommended,239140,29475222,Posted: 24 January,all,Dwreck,I really enjoyed this game. As you can see i played for over 120 hrs. I played probably 60 hours on the story alone and then another 60+ on the DLC. There is so much to do in this game that nothing gets boring. The one thing I didn't like was how you lost xp when dying. I'm not sure if this was only if you play on hard or if that's just how it is but I think that's not right to punish a player for their death. Sometimes random♥♥♥♥♥♥will explode and kill you and you get punished with an xp loss for that death. I still loved this game even thought the xp loss made me rage a lot! I'm really hope they make a second one and if they do they need to remove the xp loss when dying.
76561198138918849,Recommended,239140,29539342,Posted: 28 January,all,Someone,10/10
76561198276580839,Recommended,239140,29555662,Posted: 28 January,all,Baba2k,You are paying 50 bucks for♥♥♥♥♥♥connection
,Recommended,239140,29560211,Posted: 29 January,all,KB,"It is currently the best zombie game you will ever find. Hands down! The replayability value is insane, playing with friends is sooo good and fun! Setting the game to Hard mode is a lot of fun too and very challenging.Can't wait for their next release! Keep up the good work! :D"
76561197970527306,Recommended,239140,29558801,Posted: 29 January,all,MoehSenshi,"I really would like a ""Neutral"" rating, as it's neither bad nor is it amazingly good. But let's start off on a good foot and note the positives:-Good parkour:Parkour is very smooth and works as expected, though there isn't a real 'climb down' button. To do that you need to first fall and quicky hold space to get into the climbing position. Then you need to hit c to drop down, after which it will automatically hold onto the next available ledge. It would have been great if they actually had a proper ledge climbing like AC.-Good skill tree:I normally hate unlocking things in a B2P game, but this one is alright. I like how there's enough diversity to not feel like it's all just ""do 10% more damage"". Each skill tree levels in a different manner but when combined together allows you play more of your style.-Great gore:I'm really astounded by the detail they put into all the different skins of zombies you will encounter. It really feels as though each person was infected in a different way under a different situation, not to mention how scary it would be if you saw one in real life covered in open wounds and blood. And when you kill them, they break apart really nicely giving you satisfying visual aftermath.-Great atmosphere:Whether you're stuck inside a claustrophobic hallway surrounded by zombies, or on the highway seeing a flood of them, it really stirs a whole heap of emotion within you seeing these different scenes.-Good voice acting:I really enjoyed hearing Crane talk as well his conversations with the other main casts.Now for the bad which prevents me from really recommending it:-Bad combat:For a game that relies quite a lot on melee, it's actually quite lacking in depth. There's no directional attacks nor blocks, which makes the combat really tedious and boring. You basically have two things that you need to worry about in melee: Your weapon and stamina.Your weapon determines how hard you hit and you have to ensure that it isn't broken so it actually deals its damage. As for stamina, that's pretty straight forward, if you run out, you swing much slower. Now with these two combined means that you have a fairly one dimensional combat gameplay: keep hitting left click while you have stamina. You can bypass the stamina problem by drinking a stamina booster which gives you infinite stamina, but then you basically just get stuck with left click mania.The other really annoying thing with combat is the grabbing by the normal zombies. A lot of the time, the zombies will just ignore your attacks on them and lunge through it, grabbing onto you and biting you. At other times they might stagger but still continue forward, knocking your camera all around. The only way to interrupt them is with a kick (which you will most likely also be spamming). So from tedium and boredom, it also turns into an annoyance when you're trying to combat a bunch of them.Then there's combat with human NPCs. The combat feels similar to combating zombies but with more RNG. They will occassionally be able to block/dodge all your attacks and once you're able to hit them, they'll enter this 'unstoppable' animation where they will counter attack regardless of what you're doing to them. So the only quickfire way of killing them is with the bow or guns. Once again, tedium due to the lack of melee depth.What would have been a great addition to the melee combat is directional attacking and blocking (like Mount and Blade). Not only would this shake things up a bit, but hopefully also remove the RNG from attacking humans.-Bad 'special' infected:It'd probably be a bit more boring without them, but most of them are so badly designed that I'd rather just have a larger pack of normal zombies attack me instead. Let's start off with the biggest offender:Bomber:This is probably the worst designed special infected of them all. They basically just a 'lose some survivor points' zombie. In the open, they're a bit better as you have more opportunities to run away. But it's when you round a corner or just open a door and they blow up instantly that makes this infected an absolute nuisance. Their damage radius is also atrociously huge, where even if you're 5m away, you'll still take some slight damage. They really shouldn't be in the game and wouldn't be missed if they were removed.Goon:Basically tedious combat incarnate. They have high health, a slow attack and slow movement. Combine this with the melee combat and you've basically got cat and mouse for several minutes. They're not really dangerous, but you'll often be found having to kill them to get to an objective. And the process of killing them is basically hit them a couple of times to trigger an attack, dodge back out of range, wait for the attack and repeat until they are dead.Toad:Not as bad as the other two, but just a minor nuisance once again. Tends to annoy you when you're trying to do an objective.-OverallIt isn't a bad game, but it isn't an award winning game from me either. If they do make a sequel, I hope it'll only be a spiritual successor so they can redo the combat to make it much more interesting."
76561198011210303,Recommended,239140,29518989,Posted: 27 January,all,The Father,Its a game.A good game.
,Recommended,239140,17055594,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,imacookie🍪[眠い],I felt like this was Dead Island 2.0 but after invasion mode this game really outdid itself.Loving the new updates and content they devs keep adding.
,Recommended,239140,17067252,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,excellent
76561197973685277,Recommended,239140,16974908,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Puffo,"One of the best co-op game of the last 10 years, if one the best one. Nice story, fantastic graphics, amazing gameplay. Ultimately one of the best PC gaming experience in my life. A must have. Well done to the developers!!P.S. This is the first time I provide feedback on a game....I felt comepelled to do so because we rarely see nice games these days,"
76561198078907384,Recommended,239140,17439202,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,natetoone,"quickly played ,it was okay"
76561198062272974,Recommended,239140,17494687,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Snyxes,"I actually haven't played the game all the way through yet, and I've had it since February.  I've been doing nothing but mini-missions and a **** ton of looting.  It's so immersive and I love it.  I recommend this for sure.  Be The Zombie mode is okay, I suppose.  I'm not a huge fan and I have yet to play online with more than one of my friends.  I'm sure it's even better when you get a group of 4 girls or guys or both to roam around to cause havok."
76561198107603496,Recommended,239140,17504030,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Avihuse,Love This game !
76561197972481860,Recommended,239140,17354334,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,X_x,Wonder what this would be like as an MMO
,Not Recommended,239140,17356168,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,bake,It is an interesting concept that quickly gets old. If you are a fan of using melee weapons in first-person shooters for hours on end while constantly running out of breath then go for it.
76561198000752308,Recommended,239140,17357693,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,raging monkey,"Well simply legendary. What can I say. I liked Dead island games, while most disliked it. To say the least I was impressed.There was almost nothing I can say bad about this game.Zombies are very well done, world is stunning, parkour is great, Story holds up (barely).Must buy. Can't praise it enough. Love it"
,Recommended,239140,17307911,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Coke Ennyday,"I got This game at a pretty discounted price so i dont think it was a bad deal, but the game is really nothing special i have lots of indie games that maybe dont look so good as this but are way more fun... I would say its a 6.5/10 at best and sure go ahead and buy it to have a good time but only if its on sCheapest Cliffhanger ever!"
76561198068602755,Recommended,239140,17358832,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ol Saint Nick,Extremely satisfying zombie killingPolished parkourSkill-trees offer a lotPlay with a friend
76561198079873156,Recommended,239140,17359778,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ryokenzo,"Totally worth of buying, the limited fire arms bring more intense to the game.Also I have not played a game that gives me chills especially during night time for a long time.Glitches are updated and minor problems are fixed. I just hoped that there is more fire arms like ak 47, m4a1, AA12 or at least more melee weapons. Fantastic job for the developers, cheers."
76561198209298883,Recommended,239140,17360130,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,firebird21,"To be quite honest I'm not a computer person, so when I bought this today and waited the 5 hours for this to install I had been thinkig it would've worked fine. I was dead wrong. The game is unplayable for me so I had wasted $40 on something I hadn't thought of. I do not reccomend this to people who don't know much about computers."
,Recommended,239140,17361867,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NoBlackThunder,nothing new or fresh .. but funn .. and way more fun in coop .. can you survive the night? ..jokes aside .. this games feels like a miks between assasians creed .. dead island and mirors edge. the story is og .. not the best but not a worst ether ... the game gets realy funn when you level up and get all the skills .. very funn without beeing to over powerd closer to the endgame ... you can complete the whole campain the coop .. i got serveral times killed even tho i have like high end weapons and so on and scared even at the end ... if you look for a funn coop game with zombies then this game is funn.. in my oppinion 7-8/ out of 10
76561197971124272,Recommended,239140,17320964,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,sbeam3,"good to find the dead island franchise still alive and kicking under a different name and look.  Just gettting started but having fun so far.  Still,  hate being the lying jerk right off the bat, but not many other good reasons to jump into a zombie infested land I guess."
,Recommended,239140,17324998,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,TheBigBean,Best. Game. Ever.
76561197971289550,Recommended,239140,17326146,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,mangetout100,"I can't believe some people have written negative reviews for this game, its so much fun! Dead Island fans will feel right at home, non Dead Island fans (weirdos) should jump in and give it a go, it will be worth it. The biggest thing going for it is the freedom you have, any building or wall can be climbed, most doors can be opened.Combat is satisfyingly bloody regardless of weapon you choose to use.  There are lots of things laying about that should really have 'zombie killer' stamped on them. You can upgrade etc like in DI which will bring a big lopsided grin to most and the guns are a massive improvement on Dead Island...but lets face it ,guns cheating, a wrench is far better!You get plenty of side missions along the way, some are good some are weak and cheesy and some are actually quite funny when you complete them.I played this on a low end AMD pc and it looked and played really good even on low settings and never had any of the problems some AMD users have reported, occasionally framerate drop when plenty happening but didn't spoil anything.However there is 1 BIG problem with playing this. Maybe its just me but when I now play any other FP games when I come to a wall I find myself desperately trying to grab the top and climb up....ain't happening. Dying Light spoils you when it comes to getting around a town, no other I play can match it"
76561198115721839,Recommended,239140,17327124,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Savitar,one of my favorites.  mix of mirrors edge and dead island.  using your on momentum to kill zombies never felt so good.
,Recommended,239140,17329114,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,cwm,Parkour Simulator 2015
76561198031368544,Not Recommended,239140,17331269,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DeKomm,"Let me be clear: this is not the perfect mix of Condemmed and Mirror's Edge. Techland really dropped the ball on this game. The graphics are good, for what it is. The Gameplay is punishing, tedious and not thought through. The parkour is slow and does not flow well, whenever you fall because you miscalculated a jump or you though you could run up a wall, you fell punished. The combat, in theory, has many options but when you start fighting you realize that you have no options at all. Weapon decay is also a big issue, you have a limited amount of weapon repair and that is it. After those are spent your weapon is gone and so are all its upgrades. The whole game feel like a deliberate troll from Techland. When I play it, I can somehow imagine the Techland team laughing at me for trying at all. Stay away, at least until Techland or some mod improves this game."
76561198027387100,Recommended,239140,17104254,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Siris,"The best action zombie game, I really enjoyed playing it!Lots of fun killing Zombies. In the beginning it was very hard but as you progress you become a unstoppable zombie slaughterer.Buy it, no better way to spend your time."
76561197990466948,Recommended,239140,17108024,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Armandra,"Guys, if you like games about the zombies, you'll have to try that one. Honestly, with Dead Island, Techland put the bar pretty high, but wit this gem, they absolutely, unbelievably, reached the sun :o) It is thrilling, lots of differents and atypics caracters, it has lots of humor but also is not afraid of going into more darker places (guys who heard some crying will know). For me, it is THE game about zombies we were all waiting for. Buy it eyes closed !"
,Recommended,239140,17112215,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Swagwise Gamgee,"It's Dead Island if it was actually done right. Story is predictable, but the gameplay is worth it."
76561198064931951,Recommended,239140,17259097,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Noraa,"Fun Game, A Butt ton of stuff to do with hours of fun."
,Recommended,239140,17168698,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Oxide206,"This is a fantastic game. Just as the trailers said, it is scarily immersive.Gameplay mechanics are spot on and everything feels right. Combat is brutal. Sharp weapons cleave through zombies and using blunt weapons is satisfyingly crunchy.In my opinion, the main story isn't all that great. Its not bad at all, but I don't think its going to win any awards. This game's dozens of side quests are fanststic though. You will find yourself sprinting through the city at times simply because you're dying to know what is going to happen next with some of the side quests.As with most games, this one only gets better when you play it with friends.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14190506,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ghost,This game is literally mirror's edge mixed with farcry mixed with dead island all in a blender at once. The only reason i'm giving a thumbs down is due to serious FPS issues.... even on lowest.ALL problems for me cease to exist now that many patches have rolled out by the games dev team. This game is totally worth getting now.  10/10SpecsAMD FX-8350 4.0GHzGTX 97024 gigs RAM
,Recommended,239140,17281326,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ajax,"Dying Light was one of my most anticipated games of 2015. As soon as I got the game I absolutely fell in love with it. Sure, the story was very cliche, but was still entertaining nonetheless. I understand that Techland had to make sacrifices, and they chose gameplay over story. The gameplay is FLAWLESS. 10/10. The night hunter mode is really balanced as well, if you know how to play. Anyway, if your computer can handle this game, there's no question whether you should buy it or not."
76561198023600645,Recommended,239140,17286872,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Riceman,great game
,Recommended,239140,30514522,Posted: 14 March,all,Grokko,"I played this game for 160 hours and enjoyed every minute of it. The pacing was good, the storyline was worth following, and the carnage made it all worthwhile."
76561198064478023,Recommended,239140,16592630,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,`.`,I LOVE
,Recommended,239140,16740745,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kuuttori,"Good and very enjoying game (= ok singleplayer storyline tumbles all clichée from movies / stories and really downside... last battle with boss... what the .... it really went down to drains while fighting it... seriously that kinda gameplay isn't todays gaming),But when you forget that you get good enjoying game of open world. Not tunnel running... just pick direction and see what outcome is. Grab few friends and wait to night start!"
76561198124349932,Recommended,239140,16771479,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cipher_Nine,"This is one of the best zombie games i have ever played! Just love how graphic and gory this game is as well, from chopping off zombies heads to cutting them in half, this game is really all i've ever wanted in a zombie game 11/10 will play! Recommend this game to all zombie lovers!"
76561198166036649,Recommended,239140,16771961,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Montez,"this game looks awesome! i actully  bought it, then found out my labtop cant keep up with it sadly. Its like im playing in slow-mode so if you tent to purchase this game actully make sure your pc can handle it. unlike me, and save your self the headache and waste of money."
,Recommended,239140,16780181,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gashey J,Although this game started very poorly with low FRPS and other glitches it has slowed been mastered into a work of art! It’s a mix of mirrors edge and survivability in one and ZOMBIES! Enough said.
,Recommended,239140,16780767,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Fight Milk,You will drop kick a flaming zombie off the side of the cliff and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off as it screams while plummeting to its doom.
76561197963670909,Recommended,239140,16676731,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Don Fanucci,"The parkour is very like Mirror's Edge with a few less moves.The combat starts out pretty one dimensional and just like Dead Island but gets more diverse as you gain levels and unlock new attacks and other abilities.The level system has 3 skill trees and they all gain experience seperately so you dont have to choose between the three, you have branches within each tree to choose between. For example you can choose between extra carrying capacity or the ability to create stim pack that temporarily increase your combat prowess.The graphics are excellent, it runs almost as good on my old Core2 with a Radeon6870 as it does on my i7 with an R9.Overall this game is insanely good. I love zombie games and post apocolyptic aRPGs and Mirror's Edge Style Parkour. The combo of all three in one has spoiled me, I can't really see my ever playing a ""stuck on the ground"" zombie game again. The genre just evolved."
76561198153345650,Recommended,239140,14842927,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DatGamingWizard,I loved it and the graphics were amazing!
76561198000116811,Recommended,239140,16711905,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Epsilia,It's refreshing to get a really high-quality zombie game.
76561197992646110,Recommended,239140,16715554,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cpt. Sloth,Extreme kick simulator.
76561198095006045,Recommended,239140,16945333,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SilverTooth,This is by far the best zombie game I have ever played and it has become one of my favorit games of all time! If you dont have this game already you need to add it to your collection.
,Recommended,239140,16947578,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,j0nnnnn0,"rocks... great game, great fun, want more...."
,Recommended,239140,16951197,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Fallensoul,"I haven't been playing for as long as others but holy crap this game looks awesome, and it runs buttery smooth on a gtx 970 with i7-4790. The story feels like a natural progression with a lot of unique weapons options, and side quests."
76561198226535720,Recommended,239140,17424721,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,NightCrawlerZ69,Dying Light Is one of the first games that I am not bored of if you want a challenge play on hard and I am really looking forward to the new DLCs!
76561198043606833,Recommended,239140,17433568,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,xx2ton4xx,Pretty Legit. It's like Mirror's Edge and Dead Island all in one! I'd say you should really try out the Hunter Play Mode!
,Recommended,239140,17435779,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,McBabe,"Parcour, skull bashing, and beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some punk♥♥♥♥♥online zombie...all 100% statisfaction!!!!!"
,Recommended,239140,17436061,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Trentkm15,♥♥♥♥ing love it!!
,Recommended,239140,17383697,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Supernalgalaxy7,"Cover your eyes and just press the buy button, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,239140,17387119,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ABloodThirstyPikachu,"This game is easily the most addicting game I have played in a long time because of the movement system.The story is not amazing, but its not bad either.The moments leading up to the final boss was bad♥♥♥♥♥and easily the coolest thing ever, but the final boss was dissapointing and a QTE :/After you beat the game however there isn't much to do except the parkour and free running challenges (which I finished in a few hours tops)so trust me once you get all achievements, you will literally be modding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game find new stuff to do.could't get any games as be the zombie, so I had no one to invade....dissapointingThe dlc was actually not that bad, not exactly amazing but not bad.Bozaks horde however cool the concept, WAS ♥♥♥♥ING A HUGE♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF.TOOK ME MORE THAN 3 HOURS TO BEAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING DLC ONLY BECAUSE THE DEMOLISHER WOULD KILL ME! LIKE ♥♥♥♥ THAT!The reward however was pretty cool, BUT NO WHERE WORTH HOW MUCH TIME IT TOOK TO GET IT! LIKE ♥♥♥♥! I'M JUST GOING TO CRAFT IT FOR MY FRIEND AND GIVE IT TO HIM BECAUSE THAT WAS A HELL HOLE9/10would be a 10/10 if there was more things to do after you have beaten the game and all the challenges (like maybe re-doing the main story missions ofr something?)"
76561198026667511,Recommended,239140,17389452,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tzulghar Daemonkin,"Awesome open-world game, combining fast-paced parkour action with some gory and exciting combat! Good Night, & Good Luck!"
76561198182798162,Recommended,239140,17388528,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Auntie Fee,so i just got this game and it has just installed and i am having FPS issues. I meet the system requirements for RAM and i have the next step up on the processer (I have an intel i7 gen. 5 core Sorry i forgot to mension that i have a laptop) but for my graphics card i have a AMD Radeon and that is where i think i am falling short and haveing the FPS issue. Some one please help me. Other then that i have played this game once on my friends xbox 1 and i have loved it ever since then. I find this to be a great game but i just dont think i have the computer to run it sadly. Can i have a techland dev. help me with this issue
,Recommended,239140,17390042,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Nitrogeneration,"+Lots of content, nearly 35 hours in and only 70% through the story mode with countless side missions left+Day and night cycle is awesome, seperates it from the rest of the pack (of zombie games)+Great graphics, maybe not CryEngine 3 / UE4 level but looks great at max and still decent on low+Pretty good story (albeit inconsistent at times), it's no TLOU but surprisingly good for a zombie game+Parkour and freeruning is great+Night Hunter invasions-Subpar optimization, inconsistent performance (drops to 40fps on an R9 290)-Some missions are hard without co-op"
,Not Recommended,239140,17390295,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Aroject,"So, at the time of writing I only have about 20 hours on record and it is unlikely that will ever change.I want to start of by saying that I very much loved this game and enjoyed playing. However I can't recomend it to most people. Everything was going great, story was good, and running for a safe zone while crying like a little girl before night hit was a super fun game mechanic. So where did it go wrong?I'll tell you. The first time the game lost a lot of its value was the first time I got a gun. I didn't get it by progressing in the story or earning it at the end of a long quest. I got it by exploiting the glitchy enimy AI. I accidently wandered into some bad guy safe zone that was significantly higher lvl than I was and had no buisness being in. I crouched behind a desk inside a storage container and waited as they walked in 1 by 1 and stood there while I smacked em about 50 times to kill them. After I got the first rifle I just stayed in my little spot for a bit and killed about half the camp. Then I decided to go out and see if I could find other ways to gltich the AI into delivering me more rifles via single file congo lines of death. I found several. Sometimes the AI would shoot back (not very often) in which case I would just duck down or walk around a corner and use a med kit. After I cleared out the camp and gathered up all the guns I basically had infinate money due to how much most of them sell for.But you know, even with this AI issue I would still recomend the game. It was fun....Untill sector 0 unlocks....One single thing runined everything the game worked so hard to build in atmosphere and tension.two words : Grapeling HookThis magical hook basically turns you into spider man. The range is insane and it can be spammed to the point where you are litteraly flying across entire zones without ever touching the ground. Any and all emursion is lost as soon as you get it. You basically never have to worry about virals or infected outside of story zones that don't let you use it (for very vague reasons like - you are tired. not tired enough to parkour around a building smacking things to death with a chair leg but too tired to use the magic spiderman rope)I have a few other complaints that contributed to ruining the game but they are minor and I doubt others would feel as strongly as I do about them. Really its the two things I talked about that completely ruined what I thought was a really good game.TL:DRGlitchy AI hand delivers you guns when you are waaaaay low level&Grapling hook spider manEdit:I also should mention this was on hard mode off-line play.The reason for off-line was that I never got the online mode to work. I have a very high end computer and a solid network connection so it wasn't due to hardwear problems. The game would just never connect to the servers.I only ever got be the zombie to work once. I spawned then died to a gun shot. Spawned again, ran around a little and found the only other player.... standing in the middle of a bunch of UV lights ( I assume a safe zone that he was just standing at the edge of) The second I was within line of sight - bam - dead zombie. I don't want to seem like I'm crying about hackers but when I come at the guy - at night - from 6 different angles - sneaking around buildings - and die instantly the moment I can actually see his character from 100 meters away, it kinda makes you think something is a little fishy.Also on release my audio would randomly stop working (still happens at time of writing but no where near as common) Release version had a lot of graphic tearing but that got patched."
76561198096593159,Recommended,239140,17392357,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Teddy,"The Story mode itself is allot of fun. the mirrors edge parkour we all wanted... with ZOMBIES!.that asside the ""Be the Zombie"" mode is unbalanced... you would think as a zombie you would be powerful? NOPE! as a zombie, you spend most of your time running away... - _ -"
76561197971268952,Recommended,239140,17392628,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,SomeIdiot,"Great game. Starts off very hard (on hard level of course), but as you level up it gets too easy. Still fun cutting off heads with one hit :)"
76561198103936467,Recommended,239140,17335322,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Send Him Off,"I'm going to set it to you straight.If you enjoy open world games, zombie games, leveling up games, survival games, games with a good story and ragdoll physics that make you cry of laughter as you drop kick a zombie off a bridge then this game is worth every single Pound, Dollar or Euro possible. When I saw this game, it reminded me of the Dead Island games of which I have played both of. It did not feel like I was even playing a similar game until I started to Mod my weapons. If you enjoyed Dead Island in any way, then this is more than worth a go. I played most of the story Solo hence why I got it done so quickly (20 hours). But I have played a small amount of Multiplayer and I can say that they have really Aced it. There is not a single aspect of this game I would reccomend changing. If you're browsing the Steam Libaries for a game to play either on your own or with 2-3 mates then you had best stop right here. I present to you, the sweetest game in my Libary."
76561198214867696,Recommended,239140,17348591,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Killerwan367,"When I say dying light is one of the best zombie game I've ever played don't tae it lightly. You can compare it to ""Dead Island"" for the weapons and ""Mirrior's Edge"" for the freakin awesome parkour in the game its loads of fun, and when night comes the exitment just builds."
,Recommended,239140,19225287,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,gregshouse,Great Game first 1.2 Hours Rushed by in what felt like Minutes. Graphics are Sick. Story good although it felt a bit like Playing Metro Light at the start but soon kicked butt! looking forward to playing this when the Rifft VR are released early next year.
76561198088309677,Recommended,239140,14641990,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Homophobic Homosexual Homosapien,""" The updates break my game!"" or ""Parkour sohuld be 3rd person!"" Whine Whine Whine, thats all i hear out of all the bad reviews, the DLC's are a bit dissapointing yes, but the game it self is great. The story is long, full of twists, and stuff liek challenges, side quests, and skill trees kep ya busy well and after you story. Parkour is amazing, weapons are great! And lots of different zombies. But it's better to get it on sale, but if it's not, then it's still a great game. 10/10"
76561198054158228,Recommended,239140,19198394,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Bad Time To Be a Douche,Rendered years of intensive therapy useless as it reintroduced my fear oof the dark. 11/10 would cry myself to sleep for.
76561198068048489,Recommended,239140,19280276,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Scoot n Snoop,"Overall a very good game, feels like a dead island but with parkour and a slightly more open environment and very rich storyline."
,Recommended,239140,19281995,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[IOG]SlowMoBaywatchTitties,"Possibly one of the best zombie games to have been released.Techland has done a grande job with this one blending fast paced action, emotionally involving story and one's ability to go for ""Zombie Kill Of The Week"" everytime they log in. The addition of the Night Hunter mode ""Be The Zombie"" has added a great new depth of gameplay for people wanting to survive the night, and people growing tired of the single player mode.Would surely reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of the genre or is looking for a good fast paced multi hour romp."
76561198067674968,Recommended,239140,19314749,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lexington_Bear,Yeah pretty good zombie game
,Recommended,239140,19229207,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,I am Sour,Great game.
,Recommended,239140,19228053,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Seb_______,Great Game
76561198156668491,Recommended,239140,19240788,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,antzware,"Usually I hate zombie games but this is a big exception for me. The graphics look awesome, the game is very fun to play, the jumping and climbing even in first person mode are easy to do, the combat is also fun both with melee weapons and shooting.There is a huge amount of gore and blood, the game is even banned in Germany, but I see this as a positive thing because it makes you feel that you are doing some real damage and just hitting a wall with a stick.The only thing I didn't like was the accent of the NPCs. I am not racist or anything, I am from Eastern Europe myself but I would have preferred to hear an American or British accent.I really hope they make a sequel where they can throw in some dialogue and choices to spice things up a bit."
76561198079618416,Recommended,239140,19370679,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tahoenvy,All I gotta say is WOW!  The graphics are jaw dropping.  The AI is really incredible and can be super funny too.   Watching Zombies fall makes me laugh everytime.I bought the game two days ago and have already played Co-op and single and it's one of my top 5 favorite games already and I've played A LOT of games.Buy it!! It's so worth the money.
,Recommended,239140,19368861,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ICE,Become Human or Zombie? Depend on your weapons...
76561197969753593,Recommended,239140,19371306,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Old man Stu,"This game blew me away with just how smooth and free-flowing it was after the rather stilted Dead Island. The movement across all levels of terrain is just fantastic and makes you feel like you really are a capable free runner. Disclaimer: I am not. i would die in horrible ways if i attempted even half the stuff you do in this game.It crept in to my all time top 5 games and has stayed there ever since. i would recommend this game at full price, so at sale price it is a definite must buy."
,Recommended,239140,19404258,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TeddyRoosevelt'sHandsomeBrother,What Dead Island was meant to be. Ridiculously fun game with great mechanics. My only complaint is the narrative feels like fanfic written by a college student.
76561198043335157,Recommended,239140,19405164,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,syco0601,Great co-op game
76561198174941095,Recommended,239140,19418633,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ElPetLamb,I didn't see much light either after buying this game...
,Recommended,239140,19452527,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,LorD V4D3R,killed a zombie and hold F for lootLook totally like a pervert11/10
76561198092859497,Recommended,239140,19455208,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,GUCCI GANG,THIS IS PERFECT GAME!!!
,Recommended,239140,19471156,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SapperLex,"Its like Just Cause and State of Decay(without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ owners) made sweet sweet love and this is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lovechild result. I find myself cursing at the screen everytime i die, this is no carebear game, and i just cant stop.PROS-looks good-pretty balanced combat for a 1vs the world-tons of side quests-skills gain exp for using them, you wont get strength if you dont hit anythingCONS-can be frustratingly hard-i havent found a climb down button and aiming for a dumpster from the top of a tower hasnt worked yet-weapons break quickly and i hate wasting my upgrades9/10 so far"
76561198195046021,Recommended,239140,19470353,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,omame,Very nice! Fantastic!But I was just disappointed with the latter half of main story.
76561198093974366,Recommended,239140,19349866,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lobro,"Ok, so people are going around saying ""huh, dying light, more like dying genre! Im funny right guys"" no1 thats a terrible joke and you should never kill peoples brain cells with that type of thing u terrible, terrible person. No2 this game is basically borderlands mixed with dead rising and assassins creed. I  adore this game a reccomend it to anyone even if not interested in the zombie genre.  The storyline is amazing, the graphics are great, the voice acting is great, theres just so much to say about this game but it bores me to write long things so im probably gonna stop typi-"
76561198024260243,Recommended,239140,19438096,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Siraxious,Zombie game with a twist. Its a resident evil with the modern man on a sugar rush without a gun feel.
76561198035581516,Recommended,239140,19357864,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cricket109,"This game is incredible, to say the least. Parkour and zombies flow together smoothly and are very interesting. The parkour itself is pretty cool, but I happen to be a huge fan of zombies and the combat system is entertaining. The game keeps you on your toes but on occasion can be slightly predictable. There are parts to make you sad, make you mad, make you irritated. Once I got stuck outside a safehouse at night because I couldn't climb out of a warehouse. That was my own fault because I was just bad at the game. (Warehouses are safe at night if you stay on the upper floors, fyi) XD 10/10 really cool game, really fun. Although expensive (unless on sale!) definitely a good purchase."
,Recommended,239140,19355499,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Infusionx,got caught in the dark once...sh!t myself 10/10
,Recommended,239140,19355883,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hekinsieden,"9/10 Dying light is an amazing game that constantly has me relating the mechanics of this game to other games.The new be the zombie mode feels like a mini version of Evolve with a Dark Souls invasion style gameplay.The lockpicking is just like in Skyrim and Fallout.Love the weapons, haven't gotten a gun yet, but having a good Orange grade axe is more than enough power to decapitate a Zombie.Parkour feels at about an 8/10 a few times I've fallen to my death due to landing in an awkward spot or forgetting to hold the spacebar after a jump from a ladder after having pressed the spacebar."
,Recommended,239140,19356690,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,dan,It's essentially a great game.
,Recommended,239140,19356011,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PancakeTony,"You can wear a ninja outfit, use ninja stars, drop kick a zombie and curb stomp it, craft exploding ninja stars, hold raiders up at gun point, and compete with some pretentious parkour snob. Did i mention you can do all this with up to four friends? What if i told you it had both stealth, and rpg mechanics that dont feel clunky and tacked on. Or if there was a free zombie mode, which is intense as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and includes its own distinct talent tree. D00dz buy dis game."
,Recommended,239140,19350141,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,toolazytothink,"Fun to play, similar style with dead islandThe first half of the game you are actually running away from zombies (scare the s**t out of me in the first few night)but later when you level up more, the game started to get boringespecially after you can 1 cut kills everything in the nightand that sh*tty plot just not making any sense"
,Recommended,239140,19424091,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Atlas Excel,Game is amazing overall but there are a few performance problems which make the fps really low
,Recommended,239140,19430321,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Abassimozz,Damn right Dying Light!
,Recommended,239140,19430522,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Alakazam,"Hours of fun, an open world zombie shooter than rewards exploration. I like the fact the fact that it's more focused on running and positioning than just mindlessly shooting the undead."
,Recommended,239140,19445668,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheAce4K,awesome game so much fun
76561198123429465,Recommended,239140,19432754,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Claustrophobia,It's very awesome but I need to update my terrible GPU to enjoy it :(
,Recommended,239140,19428880,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SStilo,"This is by far the best zombies game I've ever played. The immersion is outstanding. Somehow, it makes me feel like in The Walking Dead, and I mean the series, not that point-and-click thing that Telltale sells claiming it's a videogame.Note: If possible, play this with a decen headset. Helps a lot!"
76561198073329606,Recommended,239140,19428895,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,YungUrg,Was really fun to play with friends
76561198118867084,Recommended,239140,19146159,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,我的前任万人骑,im having hard time at night in real life after playing this gamebut ♥♥♥♥ it im addicted
76561197971519143,Recommended,239140,19444178,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SSG_Deal,Just a quick tip for people who have played the demo to see how the full game performs. On my PC the demo ran very poorly even on low settings. I took a chance anyway and the  full game runs exponentially smoother on high settings.From my short experience it's a pretty fun game.
76561198157054043,Recommended,239140,19457050,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,2hacks #NoToCSGO,"This game is awesome. Parkour and zombies together. This game is awesome, its worth buying it."
76561198072153782,Recommended,239140,19337036,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Satred,"Got game on sale super cheap, after playing it I would gladly of paid full cost for it, strong playability and sticking power, top notch graphics an gameplay very enjoyable! GRAB IT!! ☺"
,Recommended,239140,17519685,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ErsBers[EidZ],"Okay, here goes. This game brought me so many levels of pleasure, intensity and rage.So many things to do, and the graphics is what I'd expect from a game produced 2014/2015.You know that feeling when u feel someone elses adrenaline? Like... when you jump from high elevations in this game, your stomach starts to tickle, and out of instinct your whole body squeezes in together like a little ball. Like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but in some ways much better and intense. If those reactions were called ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I'd say this game made me♥♥♥♥♥like 9001 times.The one thing I did not enjoy about this game was the GPS system at some points. Sometimes you'd have to waste time tracking down♥♥♥♥♥♥ But that's standardized in games now a days, a pointless challenge u ask me. But it doesn't ruin the game either.This game rocked from point A to Z. Get this game yo, ♥♥♥♥ing sweet!"
,Recommended,239140,17589656,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,lczerner,"I had some fun with the game, espcially from the beginning. However it is rather repetetive after a while, the crafting system is pointless, the story is just mediocre and the ending is totally disappointing and boring. The visuals are nice though."
76561198240430066,Recommended,239140,17591303,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,joshualayton,"great game just started playing it , but cant wait to see how the rest of the game goes"
76561198179215534,Recommended,239140,17592350,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ToxickSalt,REALLY GOOD GAME.. BAD THING IS THAT YOU NEED AT LEAST GTX 970 OR R9 290 AS A GPU TO RUN IT
76561197989320550,Recommended,239140,17918743,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,My Friends,One of the best open world games. The world feels packed with stuff to do and places to explore.
76561198014136895,Recommended,239140,14731316,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Necromancer,One of the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,239140,17916134,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Drazznoro,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing really good zombie assasins creed type of game. I  luurrrv it.
,Recommended,239140,21914825,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Karnatos,"One never gets over their fear of the dark.  Remember walking home at night, alone... and wishing you could just walk that much faster.  Wondering why the shadows had to be so dark?  Hoping that someone you knew might come along and walk the rest of the way with you?216hrs into playing this game ... the night still raises the hair on the back of your neck in Dying Light.  I am less terrified now, more excited for the thrills it brings - but then again, I have bashed in more than 20,000 biters' heads, maxed the hell out of my stats, and working in the mid-20s of my Legendary levels... and I play with friends in Nightmare more now - we kinda know what we're doing, and we STILL die several times every night.This is a great game that keeps on giving."
76561198109455371,Recommended,239140,17784557,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,ZAXE2000,"This is one of the best games i have ever played in my entire life. I would recommend this game to almost anyone i know. it has a great story, lots of action, and most of all, lots and lots of LOOT!!! in my opinion 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,17802489,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ParkPants,This♥♥♥♥♥♥stresses me OUT!!!!!!!!!!
76561198098157038,Recommended,239140,30518239,Posted: 14 March,all,AgentJ,"My absolute go-to co-op game. So fun at every turn and has it's own laughable moments.Pros:-Smooth parkour, to an extent. But that's to be expected.-Extremely fun with a party of friends. Grab your buddies.-Long story plus The Following, which is long itself.-Wide variety of weapons.-Funny moments. Really. Some corpses on the ground look like disfigured morphed aliens and it's hilarious. Also my partner took a picture of a glitch with Tolga and Fatim that was really damn priceless. Glitches are hilarious.-Tolga and Fatim are themselves a big plus. Like giving a nuclear bomb to a toddler who's calling you stupid.-Lots of sidequests and characters to interact with.-Dying Light breaks the ""no children"" wall that most zombie games would never touch. Though this was weird when I first got introduced to zombie children because just thinking about the pain they've been through as you silence them. God. Thank you.-I hate the everloving hell out of the god damn Parkour Challenges so I'm keeping this under a Pro because some of you weirdos like being challenged like this.Cons:-It depends on what you think about the durability system. It's not Breath of The Wild awful, but it can be annoying. Like, for example, you get so attached to your super mega awesome fabulous machete and use up all the repairs and it's gone. The machete you spent like $3,000 modding to make super badass that tears zombies into shreds. Gone. No more. Dammit. Oh well I guess machetes are everywhere, right?-Early game can be frustrating as all hell money wise and weapon wise. The weapons in early game are awful. You can hit a zombie a thousand times with 1 wrench and it breaks and the zombie still isn't dead. But that's your preference. It gets much easier when you progress.-Be expected to yell at Crane for falling or catching his breath when sprinting and there's a horde of virals around. That gets easier the more you progress. Except for Crane falling and jumping off walls when you want him to climb like in Assassin's Creed.-It's $60. Go on sale so my friends can buy this game and we can all play together!Seriously, get this game, make your friends get this game, and♥♥♥♥♥♥away 40 hours. It's the best 40 hours you'll spent spewing guts everywhere.Also, Rais reminds me of Vaas from Far Cry 3. So, that too."
,Recommended,239140,30222162,Posted: 27 February,all,Scratch,"This game was really one to enjoy until at the end it throws you in front of the bus, strips your inventory,and began overwriting the Campaign quests as well as controlling the outcome of any progress you thought you could use to fix the situation with low resources. (super good strategy)Often I find the medkit resources scarce but doable, the blood graphics are cool(and get better with skills tree), but the ai abilities left a smear on the overall functionality. Mine stopped swinging in mid swing millions of times thru most of the campaign. Making me die and lose points.(Can't factor that into the equation).It's ok I guess. I got 70 hrs. into it in just a week."
76561197962072901,Recommended,239140,17942032,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Makc,Hit locals with an electric pipe and use medkits while parkourizing all around New Jersey. 8/10.Edit: Best in co-op mode. Gank-a-goon should be a post-apocalyptic sport. Watching one of your squad  miss a jump and take a full-building header is worth the price of admission.
76561198107735378,Recommended,239140,17990964,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,DongDong,I got into this game in no time and couldn't stop playing even tho im such a ♥♥♥♥♥ and cant go outside at night this game was so much fun.
76561198196335511,Recommended,239140,17982097,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MidNightMadNess,Where should i start The game itself is fun and realaxing specialy when somebody is raging out then it is a good game to kill zombies and do parkourIt's fun at the bridge i thinkBut im were going to try the windsuit and i like windsuits but i climbed to the top of the bridge and want to try the windsuit for the first time and there is a village near by so i think can i fly over the village with the windsuit and that will be awesome so i jump from the top and i was half away over the village then i started to fell down i hit a rock flat like i pancakeI will reccommend this game and also don't use the windsuit or you will end like me11/10
76561198069441300,Recommended,239140,16538891,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fuelthefire,"So far so good. I got it two weeks ago when it wasn't on sale - take the offer while you can this game is worth the full price! Multiplayer is a little dead at this point since everyone has beat it and I can't see very much replay value, but you'll be able to find a few games. Best to have some friends already lined up ready to play with you. Multiplayer really makes this game come a live. VERY IMPORTANT: Play the game on HARD. Normal is waaaayyyy too easy. Hard will be quite difficult sometimes but with a group its where I feel the game should be. If playing solo then hard might be a little too much, but normal is still way too easy."
76561198157329578,Recommended,239140,16964072,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SquirrelMan7,This game came a long way since dead island. They really stepped it up a notch. It also has free content updates. Who doesnt love that! This game is very cool and the story is one of the best iv seen for a zombie survival game.
76561197984748332,Recommended,239140,16902422,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,bcfl,"Just what you would expect in a zombie-killing RPG. You start out weak but get significantly more powerful over time, and by the time you've maxed out your skills, you are a slicing, dicing, undead slaughtering machine. Highly recommended even if the main story can be completed a bit too quickly."
,Recommended,239140,16904358,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Dedicated_Blade,"Zombies, zombies, zombies, they are everywhere. Night time = Hell time. Crafting galore, with weapons that break, a lot...good graphics, a lot of what the actual ♥♥♥♥ just hit me in the back. Oh yes, did I mention zombies? Great game, enjoy the aspect of zombie survival as well as being the zombie. Quest line is long and progressive and has a lot of side missions and can't wait to finish this game!"
76561197995102741,Recommended,239140,19491399,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,swiggs1337,Great game. Both the running and fighting feel very fluid and rewarding(as long as you have a decent rig.)  I really enjoyed the level up system and the combat was so fun that i found myself just going on long murdering sessions to get that next upgrade.  Co-op is amazing as well as Be the Zombie mode for some fun when friends aren't on.  I personally think this game is absolutely still worth it for single player but co op is where it truly shines.
,Recommended,239140,19493509,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Winddroid,"For those ""The Walking Dead"" fans, this game is a MUST!!!"
,Recommended,239140,19445352,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Grenden Beene,fell off roof flew through the map and started swiming under the map 10/10 would swim under map again
,Recommended,239140,19492946,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ZizBaja,A-♥♥♥♥ING-MAZINGGET THIS GAMEWAIT TILL ITS ON SALEBUY ITEAT ITENJOY ITLIVE IT
76561198164400846,Recommended,239140,19487671,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dank Pete,you can dropkick zombies10/10
76561198113034642,Recommended,239140,19484490,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arch,I wasn't planning on ever buying dying light but it was on sale and a friend recommended it to me.My only regret is not buying it months ago.
76561198195061581,Recommended,239140,19397532,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Gaming Narwhal,Love the multiplayer.
,Recommended,239140,19512768,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,George,Best Zombie Survival Game Of The Year.
76561198219689907,Recommended,239140,19515411,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DookieSquats,Actually love this game a ton. Very fun to play. Tons of secrets in this game. You are never truly finished. Went from ps4 version to the PC and was glad that I could bring my ps4 control along. Bought it at $29.99 with season pass so I would wait until it drops in price or is on sale before you hit the trigger. Runs at solid 65 fps 90% of the time. Will dip into the 40-50 fps range depending on whats going on. Currently running it using an AMD fx8320 at 4.1Ghz and an r9 380.
,Recommended,239140,19518130,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,♥Kuroneko-Chan,"Good game, Enjoy SOLO / Multiplayer with Friend. Nice Story Walkthrough. Give 10/10 !All the run was cool and stunt was nice. Buy it very worth !"
76561198018892935,Not Recommended,239140,19516205,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AceRimmer,"Personally, the parkour stuff in this game ruined it for me.  I thought it would be a lot more fun...but running, jumping and climbing...ugh...not done in a fun way...  I mean, I can bear the fact that weapons need repairing and after x amount of repairs they break.  Fine.  But making us climb stuff?  This isn't the fun Far Cry 3 and 4 type of climbing this is a tedious pant full worth of climbing.  It just wasn't fun for me.  I played a bit of the game...hated it...now uninstalling it."
76561198070772027,Recommended,239140,19518983,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Samulai,"Every character in this world is either incredibly dumb or annoying, often both. Some even feel extremely out of place, like this one guy who thinks he's a werewolf or something and the twins who are like a crazy scientist but without the science part. How can you take more dramatic stories seriously when minute after completing it a local weirdo calls you and asks you to kill a few zombies for his new action movie. Don't except much from the story, it's awful.The leveling and the upgrades are bit weird too. The game is just coming up with excuses to not play it. Finally mastered climbing? Here's a grappling hook. Can finally manage your stamina? Now you can never get tired again. Finally mastered combat? Here's a stomp attack you can use to instakill anything. Also, here's a molotov that can be crafted from the two most common resources you can find and it can kill anything and everyone around it. Yes, I have played every hour on hardest difficulty, in case you wondered.Environment is your common ruined paradise island. Looks decent, nothing spectacular. It's funny to explore, but all I can ever find is either collectible for challenges which I don't care or resources for upgrades I don't want. Sometimes you can find better weapons, which you don't need for reasons stated above.On the other hand, you can jump from top of a zombie to send second zombie flying with a dropkick and use it's body to knock zombies 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 into a spike trap. From the 1st person! Get this game!"
,Not Recommended,239140,19529601,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,olci,it doesn't work on Linux  don't buy if you wanna use with linux
76561198004995326,Recommended,239140,19396295,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,=TC=Jecht,I've really enjoyed the game the few hours that I have played. It reminds me if Dead Island and Mirror's Edge had a baby. A lot of parkouring but there's weapon mods like Dead Island. I look forward to playing a lot more of the game.
76561197991279501,Recommended,239140,19396590,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ghost Judicator,"Holy crap...I thought dead island was a zombie killathon that had me at the edge of my seat...then Techland releases this...and oh my god...this game is simply epic...the combat is great, you actually feel scared for your life at times...the animation and art are excellent...the story feels organic and human...all and all dying light plus the various dlc are an investment if you were in love with dead island,"
,Recommended,239140,19397068,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,"Hey, look at that drum m8","Dead Island but good, has hardcore parkour which feels nice and fluent. Weapons feel like they have impact, and is overall just plain fun.Story is a bit cliche at times but overall is meh.Warning/!\ multiplayer has the tendency to lag like crazy8.5/10"
76561198008056816,Recommended,239140,19397439,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ramesses_ll_KV7,One of the best zombie games since DeadRising Trilogy!!! An amazing game! Can be difficult in some parts of the game but thats what makes it fun! Free running with zombies doesn't get much better! Fingers crossed for a #2!
,Recommended,239140,19399535,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sp00ky Rend,"If you like Dead Island (I never played it :P) this is pretty much Dead Island 4.0.-Amazing Graphics-Amazing Mechanics-Suprisingly not many glitchesThere are many more stuffs to this game but I loved it (But its 2spooks4me so I had to play co-op)If its on sale you should buy it, 98.9% worth it.(Black Inderno has helped me survive through the spooks)"
,Recommended,239140,19398634,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mah 🅱️OI FUZE,"This Game is Outstanding i really enjoy it ,buttttt this fckng bagyy-zipline on bridge its just brah i wasted 1 hour to reach that bounty but it doesnt matter ,u must buy it on sales !!!!!"
76561198222385276,Recommended,239140,19398737,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Doublee (EE),Awesome Game!!! Can't want for the new DLC missions!
76561198026256524,Recommended,239140,18365050,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,nathaingeary,What Dead Island should have been.
76561198068482820,Recommended,239140,18328223,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mc-Nib-Nab,Game Runs Great. Looks Fantastic on highest settings. Story was much more thought out than i thought it would be. Side missions are all voiced and have some decent characters and story lines. (something which is great upon completing the game) the amount of weapons in the game adds for some great loot collecting. plenty of hidden area's such as a military base outside the blown up bridge. cool little film references. Great co op and decent PVP mode. Parkour that when leveled up properly is better than Mirrors edge. Bodily distruction pretty fkn cool. slicing open a zombie covered in puss and just watching its inards spill down a mountain side can legit make you feel sick. which in a game like this feels great. just the ragdols and Ai of the zombies works so well. 9.5 (games story could have been a bit longer maybe) .
,Recommended,239140,18343786,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Grizzly Man,A refreshing take on the burnt out zombie survival horror genre. At it's core is a solid action game with a well balanced talent tree but when you're being chased by a horde of zombies in the dark of the night it's going to make your heart race like a true survival horror game should.8/10
76561198144362385,Not Recommended,239140,18320303,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,aslangy,This thing always freezes I ahve tried on two I& 2.90 18 gig of memory and nvdia card it sucks get into the game then black no reason tried everything online...
,Recommended,239140,18230763,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TuTiScreaM,Nice game
,Recommended,239140,18300727,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,FightClub1999,"Borderland's loot system, Battlefield's graphics, Dead Island's weapon arsenal, Skyrim's Open World and Insurgency's realism?...I'm not a loot, crafting, survival type gamer but this game is addicting.Decent storyline, varying mission types, crafting, weapon customization, Steam Workshop, Co op...Worth the money if you can catch it for under 30.00US"
76561198169906759,Recommended,239140,18319464,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ty10sk,Worth buying and beating once for interesting parkour and zombie skull-splosion's (i bought and beat this twice). : )
,Recommended,239140,18245533,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,「FrostNero™」♪μ’sic♪,"Well, this is definitely better than Dead Island games that I NEVER even bothered to continue! Somehow, I was drawn into playing this game after watching a few reviews on Youtube as I was convinced that this game took a more serious turn in terms of the severity of the zombie outbreak situation compared to Dead Island's slightly whacky approach.The gameplay is quite challenging at first, since I never really tried playing this kind of game before. It's unlike any other FPS gaming (exactly similar to Dead Island's gameplay, but I've not played it for even an hour, so....) which I've experienced. You start off with just a Table Leg as a blunt melee weapon and everything else is through scavenging. Weapons are pretty much everywhere, but the good ones are either bought or found in police vehicles, locked chests, or even human enemies. Unlike other zombie games, the player can get tired from continuously swinging and bashing zombies, so having a plan before going head on with a bunch of zombies in this game is a must regardless of the amount of zombies and whatever uber gear you have, especially at night... Guns are available as well, it's just that you have to find them in specific areas and hope that you've strucked gold. Guns can be found in police cars/vans, high-difficulty locked chests (very rarely do I ever find a gun in these..), and armed human forces (which is kinda hard to kill since they've got a gun).Parkour mechanics is fantastic in this game! It makes it a LOT more easy to traverse Harran (the city), run away from zombies (if needed, and if its at night....), and just making a fool out of the zombies as you trample all over them. I haven't acquired the grappling hook yet, but I bet it will be sweet once I get my hands on it.Leveling is simple in this game, but needs a lot of grinding which in THIS GAME is not a big issues! There are 3 skill trees available in this game: Survivor, Agility, and Combat.Survivor skills allows you to...well, survive better like crafting items.Agility skills helps the player's maneuverability not only for moving around, but also to manipulate enemies by grappling them or jumping over them.Combat skills grants the player more efficient ways to eliminate zombies.There's no fast travelling system which is a big step back for an open world game but a HUGE step forward for encouraging players to travel from one place to another on foot, which I find it quite bothersome at first since I had no decent weapons nor the proper skillset to explore Harran smoothly and safely. But after a little while, you'll see that travelling on foot does have it's advantages. You would stumble apon many many MANY things to interact with like unlocking safe houses to take shelter from the night and put away items or just sleep to pass time, help other survivors and gain some stuff, and most importantly, LOOT EVERYTHING! It also elevates the challenge factor of the game whereby time is always ticking and in this game, staying out at night is extremely dangerous. The night zombies are more hostile than during the day and there's even worse 'things' to worry about. And with that in mind, it encourages players to unlock shelters and take refuge, making it seemed as though you're really in that zombie outbreak and you need to keep your♥♥♥♥♥♥tight in order to stay alive! Daredevils however would take this as a challenge (and later a walk in a park) and do missions during the night since your experience gain will be doubled during nighttime.Enemies are HARD to kill! They're not like zombies in Left 4 Dead or any that's similar. You really need to hit them real hard as though your life depends on it. It is either a few blows to the head until it explodes, decapitate them, burn them, electrocute them, kick them into conveniently-placed-spikes-of-doom-that-never-hurts-the-player, shoot them in the head (if you managed to find a gun), or just freakin' dismember them limb from limb as if you're Pudge from Dota 2. With all those methods on killing them zombie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, there are those that are seriously stubborn or immune to certain methods, and they're Special Infecteds. Yes, like other zombie games, this one has them too. There's the hazmat suit zombies that won't get damaged by fire, there's zombies that chases you and attempts to kill you (if you make too much noise or kill hazmat baddies), zombies that blow up if you get too close and you literally die from their pressurized shower of blood, big♥♥♥♥♥overgrowned zombies armed with some sort of rubble that resembles a huge♥♥♥♥♥heavy hammer of pain, and there's also those spitting ones that corrodes your beautiful skin. But the ones that are seriously dangerous and should not EVER be messed with are the Volatiles. They are FREAKING SCARY! DO NOT GET SPOTTED BY ONE IF NOT PREPARED OR YOU WILL DIE A HORRIBLE DEATH!Story so far is pretty meh and I don't really want to spoil this in here, but all I've got to say so far is meh. But don't take my word for it. Try it yourself."
,Recommended,239140,18318272,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,OPrey' #VirtuallyFirstPerson,"Great game really enjoying it.  Open world zombie bashing and parkor at its best.  The story is good thus far, side quests seem meaningful and interesting.  Worth checking out."
,Recommended,239140,18318811,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Zapp Brannigan,"Gives you nearly all of the experiences you would want out of a zombie survival game. Great crafting and skill progression systems, every single thing you loot has some significance, unlike some other rpgs. Everything that you do that even slightly benefits the survival of mankind is rewarded so overall its a pretty immersive experience 9/10."
,Recommended,239140,18292048,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Einarr Tyrsson,dead island meets assasins creed but is on steroids WINNING!
,Recommended,239140,18115709,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Uncle Lance,laggy but fun
,Recommended,239140,18147935,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,kutale,"Dead Island: Third World Parkour.It's fun and not too short. There's tons of side missions and the game area(s) are actually quite fun to explore. The leveling (skill)system is one of the best I've experienced in a while, almost Batman-tier. Enemy variety is good, kind of like Dead Island but better imho. Crafting* is p. cool.Firearms are terrible, which is good. There are sections where you are required to use firearms, which is bad.*The weapon crafting system is broken and will make combat a joke at about halfway through the game, for an authentic experience just use weapons you find in the world. The story is garbage, but if you're coming from Dead Island, it's probably an improvement."
,Recommended,239140,18152344,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cryosphere,"This game is tons of fun. The night time offers a bit more challenge to the game, and the time system is cool.  Don't get caught outside after dark unless you mean to!"
,Recommended,239140,18152400,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ice.Fluff,AMAZING!!!!
76561198023119090,Recommended,239140,18152404,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,alexbobb,"good game. Liked the parkour n zombies aspect. Some skills were tricky to pull off but eh.Nighttime was best time. Had my heart pounding the first couple of times and Id flub hard which is awesome. Some things were dumb, like the mission to get to a control room in the middle of an electrical substation that just had zombies spawning in almost as fast as I could throw cocktails.Now if only could combine the fun melee of this game with the driving of mad max....."
,Recommended,239140,18152442,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Shadow_Springs,"One of the best games I've ever played. It does everything Dead Island wants to be, but far more greater. All of Dead Island shortcomings were fixed in this game. A great first person zombie game that mixes shooter, survial, and sword fighting elements with a mirrors edge jamping style. Advice: Before a lockpick breaks, take it out the lock and put it back in. This restores it's health thus meaning unlimated lockpickes."
,Recommended,239140,18152586,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lightning Carrot,"Excellent game, loved it from start to finish. Haven;t played any DLC as been busy with other games - am sure I'll put a few hours in to it again one time. Multiplayer very hit and miss though as most people leave after a death."
,Recommended,239140,18152600,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Vibes,Very nice fun
76561198028214417,Recommended,239140,18153801,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Manic,Do you live by your own rules?if so buy this gameor are you just someone elses puppet?if so they will tell you to buy this game so just get it now anyway
76561197971581643,Recommended,239140,18151774,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Brianan,"Scratches that itch that Dead Island just couldn't quite get, while incorporating dope Parkour moves.  The first game I've ever played where traversing the enviroment felt as satisfying as bashing an enemy's head in.70's/80's synthesizer inspired music is also a huge plus.  Really adds a Lucio Fulci feel to the horror."
76561198035134146,Recommended,239140,18152242,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DoubleN  ░▒▓█,It went 50% off the day after I bought it:/Otherwise top 5 zombie game ever
76561197970995285,Recommended,239140,18151136,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,vonMises,This is an exceptionally crafted game.
,Recommended,239140,18151140,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Deathpool,I is a good game.
76561198069673420,Recommended,239140,18151290,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,cakenipples,"in my personal opinion this is the most underated game of all time, i challenge you to play this game without getting loud"
,Recommended,239140,18151558,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Diabhalri,"This is the game Dead Island should have been. This is the game all zombie action-survival games should be judged by from now on, until a game surpasses it."
,Recommended,239140,18265085,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Johnyfirst,"A better assassins creed would be one way to describe it. A better dead island would be another.Had an amazing time, Gr8 m8 8/8"
,Recommended,239140,18264880,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,uzzors2k,"Excellent zombie game, the best one I've played. Didn't get tedious, and killing zombies stayed fun until the end."
76561198093078781,Recommended,239140,18264929,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,✪ pork chops is sexy,"Firstly, I do recommend this game because it is quite fun and has an interesting story. However, it is most definitely not worth $70 because the story really isn't all that long. Get this game on sale only !The game is extremely challenging on the Hard Mode, you will die so many times until you get really p1ssed off and feel like quitting, so if you do play Hard, I strongly suggest co-op (which is quite fun , but significantly reduces the horror part of the game).A must-buy when on sale for parkour/ zombie fans ! :)"
,Recommended,239140,18315035,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,TheStiffy,"A great game to play solo but the company took it to the next level and let you play with not just friends, but random other people! Awesome game well worth cost! A++"
76561198029361735,Recommended,239140,18315336,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Stoutgut,awsome love running form buildings to building love the combat and funny weapon upgrades and the grappling hook makes me feel like spider man i like the story too and guns you wont use alot but they are fun heas shots count
76561198022088120,Recommended,239140,18313762,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EID0LON,"This game has something for everyone! Like FPS games? Raid one of Rais' bases. Like stealth action? Sleep to night time and sneak around the Volatiles. Like horror? Check out some of the side missions, they might take you by surprise. Like racing games? Races are scattered across the maps. Like zombie games? Well, duh, it IS a zombie game."
,Not Recommended,239140,18534191,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,reno,"I am sorry, but i need to say this game is horrible.The story is okay, the parkour is good, i like the fight system, but it is not perfect.I like the most of side missions, but this is the worst part of the game also.""Break 25 legs"", ""Kill x with shotgun"", ""Run to the top of the y tower"", ""Run 25 checkpoints at z time"", ""Avoid damage (bug with auto regenerated zombies [splitter]"" etc. These things make this game super annoying, but you need to do them if you want to reach all achivments.I play this game in normal mode, because i do not want annoying challenges, i want to enjoy the game. I think hard challenges are too hard in normal mode. Maybe i am noob, i see, it's okay. But this is my personal opinion."
,Recommended,239140,18534297,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"Dear Devs: Please retitle this game ""Kicking Zombies off the roof and watching them squish on the pavement simulator 2015"". Also please bring back the super power April Fools patch.PS: This game is really really good."
76561198132298668,Recommended,239140,18541159,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TheLaughingPineapple,"Do you like to kill zombies? Do you like to play parkour games? Do you like a game with beautiful scenery and graphics? Do you like to survive in a zombie filled environment? Do you like to feel like a badass while dodging and slapping zombies across the face, or any part of them in that case? Do you like to kill zombies? Did i already ask that? If you said yes to any of these questions.. This game is just for You!! 10/10 Zombie filled Action!!"
,Recommended,239140,18394134,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Superficial Medic,"I absolutly loved this game, with parkour comparible to Mirrors Edge, a zombie system based off of Dead Island, great graphics, decent enough mod base but do not expect to get thousands of hours of replay value out of the mods like Skyrim and finally the game was as immersive as looking out of my window that is until...you talk to the boss, the boss is like a 13 year old kid who got put in charge of a group of survivors, you will be talking to him alot as you progress through the story and every single time i talked to him it made me feel like i was playing lord of the flys steam edition instead of being a hardened survivor that i feel to be during all other times in the game.Small but valid complaint otherwise one of the most fun experiences you can have"
,Recommended,239140,18583945,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,✪ RYUmonster,"Slaying zombies left, right up and down, insane parkour, nice visual effects...9,5/10Story isn't the best but the epic parkour and zombie slaying makes it up.Overall, great game to play alone, even better to play with friends."
76561198151019509,Recommended,239140,18629270,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dylan ⊕ Klebold,ON!
76561198154899476,Recommended,239140,18589772,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DEADPOOL81202,my favorite game i had it the day it came out and im still playing it.
76561198010938140,Recommended,239140,18594458,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rockbuddy9,"This game I found... Interesting.Pros: The progression was quite smooth, despite personally, some of the skills should have been in a different skill tree (not that it matters, because once you hit max level, you have everything). For the most part, the parkour is fluid and dynamic (there are the occasional times where you grab a ledge when you shouldn't have been able to, or where you press a button and it does something else entirely). The combat is kind of fast, but not sanic the hodgeheg levels of fast. The option to avoid (with the exception of some scripted sequences) combat entirely for those who are eh, pacifists.Cons: The guns (apart from point blank with a shotgun) are quite underwhelming. Lots of weapons just get a slight change to them and have higher base stats (not when you upgrade them, but when you find a familiar looking weapon). I find the whole damage system just off tone for this game. It doesn't come off as a fight for survival, more so a fight for...a few hours (in game) safety. Night time really isn't as bad as you think. The less you move, the safer you are (depending where you are). Soloing ""The Bozak Horde"" is pretty hard, I don't have anyone to help me with it on my friends list, but I don't trust people online. Needless to say, the season pass has kind of (not very much) just grabbed my money (thus far).Would I play it again?Probably after I forget some of the things this game has to offer and take, yes. But most likely once a month for maybe less than an hour, as the gameplay gets very repetitive.TLDRParkour, decent combat, zombies and (kind of) guns. Not a lot of things to  not like, even fewer to like enough."
76561198078930736,Recommended,239140,18720924,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,"Boyd ""The Milkman"" Cooper","Though the story is as engaging as a modern horror movie, the parkour gameplay and execellent zombie slaying and ability upgrades this game is endless fun to run around in and explore. i recommend it greatly and i hope you enjoy it too. Only gripe...Screw those annoying♥♥♥♥♥Virals that never leave you the hell alone i mean you can't go two seconds without those annoying scumbags showing up >=("
76561198020570859,Recommended,239140,18726030,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Fatal,"Really enjoyed this game.The feeling of dread you get doing parkour to avoid powerful night zombies in pursuit mode, or just jumping building to building.. the final 10 minutes etc is adrenaline inducing. I actually felt tense being in certain situations merely because the graphics are so incredible and the feeling of potentially falling from a great height is conveyed in a terrifying manner.Combat is alot of fun and fluid, you have a myriad of options and enemies react appropriately to type of weapon and location of impact etc. A decent array of enemies mixed with a levelup and weapon crafting system kept it fresh most of the way through. I hit max level about 3/4 through the game and most things started dying in one hit.. but in any game where you out level the current story progression it should be that way.I honestly have never played anything like this. I know genre titles that this game pulls from and then hybridizes(sp?) exist, but having never experienced them, this game was a breath of fresh air. The creators really gave a crap, and it shines through."
,Recommended,239140,18720841,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JJ24,"This Game is really fun, cool, and amzingly beautiful.10/10 will kick a zombie of the roof again."
76561198051303833,Recommended,239140,18717783,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SaR Thorin,"This game sets a new standard for a lot of genres--shooters, action games, zombie games, RPGs in general.  It has the mobility of Mirror's Edge, the action of Left 4 Dead 2, and it pushes you to excel in a world continually out to get you.  Going up in difficulty levels is a real challenge boost, but it isn't impossible.  It forces you to know when it's okay to fight, and when you need to run.  As far as strategic thinking and practical fighting prowess, it will cause you to improve...or die trying.  If you want your Survivor level to increase on higher difficulty levels, you will need to figure out how to survive any scenario, and, if you stick with it, you will.  It's a new level of innovation--not necessarily on the creative level of Portal--but it definitely has its moments of ingenuity.  I'd recommend giving it a try."
,Recommended,239140,18801875,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mkreku,Absolutely fantastic game featuring zombies and violence and a lot of pants crapping. Thoroughly enjoyed it and am looking forward to the DLC's!
76561198041267818,Recommended,239140,18801994,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Maotse,Your feet are your best weapons.
,Recommended,239140,18781667,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Krexel,"Absolutely amazing! Parkour mixed with open world zombie survival!The graphics are awesome and the gameplay is perfect, my only complaint is it freezes at the start of a cut scene and at random points, but not very often so i'm not too bothered by it. What's probably the best feature is that there's an app you can get on your phone that lets you send scouts on missions where they will collect loot like medkits and crafting materials, and you can send the loot they get to your Dying Light game, it works with all platforms, Xbox One, PS4, and Steam"
76561198018509293,Recommended,239140,18782608,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,lotuspulse,"Most people don't mention the interior sections of gameplay (levels inside buildings, sewers, construction sites, museums, etc) but these are just as well paced and enjoyable as the open world free running!"
76561198065873308,Recommended,239140,18259417,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,This game is very good!
,Recommended,239140,18799813,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lethdren,AMAZING
,Recommended,239140,30584260,Posted: 17 March,all,ScammersSuck,"The combat is awsome and the parkour is even better, the story isn't bad but it's not great but the combat and parkour more than make up for it. It's like mirrors edge and dead island had a baby and that baby is awesome. 9/10"
76561198074409378,Recommended,239140,18784401,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,avstriez,Great
76561198021884011,Recommended,239140,18785248,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,xxx,"This is the best darn Zombie Game I have ever seen. So far I have played it through twice, first on easy, and second on hard level. I may start again. I'm looking forward to future DLC and spinofffs.My only criticism is how fast the weapons wear out."
,Recommended,239140,18597935,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ben,"Excellent game.*Finally ""found"" a rifle. Sneaked up on Rais's baddies and popped ém from a ""safe"" distance. The noice atracked several Virals and then I was dead. Still worth it though.*This is exactly what Dead Island should've been.Story line is okay, not exceptional but good enough to keep you interested.Game play is incredible. Free style running with a good format for slow improvement as you upgrade and improve stamina, as well as the addition of a griphook which really increases your travel speed and movement freedom.Weapons still decay, but there are plenty to be found and build from scratch (get to stockpiling those molotov cocktails!)Nighttime play is hard, especially in the beginning, but gives another dimension to the game.Good replay value. Can't wait for the sequal.God.. please tell me there will be a sequal... right?Right ?!?Gameplay 9/10Storyline 7.5/10Replay value 8/10"
76561198005111891,Recommended,239140,18681543,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SriX,"Its like Battlefield with zombies and better movement.Graphics are wonderful, lots of different ways to kill.Probably one of the best games ever.Get it at any cost, and you will get your moneys worth."
76561197961388856,Recommended,239140,18703979,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,LouIV,Awesome!
76561198074868338,Recommended,239140,18713415,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Shion,Farcry 3 + Mirror's Edge + zombies = Dying LightGood enough to suffer through 12 fps on my laptop.
76561198008223908,Recommended,239140,18697103,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Michael,Amazing game... will scare the crap out of you.
,Recommended,239140,18810966,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tunloink,"This game honestly terrifies me.My mouse is just zooming all over the place to make sure im safe from all sides, and at all times."
,Recommended,239140,18814889,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Regular_Ragu,"If Dead Island and Brink had a baby and it didn't suck, it would be this."
,Recommended,239140,18180540,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Cluckster,Dead Island with Parkour.
,Recommended,239140,18203112,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MastarS,THE BEST GAME
76561197978646283,Recommended,239140,18203262,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,WaywardDwarf,This game is AWESOME! The graphics are gorgeous! and the story is top notch! I love this gaaaaaammuh!
,Recommended,239140,18163978,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,☭✡Freshnegros neveramieverlucky✡,Kind off a good game actually. Sadly the game feeled better during its release because it was a lack of big games beeing released back then but over it is still a good game. Definetly worth it on sale.
,Recommended,239140,18164479,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Steep sheep,this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off so bad.. with challanges that cant be completed (or just about with 0.5 second) to parkour that will kill you cause u didnt see that invisible ledge.. no game can be perfect though.. otherwise.. lots of blood.. lots and lots of blood
76561198154550141,Recommended,239140,18170896,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Tim59235,All I have done is go through the story mode and I put 70 hours into it...must be fun! Lots of side missions and the mechanics of the game itself are really fun. Works great in 5760 x 1080 eyefinity. I am looking foreward to giving this game another runthrough at some point.
76561197973347520,Recommended,239140,18176070,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,yammee666,"I read some of the reviews of this game and was disappointed so I did not buy it when it came out.Whilst it is now on sale I took the chance and got it. I,ve only played it for a little while, but from that I can say I am impressed with the sandbox world that is dying light. The zombies are better than other zombie game out there.It does get annoying how easy the weapons break down just like Dead Islands did.I am told by other reviewers that the story is very lacking but at this stage I don,t care about that, because i am enjoying the game so much.I would imagine the peformance issues have been addressed since launch by now. My rig is a i7 440 and I have a GTX770 graphics card with 16gb of ram. The game looks and plays really well on medium settings, which is what I am happy with.For twenty pounds I think its a steal, just for the huge playground that you get.I will add to this review as I play through it..."
,Recommended,239140,18177688,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MeseeksNdestroy,"The ABSOLUTE most fun I have EVER had gaming has come from Dying Light. I can't stress enough the fun factor in this game, and if you have a few buddies to play with multiply that fun factor by 10,000!Game play:Hardcore Parkour! It's all about movement and getting the edge on zombies before they surround and kill you. The flow of the game feels somewhat like mirrors edge but perfected and once you get moving and leveling up, you'll never want to stop. The weapons are varied but, you will eventually pick up the same class of weapon with a different name and look so it adds to keep things mixed up a bit and with the added tier of gold weapons you will be left hunting for the best zed smasher! The fighting mechanics are well balanced and absolutley hilarious at times depending on how you choose to end a zombies...well life I guess (I suggest drop kicking off of roofs!)There are a ton of missions to do but the game can be finished rather quickly if you stick solely to story missions but you will be missing out on a lot of good stuff if you go that route. Their are some slight cons but nothing major to turn you away running. There are a few bugs from time to time like enemies clipping but never will you see constant crashes or anything. I could go on for hours about how great this game is but I think you should play it yourselves to find out. Hope this helps those of you debating buying or not. Totally worth 60+ dollars. Goodnight, and Goodluck!"
76561197973917030,Not Recommended,239140,18178266,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,=BOF=REDMANE,"After nearly 4 hours of gameplay in ""Dying Light"" I'm suffering buyer's remorse.  This game is a good example of what's wrong with current game design and the game press as well.  There is much about this game that is simply frustrating, which is always a bad sign.  There's a mechanic that allows the player to climb utility poles, but NOT if there's equipment you need to get to mounted on the pole.  So you can shinny like a monkey up a bare pole, but can't climb one with equipment on it that could reasonably make the climb easier.  Makes sense, right?  No, I didn't think so either.Yes, so far the game fulfills the promise of open world, and that's good, and the parkour works fairly well, however the mechanic for timing your jumps doesn't feel right.  Looking down at a soft landing pad, I find myself letting go of the jump control when it looks like my trajectory is good to hit the pad, and it seems the physics just drops you like a rock at that point.  Its as if inertia doesn't exist once you let go of the key, so you plummet to the hard surface adjacent to the pad and take damage.  God forbid you make this mistake jumping for a perch at any decent hight, as missing your target can easily kill you, or take your heath down to such a low point that any random hit from an opponent will finish you off.Then there are bait and switch setups that have you believing a building you are seeking to enter is a safe zone.  I came back to one I'd found on an earlier mission the day before which was clear of infected then, only to find it had been infested with the creeps when I got back later.  This sort of con is not at all what I'm happy to see in a game I paid good money for."
76561198209688331,Recommended,239140,18165512,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Chain Attack!,"Amazing! Absolutely stunning Graphics, Gameplay, and Game feel! Just be sure to optimize before playing! Otherwise your experience may not be as good, I give Dying Light 9/10 and my Seal of Approval!"
,Recommended,239140,18162585,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Trixim,"So, when DL was first released, it was released with a vast amount of other ""zombie survival"" games, so honestly it took me a while to work up the guts to buy it.  I had the idea that it would be like many of the others, but it is NOT!  Despite the relativley long intro, it kicks off with quite a thrill.  The ""parkour"" aspect really makes this game pop as well.  Combining the best aspects of games like Assassins Creed, with the free roaming, free crafting, and vast worlds of H1Z1 or DayZ, also give this game great playability.  I say go for it, its a fun game, and I am certain I shall play it till the end."
,Recommended,239140,18163110,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Phae,"Imagine if you will, mirror's edge. Parkour where there is no limit to how you can approach your destination. Now put that in the midst of a zombie outbreak with killer story and leveling based on the things you do. Congrazzles, you just imagined Dying Light."
,Recommended,239140,18164729,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,siborg51,"I put so much time into this game, it's unreal. Such a good game. The freerunning and combat flow together, and drop kicking a zombie off a building never gets old.8/10 - Definitely worth buying, especially if it's on sale"
76561198002840418,Recommended,239140,18149694,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Wonko,"Free running, zombies, a beautifully sculpted world, and a seeming unending supply of new weapons, and mods. It's where dead island meets the assassin's creed games. To top off the gift pack, it supports the steam workshop, making it easy to both find other peoples home made content, and make your own."
76561198004845579,Recommended,239140,18166956,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The_Texas_Rattlesnake,"This game is what Dead Island tried to be, and why Dead Island failed.You will not be disappointed at this game."
76561198128577354,Recommended,239140,18166991,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Delkyos,"This is my first time recommending a game, but i this game to those wondering about getting this game. JUST DO IT!!!!!!! It is really fun, the graphics are good, you can slaughter zombies and zombies get harder when daylight goes down. The missions are easy to complete by yourself. The only down fall of this game is that guns are not as strong as melee weapons, but i haven't played in a while, so i dont know if they made some changes. Still recommended and still good."
76561197973831370,Recommended,239140,18167305,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kitch,Almost perfect
76561198016723327,Recommended,239140,18169941,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Tinivuel,Best of it's kind.
76561197972184374,Recommended,239140,18167530,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,astro13,"Excellent game.  Very large open world.  Lots of zombies and even at a high level you still don't want to drop into a large group of them.  Loved the passage of time from day to night and the night hunters.  The parkour took a little getting used to but after some practice I can't imagine the game without that feature.  It is a definite advantage to be able to climb pretty much anything in the game.  Kind of wish there were more types of zombies and more missions, although there are a lot of missions.  Hoping for more DLC's or sequels to the game."
76561198032293266,Recommended,239140,18167796,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Desert Ranger,Loved this game.  First game where the world is three dimensional!  Zombies chasing you? Climb a building!  Just don't try that at night.  Very scary. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,239140,18272572,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Xeffx,I r8 8/8 m8. Recommended my frend. Play with friends for more fun and easier to plae yoloswag2015420blazeit1337360swagscope
,Recommended,239140,18276451,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Deadstopp,"Honestly one of the best games I have ever played. Played the game co-op from start to finish with my girlfriend. Awesome gameplay and amazing story, although the side quests were slightly boring at times.Would recommend it to anyone that is keen on the zombie-slaying genre, as well as anybody looking for an epic and seamless co-op experience.10/10 would slay again."
76561198065803546,Recommended,239140,18270561,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,infernity,Great game worth it if you can get it on special or on the cheap.Mow down zombies by day and hide by night and if your found at night RUN !Cant wait for the next Dying light if they make one !
,Recommended,239140,18271225,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MEOW,Hands down the best game I've ever played. 10/10
76561198205305528,Recommended,239140,18275560,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,love_struck_1979,"As to all the other reviews I have read on here I would have to agree with most if not all, so far I am only 14 hours into this game and I am loving it."
,Recommended,239140,18282940,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Crimson Executioner,"I think peoples negative reviews stem from either their computer, or the fact that they're expecting way too much from the parkour portion of the game.  The game is about having an open world zombie enviroment, and the parkour is just a bonus.  As far as weapons losing integrity rather quickly, well, they do.  However, had they made the integrity stronger, it would be too easy.  They make it that way so the player has to actually go digging through garbage and random bags on the road to find a new weapon.  It gives a more survival-like feeling to the game.  Overall, I'd highly recommened it.  It's fun, the story is good, and it makes you think.  On top of that, I find it terrifying walking around the city at night.  You can't help but feel scared and hide from the infected.9.3/10"
,Recommended,239140,18281845,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Crunchyburger,just do it
76561198102040442,Recommended,239140,18282109,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,clgolfer,"I highly recomend this game for anyone who plays with friends or random people online. If you prefer to play this game by yourself, I would like to caution you to play on normal because hard forces such lopsided leveling due to loss of survivor points. which in turn reinforces the difficulty of the game. Med packs are not nearly available enough when you get swarmed by 6 virals at the drop of a hair pin. I tend to burn through 10 a day and then keep on dying till I am able to attain more. In other words this game was based around multiplayer difficulty. Being a singleplayer against the enemy zombie player is very difficult due to how the zombie can do an enourmous amount of damage if someone isnt watching your back.  Overall this game is ok by yourself, but for it to be worth full value you must play with other players."
,Recommended,239140,18283485,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MrPapaya,"This is more like dead island than dead island 2 looks like it will be,"
76561197968368694,Recommended,239140,18302041,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jarefu,
76561197981700735,Recommended,239140,18302790,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[UGC] W4rCh1Ld,"Killing zombies - what's not to like?  Not a huge fan of parkour games, but still enjoyed the story.  Kind of a short game, though - finished it in 28 hours."
76561198176965131,Recommended,239140,18268338,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Honey Roasted,love this game but a bit laggy at times
,Recommended,239140,18268722,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Snow Panzer,"I feel like in todays world, there are to many zombie games/movies/tv shows. The whole zombie fad is kinda getting out of handbut oh my god this game, this game is freaking amazing.The multiplayer is fun as hell, while the single player life is just as fun.  The online is very well done, no complaints at all. Its not another ""Just kill a ton of zombies"" but more like ""Lets kill a ton of zombies, but actually make it entertaining with different weapons""One of my favorite games yet."
,Not Recommended,239140,18269602,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Matt,"This game was fun for the first 10 hours, then I found scavenging and looting to be overly repetative. In addition, the hunter game at night is way OP for the Zombie Side. It only takes one hit to kill a human and about 50 to kill a zombie. its way too difficult to make fun. This game is fun, but only for the first few hours. The graphics and world are well done, and its beautifully polished. But I just couldn't get over how repetative this game was. its a game based around looting and scavenging. Essentially it's just farming with little pay off. The normal NPC zombies are stupid hard sometimes. They chase you, and while I think zombies would chase a person, they're far too agile and smart to be actual zombies. Zombie lore suggests that zombies are supposed to be mindless automontons. This game suggests that they're intelligent enough to climb buildings at fast paces and chase humans down. I don't think this game well designed. Its too much dependent on finding stuff, and I don't think tis a good game overall."
76561198129390065,Recommended,239140,18218064,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,AGoatHurdler,"Demo was pretty fun... runs smoothly at just over balanced graphics on my rig... thought ""lets buy the game""... plays tutorial ""this is really fun""... gets outside (to meet the doctor) lag lag lag lag FPS moves from a steady 40ish to like 2... trys putting everything on minimul... no change... WTF, don't start selling a game that doesn't actually work and make me spend £28 for no reason... Fix it please!!"
,Recommended,239140,18219305,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Thats The Spirit,I was very happy with this deal...
,Recommended,239140,18219314,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dxdiag,Very Nice storyline and graphics
76561197988602780,Recommended,239140,18256186,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,j4m3z88,Best game ive played. Cant wait for the following to be released.
76561198085151076,Recommended,239140,18254921,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,iggg,good video game
,Recommended,239140,18257817,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ZMA,"Excelent Game, I've got no words to discribe such awesome zombie game !!!!100% recommended for player who enjoy ZOMBIE SURVIVAL"
,Not Recommended,239140,14398100,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/LANiD,"This game was so close to perfect.Pros:- There are some pretty cool special zeds- Parkour- Looking backwards while running from volatiles at night = holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants- Grappling Hook- Running around at night like idiots screaming trying to avoid volatiles.  Super fun.- Graphics & game design are for the most part really nice.Cons:-Seems to be the kind of game that once you beat it you kinda just drop it and rarely come back, if at all due to the following:- VS mode could use some expanding upon / balancing... gets old quick- not enough things to do.  doing missions gets old.- lots of npcs with the same voice actor or look like their player model was just recolored or both. ruins the atmosphere/moodThis game is so close to perfect and I can see why, it's ambitious as hell, kind of like Dead Island or whatever.  It can be fun but leaves us players wanting more.  Loot competitions and who can kill the most zeds the fastest is a good start, but we need more high quality human-oriented game modes.  NPCs and missions just get so old.  There's a few other good ones but it's not always easy to find a good group to even being playing, and you certainly won't find yourself doing any kind of team vs team race to get the loot competitions, which I think would've been so, so ♥♥♥♥ing fun.  Just queue up whenever you want and bam you get matched up for doing silly♥♥♥♥♥♥that only survivors of a zombie apocalypse would do to eachother.  Instead you're strung along in all the cliche drama the thin plot has to offer.I obviously couldn't have done better myself, but GIVE US MORE or I will be forced to leave this as a recommended NO - until the price drops dramatically."
,Recommended,239140,16889061,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,{GDQ} B.Harvest,Peter Parker on Bath Salts.
76561198141417020,Recommended,239140,16890544,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,JBfauxreal {HUDU},"The graphics and story are enough to bring you in but the gameplay really sells it.  It's challenging and fun. Honestly, I think it's the best game I've played all year.  The parkour is a blast and making the better weapons is pretty trial-and-error based.  Dying Light is a horror based first person action RPG with survival elements and it's just so enjoyable getting into.  Of course it's even more fun playing with friends.  EASILY the best zombie game out there.P.S. One really small thing about this game that earns a little extra credit from me is the fact that it is the only game I've played on PC that has FULL PS4 controller support.  It even uses the light bar!  I know it's such a small feature but I think it's really cool that they included it.  Thanks."
,Recommended,239140,17451607,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,A S.T.A.L.K.I.N.G S.T.A.L.K.E.R,"Weak narrative, held up by fantastic gameplay, nice graphics, and a fun night-time transformation into a survival horror game.8/10, I'm happy with my purchase."
76561198088639621,Recommended,239140,17454287,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bacardi Blue,ZOOOOOOMBIES!!!!!!
76561198165328431,Recommended,239140,17457684,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,DANVIC,"Really good game. Hard not to recommend. Everything is really polished. The option to find matching coop games works well and the coop overall is funny. The day and night cycles are not too short, which is good (I was playing the Forest before this and this was a point of concern to me). It allows you to run for a long time before needing to rest. They really took care of removing all features that would be annoying for the gameplay."
76561198086328037,Recommended,239140,17458871,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,PainfulArc,10/10
76561198130710785,Recommended,239140,17459521,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,marlon2070,loved it gameplay is awesome
76561198179248723,Recommended,239140,17408845,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Scream4me,this is hardcore s..t right here
,Recommended,239140,17411167,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,snmrimoldi,"Excellent game, storyline, gameplay. Leaves you with that sensation of fullness few games can."
,Recommended,239140,17412264,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,"Ra-UL ""Gooseman""",incredibly addicting gameplay and gorgeous visuals. very well optimized too
76561198111482847,Recommended,239140,17413514,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ploxth,u suck yop
76561198035173192,Recommended,239140,17416175,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MorningMoke,so far best zombie game i have ever played
76561198006687863,Recommended,239140,17420832,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Malbolsia,"It is official ... the creaters of this game are pure evil.Yeah ... I was in game, having fun, kicking infected off of rooftops, like you do ... and in the interest of full disclosure, I did get the radio call telling me night was coming and to get to a safe house. Really? These slow zombies at night? Please! I really don't need to be babied ......... then other zombies, which shall go unamed to protect the innocent, started hunting me ... I was crouched on a rooftop and I can hear them circling below, breathing heavy. CREE-PEE ......... I tried to sneak back to the safe house, honest I did ... but then they found me and started screaming and going crazy and then it was a full pile-on. What did I do? I kept my cool ... then sprinted off screaming at the top of my lungs, vaulting over undead, cars, trash cans, payphones, you name it. Once I got back inside I cried for a bit and I think I pee'd myself a little....I swear NEVER to go out at night again ... ever, ever, ever ... with the exception of this one mission ... that they want me to do at night.You guys (devs) must have had a rough childhood ... just sad.All said and done, some of the most fun I have ever had in a game. Pretty damn great! (Yeah ... my childhood was messed up too!  :-)"
76561198101796789,Recommended,239140,17147413,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Professor Fox,"Well folks! It's Dying Light! An extremely hyped game that people had high hopes for! And for the most part, it succeeds. First, this may be a personal opinion, but the voice acting in this game seems to be iffy on certain characters, it's just a pet peev but still for a triple A game, you need to fix your voice actors microphones, that or make them put some emotion into their voice after hearing their hubby died, mmkay? But let's get down to brass tacks shall we?(WARNING: This will be a LONG review, with as much information as I can muster into it, so if you're looking for the essentials, you may need to find another reviewer, or maybe I'll remember to get the big things down at the bottom.)The Cons:1) The Parkour system could use some work, there are certain situations that a nerdy kid who hasn't been outside in a week could climb, and your guy is just like ""OH Iz D@t hou we Perker!? OopSIe!"" But seriously, this dude is bi-polar about his effectiveness in this parkour system that is otherwise perfectly fine.2) HUMAN ENEMIES! If you ever wanted enemies to hate, make it these guys, for some reason these people can hit a throwing knife outta the air because they are obviously Ninjas! Oh and whenever you swing they will block it, and there is no block for their attacks and the only way to really avoid them is to use their dodge system (We will get to THAT momentarily) or the grapple, which sometimes decides not to work, and I've tested it, I'm not just some scrub-lord! There are moments where your character refuses to throw this guy with a machete off the roof.3) The Dodge mechanic, for whatever reason, this is honestly the most useless kind of dodge system ever, there are really only two situations you'll ever need it, and in both you'll be filled with dissapointment 65% of the time. So you can move back, left, and right, pretty simple, right? Well yeah it is, but the thing is if you base certain enemies on a dodge mechanic that doesn't work properly, then you'll just be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off your consumers. One of the most annoying things in this game is when you try to dodge to the side to avoid that guy slashing at you, only to find that apparently he has the arc of a Warhammer, when he's using a Chef's knife, thus rendering only going back to effectively avoid the enemies and that gets boring and still at times, does not work.4) The ending of the game, I'm not gonna give spoilers...But do you remember Button-mashing sequences? Yeah, I wasn't a fan of them either.5) The story, to be fair, it's a zombie game so if you bought it for a story then you're already doing it wrong but seriously I guessed the entire plot as soon as I met the antagonist, but then again, my hindsight might just be a hinderence here. :PFinally after sifting thru the bad, and occasionally the ugly! Let's move onto the good!The Pros:1) You can feel like the Ultimate zombie killing machine seriously, sometimes you just get these moments where you can jump down from a roof, stab that dude, throw a knife (granted if he didn't block it -_-) to stun that guy, slash his buddy and finish off the guy you threw a knife into. Seriously, there will be moments where you feel like you own the world and I like that, so hats off to ya ladies & gents!2) The Parkour is pretty free-flowing, aside from the few situations as I said above, you can pretty much run, jump, and slide everywhere and it helps you move around the map FAR quicker than if you had to take all the backroads and dig a hole to China to get to objective A only to go to checkpoint B with even more frustration.3) Guns, yes, yes, guns, I know there's a huge debacle wether or not a zombie game should be reliant on guns, but I feel this game has done a pretty swell job of getting it right. They don't give you super over-powered guns, nor do they give you much ammo, thus making the player conserve ammunition, and keep to your Melee weapon as your main source of damage until you REALLY need those bullets.4) The side quests, these things actually give you some really cool stuff! Seriously, there's one in perticular that I did and I'm still using the tools the quest provided me with, just because it was an actually effective weapon that can last me quite a while.5) The amount of weapons, seems to be pretty expansive, there's one-handed, and two-handed weapons that both obtain different points for as you level up, which yes there is a leveling up system, which will be addressed shortly. I can honestly say that I've only had to use the same looking weapon about twice, the rest of the time it seemed to have unique features that others did not, not to mention some of these weapons look awesome! And you'll feel awesome afer you slab a battery on it, and shock that zombies face off!6) Multi-player, as always, butchering zombies with your friends is a blast, and you'll have funny stories reffering to ""Your hammer, goes in, but doesn't always come out"" plus, maybe you could work in a little imagination and make a role-playing thing out of it! I dunno, I'm just spitballing here.7) The game at night, seriously, when you're wandering around this game at night you'll feel like there is something behind you, a LOT probably because there are several things behind you, two of which are seven feet tall and have an exceptional hankering for human flesh, although after a while it won't be as bad, you'll still have your fair share of jump-scares and creepy moments (Side note! There is one quest in particular that did it really well! I loved the sequence and I think that they should try doing it more in later games.)To wrap this up we're gonna go over the Largest points of the game starting with the badCons:-Your character randomly forgetting how to climb that fence right there that you can most definetly climb.-Human enemies are annoying and you will want to find and kill their families (if they're still alive.)-Dodging feels really stupid and is very rarely actually useful.-The end of the game, seriously you guys, if you are a true gamer you'll understand the sin committed here.-The story, although this is relatively little because it's a zombie game, this one felt really cliche.Pros:-This game effectively makes you feel like you are indeed the Terminator himself-Parkour is rather free-flowing and effective at getting around the maps.-Guns aren't OP and they don't give you enough ammo to take over Africa single-handedly.-Side quests are actually rewarding and can give you some pretty nifty equipment, especially later on in the game.-The Sheer amount of melee weapons, gives you a big sense of ""Oooh! Which one to pick! Decisions, decisions.""-Multi-player is fun, running around a map full of zombies is fun, although the PvP mode is a little iffy at first, with a little practice and patience, it can be extremely fun and heart-pounding-This game has an amazing ability to become a horror game withing seconds, (specifically referring to night-time) and honestly, I like that a lot because it keeps the player on edge, and makes sure you don't run around like a dingus all the time."
76561198230175420,Recommended,239140,17148364,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,sloppyunicorn,"Honestly - great game overall.TL:DR - Story is a bit ""meh"" (disclaimer: not 100% finished yet), parkour is pretty smooth and solid (8.5/10), the melee weapons are phenomenal, the shooting is decent (7/10), zombie types are varied enough, and the gameplay is solid (9/10).Pros- Melee weapons are incredibly fun.- Enough varation of zombie types.- Parkour system is fairly smooth- Skill trees make sense and you skill up by using the skill (parkour increases agility, killing increases power, interacting with world increases survivor).- Devs seem genuinely decent and also have a good amount of humor. Interesting easter eggs and references throughout the world.Neutral- Looting. Even on hard it feels like there is too much loot but it kind of fits the games narrative if you intend to role play. The main story happens fairly quickly and is very time-sensitive but the game doesn't force a match between the day/night cycle and the story.- Not much variety among guns and no scaling. I get that the point of the game is to go melee badass on zombies and also focus on stealth but the guns should at least scale a bit or have a way to upgrade. Basically the only time to use guns in this game is against the human factions/characters or mowing down weaker zombie types.Cons- Inventory. You get a globally accessible player stash but it has no panels to filter your items - it's just all one big list. It can get tiresome.- No food/water gauge. I would love to see this implemented (even if only on hard mode or as an optional addon)."
,Recommended,239140,17117238,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,average rustmite,is good might want buy
76561197986779741,Recommended,239140,18416506,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,andreas,"This game is a lot of fun. The way your move around in the city using parkour movements feels really great, and one can never complain about being able to slaughter hordes of zombies in all possible ways :). The game also gradually opens up new content as you gain experience, so there is almost always something new to see or do. I've spent 30 hours already in the game and haven't even completed 25% of it."
,Recommended,239140,18326536,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Fractyl_Dactyl,DO. NOT. PLAY. IN. DARK.8/10 worth every little girl scream and pants-stain.
76561198024154368,Recommended,239140,18335437,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Wayne_N7,Better with friends!
76561198027711230,Recommended,239140,18398036,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Despairbear,"Dying light has been out for a while now and I picked it up when I was able to get it on sale, like many people this is why I use steam. For the most part this a very good zombie FPS, so many things are done just right and there are not too many issues with the things done wrong. The critiques I have are few;1)I wish there way more of a stealth game here, later in the skill tree you can do sneaky kills but it is nearly impossible to use a real stealth strategy for a majority of the game.2)The crafting is a little shallow, lots of stuff you can make really easy in fact too easy. All of the ingredients for crafting are easy to acquire and commonly available there is rarely a need to find any ingredients as you will most likely have them in your inventory already. Takes some of the ""survival"" feeling out of the game.3) Climbing is a little too variable, it can be hard to maintain a climb and some climbing surfaces require you to hold the spacebar, or tap the  spacebar, or don't even touch the spacebar. Expect to fall to your death for doing something that worked somewhere else fine just a second ago.Now some stuff that is done well:1) The game interface has a semi steep learning curve but once you get a handle on it you can expect to nearly fly over the rooftops of the city; quick, fun and well done.2) Zombies are dangerous! Really, you get in melee combat with more than one or two zombies and you can expect to get eaten like twinkie in the hands of a 2 year old kid. Pick lone targets or use ranged weapons if you want to live.3) Night is dark. Really dark. If you are well prepared you can do some good stuff at night for a good XP bonus but if you just decide to make a quick jaunt across town in the black of night you will end up zombie food before you can even figure out where the hell you are.Looking for a good zombie FPS? You should really  take a look at Dying Light, while it is not a classic in the making it is a damn good game and worth your $$$.7/10"
76561198147032657,Recommended,239140,18399618,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sync.,Its great.
76561198162981772,Recommended,239140,18419460,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ThatOneAutisticFuck,Yes Definetly 10/10 13/13 7/7 totally worth it.
76561198117931813,Recommended,239140,18419895,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,St.Protato.Cakes,"I wish that there could be more expansion like if you make it over the bridge in the normal game without dlc, but overall this is a really well done game with the physics and gameplay. also try more weapons and guns ;)"
,Recommended,239140,18414227,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Final Contra,"Dying Light manages to shine despite being buried in an overly saturated zombie game market. I struggle with getting through open world games but this one had enough variation to keep me interested enough to finish the campaign and a good amount of side missions. The game's biggest strength is that it makes sure that the spotlight is shared between parkour and zombies. This is balanced so well that even just wandering around the world just makes you feel like it's all one giant, infected playground. I have 30 hours logged at the time that I'm writing this and it still is just so damn fun climbing buildings and drop kicking zombies off of rooftops.My only issue with the game is that it has a little bit of jank with hit detection with virals and humans. If they try to dodge an attack, they will phase right through attacks regardless of them having a machete wedged in their foreheads. I have also been blown up through solid walls by explosives. I assure you this is a bug, not a feature."
,Recommended,239140,18415488,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kaichicken10,gg
76561198165469978,Recommended,239140,18413261,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Raj,i love the game but it wont open because of load error 3:0000065432 plz help
76561198047316022,Recommended,239140,18422687,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Radiius,"Overall: 8/10Based on playing only the core campaign, I found that I enjoyed the game, but noticed some areas of improvement. It seemed like all the humans/zombies were well balanced and made the game feel rewarding and not frustrating. With some believable aspects and limitations, it did well in depicting the scenario, but a poor story can make it tough to get attached to the game.Story: 5/10The character development was rather weak, and the whole concept of who exactly you were wasn't well defined. It seemed like there was a twist that was waiting to happen but never did. Also, it was horribly predictable. SPOILER ALERT (This is the story broken down):Guy is undercover to find cure, guy meets/falls for girl, bad guy kidnaps her, guy finds out boss of undercover operation is corrupt, gotta find info for cure to rescue her, etc.Not great.On the bright side, the campaign took my roommate and I about 25 hours to complete, which I felt was adequate. I hope they add on to the story in some form of DLC rather than a new game. Just because the story was predictable, doesn't mean you can't hope they reveal more anyways.Gameplay (Character Control): 9.5/10Controlling your character might be a bit awkward at first, but once you get a hang of it, it feels almost flawless. Movement of your character is exactly how it should be in this style of game: Forgiving yet believable. It doesn't punish you for making little mistakes (which are expected with how fast you'll go when running from the zombies). It feels extremely reliable, and I enjoyed being able to fight the zombies, NOT the game. It did, however leave a bit to be desired for the missions you get when you're trying to be stealthy. The ability to peek around corners would be appreciated, for example.Gameplay (Combat): 8/10Again, forgiving yet believable. Hits were solid and gunfire is accurate. I do wish there were more of a variety of guns though. Playing through the campaign yielded only about 5 different guns you could use, but none of them offered customization options.Graphics: 8/10Ran very smooth on a 970 on High graphics. Good attention to detail for such a large map, and the map was well built at that. I only glitched through to the bottom of the map once by standing on a supply box while my roomate opened the box. I was able to swim through all the walls, and pull myself up whenever I wanted to. Odd but rare.Summary-Fun to play with friends, or alone if you like the thrill. The night is fun, and I'd recommend staying out a few hours at night to have some fun and grab crazy experience. At this point I'd say this is for sure a $30 game to play just the campaign, and the extras may increase the worth."
76561198070411573,Recommended,239140,18409093,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,knightyoshie,great game all the way trough with awesome gameplay but reduced to a bloody quick time event ending like every other triple A
76561198126570025,Recommended,239140,18427665,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Alpha Wolfie,its a verry fun game u dont get good direcly but wen u get going u will be unstpleble
,Recommended,239140,18326921,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Oppa,Best Co-op/Single player game I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,239140,18347708,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,shadow731,this game is great lots of fun no issues and worth the money
,Recommended,239140,18330341,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Gentoo,"Awesome gameplay, atmosphere is great and awesome zombies! Also really easy to play coop, works really great."
76561198075101158,Recommended,239140,18375053,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Thunder,"Wow is the story boring, otherwise pretty good"
76561198004581037,Recommended,239140,18375861,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,aserothbw,"If you go by some people I know, this is the game Dead Island should have been. Having played and enjoyed both Dead Island games, not really seeing it, but still a great game worth playing if you like zombies, survival, and parkour.Open World Zombie Survival with parkour let's you reach places normally unreacable. Add to that enemies who can follow you to those places, makes for interesting gameplay. Like Dead Island, guns are there, but often time more of a detriment then a benefit, which forces you to either take it up close and personal, or get your running shoes on to run when you shoot, as loud noise does attract infect that will chase you. Add to that a wealth of weapons and schematics, a number of quests, and a vastly different landscape between day and night, makes for a zone to spend a lot of time exploring and gaming in. The story itself was also very good, with some elements of choice and consequence, as well as some looks at morality, and what one will do to survive (not just from the player's perpective).My only real complaint is that leveling can be a little slow depending on your play style. You will most likely have to spend some time grinding out xp and one point or another. Not really a big issue, as it can also give you a chance to explore, collect items you might need, and play with some of the traps. I doubt some people would even really call it an issue really.If you like open world, and you like zombies, you must play this game. Do not question, do not hesitate, just do eet!"
,Recommended,239140,18362206,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,NotKorean,"Crane, why are you screaming? -Karim""SOME ♥♥♥♥ED UP INFECTED WITH ITS GUTS HANGING OUT OF ITS MOUTH JUST SPIT TOXIC SNOT AT ME"" -Kyle Crane.You can already tell that this game is gonna freakin rock"
,Recommended,239140,14202675,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,signor.нustle,Просто восхитительно.................................................................................
,Recommended,239140,19035500,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Leif.Ross,"Looking back at 2015, this is probably the most fun i have had in a game this year."
76561197994878992,Recommended,239140,19083715,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,James,Great game to play with friends! definitely worth a purchase.
76561198233034080,Recommended,239140,19084816,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fritzsche,"What an amazing game, I never thought a zombie game can be this much fun."
76561198017162085,Recommended,239140,19064138,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Samthesham,Good game worth the money!
,Recommended,239140,19061423,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,P𝔯𝔢𝔞𝔠𝔥𝔢𐍂[Global Conflict Gaming],probvably one of the best zombie games in its style
76561198038214318,Recommended,239140,19081043,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LionHeart88,Amazing.
76561197971317356,Recommended,239140,19081234,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Heatlump,Mostly good game. Good for multiplayah actions.> Falling off things due to clunky climbing mechanics and loosing all your experience points will make you angry.> Ending is really not worth it:♥♥♥♥♥♥end to the story and an incredibly ardous last quest / qte leading to the end. Do yourself a favor and don't bother with the last story quest.
,Recommended,239140,30608725,Posted: 18 March,all,themumlord,"I played this game exclusively as a co-op title and it was a blast. The movement in the game handles nicely, the melee combat is great, and the parkour traversal of the ruined city is fun and exciting. The way the game handles the tension of day verus night is also great, nighttime feels oppresive not only with the reduced vision due to how dark it is but the harder volatile monsters that come out.Story I can't tell you much about, not because I don't want to spoil it for you but because I pretty much ignored it. My buddy and I had a blast dropkicking zombies, snapping their necks, and hackin them to bits to care about saving the city or its doomed denziens.The only time this game stumbles on is the forced single player moments, and the latter half of ""The Following"" DLC. The forced single player moments cheapen the experience by not letting you and your buddy crack the skulls of the big bad guys, and the following DLC near the end got repeatitive with the constant back and forth traversals across the map.But besides those screw ups this game is all around a fun experience and should most certainly be experienced with a friend."
76561198002386545,Recommended,239140,19068178,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Kyus,One of the best Zombie games I have ever played!!! Playing with 3 other friends makes the experience so so much better.76.5 hours on record in the past 2 weeks.. Can't stop playing.. love it!
76561198184169063,Recommended,239140,19044855,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,sk0gg1es,Very good for playing with friends.
76561198059835216,Recommended,239140,19044986,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,applebeepatios,After about five minutes of game-play I stumbled into a quarantine zone without knowing what it was. I was immediately slaughtered. I will not rest until I've had my revenge. One day I WILL clear that quarantine zone. And then I'll start working on the next one.
,Recommended,239140,19043403,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,villecoder,"What a ride!  This is your sandbox experience if you're looking for a zombie game that adds the features of customized weaponry and character progression.  It's very reminiscent of Farcry.  You'll immediately see the parallels, so if you didn't like Farcry, you're probably not going to like this game either.  I liked the day/night mechanics, though I think the game went a little too far in discouraging me to go out at night as early as I should have been.  The night pursuits are possibly more fun than doing the missions.All in all, I can't stop recommending this game to my friends.  It's very fun and hits that zombie apocolypse thing just right."
,Not Recommended,239140,18268846,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,the one and only camel,"why are you even looking at the negative reviews? If you want a awesome, freeroam, zombie killing game. Look no further."
76561198089881698,Recommended,239140,19015878,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Number 2,Very fun to play. it is a bit confusing on the mechanics at first but it gets much better once you figure them out
76561198108355432,Recommended,239140,19004762,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,condortheboss,"The gameplay is great, very few glitches, sound is good, graphics are good for an open-world game. Only thing is that there is no support for headset users, like changing mic volume. When playing with others I can either barely hear them over the game sound/music/speech, or turn down all 3 volume options and they can't hear me.Also would like to see the skill level of people in multiplayer, and/or have level-matching for multiplayer so it's even."
76561198051385151,Recommended,239140,19028432,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,driek,"After playing all kinds of FPS since DOOM and Descent, this is the first game that made me actually feel physically sick. I hate the constant bobbing and uncontrolled movement, it is way overdone.Other than that I love this game. Smashing, kicking, throwing and shooting zombies, running, jumping and sliding across rooftops and alleys, crafting and collecting stuff, all wrapped in a very nice storyline. I love the detail and originality that went into the world, the stories and characters and the way the world evolves as your character does, to keep things from becoming dull. Completed the game, have 200 health and 1500+ damage weapons, but still scared to go out at night."
,Recommended,239140,19022185,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,HEdegren,love it! 10/10
76561198074984639,Recommended,239140,19027128,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Raphiel Ainsworth Shiraha,Best game 8/8/ m9
,Recommended,239140,19039832,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,LoekC | CS.MONEY,Awesome game its nothing new but its a cool concept its basicly a mix between Dead island and Mirros edge i think the story is not so bad as evryone says is verry siplistic yes but stil good. it looks verry good to i run it on max setting but i tryed it on the lowest setings and it stil looks realy good. its loads of fun and don't forget to spent your skill points on the drop kick :-D
,Recommended,239140,21828218,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Cognition,Huge map with lots to see.  Atmosphere is amazing.  Combat is actually very fun.
,Recommended,239140,21734617,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,'Captain Fantastic,The following isn't quite as good as the base game but it's not bad. The driving around gets a bit tedious sometimes and despite the map being huge there's not much in it. Just a lot of empty space and fields. Not a lot of places to do parkor either although there are one or two. If I gave the base game a 9/10 this expansion would be a 7/10.
,Recommended,239140,21739142,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,O wO,Love they added a vehicle to drive around places for quests. I also loved the legend level where I can upgrade dmg heal etc...I was hoping if they could somehow let us to craft our own weapons.
,Recommended,239140,21738499,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Army12bc,Awesome game that will keep your adrenaline up or your blood pressure depending on your experience.
,Recommended,239140,21746730,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Porter,"Dying Light is scary, challenging and an absolute blast to play with friends or family. Makes Call of Duty zombies look like mickey mouse. :)"
76561198035925915,Recommended,239140,30727770,Posted: 25 March,all,Siegmeyer,Mirror's Edge with ZombiesNuff Said
,Recommended,239140,21785496,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Helge S,This is quite honestly one of the best games i have ever played. Dropkicking a zombie and watching his internal bones crack up? Awesome! Parkour through hordes of zombies in the middle of night being chased by monsters? Awesome! Excellent storyline as well and tons of details. This to me is what gaming is all about. Absolutely recommend!
,Recommended,239140,21802140,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Paradox,"Quick ReviewSCROLL DOWN FOR DETAILED VERSIONSingleplayer Experiance: 9/10Multiplayer Experiance: 8/10Story: 7/10Graphics: 8/10Campaign Completion: 35-45 HoursComplete Completion: 200+ HoursOverall: 8.5/10A great zombie game for any fan of the genre or someone who is interested!DETAILED REVIEWDying Light mixes parkour with zombie survival in a great way. There is an extensive story mode and many optional side missions to do a long the way. The map is farily large which is split into two main areas, its very detailed and most buildings can be entered. Safehouses scatter the world which you must clear out and take hold of to try and survive the night. The night dynamic in the game is also a great addition. There have been many adreniline moments while playing this game like running on rooftops in the pitch black with nothing but a torch and a horde of zombies chasing you. This game is truly one of my favourite zombie games out there.The only problem I can think of with this game is the online experiance. Players will usually leave you for dead as well as stealing all resources/weapons. If you want to play with others I highly recommend playing with friends. Also Be The Zombie mode is a bit naff with not many players online to play it so you struggle to find a match, thats just my opinion though.The new DLC (The Following) is a nice eddition to the game and gives it a refreshing look taking you to a new map with new weapons and characters and the new introduction of vechicles. Its a great DLC and offers a kind of ""second game"" on top of the base game which extends the game's play time.Thanks for reading its much appreciated! :)Please leave a rating to help me improve!"
,Recommended,239140,22354443,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Johnny Tightlips,thinks is doing goodplays at nightgets killed to many times to count........10/10 would die again
,Recommended,239140,22355020,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Pixe[L],BEST zombie game ever
76561198200885966,Recommended,239140,22380677,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,amoran957,"Did a full walk through on my PS4 awhile back and decided to get the full DLC package for my pc. Great fun addicting game with some pretty good graphics. Amazing movement/running controls. Easy to get lost in the world. If you're looking for zombie/kill'em games, this is the top game."
,Recommended,239140,22421175,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Fury_FX,like the best zombie game ever gonna take beating for a zombie game overcome this even dead island 3 is the challanger!!
,Recommended,239140,22416397,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Roots of Weeb,one of the best games i wll ever play. the story was amaing. the co-op was extremly fun. there's so much to do in this game its mind blowing. totally worth the buy.
76561198119701905,Recommended,239140,22421129,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Regi,"Unlike the name suggests, covering myself in zombie guts make me feel alive.1/10 misleading title."
,Recommended,239140,22439004,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bozzl,"First day i bought this game had a cool person join in and give me mad free♥♥♥♥♥♥now we murder on the reg. been so much fun so far lot of options how to get around i have just over 20 hours clocked and i have only got to the second area of the game (i sight see and do hella side quests mind you). and i still have the whole darn DLC to play as well.and a side thing i noticed while i was playing that i really enjoyed is the leveling system. you have your general level which you rank up by helpping out and progessing through the story.......then you have your agility and assult levels. and upon thinking about it, i believe this is a metaphor for the human id factor. progessivly leveling not only your own intellect and standing with in the community but also your most basic instincts fight or flight will level up too."
,Recommended,239140,22351372,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Phoxyyy,"Highly recomend this game. The story line is great, zombie types are plenty, movement and action are some of the best I've seen. Everything you'd look for in a great zombie game :3"
76561198250772712,Recommended,239140,22352141,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mr.VaporizedCow,6/5 stars. cooleo. really writing this for a badge. anyways. favorite game. blablabla. sweet.
76561198035812722,Recommended,239140,14780712,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,worzel910,"I gave this a bad review to start with, this was due to the masive let down by the ending which spoiled the whole game for me on my first play through. Thus the bad lashout I gave.However, on refelection having to start a replay I have to admit it's a GOOD game. There's prety much everything in it for every one."
76561198167137366,Recommended,239140,22407994,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ruby,Basicly an accurate parkour simulator with the side of murdering zombies.10/10I did play again.
,Recommended,239140,22414755,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Severe Peanut Allergy,"It's Mirror's Edge parkour with Dead Island zombies and weapons. Oh, and a grappling hook. And a HL2 buggy if you grab the expansion.At this point, it's pretty freakin' hard to go wrong."
,Recommended,239140,17555307,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ＡＮＵＢＩＳ,#Worth9/10Better with friendsVery adren pumpingfun to kill zedsMake sure you can run this before buying
76561198036542032,Recommended,239140,17557203,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Nate,Singleplayer-zombie-sandbox-parkour-fps-melee-action-rpg done right.
,Recommended,239140,17559604,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,big boi tyrone,Requires money and a good PC but F*** its good when you get it
76561197995696722,Recommended,239140,17441394,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,40RaT,This is a Good game. Just play it and enjoy it already! It is a lot of fun.
76561198235169448,Recommended,239140,17562441,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Spacegoat Mofo,"31 hrs on record so far...this game is brilliant,the first few hours are a bit of a struggle but once you learn the ropes it is gripping,a big thumbs up for this monster of a game, really enjoying!!"
76561197981884214,Recommended,239140,17669302,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,brandon00736,story great fighting great parkouring great every thing is great
,Not Recommended,239140,17670497,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,intangir,"i can't get this to play at all on linux, wasted alot of money on it and their techsupport has given me the runaround and now has started telling me to do the same things ive already tried before..if your on linux probably shouldn't buy it, the support is bad"
76561197968833544,Recommended,239140,17671462,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Lord BEERus,"Actually surprised how much i enjoy this game. At first i thought it was going to just be a game where you would be more focused on the parkour element which was a turn off for me  however , it turns out they have implemented it very well , for a Zombie game it offers a fresh feel to the genre of gaming . I havent been able to stop roaming around Harran and find new and inventive ways of taking care of the zombies . Well worth playing !!"
,Recommended,239140,17676685,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,cloakstorm,Good game. Don't get out at night. Don't play alone.
76561198068299534,Recommended,239140,17680031,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,jae97,One of the best Zombie free running games around.8/10
,Recommended,239140,17793225,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,FinneganHark,"Dying Light is probably one of the best games of the year. The story leaves a lot to be desired, but as a platform for more content, Dying Light ROCKS. I can't wait to see what Techland has in store for this game, and it's one of the few ""platforms"" for DLC that I don't mind spending a little money on to support. The parkour aspects of the game in particular are near-flawless."
76561197976547501,Recommended,239140,30516786,Posted: 14 March,all,Dave Dolphin,"Good storyline, actually feels like a zombie apocalypse rather than just a mess about. from what i can remember it does not have alot of jump scares if any, more of a creepy and eerie feeling. fun machanics that allows to enjoy free rome. realistic too... as far as a zombie game can atleast. i just wish there would be a second one. hands down my number 1 zombie games i have played. also the DLC was a awesome add on too new map and a buggy? whats not to like :D"
,Recommended,239140,17765340,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Bailey,Picked this up on sale.  Worth every penny full price.  Fantastic gameplay!  I'll save you the boring details and get to the important stuff.  Two words:BUY IT.
76561197961638674,Recommended,239140,16786770,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,♛ telord,Sick.
,Recommended,239140,14248829,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,$peh,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game.I am above the recommended requirments of this game. Specs at bottom for those who want to read them. Even with the game at theLOWEST POSSIBLE SETTINGS, The game runs below 30 fps, which I canNOTunderstand. If you take a look at the quality of the game I am currently playing at:http://i.imgur.com/9dhqdmo.jpg. Now, if you're thinking ""What's wrong it it, it doesn't look so bad."", than try stretching it over an entire monitor. Now then, look at what the game looks like on PS4:http://i.imgur.com/OlXbyYb.png. You can practicallyTASTEthe♥♥♥♥♥♥wafting off of the game. But if you're thinking ""You're just reviewing the game off of its graphics and performance. You are the scum of the earth."", then keep reading. The game itself seems to be decent, but I haven't had much time to play it due to theHORRIBLE OPTIMIZATION. Not to mention, the fact that there isNEXT TO NO TEXTURE CHANGES. There are only two settings for the textures.MediumHighSo even if you have a sub requirments pc, you cannot run this game well, if at all.I believe that if there is going to be an animated menu, with a look at what the setting is, they  canAT LEASTmake it show you how it will run. When I played it, and had ~10 fps, I was dissapointed, then exited the game to see if there was any possible way to make the game run better. I found a guide on how to make it run better by changing the config files.I ♥♥♥♥ING COUDN'T BECAUSE WINDOWS RECOGNIZES THEM AS SCREEN SAVERS. When I was frustrated, I went back to the game to see if there were any settings I could have missed. That's when I found out that the menu was running at the max possible fps. I was ecstatic, as I thought I could finally play the game at a tolerable fps. Then I loaded into the game, and felt like I had gotten kicked in the stomach. The game was back to it's old♥♥♥♥♥♥self.I'm reviewing the game as negative, because of the fact that I coudn't even ♥♥♥♥ing play the game long enough to rate the game for it's story. If and when they release a game patch that fixes the flaws, I'll change this review to positive, and add on a review for the story, and post-patch game. But I'll leave the leave the large chunk above to remind people looking to buy the game how much of a steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥it was at the beginning.These are the settings I am running the game at currently.FOV - Max, because low looks like playing the game through ♥♥♥♥ing binocularsFullscreen - OnResolution - 1024x768 [4:3]Texture Quality - Medium, Can't go below itShadow Map Size - LowFoliage Quality - LowNVidia HBAO - OffNvidia Depth of Field - OffMotion Blur - OffDraw Distance - ZeroAll of this, and still running at a ♥♥♥♥ing horrifying frame rate. Until this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥gets patched, I'd advise not buying it. You'd just be wasting money.PC Specs just below for those who wish to see them.Windows 7 Ultimate 64 Bit, Up to dateBIOS Are up to dateAMD FX-8320 Eight-Core Processer @~3.5 GHz8GB RAMAMD Radeon R9 200 Series 4GB Graphics CardLG Flatron W2353V 1920x1080 60 Hertz[EDIT]After the patch, the game still has a *few* issues. It runs, but it still has performance drops sometimes, even with everything (still) set to low. Other than that, game is top."
,Recommended,239140,14363195,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,KMA,They Fixed it!
76561198035220582,Recommended,239140,14595389,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Angulimala,Hours of game play.  Good storyline that I actually paid attention to.  Great combat and modes of transportation.   The nighttime actually worried me for the first half of the game.  It remained dangerous throughout.  You are never too overpowered.  Just an excellent game.
,Recommended,239140,14588901,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,✧BIG BUNGU$✧,BEAST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!
76561198022226342,Recommended,239140,14594559,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,trueVenett,Awesome~!
76561198125881507,Recommended,239140,14597174,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Bartley,"Brilliant game, I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,239140,14457472,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Propper Gentleman,"The story is meh, but the combat feels amazing. Weapons feel as if they have weight and I love that the day/night cycle affects gameplay dramatically. It's so fun to play coop with firends and attempt to hold up in a house at night. Everything in this game looks pretty good, but the models for the weapons are godlt. *WARNING* I have a decent gaming PC, and I couldn't get my FPS above 30, even on the minimum settings. (In some areas it dropped to 10 FPS). Very fun game tho, 10/10 would bang."
,Recommended,239140,14597621,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Itter,6/5
76561197960689722,Recommended,239140,14598161,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,AshMaker,This game is LONG if you do the side quests.  I have 45 hours in and I am about 40% through with the game.  This is like dead island with very fun jump/climb mechanics.  I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,239140,14599154,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,donburi,"Great game, with impressive tech to be able to run this on my already-degrading ""gaming"" PC.  Even at the lowest settings the visuals are good and the performance is smooth.  It even looks better than console ports.  Gameplay is engaging and exciting once you get the flow of things, and I really think this plays better with the M+KB setup instead of gamepad.  *POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD* - The last act perfectly sums up the intensity of gameplay, up until the boss battle, which I'm sure most of you have heard about by now.  That was the most disappointing aspect I found with the game.Story - well, it's a zombie game so don't expect an Oscar award story here.  It suits the needs for the player to have purpose.Voice acting - I thought it was pretty good in English. Not sure where the hate comes from, especially tied to the story content.Gameplay - freerunning is excellent (again, M+KB setup is superior). Leveling up is worth it and fun to progress in.Graphics - I need a better PC, but it runs 100x better than WatchDogs on my current build, and the drawdistance is impressive even at the lowest settings.Replay Value - I think it's there, even though I'm not a huge fan of competitve MP.  There are side-quests and challenges to keep you busy, and even a bit of collecting for the completionists.TL;DR - Ran off a rooftop to drop-kick a zombie into a wall of spikes, while falling to my death.  Would do it again gladly."
,Recommended,239140,14599383,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Puppy,"Pro's- I really like how they took some of the thing like the stamina bar, fighting style, and some of the same action moves from Dead Island. Another thing I like about this game is how good the parkour is and how easy it is to drop because I think thats very realistic and I think and game needs a little realistic in its life. Another thing I like are the graphics because it is a very detailed game. But just make sure you have the right graphics card and enough ram to keep you going.Con's- The game was very unoptimized and I had to install a mod to make it work and it made the game look like crap. Until the 1.4.0 came out then it ran pretty good without all that ram usage and lower AMD processor power came on.9.5/10 would parkour again."
,Recommended,239140,14245066,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,evangael,Dying Light is a first person zombie survival game. It is heavily focused around melee-combat. Nevertheless there are some firearms available throughout the game. The story is interesting and becomes entertaining the more you play. Game lenght is also something which is quite good. You can easiliy lose several hours in one gaming session. This also has to do with the fact that the game is quite immersive and beautiful in its own way (mind that there is a zombie infestation going on). There is a lot of detail within the playing environment which makes the atmosphere excellent.Looting and crafting is fun to do and keeps you occupied for that extra piece of gear. There are a lot of (side-) missions to do so don't worry. CO-OP is available for those who want to pary up!All in all a very good game. The PC version is 'pcmasterrace' approved!
76561198073764444,Recommended,239140,14600872,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mörkö,:D
,Recommended,239140,14601201,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Jwe,"Disclaimer: this review is about single mode only. No coop or zombie mode minded when rated.7/10Pretty nice game. Can't say it is awesome though. Story is pretty much cliche, side quests are meh.So, pros:- Nice parkour system, it feel like it is the right way, not like AC series with one-button-run;- Awesome open world, and as fan of open worlds I know what I'm saying;- Nice visuals and scale of Harran city;So, as you can see, this is all about atmosphere. Atmosphere is hilarious.Cons:- Combat is meh. Nice choice of melee weapons and customization of them, but no real fight dynamic or options. Stealth is nice by some points, but not really playable. Ranged weapons is just big disappointment: there are 4 types of guns with constant damage value (rarity of gun doesn't matter at all - common, epic or legendary shotguns always will be with equal stats). No customization, no upgrades, no repair, just ammo-consumers which is irrelevant because you can always restock all of your ammo at shops.- As a soft completionist I did everything in this game: quests, challenges, safe points, recipes except for notes and records - I think this system is obsolete nowdays and noone wants to comb the whole city for 100 random notes (or pigeons) which add almost nothing to game. Yeah, I know, there was some guy who went for medicine and didn't make it, ok, thank you, dear note, but I don't really care about some noname guy, but I spent 40 minutes for one note to make this wonderful discovery.- Talent tree is kinda boring to level. Many pointless features you'll never use. I did complete combat tree 5 minutes before final scene, and it rewards me with tireless combat. Well, thank you, appreciate it... Believe me, I fought A LOT, half of the nights were spent in permanent combat to gain double points, other half (+/-) were spent on foot during roof and parkour runs with same goal. Agility tree - that's what I couldn't complete at all, stuck at level 21 and the game ended. 58,6 hrs on record.- Story is boring. Really boring.- Characters are just bogus. Even Watch Dogs got their Jordi.- Kids. Ohhhh boy, why did developers made such... HORRIBLE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s? Eyes, facial expressions, voices - all of that are just adult, it feels creepy. I understand why most NPCs told me they don't know how to behave with kids. You can't be calm and smiling with those creatures near you.- This game is awfully unstable atm, as I write this review. It's not about hi-tech your rig can't handle properly. This is just BAD testing and implementation. 41 crash logs in my Documents/Dying Light folder. Add about 15 BSODs here. I even forgot this screen is still may be happened. 5+ years back? Maybe. But not now. Simple calculations gives us 1 crash per hour.- And if your game crash in the middle of some mission or event, here goes spawn system. God, why? As I wrote in one of my comments, even if you quit properly being in Tower, on next launch you may be on top of some random hangar 100 miles away from the Tower. Pfff. I've seen a lot of checkpoint games, but this is one of the worst of them all.ConclusionSo, this game deserves it price, in my opinion. It shines at feeling big city crowded by infected, at feeling despair. And you feel wow-effect after you complete some tutorial missions. But before even midgame there is no survival, no point in scavenging and being on hunt, you don't even feel hunted. This game rewards you just in the beginning, giving you new costumes, sweet talent points, weapons, mods etc. Before midgame starts there is almost nothing to expect. As an example: after completing some pretty tough challenge series, you are rewarded with awesome purple sickle with 126  damage on it, while you handle some 2436 damage orange shortsword. Y u mad, bro? ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)It's not bad game. It's pretty good and worth your time and money if you like AC series, Mirror's Edge, Far Cry (this formula was mentioned a lot by reviewers and I agree with them). Just don't expect more than good, in my opinion."
76561198009000488,Recommended,239140,15834383,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,2fatactualnotinegypt,its a zombie game but its not a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,15860163,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hyhnx,"Very good, Great Graphics."
76561198026163238,Not Recommended,239140,15288529,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,JM,"I'll start by saying this isn't my genre, so it's possible I have missed some contribution this makes to zombie apocalypse games.The day/night cycle is an interesting idea, but forcing the player to travel in real time (instead of quick traveling) seems to be at odds with time being so distorted - I think it's something like 10 minutes real-world time counts for an hour in-game. Sadly, the day/night cycle is the only element that is unique, and this along with the depth of the weapon crafting system are the only elements that have not been done previously in the way they are done here.This game has good points, but the bad points outnumber them imo. The graphics are great in parts, but are too glitchy to really appreciate. The decision to deduct more points for deaths as the player progresses discourages players from doing side quests after leveling up significantly. The parkour is arbitrary on what and how an object can be used at a particular time. Combat is pretty standard, engagement distances seem arbitrary, timing is suspect, mechanics of weapon swings don't make sense in some ways. Elements of the story don't seem logical, and the story itself is very predictable. I won't keep going, but the list of issues is pretty long.If you are looking for a genre piece, are prepared to troubleshoot as necessary and you don't intend to think about the game too deeply it might be worth getting this on sale, but if you hope to gain from your gaming experience look elsewhere.EDIT: I have now finished the game, and I like it less for the last few missions.The only explanation I can think of is that someone thought the game was for zombies, rather than about them. I give this game a facepalm out of 5."
76561198182283430,Recommended,239140,15910244,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Live2Game,BUY IT! You wont regret it
76561198019643174,Recommended,239140,15993523,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,yannia,i love this game. I always come in to play at least once a day.
76561198151130886,Recommended,239140,15997230,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TJ Gamer | Liozber hellcase.com,The best Zombie game of all time!!!
,Recommended,239140,16509558,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,XxCrimson_GearsxX,this game is fun and all but i cant play it now because of my bug that everyone but the main characters are invisible and the wall is all glitchy it looks like im seeing the skybox of the game the worse part is the zombies are invisable i do reccomend but i think i only have this problem please fix this
76561197977241201,Recommended,239140,16517265,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cinnamon Larry,"Dead Island meets Mirror's Edge!Pros:Great gameplayGood ParkorGreat graphicsDay and Night Cycles that really add to the terrorTons of crafting options that add to the gameplayGood combat balancing. Even small fights can end badly if you don't have your whits about youCons:Cheesy story with wildly implausible plot devicesCharacters aren't memorable and are mostly archetypes. Your character acts like he's BFFs with every NPC after only meeting them during 1 or 2 missionsOccasionally the parkor feels clunkyOnly 5 guns and you're seriously limited in how much ammo you can carryRepetitive side questsOverall, it's a very decent and enjoyable game. After finishing the campaign, I can honestly say I probably won't continue the side quests or replay the game, but its worth a playthrough.8/10 would drop-kick a zombie again"
,Recommended,239140,16604966,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Away,mt show
,Recommended,239140,16492651,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Andaharoo,Beautiful graphics. Fluid gameplay.
76561198025265485,Recommended,239140,16498730,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,drummerboy2012,"Did you like the Dead Island games? Then you HAVE TO buy this game! This is what Dead Island could have and should have been! Less weird invisible map walls, same awesome customizable weapons, less hinky combat system, AND PARKOUR! The graphics and the story are great, and playing cooperative with a friend is a blast!"
76561198115812513,Recommended,239140,16505446,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,King Skywhale,"This game has pulse raising combat, a fluid combat system, a fast-paced movement system, an immersive storyline, a fun assorment of characters, and a great world to explore. I honestly have to pick and poke around to find anything bad about the game. The only bad thing I can come up with is that sometimes there a sections where it is more difficult than it should be, but that also adds to the pulse raising combat i mentioned. There is one thing that is a spoiler, so I'll put it on here with one giant spoiler warning.SPOILER WARNING BEYOND THIS POINTThe final boss is a quicktime event that is impossible to do unless you know he buttons before it happens. This leads to a really anti-climactic end."
76561198014629389,Recommended,239140,16588950,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Slaughterama,"This game... Oh man.. This game, running across rooftops past streets just loaded with zombies, often if theres not too many and they arent the runners you can just go barging through them, but often times ill keep it ninja.So many delicious decapitations, halfings and beautiful vertical splits, makes it feel real good to use a melee blade, hammers also feel really good too, just pummeling in their skulls with rapid smashes.. something about it just feels so right.The guns have a good feeling to them, they are highly effective but can draw alot of unwanted attention in a bad spot. This game is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,239140,16638239,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"This game is pretty epic, there is looting, zombie slayin, kicking, jumpin, its like a Micheal Bay action movie meats plague in India. But your not Micheal Bay and its not India everything you see is just a coincidence."
76561198145232129,Recommended,239140,16229799,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Muchacho demitri,10/10 BEST GAMEParkourCreative zombie slayingAWESOME endingand ONCE again the kids all look asian :D(My black ops II review)
76561198079623027,Recommended,239140,16233524,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Oceng Man,BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED IN YEARS i highly recommend this its a awesome game so many cool dlcs and weapons and theres a few easter eggs i saw
76561198089748260,Not Recommended,239140,16234167,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ChillyCyanide,"I can't believe I spent 60 dollars on this game, the fps is terrible the gameplay is awful and the only reason I have 17 hours of playing it on my library is all me trying to fix the game to make it actually playable. So in all not worth the money I wish I could get back."
,Not Recommended,239140,16235123,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dae,Dying Light is a great game.  But after two weeks of gameplay I have yet to find anyone else playing the game online...If your looking for a game with potential for great co-op this game is it... but bring your own friends because no one is playing it in matchmaking mode :(
76561198071156322,Recommended,239140,14656262,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,kvkyoin,"There's no downside to this game. It's price is totally fitting. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is perfect, the weapons are creative, the story is good, character design is awesome. Literally everything about this game is perfect. The only problem I can even think of is that guns are super hard to find (early in the game), but that gives the player more creativity with the melee weapons, which can be greatly extended. I have 70+ hours and I still haven't beaten the story yet. I just spend most of my time running around and enjoying the open world because it's great. Buy this game."
76561198013024780,Recommended,239140,15844559,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,DeGroot418,"The game takes a while to pick up, but once you start leveling your skills it get really fun really fast! But there is a tipping point towards the end that causes you to be too Over Powered and it just gets too easy."
,Recommended,239140,15845995,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RiotRaider,"The best zombie game I played. the parkour system starts off feeling clunky, but is actually really fluid as you progress and level up. the enemies continue to progress with you and there is so many ways to approach the world with all the random encounters that you are never quite at ease."
76561198158234864,Recommended,239140,16222358,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Destroyer of Thots,it is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197964138129,Not Recommended,239140,16140444,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,^LCF^ Mordahkai,"Possibly one of the greatest parkour style games of all time. Graphics are phenomenal, character controls are extraordinary, map details are out of this world and story line is fantastic. So what’s m y beef with the game? 4 Player limit. I knew buying the game that 4 players was the limit and even then I said that I wish there were a way it could be more. Compete with say 20 0thers in a semi persistent city vying for supplies of food, ammunition, weapons, safe zones and more. Team up with others or play solo trying to stealthily gather supplies to keep your safe zone or “Home Building” full of necessities. This game is crazy good but could be insanely better. I hate to give it a thumbs down But that the only choice I have. I can’t say I love it because there will always be this nagging thought in the back of my head saying that it could be so much better.  There needs to be a ""Maybe"" recommend button."
76561198106667829,Recommended,239140,16223661,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,MP_412,"Pretty amazing game. I play co-op  and use the keyboard and my friend uses a controller, both work great. Never played a parkour game before, but you can pretty much go anywhere on the map (and find some easter eggs too).  I bought for $45 but it's worth $60 if it's not on sale. one of the top games of the year."
,Recommended,239140,16283156,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gholion,"I can't stop playing this game!!!! If you want something that you can mess around in, play seriously, enjoy a decent story, or if you just want to bash zombies or run around a bunch, then buy this game! Completely worth it at full price!"
,Recommended,239140,16283912,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,我是周杰伦,Intriguing game ! YA!
,Recommended,239140,21547326,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,subterfuge,Dying Light is quite fun.
,Recommended,239140,21504739,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Catharsis,"This game is levels beyond many I have played before. The buggy driving is phenomenal, the combat is phenomenal, the game physics are extremely advanced...I have criticisms about the natives of Harran and her outlying badlands, they seem a bit dim to an almost pantomine and comedic effect. I would like them to introduce more hardcore and discerning characters who aren't dip♥♥♥♥♥ basically... Everyone is crazy.. The only redeeming thing is the main character seems to notice that and comes out with some funny quips time to time.. But it's not enough.Player customization is ironically in a game like this, rather small time.. You can earn/find outfits but you are stuck with the same character appearance for much of the game and even if you do earn Legendary skins that change your appearance it is to other NPC's, nothing really unique here.. So 4 of you running around almost seems like the attack of the clones!Otherwise, phenomenal game that feels like an interactive movie!8.5/10!"
76561198066063526,Recommended,239140,21518554,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Beni1009,This game is fantastic! Great atmosphere and gameplay. I highly recommend!
76561198028871191,Recommended,239140,21506081,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,oakivil,This game has some wicked parkour action. All around interesting and challenging. Just waiting for my VR.
,Recommended,239140,21521017,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,T H I C C   |   M A G I C I A N,haha  benis :DDD
,Recommended,239140,21677416,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vashra,"One of THE best zombie games I have played in a long time. I'm really glad to see the Devs evolve so much after making Dead Island and their love and passion for this game really shows. The zombies are quick to overwhelm and of course night is pure horror but it's all the little things that make this game just soooo fun! Graphics look great, the game runs smooth, and the parkour is one of the best mechanics i've seen in a game. Sit back, relax, and spend the night with Dying Light because it'll keep you intrigued all night."
,Recommended,239140,21676331,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,i look like your dad,Amazing fun with multiplayer. GOTY 2016 even though it came out like 2 years ago.
,Recommended,239140,21676717,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Eddard,"nasty, naughty, and hard.9.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,21675321,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Spectra gift-drop.com,Best game!
76561198076706893,Recommended,239140,21665797,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,d-day-events,"Bought the game , played for 10 minsdecided to buy expansion ..expension whas already added.. + all off the dlc'sfelt superb and epicbest game ever bought10/10 money value!!pro'sdevs are really in this gamegame looks sweetnot to heavy on systemeasy to learn / hard to masterbig city / big/great story linefast loadingcon'sweapons decay fast  and can get lost when out of repairs..thats it so far"
76561198143508727,Recommended,239140,21643478,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SKYLINER ✡ CS.MONEY,lol
76561197966422595,Recommended,239140,21645229,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Handro,"This game is TOO good. I beat it on normal mode, and playing through on Nightmare difficulty. Play it alone first. It's so immersive. Playing it co-op takes away from the intensity and stress of dying. There are so many awesome new games out now or coming soon and honestly I'm super hooked on Dying Light. Everything else is on the back burner for now. 100% worth to buy it full price. You'll get your money's worth and then some."
,Recommended,239140,21648232,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chaplin,"Epic game, great atmoshphere, the only negative thing about this game is repetitive sounds.The nights are so stresfull god :)"
76561198072473247,Recommended,239140,21642931,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lord Hurricane,"insanely good zombie game. if you're into this kind of genres then buy this game!gameplay quality 9,5 / 10graphics, 9,5 / 10story line really interesting  9,5 / 10Multiplayer quality 9,5 / 10there isn't really any flaws in this game what i can see.The half-short story line isn't really a flaw.But sure if you haven't got a job, play all day long and simply rush the main quest. then you'll be finnished with the main story line pretty quickly.There are alot of side quests and stuff to do aswell. so i would (not) say it's a small game.But with all great games. they story line is never long enough.these guys definately deserve every penny for this game.i never give 10/10 because of principles. but this game is really really good!and you get to kill zombies!  This is what you can cut off as an example : (Spoiler)(head,hands,arms,waist,torso,feet,legs,their entire body vertically)"
76561198014817911,Recommended,239140,21653628,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,crapgame,"it is very easy to eat up many hours playing this game. you can scavenge supplies from everywhere, always seems to be some random person popping up, some you have to save from zombies or bad guys, some with useful information, some just waste your time rambling about random bs. the storyline is mostly good, one part in perticular is pretty anticlimactic but i wont get specific on it"
76561198116839805,Recommended,239140,21654695,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DinoBlight,just buy this game cause its FRIKIN amazing......Also Best Devs Eva cause dey give me enhanched edition fo fweeSo go be wike Spooderman and cut up zombies and dickbags alikeThen cwimb up buildings to gain the upperhand in combat.I cant even count this high/10
76561198070173815,Recommended,239140,21638075,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GodSpeed,"If mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy"
,Recommended,239140,21658129,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jørg,:)
,Recommended,239140,21658284,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MasonCatalone,"Graphics, weapons, gameplay, storyline, difficulty, Dying Light has it all!'Goodnight, Goodluck' is a pure thriller, forcing you to put your skills to the test and ensure that you know your environment - and if you don't, you better have the right weapon to back you up.'The Following' D.L.C. opens your world up to a rural land that requires you to upgrade your vehicle's capability, durability, and dependability in order to survive each time you get behind the wheel.There is one issue that I notice is being fixed, and that is reversing in your buggy.  It's a bit glitchy, but is getting better with each update.  Other than that, I can always recommend more weapons - melee and firearms.9.75/10!"
76561198218341208,Recommended,239140,21632501,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[BEAN]PinHeadLarry,good vary fun
,Recommended,239140,15699776,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CyberSemtex,"Awesome game, loads of fun (co-op & singleplayer) THANKS TECHLAND!"
76561198038988524,Recommended,239140,15700815,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Flintsen,"Its a great game if you play it with friends but it hasn't a very good story mode, but if you buy it with a friend its definetly worth it. If you like to kill zombies"
76561197988582454,Recommended,239140,15605771,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Abbath,Very imersive game. The sound scape and suspensful music really add to the atmosphere. The hours fly by as you find yourself running through the many missions. The FPS gun play is some of the best I have seen even compared to Battlefield 4. A must for any enthusiast collection.
,Not Recommended,239140,14214898,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,VitorTM,"Running an FX-8350, 8gb Ram, NVidia GTX 660  (2GB). Can't get the game to maintain higher than 25 FPS even with every setting turned off/low. FPS was fine, but as soon as I went into the open world, it just fell apart."
76561197970287024,Recommended,239140,15612902,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fucks Wit It,"I actually had a lot of fun with this game. Its in no way a Dead Island clone. The story works, the combat is clean, and the parkour is absolutly awesome.  The first person perspective is also suprisingly done extremely well. This game is for anyone who likes zombie games, parkour games, and open world games."
76561198124076972,Recommended,239140,15691556,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,NightKnight-55,"Wow I was suprised at this game there was many things peple hated like the story but all of it goes into gameplay and as a true gamer thats what I foucus on you cant spell gameplay without game thats what WE NEED GAMEPLAY, POLISH AND STORY NOT GRAPHICS 8/10"
76561198001424879,Recommended,239140,15691943,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Nuts and Juice,Great graphics and physics. The parkour is well done. FPS can slow down a bit in crazy areas so either lower graphics or get new gpu. Does get repetitve after awhile but always some cool weapon mods to unlock.
76561198018458518,Recommended,239140,15711320,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Handymanjr,"Gets you ready for when the zombies REALLY come.Plus it's fun too and looks great, though you need some decent hardware.  Lots to do too with plenty of side quests and a pretty decent story."
,Recommended,239140,14635882,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Edge,"It playes ok the frame rate can irritate a bit but otherwise its fine, i like the open world freedom very much, the weapon types are good but in the late game you will not have any blunt weapons  witch makes every kill feel dull, the guns do deal alot of damage but the lack of impact on enemies feels like they got hit with blanks also they should add a crossbow to the game, there is a lack of zombie types we have the regular, virals, goons, volatiles, bombers, toads(a.k.a spitters) and demolishers, i feel like two or three more types would be better, the parkour is realy fun, its fun to explore and see what you can climb, the story is not that good its fine but the sory has not got much depth to it, all the blueprints that you can find out in the world is cool and all the thins to collect, the levelling system if fantasic leveling up depending what you do is really fun, i recommend this game to those with moderate computers. 87/100"
,Recommended,239140,15713909,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NesbittN550,"Probably the best zombie game I've played in a long time. Combat has a nice weighty feel to it and weapons can be upgraded to have silly elementally attributes that contribute to the fun. Grappling hook is OP af, would recommend not using it to make the game feel less ""Spiderman-y""."
76561198125253910,Recommended,239140,15883747,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,bL!zz4rDfro$t,great game
,Recommended,239140,15895847,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BOWERNATOR,"A really fun zombie game that improves a lot on the Dead Island series. Combat is fun, refreshing, and challenging in the beginning, but as soon as you hit the later levels and get better weapons, it becomes pretty easy pretty quick to dispatch of all the zombies at which point the fun of the combat wore off for me for the most part. Starting the game over in Hard mode changed that though. With the addition of the Steam Workshop, that should add a ton of replayability to this game, though I got bored of it after completing the main campaign (super weak end boss fight made the ending a bit anti-climactic). Other goodies are the graphics, improved framerate fixes (THANK YOU), and all the fun you'll have doing side quests and destroying zombies with cool weapons. The story was a bit lackluster but you won't buy this game for the story, you'll buy it to murder you some zambies.8/10, would kill zombies as a douchier version of Chris Redfield again."
76561198170798466,Recommended,239140,15901820,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,davidconde2002,hi im a big fan of dying light love it but there's a huge bug in my game missing textures (half of the map) plz do somthing about tkx
76561198040911966,Recommended,239140,15657953,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,munirhamada64,Interesting game. one of the best.
76561198037310496,Recommended,239140,15658328,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,drater82,"Difficult at first, but very satisfying as you level up.  Fun missions, but watch the clock you don't want to be stuck out at night."
76561198164560337,Recommended,239140,15663685,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,jack,Really really really good
,Recommended,239140,14284327,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,✪ IDGAF,My Nipples are erect. I'll let you know if they still are in another 100 Hours of gameplay. Who knows maybe my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will be flaring up.
76561198192017153,Not Recommended,239140,15653076,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ziatric,♥♥♥♥♥does not work
76561198034682993,Recommended,239140,16059680,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Deemo,"I waited for all content to be released before I would review this game. Yet... Techland doesn't seem done with it but Bozak is out so I'll just write it anyway.This has been my only non-StarCraft game that I have pre-ordered for more than base price. I took a leap and got the Season Pass with it. And honestly? I'd pay more. The game is perfect. Lots of people complain about their bugs or glitches on their computers, but personally I never encountered a single flaw in the game. It started out perfect, and maybe even transcended that a little in the end.How do I recommend this game? This game is for adventurers. This isn't a game for storyline missions and being done... no... you take your time. Explore the world. Kill some zombies, make a little noise and kill some more. After your first few nights, gather some courage and get that adrenaline pumping and make a challenge on how many Volatiles you can get on your tail and live. This game is as much the story as it is making up your own fun. I spent a total of 2 whole hours going from rooftop to rooftop This-is-Sparta kicking zombies of and hearing their bellows as they went splat on the pavement down below. I did every side mission. I am in the process of completing every challenge. The game is massive if you make it so, and it's never ending if you take your time and every step of the way you can make it rewarding. It's simply perfection. Not to mention the totally sick slogan.Graphics wise I haven't seen a zombie game that can top it. Even games that are compared such as Assassin's Creed loses to the gorgeous lighting and the way they make the contrast SO evident between daytime and nighttime. Heck, I even spent time watching sunrises/sunsets because wow... are they gorgeous.All the content they've added has enhanced the game. The Quarantine Zones add a splash of jump scares and tense door openings and corner checks that I think fit perfectly with the game's atmosphere. The Bozak Horde looks incredibly promising and exciting and might be just what I need to play this game even more...The story is deep and has some twists that a perceptive person might have seen coming but those along for the ride won't expect. It's actually a good story too. Techland managed to craft characters that you love and connect to and it actually feels like it isn't a zombie game because categorically, zombies and solid storylining are like oil and water.This game is worth every penny. It's worth your time. It's worth your energy. Take your time. Go everywhere. Explore inside and outside. Help everyone. Do everything. This game is worth it all. If you find some bugs, odds are it's not the game.Good night, and good luck.Update (07/06/2015): I've played both Hard mode and Bozak Horde now. Bozak Horde is INCREDIBLY fun. Nearly impossible to do by yourself, so grab some friends and go for it! It's challenging, it's fun, it's a rush, and be prepared to die... a lot. If you frustrate easily I do not recommend it. It was a really well done addition to the game and did not disappoint. Plus if you finish every challenge, you get the Bozak Bow and who doesn't like shooting arrows into zombie skulls?Last thing and I'm done I promise. If you're like me and my buddy who I play this game with, you found that this game became WAY to easy and started doing really crazy stuff to actually die. So we tried out Hard Mode and gave restrictions on the amount of skills we can level up, and now we die every 10 minutes. Biters rip us to shreds, Volatiles are not just nuisances but dangerous, and at nighttime? Forget it. Those nightmares are tanks. It took 5 minutes for me AND my friend to kill one and they 2 to 3 shot you. Nighttime has become a very dangerous and scetchy time whereas before night was just dark.All in all? If you want to skip all that above, this game is 11/10. It's fun, it's gorgeous, it's MORE fun with a friend, it's one of my top favorites. Totally worth it and I HIGHLY recommend it if you like zombies, exploring, parkour, or are just looking for a good RPG. Thanks for reading!Good Night, and Good Luck!"
,Not Recommended,239140,17465828,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Package,"Gameplay is pretty good, It's what Dead Island should have been. Companion app is allright, allows you to collect resources via minigameI'm NOT reccomending this game because the story is pretty awful. Like, I don't expect a great story from a zombie game. I would have been fine with a largely unnoticed story, and stoving in zombie heads, but this story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save your money. If this ever drops below the $5-10 range, grab it up for a fun afternoon, but otherwise avoid it."
,Recommended,239140,17469999,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Adriondacks,"Fantastic game. It is everything Dead Island should have been. Fluid Parkour, steady difficulty curve, brilliant talent trees.The only thing that put me off  this game was the final boss battle. Quick time events have no place in video games. Either give us a boss with a health bar or play a cut scene, I didn't want to hear Rais repeat the same sentence 8 times because I couldn't hit X quick enough."
,Recommended,239140,17476770,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The Doobster,"Its a better Dead Island.Parkour is amazing, its like a first person for Assassins Creed.The skill tree is exciting.Combat and weapons are very rewarding as you progress through the game.While the main story of the game isnt very interesting, the side quests are what makes the game fun and entertaining.Another reason i enjoy Dying Light is because when the sun goes down, you will want to run like hell to a safe zone, or try to fight off horrible-fast-ugly-bloodthirsty-creatures that will turn you into mince meat. But at night you earn double XP.This game also contains blood and gore.This game is also a more mature Dead Island.Dying Light 8.5/10"
76561198056032676,Recommended,239140,17393987,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,mineblindreaper,"Not far into the game but so far this has been one of the best games I've played this year. The parkour aspect takes a bit of hands on for it to work right compared to similar games, Assassins Creed and Shadow of Mordor, but other than that its awesome."
,Recommended,239140,17396829,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Korwin,"Take dead island mix in some mirrors edge and filter out the bugs and quickly boring nature they respectively had and bam, you get this really fun and sleep pattern wrecking game. If you can ignore how kinda predictable the story is you will have an even more fun time, trust me."
,Recommended,239140,17405245,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,G͑I̜L᷀M̭E᷅E᷅,This is what I wanted Dead Island to be.
,Recommended,239140,17406112,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Piss Bleach,Fun game but you need a super computer to run it
76561198088392978,Recommended,239140,17703056,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ze German Fox 狐,You can shoot a zombie child in the face then cover yourself in his blood to sneak past other zombies.10/10 Would call Child Protection Services again
,Recommended,239140,17683127,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Salty Syrian,"Ok this is a great game, even tho i've only played 10 hrs i got into it very well... until earlier today when i had to turn on a switch, a simple task right?Riiiiight???NOPE.I found myself fending off two banelike zombis that acquired identical steel rods with a hunk of cemented death on the end and a froglike abomination that pukes ebola on me... now as if that wasnt tasking enough with my baseball bat and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ electrified knife there were countless other zombies that kept getting attracted due to all the car explosions becuase of the god damn bane zombies smashing the ♥♥♥♥ out of them (i died due to explosions twice) so i shall continue my adventure when i see fit.P.S. Why the hell is it that when i die my equipment's condition carries over from my death but the progress i made gets wiped off like sasha grey's spunk dribble?I hate myself (recomended)"
,Recommended,239140,19504449,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tim_Shackleford,"TO ALL X360CE USERS THAT HAVE STUTTERING, READ MY EDITIts a great game story and gameplay wise, however I have a TON of stuttering. I have tried lowest settings, turning off vsync, forcing vsync through nvidia control panel, setting high priority through task manager, resetting affinity through task manager, but I still get aweful stuttering.  I am running a gtx 970 and a 4690k with 8 gigs of ram (Windows 10 with 353.62 Nvidia drivers). None of my pc components are bottlenecking so I dont know what could be happening. Someone please tell me whats going on, none of my other games behave like this.EDITAfter literally hours of testing, I figured it out! I play all my games with a logitech rumblepad 2, and therefore I use x360ce with all of my games. Well turns out that x360ce was actually causing the stuttering, and better yet, the game actually supports my controller without any such programs. Once I removed the three x360ce files, all of my stuttering is gone! I have never had this problem with x360ce before, but I am glad I figured it out, and that the game is working with dinput.TLDR - If you use x360ce with this game, you will experience a ton of stutter. x360ce isnt even neccessary since the game works with dinput controllers. I am really enjoying the game now that I can play at a smooth 60 fps!"
76561197988589184,Recommended,239140,20137116,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,heck,"Accidentally kills friendly survivors. ""It's just a prank bro.""20/10 would prank again."
,Recommended,239140,20137932,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Thewarguy,"So much fun, night makes your heart race. Feels good, PARKOUR"
76561198047372475,Recommended,239140,20145323,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,xSammy,Loveing it
,Recommended,239140,20145370,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fenix#6913,I OWN IT AT LAST!!!MASHING POTATO GAME!!!gonna look some potato to mashing.....looks tasty 11/10getting hungry 12/10omnomnomnom 99/10
76561198108033774,Not Recommended,239140,20135646,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,abigfish I hate ***** and everyt,This game seamed like it was going to be so awesome that maybe I set the bar too high. I got this game after waiting quite a while to make up my mind and so far all I can say is where are all the good weapons? I'm not a big fan of this game and I probably won't play it much more in the future.
76561197961201089,Recommended,239140,20139059,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ShameOnU,"This game, with a friend or two, In coop, is the proverbial♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198118837755,Recommended,239140,20132256,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Xertrius,fun co op experience
,Recommended,239140,20132177,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Drigz,Super game :D
76561198135259423,Recommended,239140,20133114,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Atrocites,This game is super fun i dont reccomend that you use a controller i recommend you use keyboard and mouse it makes this so much easier and alot more fun the only thing that is bad about this game is that you can die super easy so you have to be careful but other than that is a amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,239140,20133390,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Malphito,"Techland has proven itself again as one of the most accomplished development teams in the world. With The Dying Light have given us a consistent and interesting world that is supported by practically all of its game mechanics. From the rich complex combat system to the sublime sound design, and AMAZING PARKOUR, this game immerses the player in one of the most visceral plots in this generation. Maybe the AI could have been better, but, overall, this game proves how far the craftsmanship of making video games has come. And it's pretty fun to play with your gay freinds."
76561198262423373,Recommended,239140,20192096,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,North1star,Best zombie game .
76561197972193542,Recommended,239140,20193394,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Grobbs,Nothing bad about this game. I love playing coop.
76561198073039704,Recommended,239140,20185337,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Oliver,What Dead Island should have been.
76561198204820736,Recommended,239140,20185820,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"Played Dead Island Few Times Before This, Its Like An Insanely Upgraded Version Of That. Freerunning, Customisable Weapons And Exploding Zombies Heads To Smitharines With Exploding Ninja Stars! This Is What You Call A Game. Fairly Easy To Run On Medium Settings Too! My New GTX 960 SSC Does The Job On Max Settings And Runs Like A Jamican Sprinter!10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20186114,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Large Thicc,"This game is worth every penny, the story in engaging and all quests/side quests feeling like they give a big meaning to the overall plot of the story. Not only is the main story line a lot of gametime but you can spend hours apon hours completing side missions, saving survivios, or attacking a camp of raiders. They spend an apporpriate amount of time setting up the connections with the main characters so they you are even more engaged. In addition the combat, looting and all systems of the game work perfectly in unison. This game is one of the best for 2015!"
,Recommended,239140,20186352,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dio,Basically what Dead Island should have been. This game is actually fun by yourself as well as with friends whereas Dead Island is pretty boring alone. The parkour elements alone make this game unique and fun. I can't stop doing virtually everything. The skill trees are interesting and add a good balance to make you keep playing and getting better. Hopefully Techland implements what's great about this game into Dead Island 2.
76561198211997955,Recommended,239140,20342089,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Richard,Great game!
76561198042145848,Recommended,239140,20341754,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,"Dead Island , but , 1,000,000,000,000 times better .Whacked out infected all over .10/10 in my mind , whats left of it ."
,Recommended,239140,20343769,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Berd,"If mama ain't happy, nobody happy. Go get your mama 20 copies with her credit card to cheer her up."
76561198135968494,Recommended,239140,14223176,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Harsh45,"My honest opinion on this game was pretty bad when it came out.  The team behing Dying Light have done a great job constantly updating the game with fixes to the stability and performance,  support for modding,  film grain option to either to on or off, co-op connectivity problem fixes,  countless exploit fixes among other things.  It's refreshing to see them support PC gaming the way they have.  The people you will meet in this game are incredibly dull and boring,  I found myself mashing the space bar through out the game,  But the story isn't why this game is really entertaining,  It's when playing with others in multiplayer where all the fun comes in.  All the missions in the main game are all fetch this and fetch that   BS.  If I had to review the campaign/Story I would give it a 6/10 but the co-op side of the game is sooooooooooooo very fun It diserves a 8/10.  It's a must buy for all you co-op zombie lovers out there."
,Recommended,239140,14465895,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hala,"Not sure what to really think of this game. On the one hand, the combat system is fantastic. On the other hand against all the plot-important enemies you don't get to use it. There the game resorts to tedious trial-and-error action sequences. These are especially annoying to me since, hey, I have a shotgun, why would I enter melee with this bum? No seriously, I have a gun and the dude is standing 10 meters away flailing a machete, shoot him? No... enter illogical melee, It's a great sum of the storyline in general; a series of ownright stupid clichés.Here's where I don't understand the game at all:This game has the best combat system I've seen in a zombie game. Really. It is absolutely fantastic and a joy to use, especially when you get the grappling hook.But instead of using the brilliant combat system, in the important stages of the storyline, the game resorts to arena-style combat where you are either ""too tired to use the grappling hook"" followed by stages where you have to marathon-sprint away from stalker-copies. Instead of designing the game around the combat system which is so much fun, they restrict it to conform to their idea of a stage and everything suffers for it.The freeroam of the game is a 10/10 and rarely have I had so much fun, but as soon as you enter ""quest stages"" it's a mishmash of bad design decisions, combat-crippling nonsense and invisible walls to keep you to the designer's vision of what the challenge should be. This is a downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to handle a combat system designed to give you as free hands as possible in how you overcome your adversaries.Dying Light takes all the best aspects out of Dead Island, Far Cry and Stalker, but somehow manages to include the worst as well. I'll recommend it because of the freeroam which is incredible amounts of fun at times, but stay away from the main storyline as long as possible. It'll leave you disappointed at best."
,Recommended,239140,14466353,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Super_Shredder,down right scary at times. someone buy this so we can pay coop!
76561197983084301,Recommended,239140,14466473,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DonConquistador,Quite possibly one of the best PC games made in the last 3 years.10/10 Will have nightmares for the rest of my life.
,Recommended,239140,14466657,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CM - No Chat,"I don't like zombie games. Generally speaking, I don't like zombies at all. I do like this game. It's surprisingly enjoyable. The freerunning is fantastically well made and fluid. Even if you just use this as a parkour simulator, it's worth getting. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,239140,14312158,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Muffin Man,"UPDATE: 1.4.0: I love that the company actually cares what their community thinks, and they have finally added modding back into the mix. Hopefully the talented modders will come out of their hidey-hole now, and make some new, innovative, and awesome mods for this game. Thanks go to the community for pushing the devs to do their best. As of this update still reccomend this game, 10/10[1.2 Original Review]I was peer pressured into buying this game and I knew almost nothing about it. I had only seen one clip of gameplay, honestly I can say I'm a proud owner of dying light. The gameplay is fantastic, imagine the parkour of assassins creed but better + the zombie killing frenzy of dead island (without the bugs) + and add an awesome storyline that will have you on your toes every step of the way, if you like all of those combined into one, this is the game for you! I would reccomend playing with a controller though since the controlls for keyboard and mouse are kind of off, I had to remap them, and put some actions on my mouse. All in all, a very well made game and I would reccomend it wholeheartedly. 10/10"
76561198064527406,Recommended,239140,14467250,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TeeLight,"Dying Light was a fun game. It was incredibly glitchy throughout my entire playthrough, but it was fun. I run dual graphics cards and apparently that set-up is no bueno with Dying Light. At least at launch and still to a degree today.Dying Light suffers the most from the same exact problem that Dead Island suffered from. It's very fun for the first two thirds of the game, and then after awhile I realized that I did all the cool stuff the game had to offer and I just rushed through the last portion. The QTE at the end certainly didn't help improve my oppion, nor did the clear DLC bait ending. Seriously stop that stuff. I didn't pay as much as I did to have the ending clearly chopped mid mission. Forget that noise.The combat and free running in the game are what really make it fun. At first everything is pretty intense and on the difficult side of things. Once you unlock a good number of abilities and unlock the better plans (like my personal favorite the angel sword) the game gets laughably easy. It felt good to one shot entire hordes though, and it was nice to eventually get to the point where I could take the volatiles on. That's where the game was at it's best. Just running around killing whatever came my way and climbing stuff.The quests were odd. There's a ton of them in the first area. The second area not so much. In the first area there are also airdrops, but then they stop. And never come back. Which was sad because they were actually pretty fun diversions. There's something similar in the second area, but it's just not the same. I enjoyed some of the protection quests, which is odd considering I generally go out of my way not to do that kind of thing. They made it fun by making the people I was protecting so incredibly weird.I enjoyed this game. I'm not so sure it's worth the asking price with the awful ending it has, but it's still fun. If you liked Dead Island you'll like this one. If you're tired of killing zombies though this game will not make the experience any more fresh and you might want to just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,239140,14467252,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Little Scottish Plum,"I got this game on an impulse buy and purchased a second copy for a friend. This has been my first pleasent surprise of 2015. I hadn't been following the game up to release and I kind of assumed that it would be just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombie survival title. Turns out that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! Lots of fun romping around and killing everything in sight, but when night time comes you truly experience terror. If you're on the fence, it's totally worth it. Don't believe me? Read the thousands of other positive reviews.9/10"
,Recommended,239140,14194989,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Butt Stallion,"So i'll start off by saying this wasn't a bad game but it was certainly over hyped(Like most games are now a days). I finished the main story in about 20 hours or less and the only thing I really have left to do is complete the side quests. You find out who the main antagonist is within an hour so after getting past the tutorial and on top of that Techland trys way to hard to make him seem like Vaas from Far Cry 3. The parkour is smooth and fluid, the graphics are pretty nice for the most part and the weapons are fun to use. All in all its a good game but 60 dollars is way to much to ask for a game with not a whole lot of content and mediocre story line to go along with it.I did a walkthrough on my channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUjyUv6z85Ik1rIDiooQ3qA"
,Recommended,239140,14282142,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Zelroy,"Dying Light features the most enjoyable parkour experience yet, a reasonably intense combat system, a beautiful sandbox with plenty of exploration and scavenging, and a surprisingly large amount of quests in an optimistic, happy and light-hearted setting. After a fashion.For your first night time zombie horde escape with only a weak flashlight for illumination, have some fresh underwear ready. Or tranquilizers. Or both.Dying Light seems simple but rewards planning. Survival requires brains, and I'm not talking about the zombies. It's best experienced as moments in an alternate life while ignoring some of the more gamey features. An impressive achievement for many reasons."
76561198163405731,Recommended,239140,14468175,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,seanforsberg30,love this game best survival game i played this year. Action zombies great escapes crafting and old fasioned butt whoopin.
,Recommended,239140,14468882,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chapperwocky,"All I wanted to do was wrestlemania dropkick a zombie, and yeah, that zombie also happened to be on fire.  I didn't see the pool of gasoline behind my wrestling partner, nor did I see the propane tank having a pool party in that gasoline.  The explosion was beautiful.  A horde of zombies erupted into a shower of meat that hypnotized my eyes.  Everything was coming up Millhouse.Then I heard that snarly growl.  The runners had heard my atomic dropkick, and they were coming for me.  I hastily scrambled across the burning, meaty wreckage of my most supreme leg work and climbed atop a derelict bus.  I whipped out my trusty machete, Mo (The Man Opener), and hacked away viciously as extremely angry fun runners descended upon me.After cleaving many a souvenir limb I sprinted forward, lept off the bus, threw a handful of distracting firecrackers, and clambered up a building to escape across rooftops.  All I wanted to do was wrestlemania dropkick a zombie..."
76561198110045490,Not Recommended,239140,14469077,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TRUMP2020,"Enjoyed playing the game up until the recent update, the game no longer runs on my computer and crashes every time i try to start it. Kind of sad when the devs have to fix things that arent broken. If you have a fancy Alienware computer or one custom built for gaming you might be alright to buy this game, but as of the last update it will no longer run on mine. They say they changed a few graphics things in the game in the changelog, which im guessing is why it will no longer run. Kind of ticks me off that i played about half or 3/4 of the way through the game, just to have it torn away so it can sit in my Steam library taunting me."
76561198142280620,Recommended,239140,14469263,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,cowabunga,First off I'm just glad I have an NVidia card (read where AMD users are in zombie hell) and was surprised it runs on my Lenovo Y510 P laptop on high settings. I had some issues where the Options screen would freeze but hoping the patch fixed that.  To me that's a minor issue. Now for the game- the graphics are great and the gameplay and story pretty nifty. I now have a love of rooftops (hahaha). I highly recommend this game and haven't enjoyed a zombie-themed game like this since Telltale's The Walking Dead.
,Recommended,239140,14469312,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Meat_Ball,"Great game, kept me entertained for more than a whole playthrough. Visuals are great and controls well on PC. The RPG system works well as you actually unlock useful skills."
,Recommended,239140,14469580,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Camouflaged Cow,"At the time of writing this review, I just made it to the second city.The Story:Decent. Not bad, but not good. It can keep you intrigued for a while.Parkour:Near Flawless. Taking inspiration from Mirror's Edge, this is my favorite part. Sometimes my hand gets stuck in the model I'm climbing on to, but that is only a minor detail. You'll be using this alot, as it easily surpasses murdering every zombie on the street. You'll be using this alot during Night time.Combat:For the first 4-6 hours you'll mainly be using melee weapons. The comabt is similar to Dead Island's (because it's by the same developer, Techland), which is a good thing. But this time around, you don't have a health bar for your enemies. Aim for the head. Sometimes, you might have to run away to heal or repair your weapons, adding to the realism. About the time you get to the second city, it'll be the following guns: Military Rifle, Police Rifle, German 9mm Pistol, and the Double-Barrelled Shotgun. They're a little overpowered. Thankfully they don't give as much exp.The Lag:If you have a decent modern gaming rig, you might be able to run it. I'd stay away if your graphics card is not in the Minimum/Recommended specs. Hopefully they patch most of it. I have to stay at about the lowest settings to get an average of 40 fps. Easily better for consoles.Graphics:With the lag comes the pay off. Graphics. They are excellent. (Not the all-time best I've seen) In my opinion though, it's gameplay over graphics.Extra Content:This game has a long campaign. But what if you wanted to do more? Side quests are everywhere and are plentiful. The Season Pass might be worth $20.00 if you like the game (I bought it with the Ultimate Edition). Some of the side quests characters can be weird though...Rating:8.5/10If you have a great gaming rig.7/10If you have a decent gaming rig.9.9/10For parkour fans.8.5/10For combat fans.9/10For Linux support (why not Mac then too?)Overall Rating:8.2/10Past it's lag and overpowered weapons late-game, it teaches you how to survive by avoiding zombies instead of straight up murdering them. Enemies take a lot to take down (besides with the insta-kill headshot guns, which is logical) so you might have to run away and repair your weapons or heal. The Side Quests and Season Pass will keep you entertained with extra content once you beat the Campaign. Co-op with your friends (which I haven't played) is cool. It's worth $60.00 if you have a great gaming rig."
76561197993193785,Recommended,239140,14432967,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,visy,Great coop game.
,Recommended,239140,14433142,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Beard Finn,"I like Mirror's Edge.  I like zombies.Melee weapons are overpowered, guns are underpowered.  The game is a little on the easy side, so my future playthroughs will definitely be challenge runs.If possible, find a mod that removes the enemys' icon and cone of vision for volitiles on the minimap for an incredibly dreadful experience at night."
,Recommended,239140,14433371,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,loljessee,Hands down my favorite zombie game. Might be my favorite game this year! Dead Island 2 will have a hard time topping this.
76561198091090315,Recommended,239140,14469924,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Austoon,"To me, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great! But I can see why some of the reviews are a bit mediocre. I've never played any dead island or any zombie game in general, so this is like a breath of fresh air.SOUNDThe music in this game is a bit generic (especially the theme) but there are some gems every now and then, Not much to be said.The voice acting in this game is either top notch or cringeworthy, and this is supported (or rather unsupported) by the mediocre/below average lip sync I seem to notice. However, props to Techland for trying to make the people of the city have varied accents,The sound effects are absolutely brilliant. From the genuinly horrifying sound of a zombie being whacked at to the sounds of your own character jumping around and getting tired as he sprints.GRAPHICS/PERFORMANCEGraphics are great, but the anti-aliasing and post process leave a weird feeling in my eyes. Textures are brilliant though.I'm running this at max settings with a 780 + i7 at about 45-60 fps I believe. So, the optimisation isn't all that bad.GAMEPLAYHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥its a blast. But if your not into gore, THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU. Slashing at zombies is both horrifying and intense.During the day, zombies are pretty slow and stupid. Howvever, when night comes, your better off either staying quiet or just waiting until the morning, because the zombies will absolutely destroy you.STORYMy one con for this game: The story is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of the characters. So if your looking for a captivating Last of Us esque story, look elsewhere. Fortunately, there are a lot of cool side quests to keep you busy. And I find that they never fail to impress, due to the change of dynamic.Overall: -/10I don't give numbers, because that's just not my thing, but I believe that this game is worth full price.PLEASE! Don't waste your $60 on Evolve. Not that it's a bad game, just that I do not like companies who practice day one dlc."
,Recommended,239140,15387908,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dante Legion,"Fluid movement and combat, balanced survival, and terrifying nights! Grab sopme friends and run rampant, but don't get too cocky...One of the best games I've played, and I look forward to user-made expansions."
76561198053038353,Recommended,239140,15390013,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,The_Majestic_Albatross,The night is dark and full of terrors
,Recommended,239140,15392468,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,SASQUACH,"Good Fun, pretty simple.The main thing to get to grips with is the free running aspect, as in quests, objects that you climb in freeroam are not climable.Kinda sucks a bit, that they take away the ability to short cut to objectives, but oh well !I would like to see a more in depth sequel with more content and a FAR BETTER Story.I like it, some won't. 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,15394761,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,LionsforAdoption,"Drop kicked a Zombie off a tower.... Head exploded when he hit the ground, 9000/9000 Honestly what Dead island should of been"
76561197995523223,Recommended,239140,15326068,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,josh_hanks,"awesome game, loads of stuff to do ingame other than quests, always a challenge if you want can make it easier if you want, just want more wepons!! and possible in next big update bring whole new area into play??"
,Recommended,239140,15328826,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,HowLee,Beautiful action packed badassness 9/10
,Recommended,239140,15330320,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BRIDINWITU,"Pro's:Massive World.A good deal of Quests.Story is pretty good.Double EXP at night.Basic Parkour.Alot of Zombies and a fairly balanced fighting system.Get ready to die a few times, unless you have perfect reflexes and instincts you will die. Challenging.Haven't got bored or feel like I do in a normal game, like the side quests are just there to kill my time, characters and stories are more engaging than I thought they'd be.Con's:Still alot of bugs or glitches to work out, nothing pisses me off more than in one area a zombie with a hammer missing me every time and in another area the hammer shockwave throwing me back several feet when I'm nowhere near it.Weapons and item gathering gets repetitive, need to find a new way to discover multiple instances of items and add more unique looking weapons.Sometimes you have to run, there is no fighting your way through a situation.Really good game, I hope Techland can continue to produce games like this as far as quality and playability goes.If you are into zombies this is a must have, if you aren't into zombies but love a good game, this is a must have.Add this to your collection asap."
,Recommended,239140,14731485,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Eluzi0n,"I just completed the game. And I've decided to give it some rankings, from 1-10.Story = 10The story is beautifully engineered as a thrilling, scary, exciting and a mindblowing stage, where you get so pent up, you can't play the game for long at a time (at least that's how I feel about it). This game is everything the other freeroaming zombie games should have been like, for example Dead Island. The last time I experienced such a feeling was when I was 9 years old, playing Zelda: Ocarina of Time. From the moment I started the game, I was excited. When the game ended, I felt so relieved, because I managed to go through that earthly hell, and make it. Therefore, I have to thank you guys for reviving that feeling within me. Just because of that, the game was definitely worth the money, and beyond that. Not to mention, when you have ended the main story, you are free to do exploring, kill zombies out of pleasure, do some awesome parkouring, do the sidequests, or simply all of them.Game Mechanics = 9The mechanics as a whole in the game is very well made, whereas to the parkouring. It offers a lot of free mobility when you travel across the map within the game, it gave me a ""superman"" feeling without being overly exaggerated. You have to be precise and plan your route carefully and dynamically every second, all from dodging zombies, to jumping from one building to another. This concept is really exciting, and has never been utilized within games like this, Spiderman is an example of such a game, but minus all the zombies that are chasing you, adding another exciting factor to this feature of the game. My hats off to you.Graphics = 8While not having a powerful enough GPU to run the game at it's maximum settings, I must say that despite that, the graphics was pure, clean, and beautiful. There were massive details in human/zombie models, the building, when you see the rest of the city in distance, birds or flying debris in the air, which was really well made. I hope to get a more powerful GPU in the future, for I am dying to see how it feels like to play the game with everything run to the max. But overall, besides all that, the graphics is well, and more than enough to put in a feeling of realism into the game, making it very enjoyable.I recommend this game to anyone who loves exciting and mindblowing stories, zombies, or simply parkouring. After I played this game I wanted to do some parkouring, but I highly doubt I'll be able to hoist my fat butt up walls anyday soon.Buy it, play it, love it!!!"
76561198031201370,Recommended,239140,15474788,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,stephenprosser,"One of the best games i  have played in a long while, 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,15475051,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ScuttleShip,"Incredible game, whilst the plot is very see-through it makes up for it in excellent gameplay/ Albeit glitchy at times."
76561198053718445,Recommended,239140,15475111,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[IIE] Baggins,One of the best zombie games I played. Even more fun if you have friends to play it with
,Recommended,239140,15475221,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MAXAMOUS,Dead Island but better with parkour!
76561198047906909,Recommended,239140,15473831,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,tipple nickler,"I used to be scared of the dark when I was young, thanks to dying light I (in real life)  sprint to any shelter with a bed whenever is see the sun setting.Ruined my life  - 9.5/10"
76561198112653672,Recommended,239140,15475756,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Nogalokey,Alot of fun and it's a great game to play if you're bored of your favourite game :P Story line kinda sucks but I bet this game won't stop here. Can't wait for dlc!!
76561198063634969,Recommended,239140,15476311,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,dr.skills,nice game nice storysimple is thatworth buying :)
76561198116696817,Recommended,239140,15476540,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,warzonedominator,"Its just a greater version of dead island with parcore, i enjoyed dead island alot but this to me felt even better"
,Recommended,239140,15477075,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,VesuviasXL,"Hands-down the BEST 'zombie-slaying' game I've played to day. The dev Techland managed to make right everything they got wrong with Dead Island. I generally don't purchase games full-boat price, but a friend convinced me and boy was I glad he did. Hollywood-level story, beautiful graphics, and FANTASTIC controls. Even at 70% into the game, the sheer sense of joy I get when landing from building to building successfully is just incredible. Add to a great weapons crafting system (simple enough, but solid) and you've got a winner.I've been so burned out by these type of games (zombies), but there is something fresh and exciting here. Give it a go. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,239140,15478415,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GuernseyGaming,"Such a great open world Zombie survival game, fun to mess around but also has a great story. Must buy!"
76561198046610442,Recommended,239140,15478622,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MITCH,hello
,Recommended,239140,15481057,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,BarnaBus,Awsome game fun story it was a but short for me but if you like medium stroys this if for you great combat it can be funny in places very nice looking game and great multiplayer with the hunter and friends great game overall 10/10
76561198188572238,Recommended,239140,19457570,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Echo1956,aaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaazing keep up the good work devs dyinglight 2 2016?
76561198116393879,Recommended,239140,19377394,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Space Wiz,"Really fun game, I love zombie games and this one is defiantly a staple in my new collection. Worth every penny. Grab the ultimate edition for the new DLC coming out and some cool outfits while your at it if you got the extra cash for the sale. Combat is VERY intense!"
,Recommended,239140,19394474,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,Good and Fun :)
,Recommended,239140,19393816,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kerples,If you don't own this i ask you why!
,Recommended,239140,19394753,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,21 Savage,get this game if u like to partcor and stuff
,Recommended,239140,19424538,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HopelessDecoy,Great game! Scary action parkor and zombies all this game needs is mods and it's perfect totally worth buying if you liked mirrors edge and dead island.
76561198058478116,Recommended,239140,19459284,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RjBo1,Very well done.I would write more but I am too busy playing it.
76561198024347975,Not Recommended,239140,15424082,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,zen,血の色が緑だし、MODが使用できないし、隔離鯖だし・・・。CS版となんら変わらないってのが辛い（泣）
76561197978429880,Recommended,239140,15427094,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dacanty,"I've had this game for a while now and I have to admit I do the games premise and the sheer amount of entertainment you can get in one sitting. I went from running in the bright light of the sun to sitting around hiding from the nightmares roaming the streets at night. Obviously it has its both good and bad points, though the good outweighs the bad i'll say.The free running system is very unique from other games of the same movement, it's fast and can be very responsive which for me at least is where Mirrors Edge failed a little. You can run and jump over fences, low walls or you can hop over a medium sized wall to escape a tough enemy. Better, take to the rooftops and get the advantage on your target with a death from above approach. It's depends on how you fight and what style of play you have but sometimes I do fail to make grabs on ledges which should've been simply. Probably just me still adjusting more than the games fault i'd say in fairness.One of the features I enjoyed most was the change in environment depending on the night day cycle, it was one of the big hype items for this game and I am impressed. The transition of the day is beautiful from a graphical perspective, the lighting dims and the darkness comes over quickly as it would in the real world. You get a good sense of urgency and the fear of being caught out with limited supplies. Then there's the creature changes, the deadly nighttime enemies jumping around and actively searching for people. Also the aggression factor of the zombies increases too at night making every fight harder and more rewarding should you win.All in all, a great game all round. And definitely play the coop if you can, it's worth it!Highly Reviewed. :)"
76561198007176714,Recommended,239140,15405087,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Wato,best game i have played this year.... LOVE IT
76561197994164415,Recommended,239140,15405592,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Real Super Sand,Bra spel om man inte gillar anekdot
,Recommended,239140,15406203,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,MerlinPants,"The great:  The gameplay itself.  I can't think of a single other first-person game of this scope that blends such verticality with ease of movement.  The parkour isn't clunky, and flows really well, making it addicting to run off of buildings drop-kicking the hell out of some poor dead guy.  The melee combat is also perfectly executed, as you can cut off individual limbs and pull off satisfying critical hits.The good:  The variety of the game.  There are plenty of weapons with different stats that will keep you looking for better ones, and they each feel significantly different.  While there aren't as many zombie classes as I would've liked, there feels like there's enough, and they are all uniquely sprinkled individually throughout the world.  Additionally, there are two full sized open-world areas with largely different aestetics, keeping your sorroundings different halfway through the campaign.  There's also a lot of variety in co-op and in the competitive multiplayer mode.The bad:  The story and characters.  This is the classic case of making a great ice cream sundae, but spitting on it once you're done instead of adding a cherry.  Can you physically consume it?  Yes.  Does it make it that much more painful? Yes.  There wan't a single original character here, and the game also runs through every single zombie game/movie cliche.  While the voice acting is good, there is no orignal dialouge and the vast majority of missions are fetch quests.  After awhile, I reallized that the only thing keeping me playing was the incredible gameplay, because I sure as hell did't care if whatshername was kidnapped by Stereotypical Insane Villain.  It's a good thing playing it is fun, because the story is not.Overall, I enjoyed myself immensly.  It was the first AAA game in a while that felt fresh, despite the stale plot.  The night parts are scary, running around is breathtaking, and the environments are unique.  Its only misstep is the unrealized story arc.Verdict:  By it at a maximum of 25% off."
,Recommended,239140,15406425,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Death_SpecteR,"Yep, I recomend This Game."
76561198090952594,Recommended,239140,15407331,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Woodland Cipher,Fan ♥♥♥♥ing tastic game!!!!!!I have beat the game(Awesome campaign)And i still play it(kinda forced to because i can't find anything that compares to it)Trailers don't give this game justice!Now lets get down to the nitty gritty.Pros:Amazing Day/Night cycleParkour is smoth and amazing(of course)Campaign is awesomeBeautiful gameAmazing AILittle to no bugs accept for a few lag spikes here and there (if you do its your processor and/or RAM)And much more(too many to list)Cons:Damage on weapons is realy fast/overbearing(untill you get further into game then not bad at all)(isn't too bad due to abundance of weapons around map)can't think of anything else(lets just assume that means nothing else is bad)Hope this was helpful!
,Recommended,239140,15409419,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Anyaine,I really enjoyed this game from the beginning to the end! And there is still so much more I can do in this game.  One of the best zombie apocalypse games I've played in a while :)
,Recommended,239140,16021191,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dukath,Hardcore Parkour bro.
,Recommended,239140,16022100,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,vLed,"So far, the games that amazed me about zombies are Left4Dead 2 and Dying Light.For the ratings,Left 4 Dead 7/10Left 4 Dead 2 8/10Dying Light 9.9/10"
76561198010423607,Recommended,239140,16024332,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,개꽃,"Didn't dig it right away since, other than scary, spooky night zombies. I was frustrated why I must shove all dose cookiez and tuna cans and every single god damn food I find down my throat, rather than selling/donating them when those ppl at tower clearly could use some quality food. Wth Crane.Still, good game."
76561198009863783,Recommended,239140,16028218,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Loiterring,"While the game itself is fun; a good blend of parkour with close range brawling and chaos, the real value of the game is in Co-op where you can take on massive hordes and carve through it with a few of your friends, or race across town, or just team up and all keep kicking the same poor s.o.b. while he's down.  That's fun too."
76561197984190641,Recommended,239140,16122057,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lydon,"It's like when in dead island you get to the big city part dealing with the large open area and all the zombies, except what you really wanted it to be.  That's how i see this game...a much better and improved dead island.  If you have always wanted to survive in a city packed with zombies and even worse things at night, this game is for you."
,Recommended,239140,16123311,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ZsnipePro,If you like zombies and parkour this is the game for you! It is one of my favorite games. It is actualy my favorite game on steam.
,Recommended,239140,16127205,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dєѧϯђ,Great game for a play through or two. At some point I'm sure it will become mindless but the story content lasts long enough.
,Not Recommended,239140,16030404,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Captain Redpill,"I actually can't believe I spent £40 on this.This game has a fairly cliche story line, the gameplay feels bland after a 50-minute run, the weapons? Good luck holding on to one, they break easier than the back of a 98-year old carrying a ♥♥♥♥ing truck.Sure the story was somewhat fun, but after that ended, poof, back to your generic brown world.Yet another game about a milked concept.Save yourself the torture and watch gameplay footage or just avoid this game all together.Oh did I mention the DLC is expensive as ♥♥♥♥ and adds barely anything useful?Yeah.Don't bother."
76561198105215273,Recommended,239140,16031835,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Vin,I SHEET MY PANTS EVERY NIGHT !
,Recommended,239140,16033485,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Creepy Fish (R.I.P Hugh),I've beat the story and I'm still playing it because there is just so much to do.9.4/10
76561197992958307,Recommended,239140,16101699,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,disratory,night time can be terrible in the beginning.. but in a great way
76561198004629469,Recommended,239140,16102910,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Noctum Sideris,"This game looks absolutely amazing. Imagine if Dead Island, Farcry 3, and Mirrors Edge had a baby.... this is it.Great gameplay, i think they did really good with first person parkour, the open world looks incredible and with the power to free run anywhere it becomes very exciting. The crafting is very simple, you dont have to waste alot of time learning a difficult crafting system. The games fast pace nature puts you in and out of the action as fast as you can react. The zombies also react to everything you do, setting off car alarms and throwing fireworks are some of the ways to distract the big hordes you will come across. It will get hard, it will get intense, and it will look amazing... The game is Great :)"
,Recommended,239140,19575571,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Freckles P. Kun,"A very good game, full of entertainment.I don't have anything really negative to say about it.Its a bit buggy at times, but the developers have been very helpful in sorting out issues.It's fun, its intense, and its well made."
76561198071764263,Recommended,239140,19575868,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Veteran,"Very great game with amazing graphics level of details. At night, the game renders into very realistic night gameplay. I recommands use custom graphics settings for mid range pc gtx 950, r7 370 or others.  Decrease view distance all the way down to 0% turn off all ambient settings. Textures medium or high others high V sync on. I get pretty stable 60fps at that custom settings and still the graphics are better than consoles.Overall gameplay is perfect. Parkour is your survival skills. You must dodge zombies in order to reach to your destinations. Worth paying 59.99$."
,Recommended,239140,16883466,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,OneAndOnlyKira,Best zombie game period get it
,Recommended,239140,19577292,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,brendan,"This game does everything so damn well.The movement system is incredibly polished and makes running around the map entertaining rather than tedious.  The zombies are really well balanced, there's some that can run/climb but they are generally attracted by sound, the others will come after you if you are nearby but you can easily outrun them.Starting out in the game is really tough.  The game has a skill-based system which means that you have three areas to gain experience in - agility (running/general parkour), power (killing stuff), survival (quests, crafting, not entirely sure).  These each have their own skill trees that you use throughout the game to get upgrades.  The upgrades are great and definitely worth the time invested in getting them (especially the grappling hook late game).The story is okay.  It's not incredible, but it's still enjoyable.  I'm enjoying the quests themselves more than the backstories behind them, which I'm fine with in an action-based game.The game includes a crafting system which isn't shoved down your throat,  Basically while you're running around doing quests you'll run into buildings with crates or toolboxes and you can loot stuff from those, or from zombie corpses, etc.  You can then use the loot for crafting things like medkits to weapon upgrades.  Blueprints are found throughout the map or rewarded through missions which is pretty cool too.In terms of difficulty, this game can be easy at some points, but also incredibly intense at other points, especially during the night.  I'm not going to go into detail here because I'll be spoiling it.  ;)  I haven't even gotten into the co-op modes but I'm definitely looking forward to it once some friends start playing.Onto the most important part to some people - performance.  This game runs at a rock solid 60FPS... except for when there's a lot of fire, then it dips to 40ish.  I don't know why this is, but I would love for it to get fixed in the future.All in all, I'm really happy with my purchase.  Running around, killing zombies, looting stuff, and getting upgrades is incredibly fun.  The map is really well designed and there's many things to do.  Lots of replayability.  I'd highly recommend this game.  If you're still hesitant to buying it, give the demo a try."
76561198088996354,Recommended,239140,19725380,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,✪ Tøny Møntana,Best Survival Game Ever!!!! Especially Co-op Mode. I loved it!!!
76561198019361280,Recommended,239140,19737894,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,akashic_brother,"This is a very good game. The idea of combining parkour acrobatics with elements of RPG game and throw all of it into the zombie overwhelmed middle-east city is unique. And it tastes really good. Graphics, sounds and music are great, stearing mechanism is satisfying, crafting is quite simple but very effective. The city of Haram, where the action takes place is big, diversified but with coherent architercture. The storyline could be a liitle bit more complex but it's fine for me. All in all: 8,5/10."
76561198099355086,Recommended,239140,19679956,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,NalbanT,are you a fan of zombie games?dont die without playing dying light
,Recommended,239140,19673496,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Its Dead Island, the new version and actually an awesome game. You have to get to about 23% on the main quest line to get guns and it just gets better and better. Some of the climb this / that mission parts are like Farcry and is a royal pain to figure out how to get to the top sometimes, but google helps."
76561198000589169,Recommended,239140,19689647,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,gbeslity,"Game is great, except for the end ... 'Extraction'. I don 't like racing against impossible odds. There's no strategy involved.Overlooking the end, the game has great graphics, lots of melee weapons, lots of climbing and jumping. I don't like the Volatiles. If you stand by a Safe Zone they're easy to kill. But outside of that they're imposible to kill. It doesn't make sense.The pistols and rifles are fine; the shotgun is next to worthless. And if I have 2 pistols why does the other pistol's ammo get used up when I fire the 1st one. Same with the rifles. I've never seen a game do that. And I've never seen a game where a standard pistol outperforms a shotgun, even at close range.All in all I loved the game, but it does need a few changes."
,Recommended,239140,19649159,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Oblivion,Better and more stable than dead island/10
,Recommended,239140,19670764,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,aaronvallo,"parkour, crafting, side missions, skill tree, mod tool, I just wish we had something like the ""rockstar editor"" for machinima, this game really deserves that..."
,Recommended,239140,19511861,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TheKansasMan,"Update: Wonderful still, more hours into this game and I'm still impressed. Even the PVP is extremely challenging. Evolve style PVP, except the evolving part is done outside a game. Terrifying in all respects.Excellently executed. Personally, no complaints. Some of the movement system could use work, such asthe grappling hook hitting a ledge, draggin you to it, and dropping you 1000 feet to your death.Anyway... Overall, a very enjoyable play despite the difficult learning curve.Another note; this game has a large resemblance to Mirror's Edge and Dead Island. I dont know how many hours I have on this game, but I will tell you there are more to come.11/10, would go out at night again just to be slapped off a tower."
76561198023183598,Recommended,239140,19686072,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Shurk,"Probably one of the best Zombie games I've played so far. It has co-op for the story so you can play alone which makes things even scarier or you can play with your buddies.I myself completed the game with a friend and nothing was more funny then us running out durring night time and screaming like little girls when the big bad thingies came after us and we had to jump around and climb to places hard to get to to escape them.All in all, it has a good eviroment, cool weapons which you can mod with electricity or fire f. ex., the parkour makes it so much fun and you feel the intensity of the game as it isn't so easy to kill zombies at the start of the game when you're figuring things out."
76561198004488709,Recommended,239140,19686382,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,<=GTN2OLD4DIS#%&$=>,"Love how the Parkour and graphics are seamless in game, hope new DLC keeps has more of it. Never much of a fan for survival games until i came across this one...Thanks."
,Recommended,239140,19595294,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,chikenbai,love this game
76561198179681127,Recommended,239140,19601212,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Hiko are you kidding me,great game really well made love the graphics but it does require a great computer. else its so beautiful ingame worth the buy
76561198007758219,Recommended,239140,14641780,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Floki,"I have never played a game that made my heart race, palms sweat, and eyes wide the entire time I played from start to finish (periodically checking behind me to make sure i wasn't actually IN THE GAME!)  Unbelievable combat, parkour, storyline, freedom, graphics, voiceovers , I could go on. Haven't touched the multiplayer or be the zombie mode yet, but I'm sure they're great. This game is going to be amazing once I convince a friend to play co-op!! Total replayability and lots of quests and quarantine zones to do even once you beat the game. HUGE thumbs up. Greatest game I've ever played."
76561198116015995,Recommended,239140,19637147,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,vegeta,amazing game loved it why jade why dirty w#@re
,Recommended,239140,19982606,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,El Barto 227,Got the grappling hook and became a zombie-slaying Spiderman10/10
,Recommended,239140,19982789,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,cassistro,"amazing game! I can't describe how much I love it, perfect!"
76561198010343462,Recommended,239140,14588660,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Okra,"Techland offered us a great game with Dying Light. This is not a sequel to the Dead Island serie but it shares a lot of similarities; the weapon crafting, the quests system, the loot and of course the setting. However, Dying light improves most of the mechanics found in Dead Island and also add some new fun stuff.The Parkour is what make this game shine. Navigating through the city of  Harran is fast paced and after a while you get to know the best route to get from point A to point B very quickly while dodging, beheading and crushing zombies on the way. And once night time comes the difficulty increase a lot and new kinds of crazy zombies gets out to hunt you.Like Dead island you can play co-op and there is also a game mode call Be the Zombie that lets you play the infected and invade other player's games.The story is nothing special and most characters you encounters are very sterotypical of any Zombie story. Most of the important plot of the story were easy to foresee making the moment less intense or exciting. Nonetheless, you will gain affection and sympathy for many of the survivor you will meet during your new runner career.I completed the story in about 20hours while doing some side quest in between. The main quest offer a good variety of task to do and i didn't feel bored by it. There are also some interesting 'Boss' fight at certain key moment of the story and the difficulty curve of the quest progression is smooth. The side quest were also very fun but they were almost always  the same old fetch this and bring it back kind of things. Some of the side quest gave me some good laugh and some were kinda sad.My biggest disapointement was the final of the game. That part was just frustrating and the final 'boss' fight was extremely lousy designed. (Quick Time Event fight.... really... after all this). Anyway, once completed i could go back to the city and continue to play the good part of the game.I recommend this game to all zombie fans and if you were disapointed by Dead Island, give Dying Light a try."
76561197994694273,Recommended,239140,14588760,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,McStone,One of the best games I've played in a while.  Cannot put it down!
76561198065503531,Recommended,239140,14589250,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Agent PocaDots,fell off the tower and died 10/10
76561198040305275,Recommended,239140,14589454,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Om3gaTroller,Amazing game!!! Love the intensity and the friends to play with!!!Definitely recommend this game to all gamers that will enjoy a fun and fresh game!!!
76561198006290494,Recommended,239140,14589457,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,dayron669,It's kind of like Dead Island. Except it was more interesting so I actually finished it.
76561197970362866,Recommended,239140,14590830,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,noone,"Had fun playing it, was long but didn't drag out, story missions were a little weak, but everything else makes up for it.Game play is good, parkour can be alittle hard to get used to at first, but once you do, you'll notice it missing in other games. Melee combat is good, doesn't get out of hand like in Dead Rising, and even when your at full power(max levels) you can still be overwhelmed by the zombies if not careful.Had a nice variety of melee weapons, but didn't like escalation of melee weapon damage, making some of your favorite weapons obsolete, and alot of the weapon craft recipes obsolete also. Probably could of done it another way, but it's not a deal breaker. The variety of grenades would of been nice if at least half of them were effective, but the ones that work, really work, while the others were just wasted resources. Another thing about melee combat: why can't you parry like the human NPC's can?Gun combat was probably the weakest part of the game, variety of firearms sucks, and the ones you do get generally don't get used much because of the noise they generate. No Suppressors for firearms. Minor spoiler, later in the game you run into someone who should be able to make them, but nope. You can craft all kinds of weird stuff, but no suppressors. There were a few times your pretty much forced to use firearms, and when you do, they just don't ""feel"" right. They do work though, you just won't be using them much.Day/night cycle was great. During the day, you scavenge, get stuff done. There is danger, but for the most part you can get into and out of trouble without dying(going to want to concentrate on building up agility at first, mobility is the key to survival). Night, well, it's been awhile since a game has made me nervous. Nighttime in this game is deadly. Other types of zombies come out to play, and even at the later levels its pretty easy to get killed. Unless you play with the gamma up, it's DARK. You eventually do get some night vision, but when you do venture out at night, you need a plan. It helps greatly to get familiar with your surroundings, the closest safe house, and the path there.Variety of enemies is mixed. Human enemies come in the have guns and don't have guns variety. They can be a pain to fight, though you will figure out a few tactics that make them easy to kill. Nice variety of zombies, most are the slow kind, but even that can be deceptive because some of them are as quiet as the grave and can sneak up on you if your not paying attention. There are some fast ones, some tough ones, and then there are the ones at night who are fast, tough, and generally unkillable until later in the game. Even then, they like to call for help, so again, night combat is hit and run.There are a small variety of activities that can give you something to do, and alot of them will at least help you level up, if not give you weapon upgrades and recipes. Don't let the story rush you, far as I can tell there is no time limit. The story  missions...meh. Some were good, but I really hated how they forced you into situations. They will take control of the clock, so even if you started in the morning, you could wind up out at night. Or gear is taken away from you(they at least give you the option of getting it back, but it only made sense once). And the end fight is anticlimatic at best. Still, not deal breaker,The game world itself is nice. Graphics look good, and the world itself shows that they put effort into this. Nice variety of locations, and even traveling from one end of the map to the other didn't feel like a chore most times. Exploring would yield rewards much of the time, and there are all kinds of out of the way or almost hidden places. You can jump or climb to almost any place, though some places did take alittle thinking to get to. Another thing, heights. I hate heights. I actually got a bit of vertigo climbing some of the towers.All in all, I loved playing this game. Room for improvement, sure. But this is one of the best games I've played in a long while."
76561198092170151,Recommended,239140,14201021,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Chriscarbomb,NvidiaTHE WAYITS MEANTTO BE PLAYED
76561198016127099,Recommended,239140,14592236,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,denglade84,"This game wasn't even remotely what i expected, somehow it just didn't look all that promising to me at first.But ohh was i wrong, first of all this game's gameplay is smooth and fluid, I really was impressed by the movement system, it just works extremely well, when traversing the city's buildings and jumping over walls and stuff like that. The city is designed to look very realistic and with proper amounts of details, to impress me just by the visuals alone.The combat system is very well done, gives that satisfying felling when killing one zombie efter the another. The sound is very well done in the game, it gives excellent ambient noises like, rattling noise to creep you out, and to fear zombies at every corner. I admit the sound when killing zombies is like smashing tomatoes, and get's kinda silly at some point, but on the other hand I didn't need everything to be that serious, and nothing that affects gameplay at all.The story in the game is pretty interesting and enough urge me to play on see what's next, it might not be groundbreaking or very new but it holds most of the way through.All in all a very enjoyable game, with enough action to entertain most, and still with excellent nighttime gameplay which is creepy to say the least.It's like a first person GTA like (freedom) without cars and with zombies instead. Worth every penny:)"
,Recommended,239140,14396423,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Raptorman,"While the performance on pc is pretty bad for most of the users, the game shines on it's gameplay, the combat feels really great and satisfying. As for the story it self it's not that bad, but it's not amazing either, and the game is pretty long about 25-30 hours depeding on your playstyle. Also, the rpg elements are well-placed and it has 3 skill levels which you'll have to work on them. The parkour feels like a more primitive version of Assassin's creed's parkour system, but it does its job and works quite smoothly for the most part.  Worth the 50 euro? Definitely, just keep in mind not to expect great performance on most pc's."
76561198063792140,Recommended,239140,14397398,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Plumtree ツ,"Laughable story that felt like a complete Far Cry 3 rip off (especially in a certain sequence in the 3rd quarter of the game), and the protagonist has plot armor like no other, that being said the gameplay was fun enough to keep me entertained! I give it a 7/10."
76561197965370334,Recommended,239140,14399131,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,prettysmart,"Other than performance issues with running 2 GPUs, Dying Light works pretty flawlessly for me. Decent storyline and great graphics. Game mechanics could be cleaned up a bit."
76561198114121125,Recommended,239140,14399775,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Colestrocity,"Though this game may be not very visually pleasing in contrast to the power required to run it, and it has pretty much patched together things from different games and genres and put into one big ball.  i.e. Dead Island, Mirrors Edge, L4D, etc.  There is no denying that this game is FUN.  It is very FUN, and it is very worth your money."
,Recommended,239140,14291750,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gono,"Great game and an even better story. The only problem i have is the performance of this game (it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ and some audio bug. It makes you think there are tons of weapons but they are basically the same thing, none the less is pretty fun to use them. 7/10EDIT: Main story only takes 16 hours of gameplay, after that the game gets kinda boring....make sure to do the side quest to add some more lifespam to the game"
,Recommended,239140,14439140,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Drych,Asassains creed mixed with left for dead and a little bit of fallout and to top it all off you can turn into spiderman! fantastic game and my contention for game of the year already! You will not e dissapointed.
,Recommended,239140,14439389,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,jakeepoo,"Dying Light is one of the best games I've played in the past few years, very much worth the money. The travel system is bar-none, very smooth free running and so many ways to kill zombies it's a blast.  The game does a great job at being scary without jump scares and any of that crap, I would reccomend turning off the music as it tends to take away from the suspense."
,Recommended,239140,14439424,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,SkunkDung,"First of all, let me say this games has pretty much everything you'd expect out of a zombie game.  Story line was not too bad, it's not something that makes you keep wanting to replay the story though.  There's plenty of side quests and other activities to do that keep you occupied and coming back for more fun.Secondly I wanted to say that I was able to run this on my laptop as well which has a GT 635m, not overclocked or anything.  It ran at approx 30 fps consistently with a few drops now and then. So if youre fine with that low fps you can go ahead and buy it."
76561198202191532,Recommended,239140,14439475,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,game legend,I love this game i've played on my brothers ps4 but this game on a laptop is bad. It needs something to help it with low fps. I do not recomend you get this for a laptop but i do recomend it for a desk top.
76561198019244999,Recommended,239140,14439642,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Satiro Volante,"This game is great.I'm an avid gamer and I spend way too much money on steam. I very often find myself overwhelmed by the number of games I havent finished yet and end up playing a bit of all and never finishing anything. Not with this game. I liked it so much I didn't play any other games until I completed this one. Which is a lot from me.It reminds Dead Island a lot, but is soo much better. I also like the versatility of the difficulty in this game: during the day, it shouldn't be too much trouble staying alive (if you are not stupid enough to make too much noise and attract all of the city's zombies to you). But during the night its a whole different story. But you probably know this already.Story is surprisingly good, there were a few moments that really got me into it...but overall its not so impressive. The ending was rushed in my opinion, the final boss was...ugh. Quicktime event.Sooo:Pros:-kiling zombies is lots of fun- running away from zombies is lots of fun- the violence...oh the violence is sublime. Done so well.-Good story-Solid gameplay, good difficulty level for most (and anyway they are surely going to make a mod to increase the difficulty)-surprisingly good secondary questsCons:-Occasional stuttering, nothing major-might get too easy towards the end if you are good (it was for me, of course, such a pro. wow.)-not so many zombie models...feel like killing the same zombies again and again-ridiculous shooter missions. So easy. Enemies are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in those. Really. Why even...? Mah."
,Recommended,239140,16006708,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Ellisrael,"Just when you think the game couldn't get more entertaining, you discover multiplayer. Amazing multiplayer experience."
76561198101399156,Recommended,239140,15970823,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BeachLessIsland,love the game and cant wait for updates
,Recommended,239140,15971676,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Blygrossisten,"It is a polished and refined Dead Island. So far it has been really good, recommend it!"
76561197964862073,Recommended,239140,15973092,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,EazyTargit,"I didn't think I'd like this game - it's like Dead Island 'light' but then I have it a chance and have after many many fours of really enjoyable game play completed each and every side quest, etc.It grows on you - if you are a little stressed out from Dead Island fire up this title and have some uncomplicated fun. It's a game that's really kind to you and smashing zombie skulls has never been as entertaining."
76561198091416273,Recommended,239140,15974266,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Aspartame Daddy,"If you enjoy zombie slaying action games and co-op; this is the game for you. You should take up the opportunity while it is on sale.Reasons why it is worth your time:- I was not very fond of the dead island series, mainly because when I started playing it all my friends have already beat the game and moved on, so when I started I had no one to play with. This game however is much for fun to play alone, however it's even better when it is co-op. The combat is much more satisfying, it's relies heavily on melee combat like dead island except the zombies do not level up like they did in dead island, meaning even damaged weapons will remain some what effective against the zombies.- The night and day cycle is pretty intense; you will go from being a total zombie slaying badass during the day, to a mobile midnight snack during night for the volatiles. I will say the first night is the most spooky due to it being your first experience with the more dangerous zombies and you will also have to survive this encounter alone, but after the first night you can play with friends and things get a little more interesting.- Be the zombie is fun, although I never have had the chance to play as the zombie because most people have this option blocked out, it is fun to play against. The zombie player is strong and fast, if you are not careful you will die instantly. Overall this mode is an interesting challenge with  4 vs 1 gameplay. It's also it's nice how that feature is given out for free, while evolve will charge you $69.99 to play a game that is built strictly on a multiplayer 4 vs 1 formula. I will warn you though, if you leave this option open on your server for too long chances are you will be invaded repeatedly and when you are invaded the in game time is put on pause, so after your first invasion I reccommend disabling the option to save you the hassle of not being able to progress through the night.- Lot's of easter egg's, if you enjoy finding little things that can make a big difference in your game then you will love dying light. I don't want to spoil it to much, so by exploring the area well I'm sure you will find something worth your time.- Large expansive world, and with the parkour system in place it makes exploring a blast. Don't feel like doing a mission? Ran out of missions? Who cares, you can run around, jump off stuff and bash zombies skulls in all at the same time.- The crafting system is amazing, ever want to trade in your old crowbar for an electric group tazing crowbar? How about a toxic hammer? Freeze grenades? All this is possible in game, therefor you should go out and do it.All in all, this is one of my favourite games in the past few months and I would definitely reccommend it to a friend. If you are looking for something new, something to play with friends and or something to sink a lot of time into then look no further. I will not rate with a % for this game because in all honesty scoring a games like that,  90% of the time rating is bs. My rating spectrum ranges from garbage, playable but not overly enjoyable, and the seal of awesome and I believe this game deserves the seal because it brings a lot to the table and is still a lot of fun to play."
76561197995143124,Recommended,239140,16043890,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bone_Collector,Best game ever!
,Recommended,239140,16045870,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Simen,"Amazing game, played the whole campaign COOP with a friend. Had a lot of fun, looting feels natural and is not boring, experienced a lot of jumpscares and found all the easter eggs. Overall a fantastic game!Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Story: 9/10Combat: 10/10Audio: 9/1010x times better to play the story with a friend."
76561198035472537,Recommended,239140,16050835,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,The professor,This game is what I was looking for in zombie genre for very long time + its has gorgeous graphics and great parkourabsolutely worth the money and time
76561198066020071,Not Recommended,239140,16137365,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rove,I haven't been able to play the game for almost three months because of a bug that makes all zombies and walls invisible
,Recommended,239140,16137859,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,zzzZZZ,10/10
,Recommended,239140,16141696,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ponylarity,"Awesome game right from the start, interesting enough story, gameplay took a bit of getting used to but once you got the hang it was just beautiful. Difficulty scale was a bit off, what with the game starting out hardcore and then getting more or less easier as you go especially when you get access to guns. Major flaws?  Quest item turn ins. Certain quests require you to turn in regular items (not flagged as quest only key items) and they just take whatever from your inventory, sometimes stealing your favourite weapon. Easy enough to avoid but, an annoying little issue nonetheless. Multiplayer/Co-op experience so far has been limited, but thats mainly because of the lack of people to connect to for some reason.Final score? overall 8/10  Good game, good graphics, just a bit dissapointing in near endgame difficulty."
76561198111061481,Recommended,239140,16143724,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[L.A.Z.Y.]monkeyisobvious,"Well to start out, its a very nice game. Its got a good story to keep you interested. The co-op is a great features. I like the parkour. So overal, a great gameNow for the complaints......It has so many freaking bugs. Most of them I dont even notice. but one created a huge problem. Not just because it made the game much harder. But it took a lot of the fun out of it.The bug im reffering to makes it so that most objects, NPCs, and all zombies still function but they are invisiblelike I said not just because it makes it harder but I would like to see the people I am talking to. I would like to know where the ledge I am going to grab is located. And I would love to know where the zombies are instead of just button mashing through the whole game.So in conclusion, Fun game but buy at your own risk"
,Recommended,239140,15893627,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Snow,"This is something between Far Cry and Mirror`s Edge.The plot is decent, but not something that will keep you awake the whole night.The gameplay, though, is as good as any fps has ever achieved, specially if you are using an xbox controller."
76561198196076119,Recommended,239140,15876246,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ImTheRealWolf,"I try to run this game but it keeps saying ""Your computer does not meet the minimum requirements to run this software."" If anyone can help me please do"
,Not Recommended,239140,15801731,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Scooter,One of the worst video games I have ever played.
,Recommended,239140,19922391,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Qaux,"I've watched lots of gameplay for it, was super hyped, then found out that even though my machine met the ""system requirements"" stated below, it was choppy, delayed, and downright unplayable.I thought, I wont give up now, my beefy desktop will sure do the trick!Nope.The game is wonderful and I DO recommend it, however if you dont have a gaming computer / laptop I recommend saving your money or buying the console version."
76561198185406291,Recommended,239140,19926225,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KingWillie,The best Zombie game. And on sell for 20 bucks! Buy this!!
,Recommended,239140,19817706,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,groomermo,i have beaten this game twice and still love playing it. wish the multiplayer option was more like a mmo instead of matching. as well as i wish you could play as a female character
,Recommended,239140,19825891,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ahoa,Great co-op!!
76561198083145560,Recommended,239140,19826480,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,WolvenBassGuitar,I am massively enjoying hard mode even if it does kick me up the butt... Alot
,Recommended,239140,14600988,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DariBro,Great Game!
76561197997983747,Recommended,239140,19841027,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Donewell,Recommended!!!Good night and good fight :)So much done right in this game that it would be a waste of time to go into details.The coop part could use a little attention on the main questline and the story seemed a bit to short.
76561198039740733,Recommended,239140,19838606,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Christ Child,"Really a great game. Says I've played 100 hrs but I have left the game on and what not so it's all not that accurate. I have beat the main campaign and have done over half of the side quests. This game is really fun if you liked the mechanics of assasins creed and enjoy character building (skill trees and what not) along with plenty of looting and upgrading gear. They also have a fallout 3 ish feel to the game where most of your weapons will break if you repair them too many times (you will likely have better gear anyways) but it is definitely a feature I missed from fallout 3 that I know isn't in fallout 4 anymore.Basically this game is a cross between the Fallout franchise and the Assasin's Creed franchise and the developers totally nailed it. Give this game a shot you can tell the makers of the game put a lot of thought into it, you won't be dissapointed.Pros:  Free running is really fun, just play and if you don't like it in 2 hrs return the gameLooting is worth it-You can go in a lot of buildings and get good stuff from random places-A lot of quests urge to you keep going (the thrill of the story) but you can take it slow and loot-Upgrading is fun Story was okay (you can skip I did sometimes but sometimes I got wrapped up in somecutscenes)- Quests are worth doing because you get xp and money (store sometimes has good stuff)Smashing zombies is really really fun- good level of being easy yet can easily be overwhelmed- death penalty is fair enough to be fun, easy enough to not be a big deal (you lose a little ex basically)- good mix up of differnt zombie types/states- lots of different weapons that you will have to useRunning at night is scary af (especially the first few times)YOU GET A GAT DAMN GRAPPLIN HOOK!Cons: Climbing some of the buildings becomes tedious and repetitive.Grapping hook has reload (you get like 3-4 shots )Picking locks gets really annoyingDifferences between weapon upgrades are vagueI don't think match making is scaled (I turned early if off because everyone had katanas)CHECK IT OUT ITS REALLY F'ING GOOD"
76561198040187879,Recommended,239140,19837901,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,stokiewan,"awesome game, zombies eat you in ultimate 4k"
76561198061542867,Recommended,239140,19782981,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jake Paul Official Fan Page,Amazing game.   CANNOT WAIT FOR THE FOLLOWING DLC.Best zombie playground yet..
,Recommended,239140,19822364,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kamu,"First Night without read and know♥♥♥♥♥♥bout the game, almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself, im afraid i have to use diapers now :c"
76561198052404746,Recommended,239140,19800438,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,angeobscurite,"A very fun game very smooth gameplay and intense action. Almost two games in one with the diference between night and day. The story is a little bland and non-original but the game play is defiantly very addicting. Nothing more satisfying kicking zombies into stakes, or drop kicking them of buildings, or parkouring arround the city."
,Recommended,239140,19783979,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SwagginsBaggins,This game was unexpectantly a ton of fun.
76561198141756994,Recommended,239140,19782390,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,dehmialani,"Damn man, this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing freaking GOOOOOOOD, if you have the money go and get it , and don't hesitate at all."
,Recommended,239140,19985210,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Karma,"█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄Pros:- Awesome open world zombie game- Quite a bit to do overall. Fair bit of side content, if you are into that. Not as bad as Skyrim with side quests fortunately.- There is a light RPG aspect, as far as choosing what you want to level and side content.- Fighting zombies is challenging, and there is a hardcore mode if you want to go for that. It is a fair bit harder.- Captivating storylineCons:- Can get repetitive, so replay value isn't great, particularly beyond first or second playthrough.- Leveling up can be tedious and annoying, esp. in the higher levels.Grab it while it is on sale for sure."
76561198061841829,Recommended,239140,19987837,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hestia,"Looking for player that can ckear bozak horde with 31min, add me please"
,Recommended,239140,19965613,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Aazey,Movement system and combat is good. Really the only thing that matters in these games along with storytelling
,Recommended,239140,19962637,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,fonsi,"Nuts and Fruits -eats chocholate barBurger -eats chocholate barFood overal -eats chocholate bar12/10 Best gourmet experience ever, better than Chef,"
76561198029071593,Recommended,239140,19955142,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,George Costanza,One of the best coffee collector simulators I've ever played10/10
76561198065152179,Recommended,239140,19959770,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bat,Drop kicking zombies has never been so much fun.buy this game.
,Recommended,239140,21030473,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ScOpE 0_O,definatley worth it
,Recommended,239140,21116070,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SkyTheGooselord,"Horrible writing but good gameplay. If you can't get past horribly written dialogue and a semi-nonsensical story then don't grab this game. Otherwise, it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,239140,21116235,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SnapFyre,Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥and play it you will be pleased with your self
76561198055096987,Recommended,239140,21116416,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Thisisaperson1,"This game is amazing. I bought it when it was 50% off, and I definitely got my money's worth with it. Hell, for the amount of fun I had with it, I wouldn't mind paying full price, and I'm a cheap♥♥♥♥♥gamer, meaning, you'll probably never hear those words from my mouth again.I'm really excited about playing the DLC, and will probably do a review on that as well.Dying Light is great... Just... Just buy the game.Steam has a character limit.If you want to see my full review, head over toBacklogreviewer.wordpress.com"
76561198134802234,Recommended,239140,21189924,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,LEGO,Best Zombie Game ever
76561198141524294,Recommended,239140,21189992,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RWEKnightHunter,BEST GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,21037703,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Reaper2707,One of the best zombies games I've played in a while. The game offers alot of intresting elements to the franchise and adds  a unique twist to the zombies during night time aswell with the 'Be The Zombie' mode.
,Recommended,239140,21038039,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dramion,"I highly recommed getting a friend and playing this game in online co-op. Best time I have had playing an online co-op game!! My friend's internet connection isn't the greatest, he had no issues playing this game with me. No lag, everything stayed synced, really well done netcode."
,Recommended,239140,21034610,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,lmrjonesl,awesome game
76561197971110529,Recommended,239140,21031430,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rav,zombies.. parkour...what isnt to like?
76561198112397200,Recommended,239140,21031758,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Black_Fortune,Never played Dead Island because is to scary :/ But Dying light is more fun than Dead Island but i cannot wait for Following DLC :D9/10
76561197967244540,Recommended,239140,19168245,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,RinValak,"Pros:-Amazing super fun gameplay.-You can cut a zombie's leg off and it crawls around.-You can break a zombie's leg, watch the bone break in x-ray slow mo, and it'll fall and crawl around.-Tons of cool skills that give you new moves and playstyles.-Parkour.-Visuals and atmosphere.-The map. It's complicated, fun to run around in, detailed and cool.-The ""Dungeons"" are pretty rad, don't skip those.-I never had anyone to play co-op with, but I bet it's cool. foreveralone.jpgCons:-Writing is absolute crap. Honestly that doesn't change my review much though. Play it for the gameplay.-Guns are disappointing, but that didn't bother me too much since the melee is so good.-The end boss battle. Holy ♥♥♥♥ it's bad. All this amazing dynamic combat through the whole game, and the end boss battle is a Simon Says quicktime event? I think the last time I finished a game with such a sour taste in my mouth was Mass Effect 3.Rating: A- (Yes, that minus is because of the end boss battle.)"
76561198165411081,Recommended,239140,21038447,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Magad The Great,"The free-wheeling catharsis that follows an adrenaline-fueled sprint through Haran...  It is powerful.Z. O. M. B. I. E. S.Amen, and amen."
76561198240081752,Recommended,239140,21042639,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mr Mookster,GG. Doing this for my community badge.
76561198101010444,Recommended,239140,14470819,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,anus,Most fun game of 2015 so far
,Recommended,239140,21050639,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Walther,I DO PARKOUR AND SH*T
,Recommended,239140,21051882,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,✪ ememeister .___.,+ The storyline is great. Not that long but great.+ Very playabale after you learn the actually simple mechanics of the parcour style moving.+ Level system is fun.+ Multiplayer system doesn't bug.
,Recommended,239140,21045599,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,"It's a really good time, for a good amount of time."
76561198049301235,Recommended,239140,21046616,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Deage McDiddly,"I play a lot....Seriously this game is outstanding in all aspects. The game has a slow and difficult start at first. Once you break through and increase your lvl you will grow to love this game. Especially with the new expansion releasing thats gowing to make the game even larger than it already is. I could write a really long review on why this game is amazing ,but I would rather spend time actually playing the game instead."
,Recommended,239140,20864653,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,BananaGrabber,"I have my cake, and im enjoying it too.kinda repetitive thoughvanilla cake isnt very flashy or appealing.unless you like vanilla cake.enjoy your vanillla cake, you nerd."
76561198064716175,Recommended,239140,14233088,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,bluelightning4,get it...
,Recommended,239140,14233399,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,supernova,"I found the gameplay extremely smooth and satisfying. The world is highly navigable and detailed. 45% total completion and ~50% story completion so far after 20 hours of game time. Im fairly indifferent about the story so far though.If you're a big fan of open world games, I'd definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,239140,14233409,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,IronToastBot,"I haven't been this immersed in an open world game since Morrowind. Fun acrobatic combat and interesting characters, there's even co-op too!"
,Recommended,239140,14233525,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,XSilverREAPeRX,"This by far is one of my new favorite Zombie Games! A Must Have especially if you were a fan of Dead Island, this game is more than 10 times better!!! Game Of The Month for sure possible GOTY!!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14233559,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Night,10/10 this game has amazing graphics and the story line is enticing as ♥♥♥♥! i love it!
76561198050533771,Recommended,239140,14233624,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Roasty_Mc_Toasty,"This game is like taking Mirrors Edge and Dead Island, with Mirrors Edge's parkour and Dead Islands crafting and zombies, it makes to be an overall great game10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14233640,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,815|Shouldabeen,"Dying Light is like Assassin's Creed meets Dead Island. After over 20 hours of gametime, it is still just as fun as the first. I'll leave a list of pros and cons so people can understand what I find interesting and my dislikes-Pros+Day/Night gameplay adds two totally different worlds to the game along with 2 totally different atmospheres, allowing 2 completely different playstyles to enjoy the game. You can either be Duke Nukem during the day or Solid Snake at night.+Crafting system seems well thought out. Not as immense as a sandbox game such as Minecraft+Quarantine zones add a bit of challenge but aren't overwhelming+Storyline is believable and immersing+Tons of side quests and hidden treasures such as Zombie Statues and Flags (No idea what they do or how many of each there are)+Prologue is a good tutorial of how to do the basics+Co-op feels smooth and you can literally challenge your partner(s) to just about everything+Leveling skills independently feels cool+Other special zombies are generally well placed and can cause issues for what starts off easy goingCons-Daytime gameplay feels fairly easy compared to night. Most enemies are very slow and unchallenging.-Game likes to put golems (large hammer guys) near objectives as sort of mini bosses. This eventually feels fairly wahed up-Gun variety is seems very limited, especially compared to melee weapon variety-Skill system seems to only be half thought out. They set up the base for a great system, but seemed to not add enough unique skills to each tree. After about 18, you maximize all skills until about level 24 of each tree, which creates this very large gap in skills you get to learn.-Random bugs and glitches happen sometimes, for me, I get one that doesn't allow me to interact with anything. Cannot pick up items or set off traps.-Grapple system feels like it was done entirely wrong and needs a rework. 90% of the time when you grapple an enemy, you still take damage from his attackNow I know my list of cons is considerably longer than my list of pros, but most of them are easily fixed through patches or DLC. All in all I really like Dying Light and I'd give it a 4/5"
76561198073277097,Recommended,239140,14233685,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,wahbs,"Great gameBut needs a performance patchTurn off vsync, AA, and view distance.. and u should be fine untill the patch."
76561197980580378,Recommended,239140,14233867,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,postaL,This game is mirrors edge with zombies! I fully reccommend this to anyone looking for a fresh new style of an open world style zombie first person action game. Very rewarding crafting and leveling system.. game feels very polished. Props to first game inawhile without release date issues.
76561198005148157,Recommended,239140,14233953,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,`Blittzd,"Well what can I say about this game, Other than its amazing!! If you like'd farcry 3 and mirrors edge+ a bit of dead island this game is for you. I found myself trapped inside a house at nighttime (which is scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ended up sitting there for 10 minutes due to how many zombies and boilers were outside. Once I saw a clear path i booked it as fast as I could go to the safehouse. This game just makes you feel like you are really IN THE♥♥♥♥♥♥of a zombie apocalypse.Gameplay 9/10Music 11/10Graphics 10/10 ( if you have the computer to run everything on high)Zombies 10/10I really thought DayZ would end up similar to something like this but it didn't. So don't buy Dayz or h1z1, buy dying light if you want to smash some zombie skulls, and really feel satisfied!!!"
76561198038481573,Recommended,239140,14232696,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SpoonTheMan,"A combination of Zombie Survival and Awesome Parkour!High PC Requirements, but it's not that hard if you find a guide for it's graphics options on Nvidia's site (not a problem if you own ATI Radeon), it's not that hard to find good settings for performance and graphics. Plus the game supports the Oculus Rift, so it's ready for VR!"
76561198004011277,Recommended,239140,14234251,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Vito,"It's actually not bad after playing it for almost an hour. I think it will actually be a blast once going more into it.Hardware wise, I'm running a i7 3770 @ 4.2 , 780 GTX . For the kids crying the game is broken and frame drops. If you are not monitoring your vram and gpu usage but only complaining then that is what you get and if you are not willing to actually find where the bottleneck is on YOUR pc..NOT game, then PLAY XBOX.At 1080p res my 780 maxes out the 3 GB vram instantly. So it is obvious if you do not go and lower video settings from defaults you will get stutter due to vram maxed out. With my decent 3gb vid card i took off AA, and others to lower it so vram was not maxed. Then wow a game runs good no stutter. Not just this game but for the kids that cry a game is broken and dont even look where the PC limitations are should not PC game...or at least cry about the game when it's their PC.For those newbs google EVGA precision, and you can see your vid card limitations to lower. I got a decent card at 780 3gb and if you do not lower settings you will stutter since vram limit is maxed."
76561197987617089,Recommended,239140,14234442,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,n1cky,This game is awesome looking and the gameplay is badass.. I never play single player games.. I actually enjoy this game and kicking zombie's asses.. I read quite a few reviews and the people complaining about the graphics and stuttering and all that are either confused or on lower end pcs.. I am running this on i7 5820k and GTX 980. Not sure how to tell the fps or i'd let you know. Either way I really do enjoy this game so far.
,Recommended,239140,14234682,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Destructivepyro,Fun game which would be more fun if it were more polished. Hoping they fix these bugs soon...
,Recommended,239140,14234748,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SirElmo,"I honestly have been waiting for a game like this for a very long time. I love the theme (zombie apocalypse) the city setting the weapon designs and overall use, where guns arent the only way to have a fighting chance and in some cases the guns dont help much.  I love the free open world feel and the freedom to run climb or slash your way to where you want to go. I love the gameplay overall as a 9/10 the story i really liked even if i think it is a bit short.  I do wish there was something else to do once you beat the campaign and the side missions to give the game some more........ feel to keep playing. I havent finished all the side missions or the collectables but i figured i would just through that out there.  I was excited for this game for a very long time and I was not dissapointed overall in the slightest!"
76561198012008232,Recommended,239140,14234802,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Huntermasta,Finished the game and am glad to say that this game is amazing. The day/night aspect of this game is amazing. The night time is super scary throughout the whole game. If you are scared of heights i'd have to say this game messes with your mind many times. Climbing those huge towers will make your heart drop every time.  Everything about this game is awesome. 9.9/10 I was not disappointed. (Nothing ever gets 10/10 :P)
76561198011348799,Recommended,239140,14235490,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sixty3,"Great game, so much fun, very polished run smooth like silk with detail maxed 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,14231819,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SnakeDFox,Just like Dead Island with parkour
,Recommended,239140,14235804,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,waffen schutzstaffel,good game
,Recommended,239140,14236094,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,UncertainZero,Dying Light combines the wonderfully visceral combat from Dead Island with the freedom of movement of Mirrors Edge all in a well designed fun to explorer open world. I definately recommend this game. Some players have experienced performance problems but with the proper settings I was able to run the game with no issues.
,Recommended,239140,19755478,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,R3M11X魔法少女✿◕◡◕,"One of the most visually appealing games I've played thus far. Graphics are amazing on ultra, and the game atmosphere is very submersive. Although some of the climbing mechanics need a little work, it is pretty open with where you want to go and how you want to get there.Even after beating the game's main story, I still feel like it's just the beginning for me. There is still a lot to explore in Harran such as quarentine zones  and lots of really cool items to find. There is also a neat PvP feature with humans vs. Hunters.I do have one suggestion. Definitely play this game with friends as it does get lonely sometimes running around as if you're the last human on Earth.If you do get the game, a little tip for you:Don't worry about your best weapons expiring. There's a guy in singleplayer mode called the Refurbisher and he can restore all your weapons plus repairs at the cost of doing his little quest. He is found late game and is randomly roaming in the map. I will say though, I kind of want the devs to make him appear more often as he is very difficult to find. I only found him once by accident.Overall, I recommend this game."
76561198119827251,Recommended,239140,19755699,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Creean,"Really great game. There are a few glitches and bugs, but they just make it funnier and don't hinder the gameplay. Graphics are beautiful and controls are good. At first the gameplay is a bit slower because you have less stamina, but it is not that bad. As you level up and are able to fight and run for longer it is easier. There is a nice variety of zombies to fight and cool weapons to build."
,Recommended,239140,19576670,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dodolfo,recommend for all zombie gamers out there .. parkour + zombies = epic gameplay
76561198008354301,Recommended,239140,19753664,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,EmperorJul,"a great game that has it all, mirrors edge's parkour, batman's grappeling hook, dead island's weapon handling, borderlands' weapon levels and skyrim/fallout's lockpicking.no but seriously, it's a realy good game."
76561198056278587,Recommended,239140,19751260,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Soarer828,"Very, VERY positive review. Thanks Techland for great game!"
,Recommended,239140,19767440,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,EdoMathias,do you like ZOMBIES?do you like SURVIVAL?do you like CRAFTING?do you like PARKOUR?do you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IN YOUR PANTS IN THE NIGHT BECAUSE A BIG SCARRY a$$ ZOMBIE SPOOKED YOU?do you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IN YOUR PANTS IN THE NIGHT BECAUSE A BIG SCARRY a$$ ZOMBIE SPOOKED YOU WITH YOUR FRIENDS?well.. you better buy DYING LIGHT!ITS SUPER FUN! and even better with your friends!the campign is super cool and its even better with the parkour mechanics!this game is just AMAZING!!enjoyed all the 62~ hours i have on this game10000/10      would buy this game again
76561198194325485,Recommended,239140,22388695,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,HellFire,Best Zombie game ever :)
76561198020263938,Recommended,239140,19878709,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,NathanielSkyX,"Highly recommended.Not many glitches unless you look for them, story so far is great, voice acting is well delivered, combat system has great low, Parkour system is easy and comfortably executed.A Wonderful concept for a zombie apocalypse style game. The devs really knew how to take an oversaturated genre and deliver a fresh new perspective on zombie surival.Plays very similar to games like FARCRY mission wise, with a touch of parkour elements from Mirror's Edge. The game utilises a unique level up system that strengthens your character's ability to do combat, survival skills, and ability to use parkour to traverse the dangers of this middle eastern wasteland.Be The Zombie is an awesome free little expansion that came out that puts you in the shoes of a highly mutated infected. if your not killing zombies running for your dear life, you can assume the role of an alpha infected with unique abilities, that really adds to gameplay post-campaign. the gametype is set in a PVP arena, pegging you against other players. The role of the infected hunter really puts players in an enjoyably powerful position.All to say, i don't have many hours invested as of yet, but i highly look forward to future content."
,Recommended,239140,19886932,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kaijuice,Passing through zombies as if they were friendly neighbors during the day.Running around like mad during the night.
,Recommended,239140,19741723,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Larry,"Overall Score: 8/10ProsFluid parkour systemInteresting plotFun weaponsGrappling hook allows for crazy movementZombie AI is hilariousTons of content: side missions, challengesBe the Zombie mode is incredibly funConsBomber/Suicide zombies can sometimes appear around a corner and insta-killSome missions require you to search a large area for a small item, which is annoying.Lockpicking, while easy, is way too frequent, which gets tedious."
,Recommended,239140,18432919,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Yung Jake,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,239140,18279794,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ginger Monkey,"I have to tip my hat to the developers of this game.Normally a single player game of this sort will last 8-10 hours, when this one gave me a good 50.Great graphics and atmospheric sound with really good smooth movement made this a pleasure to play.My only gripes are with the unnecessary dream sequence and terrible final fight. Should have done better with those I think.The multi player I cant really comment on as I have been struggling to find games but the single player is truly great."
76561198020405402,Recommended,239140,18296764,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hammerstein,"An absolutely fantastic game.[GAMEPLAY]Looking back on Dead Island & Riptide, after playing this game, it seems like the developers really have learned from their experiences. Instead of picking a character already focused on one type of combat & upgrading from there, you are free to customise your character as you see fit, which can lead to creating a character that not only fits your play style, but will influence your strategy in surviving in the game world. The game rewards strategic thinking.It also rewards skill. The lockpicking from Skyrim is here, but without the unlockable character upgrades that can make it easier to open harder chests. It is simply down to your skill. Similiarly, gun-use does not require an unlockable upgrade, which if you play FPSs is hartily appreciated, as you don’t suck at guns for the first half of the game. What does upgrade is your bag, your free-running, your capability with hand-to-hand weapons - their use & their mantainance, your crafting & your health. You gain upgrade points by completing missions or helping random strangers you come across for SURVIVOR uprades, fighting for POWER upgrades & free-running for Agility upgrades, which can lead to you one-hitting zombies or sprinting along walls Prince of Persia style. And you are rewarded for combinations of jumps, landings, attacks & timing, which creates a REAL feeling of progression, as you see what is benefiting you.Every time you run into something that might get stale, you find the developers have dropped in new elements to keep things fresh. Every now & again you will run into a new type of zombie as the story progresses, which will force you to find new ways to fight them, or to focus on different upgrades or weapons to even the odds. Also, halfway through the game you gain access to a new district, akin to Shadow of Mordor but, unlike SoM, the area has changed so much that your approach to playing changes as well, requiring a slightly altered style of play; a fresh challange against which to pit the skills you honed in the last area.There is also the day/night cycle. You are rewarded a boost to XP for Agility & Power at night &, not only are certain enemies more powerful, but new faster, stronger & more durable enemies appear. Meaning you can sleep through the night OR you can choose to go and about trusting your agility to guide you through, or just wade in when your feel yourself strong enough. And crafted gadgets like firecrackers & flares (which ward off the big bads) make this actually do-able, when at first it seems like a mad prospect!The game is very well put together, providing well-balanced & varied enemies so that you cannot just climb up high or run really fast & expect to breeze through & avoid danger, you have to engage with it & REALLY play the game. Similiarly, if you don't want to play at night, you don't have to. But there are parts of the story where you are forced to act against your inclinations & embrace night running, presenting you with the hard opportunity to either just run, praying, or think about it strategically, should you ever be caught out again. (The camouflage ability came in really handy for me in those situations, which was a strategic choice I didn't have to make and, without it, I would have needed to play very differently to survive.)The free running mechanic is also extremely well-polished &, after a little while, you get a sense for what distances you can cross, what ledges you can make it to, & this also presents an interesting way to approach quests, since you can approach enemy camps from above as well as below. Finding your own way, via your own ingenuity is extremely satisfying.[GRAPHICS]The graphics for the game look brilliant. The faces for some characters could be better done & there is the occasional cloning of very minor npcs, but the regular, major & critical NPCs look well, individual & everything from weapons, to gore, to the city itself looks great. The atomsphere is very well done indeed: rain is wet, the world & you will be soaked. Get soaked at your vision will be compromised. It looks & feels exactly like it should. Also, the night is daaaaark, like it should be.(I ended up in a really nerve-wracking area & found myself telling the character to wipe his bleeping eyes already so I could see! All of it works to heighten the tension. Similarly, at one point he was exhausted and his breathing was loud & heavy, & I found myself worrying that the undead might actually hear it, since they react to all kinds of sounds in the world, which leads us to...)[SOUND]Thunder, water, rain, impact sounds, sloughing guts - it all sounds like it should, pulling you in. The undead also make different sounds, which will have you turning about looking for the extra dangerous one you just heard shriek as it spotted you. There are ambient sounds of distant fires, fighting, monster & human screams - when you are moving about through a dangerous area & someone (there are a number of different types) screams distantly ""HELP ME!"", or just cries out in terror, you hear it but the way it is generated leaves you wondering what direction it came from, giving the city a feeling of living terror that is constantly shifting and moving, and it fits superbly.The music too is fitting & some tracks are great to listen to. The menu music alone had me sitting listening for a few moments every time I loaded up the game to get me into the feel of it. I still listen to it after having completed the game.[STORY & CHARACTERS]The main characters, from the kid who you worry isn't old enough to take charge, to the guy who rallied the first survivors you meet, to the woman you run with (trying to avoid spoilers), and practically across the board, all have their own back stories & many have stories that have influenced the city in some way, you cross posters for some, & meet random survivors who have met or know of others. The stories are nuanced as well, & aren’t rammed down your throat, you get a sense of the person from your time with them & from what others say, which allows you to not only bond with the characters you like but also to fill in the pieces of their back story specifically left out because it isn't pertinent to what they are saying at the time, which feels more realistic.While there has been the occasional complaint about the main bad guy being something of a stereotype, his backstory (discovered in-game) reveals that he was a very different man up until a short while ago, and even when first the quarantine first arrived. But, now, he is exactly the type of person this crisis would create. Someone who's mind has shifted to see things differently, aiding his survival.And the story is strong enough, with both your own mission and the added element of the people you get to know and need to protect, that it keeps the momentum up. Regular breaks with new orders from your bosses outside the quarantine give you an actual moral tie to the game and the people you are either helping or putting in danger with your actions. And the fact that side missions tend to build on themselves, creating new issues that arise from other missions make it feel like a more vibrant and alive experience.[OVERALL]This is solid game that anticipates the lulls that exist in open world gameplay & actually addresses them to keep things fresh. It is fast, and rewarding and has just the right amount of everything to keep you playing. The peaks and troughs that exist in open world games are a shadow of what they were. The peaks are still there, but you don't feel like your are are wasting time with busy work until your next story mission. It is definitely one I would recommend. I'm already feeling its absence now that I've finished it."
,Recommended,239140,18289865,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,wrhje4rt5jk6r45k656k,"nice game, I'll wait for the second part, if it is"
,Recommended,239140,18390041,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,C00LIO,This game is amazing  10/10 it is full of action! and has a good story!
,Recommended,239140,18437841,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Muffin ☯,"Couldn't of been happier with how this came out. Everything you ever wanted from dead island and more. Play it with a friend and its an amazing game. It can get really difficult with one person so if you have a friend, go co-op.They also nailed the parkour pretty well"
,Recommended,239140,18435905,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Outeryou,Very cool game. Lost of action. I wish there more variety for scavaging but the game is cool over all.
76561198079812021,Recommended,239140,18426913,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Th3Aft3rBurn3r,"This game is super-fun to play! It has great graphics and great gameplay. Some tips of advice: 1) NEVER go out at night when you first start, head to the closest safe house immeditly. 2) Get the Dropkick ability as soon as you can, it is one of the most funneist things to do, especially when you drop kick them into a spiked fence. 3) Try to get the Korek Machete( look it up on Youtube) as fast as possible, it is a great weapon to begin with, you are gonna need 20 metal parts (theses are easy to get ( there is a farming strategy on Youtube, just look it up, It also gets you a ton of med packs which you are gonna need) and you are gonna need 10 alcohol which you can get by killing zombies ( which can be a b***h to kill, if you dont have very good weapons) or you can find it in cars or trunks. Trunks can have locks on them which go from no lock to hard, and police vans (which are very hard locks) will sometimes have guns or other weapons (There is another video on Youtube that'll show you how to never break a lockpick, Try to carry more than 5 just it case you mess up) I could go on and on about this game, Highly Recommend this game! Fun with friends too!"
76561197994154421,Recommended,239140,18277358,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fenix,"One of the coolest zombie games I've played to date.You will never get bored just killing zombies. Headshots, stomping their brains out, creating traps, NINJA STARS!, acid grenades, breaking necks, slicing and dicing, bashing heads in, chopping arms and legs off. Did I mention NINJA STARS! Straight up be a ninja.The story isn't the most complex, you won't find a Game of Thrones storyline but it is still a decent story that had me wanting to find out what happens at the end.This is the only game that has ever had me screaming and had adrenaline pumping out from a video game. Definitely recommend to all Zombie Genre fans out there!9.5/10 MUST HAVE!"
76561198110767187,Recommended,239140,18430358,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Fancyflying,"It's great, buy it."
,Recommended,239140,30562716,Posted: 16 March,all,Sh4nks,Parkour zombies. Jumped off a building and died instantly. :D
76561198157012922,Recommended,239140,18004159,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Wet Socks,this is the best zombie game ever
76561198054190793,Recommended,239140,15459200,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,The_Burbs,"This game is fun. That's really all there is to it. The combat is satisfying, the parkour is better than mirrors edge and the combination of the similarity to Far Cry and the parkour makes me wish Far Cry had implemented it first, but it didn't.  The story isn't the best but that's not why I play games. as long as it keeps the gameplay fun, I don't care. Get This Game."
76561198023936692,Recommended,239140,15460345,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ace.,"Dying Light is a very well made game, I love the gameplay especially co-op mode where we have more people doing the same mission on the same difficulty (e.g not same hostiles damage and health). The gameplay was awesome especially the parkour in a zombie game, makes more freedom to decide on our own form of survival and travelling.I would rate this game 9.5/10 in terms of gameplay and excitement.And 7/10 for storyline and characters"
76561198101655589,Recommended,239140,15464275,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,tariq,10/10best game zombie
,Recommended,239140,15359330,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MeteorToTheFace,This game expands on the concepts laid down by Dead Island.  It's a good beginner game because the controls are fluid and easy to master.  It's seriously fun to splat zombies.
,Recommended,239140,15340818,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Indiana Crohn's,Excellent game. The movement is like no other.
,Recommended,239140,15026645,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vue19EC|<,"You will invest a lot of time into this game.Story is good, char. development is also good.The action is the best.Zombies, weapons, jumping buildings to buildings, house to house.ENJOY!!!!!!******4/13/2015******I finally beat the game and I have to say that the cliff hanger is a perfect start for more expansions or DLC for the story of Dyling Light.Spoiler:Note to Dev, I just wish you guys did not kill Jade off this quick. I thought that you guys could of add in more story between Jade and Crane. He finally does something well =( just to get to her good side but... sadly she did not make it.I love how the char. have their own feelings and comes alive.Pros:ZOMBIESWeaponsParkourSo many zombies to kill. It is too fun to play at night time because there are more scarier creatures to fight.Weapons: lots to choose from. Also have good elements to add onto the weapons and have a blast slashing away.Parkour: What can I say, I have to say that the Parkour phys were on point. Big ups to the dev.Cons:StoryCo-opStory: I wish it was longer.Co-op: I felt that co-op was just a choice if you were bored. It wasn't like dead island where you do need co-op to advance."
76561198023098564,Not Recommended,239140,14294498,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Icipher,Started as a very fun Co-op Zombie slayer game but got boring very soon.Second half of the game is just uninspired and rushed.
,Recommended,239140,15191331,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gilean,"This game has been a pleasant surprise, much more fun than I expected.   If you're a Walking Dead fan, this is the closest you'll get to feeling like you're actually on that TV show.   The sense of danger is real, packs of zombies are never far behind.   And when you come across a particularly big pack in your path, better find another way around.   This isn't a game where you're going to be able to slash your way through like a superhero.   You won't make it.   And I'll admit, I haven't been brave enough yet to try going out at night.Graphics and sounds are great.   Creepy too, bottles clanging behind you will have you frantically turning around, looking for a zombie.   Screams and groans in the distance, add to the creep factor.I'm at a level now where stronger, faster types of zombies are starting to show up.   When you start out, it's nothing but slow shamblers that you can run past or climb away from if you don't want to take them on.   Now I've got some that can run, climb, and vomit puss bombs at me.    Kinda miss the slow shambler days.Anyway, great game if you're a fan of zombies and/or horror, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,239140,15193967,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Brantics,I mean I killed zombies in various ways and drop kicked has beens off the side of buildings.... 8/10
76561198090855802,Recommended,239140,15194321,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,zZSmokinGoodZz,Best Zombie game ive ever played
76561198054894548,Recommended,239140,15194833,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SeraphBoiii,you get fireworks and coffee 11/10 ignn plz
,Recommended,239140,15194861,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mispunt,"Overall a good though somewhat repetetive open world loot-em-up/zombie killfest.  Suffers from a wonky difficulty curve. It starts fine, but becomes progressively easier as repetition kicks in, in the final mission the difficulty spikes through the roof. Running around and killing zombies, however, remains great fun."
76561198058232548,Recommended,239140,15195703,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,JJamerson,Awsome game. Strongly recommended.
,Recommended,239140,14764327,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Rant,"Freaking zombies, parkour, crazy weapons, original story, insane characters, amazeball graphics, awesome fighting, varied questing, replayability.Buy it now. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,239140,15165696,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ast,"9.5/10 Probably one of the best zombie related games I have ever played. The only con I can think of is it doesn;t have the /best/ lip sync but it is definitely not bad. Everything else, the combat, the parkour, graphics, weapons, story... It's all great fun. It's been a while since I was able to justify a $60 game... This is worth every dollar. I'd recommend this to anyone."
76561198071243019,Recommended,239140,15165738,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,cincoecinco,muito bom!! recomendo.me convidem pra jogar cooperativo!
,Recommended,239140,15169042,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Aeka,"This game is amazing. I was looking forward to it ever since I heard about its development, and it didn't fail my expectations.Pros:-Best parkour system I have ever seen. It's like playing assassin's creed, but in first person. Who hasn't dreamed of that?-Decent storyline, though it has a strange ending that makes you wonder what will happen in the DLC.-Crafting requires you to hunt for decent resources.-Co-op integration to play with your friends.-Full perk system for your attacks, movements, and crafting.-Hard mode option to push your limits.-Zombies, big zombies, puking zombies, fast zombies, screaming zombies, and exploding zombies.-Complete change of gameplay once nighttime hits. ""The hunter becomes the hunted.""-Two large areas (and possibly more coming with DLC) that completely change how you use you parkour abilities.Cons:-You become overpowered at the end of the game. Hard mode fixed this issue.-Quests are a little repetitive. Most of them are ""Run here and do this (and most likely fight a mutated zombie before you get the item) then come back.""-Co-op can be a little buggy sometimes, but updates are fixing most of these problems.-Most people have faces that makes them all look like they come from the same family tree.-Theres a few ""fall out of the map"" glitches and such. I've done it twice so far, and my friend has done it once.-The Pyza suit is a bit glitchy with fall damage. Even though you only went maybe 10 feet, you could take 50 hp of fall damage from it. However, this item is an easter egg so it was never truly meant for common use.Overall, this was a great game, and the devs really put their heart and soul into it and take player feedback into consideration. I give Dying Light a 9/10 only because of bugs and such, but don't let that prevent you from buying this game!"
,Recommended,239140,15178414,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ZZZNZ,30 hours in and still cant get enoughbest game ive played in a long time
76561198030164261,Recommended,239140,16015226,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,typefiftysix,"Solid zombie smasher, Dead island with the addition of parkour and some other fun and games.7/10"
,Recommended,239140,16016088,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nick10doh,It has a generic story but the unique gameplay makes up for it.
,Recommended,239140,20546873,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JaCrispy,Struggled to get into this game. Not sure why as the mechanics and the noise of crushing zombie's skulls is very satisfying. Graphics look superb as does the landscape.Would recommened to anyone.
76561198155963719,Recommended,239140,20652126,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,allstarcenter21,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The story wasn't the best, but all the weapons, customization of weapond and parkouring everywhere made the game a blast to play. Can't wait for the dlc ""the following""!"
,Recommended,239140,20616780,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,布莱克尼格,I love this game holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is the best zombie game i've ever play in my life
,Recommended,239140,20615395,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,W A V E L E N G T H,One of the best zombie games I've ever played.
76561198097287466,Recommended,239140,20626116,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lyaku,the best game i played in 2015... thanks for this..
76561198033197180,Not Recommended,239140,20622973,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mars,dizziness is my only memory of this game.
76561198093620703,Recommended,239140,20621123,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,CO Train Wreck,if you like dead island i highly recommend this game.
76561198153794681,Recommended,239140,20624635,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,PieMayhem,"The game is Cool and fun I recomend it ,  there is a lot to do in the game and even if you get bored of missions, the parkour zomby killing will make you smile a lot :D"
76561198050286623,Recommended,239140,20625175,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Amlis,very fun zombie game. not to complicated. havent goten oard of it yet.
,Recommended,239140,20666110,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,r2micro373,This game is one of the best games to kick back and play I have in my steam library.
,Recommended,239140,20640444,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Badass Alien,"Simply put, ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!"
,Recommended,239140,20640902,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tantura,"This game has got Good Sights and Dangerous Nights.Its a Whole buncha fun, though if you wanna focus more on the story then i sorely recommend playing solo with night hunter invasions off."
,Recommended,239140,20640977,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Fred Hawken,best zombie game ever
,Recommended,239140,20642938,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Wheelie Nelson,"Dying Light easily in my Top 10 list games I've ever played.  I found myself immersed into the protagonist's role shortly after starting the game.  The story line is great and the world is fun to explore.  One thing I loved (that I feel isn't very common) is that the city has enough character so you can navigate around without having to keep an eye on the map the entire time.Scrambling to finish your mission, racing against the sun before it hits the horizon;  the fear instilled by night's arrival is awesome.  Such a great game!"
76561198004034546,Recommended,239140,20635033,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dr. King Schultz,Fast paced action along with beautiful graphics and a decent storyline. Recommended.
76561198075103477,Recommended,239140,20619620,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,mike stiplewitz,best zombie game so far
76561198186665093,Recommended,239140,20614616,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,honda84420,Very fun game with awesome graphics. Had crashing issues but found a driver(359.06) thats works properly. Plays very good with G3258@4.5ghz with msi gtx 760 (50-60fps).
,Recommended,239140,20614862,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,McTavishes,"This game is like if Mirror's Edge and Dead Island merged and also became good. The movement is awesome, fighting zombies is rewarding, and it's just the right level of tough, enough to get you to throw your controller sometimes but get back to playing quickly. It's also got an active and helpful community of players. Definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,239140,20611156,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Buuqueefious,"One of the best zombie games I've ever played. It has great movement and combat pace, and great optimized graphics. Dying light features 3 skill tree's for power, surviver, and agility. These three skill tree's are a big point in the game because when you start you are weak and really can't combat zombies. When you upgrade your agility you can climb and run faster do sliding moves, jump kicks, dodges and much more. Power allows you to perform assasinations, increase your health and special attacks. Surviver is traps, and other things that I cant recall right now. The game focuses on the parkour aspect of the game which is amazing. The parkour is fast and fluid and allows you to reach places that you couldn't dream of in normal zombie games. The story line isn't bad either. The story (without spoiling it) is about Kyle Crane a GRE agent sent to root out a rogue agent who has a classified file that the GRE doesn't want shown to the public. Overall its a great game with a good world size and a lot to do. 9/10"
76561198108111336,Recommended,239140,16722942,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dovahkiin,"My review:pros:great parkourfun gameplaytons of contentstunning visualssteam workshopcons:gunplay kinda suckswhen playing multiplayer, there aren't 4 different characters, its the same dude, but there are 4 different versions of him.I r8 7/8 gr8 b8 m8"
,Recommended,239140,18153167,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ARYA,love this game!
,Recommended,239140,18153248,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Varatex,"I beat this game, and it was definitely one of my top 3 favorite games of 2015."
76561198141744210,Recommended,239140,18153809,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Gochesse,its a great game i reccomend it to all it brings a new aspect to zombie games. however it borrows heavily from other games like mirrors edge and far cry that dosent mean its not a great game. i have spent hours just drop kicking zombies off of buildings. you dont get that attached to the characters they are all generic but just freeplaying is great.BUT ONE WARNING: THE BOZAK HOARD IS ONE OF THE HARDEST CHALLENGES I HAVE EVER TAKEN ON. if you buy that dlc prepare for many many fails and rage quits. the bozak horde in my perspective ruined the game for me.so in total i say you should get the game (on sale) but not the bozak dlcthanks for reading and i hope this helps your decision on weather or not to buy it
76561198091745674,Recommended,239140,18153826,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DRunner,Good game ever :) FPS
76561198055788150,Recommended,239140,18154293,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,a pretty decent guy,Very poorly optimized but still fun
76561198236264282,Recommended,239140,18156759,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jinayontagaza,This is one of the greatest zombie game i ever played.
76561198018549183,Recommended,239140,18154430,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Shinte,"The best zombie game period. everything you want.-Zombies lots and lots- amazing multiplayer, loads of fun with friends- challenging, specially at night.-you can upgrade and change everything in this gamethe list goes on for ever point is if you like zombies this is a must have."
,Recommended,239140,18154568,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Stealthy Meme,Its fun but after a while it gets boring
,Recommended,239140,18154864,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Missionário R.R. Soares,"If you like Mirror's Edge, open world freeroam and survival game, this will you please you.Loads of sidequests, easter eggs and content. Fun to play with friends, and has a really cool story.I rate 8/10 - could be better if the craft system was a little better, with variety.But I recommend."
,Recommended,239140,18154912,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,You #Day-Dre@m3r,Awesome
,Recommended,239140,18154914,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Windwhistle,Parkour + zambis = fun!
,Recommended,239140,18155545,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,PubgGruppenFuhrer,awesome Game
76561198118519066,Recommended,239140,18155702,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,GarySchnitzel,"Still the best, wish it had more fps for triple screem gaming"
,Recommended,239140,22003818,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[Z]Teemo,很好玩的游戏，大爱丧失，大爱末日题材。希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版，希望出中文版。谢谢
76561197992811446,Recommended,239140,18150694,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TakeOut,best I have played period.
,Recommended,239140,18150171,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,silab0b,you kill zombies with wrenches and stuff
76561198191333779,Recommended,239140,15514189,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Heathcliff,i ♥♥♥♥ing love dis game
,Recommended,239140,15517885,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,_LISITS_,Всегда представлял себе идеальное зомби-приключение именно таким. Самая лучшая игра. Для меня.
76561198047106398,Recommended,239140,15518001,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,kingby,"A lot of fun, the controls are easy to get to grips with and after half an hour youll be running around like a ninja, slashing zombies and bandits. The story is fine, it does the job and the finale is pretty good, but the real value is in the free-running and environments. I thouroughly recommend this game."
76561198078503215,Recommended,239140,15518793,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,DennizG,good game!
76561198070361358,Recommended,239140,15520393,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,XxDoubleCoNxX,"Amazing game, I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for a good game"
76561198151471033,Recommended,239140,15435910,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Alfred The Great,10/10
76561198203352512,Recommended,239140,15438177,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,AdvAnGam,How do I add developer tools?
76561198157616370,Recommended,239140,15439251,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,gunnar kyrkjebo,it's so good
76561197967542536,Recommended,239140,15439312,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Taheen(БЛЭТ),"Absolutely YES!!!!Great graphics, dynamic gameplay, interesting storyline, nice skill tree and perks.RECOMMEND!!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14405042,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Childish Dreams,IS this game FUN = YesIS this game worth 60$ = No.. if it included the DLC content then yes.Buy this on sale and you will love it. Buy it full price and you will not get your moneys worth since they should have added the DLC with that price.Compare this title to say GTAV or Skyrim and there is so much lacking. Big companies need to add much more content and playability to their games and step up to AA size sandboxes if they want to charge those prices.
,Recommended,239140,15441977,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,[FYT]Sizzler,Best Zombie game i've ever played!!
,Recommended,239140,15492802,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Guy_de_Siguro,"Has got to be one of the best, if not the best hack and slash story driven zombie apocalypse games ever made. Excellent game mechanics (fighting and movement), beautiful graphics and a captivating story all combined for an amazing experience."
76561198074250635,Recommended,239140,15494512,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Swuton,Zombies+freerunning= AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,239140,15497500,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Spark,BEST GAME EVA
76561197965060389,Recommended,239140,15497799,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Iro,"Fun and exciting Zombie game. If you enjoyed Dead Island, then this game is a must for you."
,Recommended,239140,15448107,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nettux443^,Highly recommended. Great fun.
76561198081294540,Recommended,239140,15449051,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,unit163,It is a really good and addictiv game with good animations and the story is just wonderfull. It is totally worth all the money.
76561198013900410,Recommended,239140,15459242,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nexperpectus,"A truly excellent game! I haven't been terrified by a game in a long time, but Dying Light did it. It clearly draws heavily from previous games (Far Cry, Left 4 Dead), but the game is challenging enough and scary enough that one doesn't really care.  You will not breeze through this game, and, if you have any imagination at all, you will be frightened."
76561197975177641,Recommended,239140,15469952,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Blood De\/1l,"Dying Light is really an awesome game.I enjoyed every hour I played, and I played over 100h!Highly recommend it if you like zombie games. And the parcour aspect is really making this ""not-just-another-zombie-game""!!"
76561197999738444,Recommended,239140,15470033,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,luktan,"You know, I really wanted to like this game. I fell in love with the short promo videos. It looked cool. It looked like fun.With much anticipation, I finally downloaded it and started to play and whilst I didn't experience any of the bug issues many complain of, I quickly got bored with it.Same thing being done over and over and over and over (you get the hint!).....Don't get me wrong, I loved the big open map- it was fun to explore at times, but the tasks and the combat just got repetitive. The weapons were useless and required so many upgrades and repairs, it just got tiring. The big disappointment for me though, unlike Dead Island, is you can't drive anywhere! How can a city full of vehicles not be driven anywhere at all?Is it a good zombie killer game? Sure.Do I recommend it? Compared to other zombie killer games, yes.Will you tire of it after a while? Dunno. I did, but maybe you're more into this type of thing than I am."
76561197985087535,Recommended,239140,15470069,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,blackcross,Best zombie game: wide open world: city/town/shore. Decent implementation of Parkor as well. Lotsa fun and pretty immersive.
76561198073314567,Recommended,239140,15470073,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Morty Smith,"Great story, lots of fun! Lots of side story to play after the main story. Really exciting"
,Recommended,239140,15470219,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,rpwalle,"Awesome game with great movement and weapon physics. One of the top 5 FPS games. The story is great and the missions keep you interested. Wish it ended better! I keep going back and playing just for the sheer enjoyment of the game. Weapon modification system and trading process and upgrades approach is stellar. Wish there was a ""R-rated"" version to get some more adult content, costumes and themes. All games seem to be made for 12 year olds however. But I give this game a 9.5."
76561197977173110,Recommended,239140,15470404,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ones,"Fun to roam. Some cool fighting techniques, great graphics and atmosphere. Need more bosses and varied zombies. Worst ending in a game award. I would wait till it is on sale."
76561197989451294,Recommended,239140,15470436,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Binary Solo,"This is the most fun I've had playing a game, hands down. Even better than Dead Space, Bio Shock, and Borderlands. Cause zombies. And free running. And a big, open world.And zombies."
76561198139083068,Recommended,239140,15471104,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,peter3113,very repetive must have grappling hook heaps of fun ace donor
,Recommended,239140,15471890,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,kats,One of THE best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,239140,15471955,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The Fake Canadian,fo shizzle ma nizzle!
76561198079453748,Recommended,239140,15472006,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Let's get shwifty,"Two words, great game. At first I was a little skeptical about how this game would be but I underestimated it.Pros:-Stuning Graphics-Smooth Gameplay(with a good pc)-Easy to play controls-Fun combat-Awesome freerunning-Different take on a zombie apocolypse-Nice leveling systemCons:-It's a little repetitive-Some cliche moments-Could have some more types of gunsAll in all, with little faults this game has, I would definitely recommend it for anyone who was a fan of Dead Island or just likes zombie games in general."
76561198024476916,Recommended,239140,15472148,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,IronBack,Great game shame the ending was rushed like that tho.
,Recommended,239140,15472413,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,fishgeekted,"Hulluva lotta' fun.  I was too scared to travel at night for a long, long time..."
76561197965856292,Recommended,239140,15472906,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,LTDave,Great Game.    Fun to play.    Working with building maps now.
76561198147096443,Recommended,239140,15473289,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Valent,this is a good game come join now guys
,Recommended,239140,15473892,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Merkavar,Sooooooo many side quests.So far so good. Only have a few hours under my belt.
,Recommended,239140,15474085,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jaffa1,"I love this game. First i would like to say this game is a continous cycle of Parkour, Killing zombies and doing missions then sleep, repeat the cycle.The gameplay was quite laggy and my frames qere quite terrible so i found myself usually rusty when i move the camera around.Overall this game has got me quite into the storyline and i would recommend this game to anyone who likes killing zombies and exploring the map. There are many secrets in the map like the EXPcalibur which is a ultimate sword which can usually one shot zombies. I LOVE the multiplayer too as being the zombie is really hard but fun."
,Recommended,239140,15557272,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Carrot,Apart from finding the initial keyboard bindings not exactly intuitive the first couple of hours is fairly fun.
,Recommended,239140,15558617,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Khro_,"I played this game diffrently from alot of people, I played it Co-op with a friend from the moment I could. All my hours in the game have been awesome, though the story is mediocre at best, the mechanics make up for it. If youre not playing this game Co-op youre doing it wrong :PBut in all seriousness, this is one of the best open world games ive played, as well as one of the best zombie/survival games. The mods coming out will probably force a full re-play to me, but I think its a good idea for everyone to wait for the mod they want, not just whatever mod seems kind of good. Overall 7/10 Solo, 9/10 Co-op. Without a good story a 10/10 wont happen."
76561198008388774,Recommended,239140,15558763,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,sapperlrs,Excellent zombie game!  Impatiently waiting for add-ons!
,Recommended,239140,18697800,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kazumm,"One of the best survival games of the past couple years. Brings open world quests, events, and combat, with absolutely breathtaking visuals, very good Zombie AI and variance, Parkour and blends it all together very nicely.9/10"
,Recommended,239140,18689796,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HDshotz,"In two words....Great game! If you are a fan of open world, lots of looting, crafting weapons, and ZOMBIES....then this is the game for you! The game has plenty of content to offer several hours of great fun. The game isn't extremely hard but definitely isn't easy as your progress (on normal). Once you start playing in the open world,  you'll most likely find it hard to put down. The only thing I wish they included was a  ""Save Game"" option at any time. Luckily though, any loot you find is automatically saved so I guess that's good enough. But trust me, get this game and you won't be disappointed if you like the 4 things i mentioned. Well, enough reviewing, back to smashing zombies!"
76561198052788918,Recommended,239140,18485489,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Savage10153,Great game this is a must buy. Hours of fun with co-op or single player.
,Not Recommended,239140,18475991,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,mordaunt,"With all the fancy-dancy parkour prancy your char cannot hang off the ledges and climb DOWN the obstacles. I even googled if anyone had the same experience, that's how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it felt.When the veil of wow-effect falls off, there's nothing but boredom left."
76561198100053684,Recommended,239140,30563994,Posted: 16 March,all,Frosty,"Despite the hours it shows, i have easily played 150+ hours offline. It is a good game that you can do over and over. The DLC it also good as it adds a new storyline and location with new features and upgrades."
76561198032785860,Recommended,239140,18514539,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dreath,You can dropkick zombies off of roofs and into spikes. 9/10
76561197984151831,Recommended,239140,18515961,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Metacide,"This game kills me, a lot (mostly from falling).  It's also completely addicting.  I might sit down to play one or two ""real quick"" missions and then realize 5 hours have passed.  Definitely play it when you have time to get immersed in the game.The day/night cycle adds a bit of tension to the game as early on you scramble to find a safe haven for the night then later you learn how to survive the night out in the volatile areas.  You, the player, learn how to do this.  That's pretty fantastic.I haven't made use of the traps or bombs much yet but they seem like they could be fun too."
76561198077193069,Recommended,239140,18497117,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Totinos Boy,If you liked dead island this game is like a very polished version of those games. I have throughly enjoyed this game so far. If you have problems with the game lagging on the cut scenes it's because of the nvidia depth of field option. Turn that off and it only lags every once and a while. A few bugs still but overall a super fun game!
,Recommended,239140,18638125,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fool Jester [ITA],Running fast between slow zombies.Like me in metro station all mornings.
,Recommended,239140,18447789,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,lihuyt,"Dying Light is a very satisfying game in many aspects, but especially when it comes to movement/parkour and a great balance between scary and fun.If you want a good combination between just cause, battlefield and left 4 dead, then Dying Light is a great game for you."
76561198132213444,Recommended,239140,18447803,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Khentimentu.The.Scourge,"Simply amazing. Perhaps one of the best zombie survival games I have ever had the pleasure to play. Intense gameplay, it's not easy. If you're saying it is, go on hard mode and just try and survive a night with just guns, without hiding. Well worth the money I paid. The season pass was definitely worth it as well! Tons and tons of content for a relatively inexpensive price. If you're hesitant, try the free demo."
76561198002559304,Recommended,239140,18625571,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Yul,Awsome game in every way.
76561198139466385,Recommended,239140,18761840,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DiziHD,good game like it
76561198027613833,Recommended,239140,18756321,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,|JTF| I see dead people,"Was out in the slums in the morning, having a blast killing zombies when *BOOM* instant night time because of random coop player joins.10/10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked again."
,Recommended,239140,18737802,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TrippyDaze,"This is what Dead Island should have been.I got it on Steam sale, but would happily buy it at full price.Good night, Good luck."
76561198116824310,Recommended,239140,18748684,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,TimeReaper,On adrenaline from start to end
76561198052657128,Not Recommended,239140,18806528,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Blockishfox,"OMG....Dead Island on Steroids, Parkour, Zombies, FAST ZOMBIES!, CO-OP, and....wait I cant even play it. I'm not sure if it's this game or Windows 10, but ever other game I own plays fine. I would say this is a great game from what I have played but my actual play thru either becomes corrupt, glitches, or stops working in the middle of playing all together. This will be my 3rd time reinstalling this game in hopes of playing a smooth campaign/co-op. I really hope im just having bad luck becasue this is the game ive been waiting for for a while.From what I have played it is really intense, especially the first time your out at night, but thats about as far as I got....."
76561198036657265,Recommended,239140,18813085,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jambie,"This is one of my favourite games. Runs nicely for me now on ubuntu, stable...all good! Recommended."
,Recommended,239140,18808463,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Johnny Sevigne,"This is one of the best games I have every played. Gripping story, intense gameplay, brutal zombie attacks, and just the right amount of horror action to keep your anxiety high at 1AM."
,Recommended,239140,18820609,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,hal0000,Walking Dead Simulator 2015
76561198330850384,Recommended,239140,30487168,Posted: 13 March,all,wardog!!!,this game is perfect xD
76561198014241169,Recommended,239140,30486234,Posted: 13 March,all,Malecasa,"It is a very cool game. The elements of solo gameplay and online mates that can assist with your missions is awesome! The excitement you can experience is astonishing, especially during the night with coop or multiplay. Graphics are beautiful and performance is good or even ok on high resolutions(5K). One downside: At 87% of the game it hangs if you are on MAC OSX!"
76561198283203489,Recommended,239140,30498102,Posted: 13 March,all,czar2456,"Was a fan of Dead Island so I thought I would give this game a chance.  Boy, was I not disappointed.  This game is 10x better than Dead Island.  The graphics, interation, and the storyline was far better.  The game length is great.  Everytime I thought I was at the end it just kept going.  I definitely recommend this game for anyone looking for a great zombie game!"
,Recommended,239140,15230252,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,disbkoolin,AWESOME GAME!!! super excitement and fun and best of all THRILLING.  keeps you at the edge of your seat!
,Recommended,239140,14788252,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,clonejoe,"Hard to put down.I was very skeptical going into this game as I knew there were tons of performance issues. I waited till patch 1.4 to even consider buying the game and I'm glad that I did. Now that high end AMD GPU's can run the game decently I have to say it is well worth the $60 asking price. I've only had the game for less than a day and it's been consuming all my free time. I absolutley love it. I rarely have this much fun when I play a new game and I've been needing a game like this. It's cheesy and unrealistic, but I'm pretty sure everyone expects that. It's a fantastic open world game that keeps you quick on your feet so that you don't get bored. The Original Dead Island was soooooo boring. Dying Light is luckily the polar opposite. Really Impressed with Techland on this one. I highly reccomend this to anyone who needs their fix of open world RPG style objective gameplay. Also the drop kicks are hilarious. Make sure to unlock drop kicks as soon as you can."
76561198026795132,Recommended,239140,14789683,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Fox,"If you played the dead island games and liked them, you are probably gonne love this game too. The combatsystem is very alike.The biggest difference is the mobility of your character (running and jumping from rooftop to rooftop) and the day and night switching (hunting and hunted), which give this game nice extra dimensions.The storyline is 'ok'. I'm playing this game for the side missions and the free roaming.A real relieve: i don't get motion sickness from playing this game (was a big issue in dead island games)."
,Recommended,239140,14883329,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,theOrange,"This is a great game.  Captures the play style you really want in a game.  Open, with enough structure to make it work.  Lots of 'oh $hit!' moments!  I played Dead Island and found it to be close to what I wanted, Dying Light is dead on!Great game!"
76561198161814831,Recommended,239140,14484170,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,hunterfluharty,This game is easily the best game this year as of March 14th. The gameplay is phenomenal. The story is so so but the side quests make up for it. a solid 30 hour game and worth 60 bucks where as a lot of games aren't. i highly recomend this game. possibly my second favorite game next to fallout 3.   9/10
76561198060658600,Recommended,239140,14888580,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,WetBread,"This is such a good game and is a lot of fun, well worth buying, although some aspects of the parkor and fighting are a little hard to pick up it is overly easy to learn. although this is a full game they are still adding content and improving the whole game."
,Recommended,239140,14888617,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,randan.fox,Can Someone fix the god damn game already so everything isn't invisible its starting to get on my nerves
,Recommended,239140,14889180,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Cinder,I dont normally play games like this but by god i was blown away. The graphics are stunning the story is great and the gameplay is smooth.
76561198005228910,Recommended,239140,14873701,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,bfennern,"This Game ROCKS!!! cant seem o put it down! the best all rap up in one ,Never a Dull Moment or a non suprise wateing arown a corner for you thats for sure , A must to bye!!!"
76561198056177427,Recommended,239140,14873986,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr.Poopybutthole,"If you like Dead Island, get this game. If you didnt like Dead Island, get this game. Game has been fun. Killing zombies is always fun. The weapons are awesome, The parkour changes the game up. Developers even added new weapons via an update, which by todays standard of DLC to get more money out of you , is pretty awesome."
76561198044179615,Recommended,239140,14874125,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Boner Copter,"Lots of fun with friends, good coop, slight issue with optimization, but that's being gradually fixed."
76561198146934180,Recommended,239140,14875649,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,6-Digit-IQ,"First lesson failing, then climbing, and then running, and then repeat"
76561197993266879,Recommended,239140,14877268,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,THE DUTCHMAN,"This is by far the greatest zombie game I've ever played and I've played a lot of games, believe me. While the story may seem as if you had seen it in other games and movies and lack any response to your action (you have to influence over the choises the hero makes), the game is still very enjoyable. Now with the hard mode introduced it has become even more thrilling and challenging. So if you're into zombies and open world games and are looking for a new decent title, Dying Light is your choice."
,Recommended,239140,14877451,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,flyer,omg!! bows!! booows!!! techland ur best pc gamedevs! ty for your generosity!
,Recommended,239140,14878366,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,D.J.Rim,"Enjoyable in Multiplayer.If there are more explosives, the game will be more fun."
76561198014404706,Recommended,239140,14879478,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,protoKol,"Love the game, cant get enough of it. its like mirrors edge, assassins creed meets GTA or saints row. coop play makes it twice as fun. since it was released a few months before writing this review it still has some bugs to work out.The one thing i disliked about the game was the ability to grind out your character so quickly. i spent the first 20 or so hours going around killing zombies and exploring in the slums and before i knew it, i was fairly overleveled for the area, dont be fooled though, it can still be a challenging game even when overleveled.the new hard mode is how i felt the game should have been made to begin with. i remade my level 17 to play it again in hard mode. although when presented in the last patch it lacked some polish"
,Not Recommended,239140,14891366,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bush_Wookie,"Nothing special, the words i use to describe this game, The combat system isn't bad, but in a game with multiple players in it became a bit clunky, expecially in a enclosed space with many zombies. The parkour system is the bit thing with this game and does work well, (untill the moment your frames per second fall through the floor with a anvil attached to it) and you end up falling many floors untill you end up on the pavement like a pancake with zombies about to make a meal out of your brains. In my experience overall my frames were not very good and changing the view distance did nothing to help my frames, and that is just basic gameplay, don't even get me started in building interiors or arena's. I run an pretty good system with decent specs and managed just about 60 frames but with periodic frame drops as descibed above. The player 'Night hunter' ended up to be more annoying then challenging, upon hitting the level cap, and with a buddy the player night hunter has no chance of winning. The game does have future promise with enough of the DLC's and many features of the game are very good and do work well but i was fairly underwhelmed by the game as a whole and i won't be one of the people handing over the money for any future content. The story is good, right untill the game slaps you in the face by leaving the game on a huge cliffhanger and is too linear (everyone you meet, dies and the players choice is defined by the players love interest dying). I would only purchase again in a sale."
76561198068701684,Recommended,239140,14892577,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,p.quinn420,"This is an absoloutely incredible game, best of this year so far and of last year. Similar to Dead Island in a lot of ways, but better in all. The free-running is some of the funnest, and easiest to control I  have come accross in a game. It's an almost non-stop heart-pounding adrenline rush. FPS, RPG, sandbox, zombies, parkour, online, what more can you want."
76561198141929508,Recommended,239140,14893855,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Yursa,"Where to start, this game rocks! for just playing for a little bit of time now, this game gets your heart pounding. With pretty good visuals and post processing effects, I'd easily be able to tell this game is new and had a ton of hard work put into it. For me I love the fact you have to go around the city and find materials to accually build stuff instead of finding a hundered guns in a room loaded and ready to fire. The game offers lots of side quests and a well developed long story. Nothing to the length of a Elder Scolls game, but enough to the point of where you feel you've killed a million fresh eating zombies by then. While I love the game in just about everyway, the one thing I don't like is the games performence. With a GTX 760, i'm a bit disapointed that I can't even play this game maxed out at 1080p. So therefore I decided to put the settings that their so called ""Balanced Settings"" which only improved framerates maybe by 10 max. But if you are looking for a game that will scare the living life out of you once it gets night time in the game with creppy enemies, this game will suit your needs. Good Night, Good Luck."
76561198121324338,Recommended,239140,14703678,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Spartanavatar,Great Game I have played many different type of games but the ability in this to have a completly open map and move over the enviroment is actually fun! I love the day and night differences so it mixes it up and doesn't feel stale and landscape looks better than Far Cry. I havn't played multi player much at this point but from the little I've done it seemed good. The single player alone is amazing I give this game 5 Stars! First game in a while I actually feel like 100%ing it. I will most likely play thru this again once I complete everything the first time through to try a different approach!
76561198010057387,Recommended,239140,14705163,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,furiousXcupcake,"Have been looking for a good fps zombie game for almost 6 month and decided this game is it. In game, graphics is beautiful. However, if you are prone to motion sickness, you should try to watch the walk through in youtube. I had really bad  motion sickness 5 minutes into game play and i can play l4d / cs for hours without a proble. A tip is max your ""field of view"" under ""game option"" to max. Other than that, play with your game and video settings to improve game play and decrease motion sickness."
,Recommended,239140,14705454,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,jamvng,"Mirror's Edge + Far Cry 4 + Zombies. This was an unexpectedly fun game. Parkour in this game is really satisfying. Killing zombies can get repetitive eventually, but jumping around and climbing everywhere never does. The story is cliched, but there is plenty to do in this open world game that is a joy to traverse."
,Recommended,239140,14705742,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ignacio BellGrande,"Bought mainly because it was a big title game released with Linux support. Bought full price and I hope other linux users are buying the game. It runs really great in ubuntu, No graphical issues or anything with all video stuff set to its highest. The game has lasted me a long time already and i'm not done yet. There is a ton to do in the game and the running and combat systems are great."
76561198125843936,Recommended,239140,14705748,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Fuzzy Little Man Peach,"This was a great game with a story that actually kept you interseted, unlike dead island games. this game has beautiful graphics and would influence anyone to play it. The only problem i had was the frame rates were buggy and could never run my game smoothly. but i just turned down thegraphics a little and it was fine. 9/10 #swag"
76561197999597024,Recommended,239140,14706516,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,paksas,"Techland took the best of the Far Cry and the Assassin's Creed series, and made it into an even better game.The gameplay in this game sets the new standards of how a fast paced action game should be built.The visuals are astounding, same goes for the audio.10/10 - it's an absolute must for anyone who enjoys open world experiences."
,Recommended,239140,14218965,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,lolㅋㅋ,"Do you love a zombies, parkour, survival or something like that? Yes? So...buy it! Good Night&Good Luck :)  (+Don't forget check a system requirements)"
,Not Recommended,239140,14708610,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Bapester,Laggy af
,Recommended,239140,14710472,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tasty Duck,"Super generic story but virtually flawless gameplay that feels fresh yet familiar. Days are great for doing side quests, scavenging and kicking zombie♥♥♥♥♥but nights are what makes this game intense as adrenaline fueled chases and sneaking thorough the Volatile filled streets of Harran will leave you on the edge of your seat (or in my case freaking out over skype as I desperately rush to the nearest safe-zone). Best played in co-op mode and making full use of night hunter mode and co-operative side quests and challenges."
,Recommended,239140,14711869,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cisien,"Without going into too much detail, and potentially spoiling the game; I think it was a great game. The story is one of the better that I've see come out of a modern game, in just about any genre. I am, however, very disapointed with the final quest. The combat system used for this fight is not found anywhere else in the game. The hardest part of this fight was simply getting there. The fight its self was bland, and relied solely on me hitting one of 5 keys at the right moment. They could of done better."
76561198018285415,Not Recommended,239140,14712016,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,grecko,Seems like a great game but it crashes constantly. I'll advise anyone to wait and see if the devs fix all the bugs
,Recommended,239140,14712321,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mikuri,"I hate scary games. I hate when monsters chase after you. But hey, this game, is amazing! I've played with my girlfriend in co-op and it was awesome. We jumped, screamed and feared like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lots of times. It was hard by moment, but when you grind a little your survivor level, you can finally get some decent weapon.Some sounds might get repetitive, but that's a little ""cons"" because the atmosphere is awesome. You will die during the night, that's for sure! Solo, the game might be hard a little and not as fun. If you can, get yourself a partner or 3. The game is way more fun the more you are (max of 4).In the end, I recommand this game, the full game will take me 40 hours or so to complete every quests and you can add 10 more for hidden objects to find. The price is kinda high, so when it's on sale or anything, it's a must buy!"
,Recommended,239140,14700172,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,GoonSquad,AMAZING
76561198207761732,Recommended,239140,14683404,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GaGe,Awesome game i LOVE it
76561197967685925,Recommended,239140,14683434,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,PaperBag,Epic
,Recommended,239140,14683864,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tee The GraveWalker,you can kick zombies to death.... :D
76561198096318473,Recommended,239140,14688129,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,xXDRIFTERXx,Amazing!
,Not Recommended,239140,15277112,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MastrPancake,Not a bad game just not enought to do. you can beat the story in a day in after that gameplay it pretty dead. Doesnt deserver $60 price tag.
76561198162209154,Recommended,239140,15285362,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Andrei,good game
76561197975553094,Recommended,239140,15148825,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ultanemesis,Such a fantastic game. It's exactly as everyone says... Dead Island meets Mirrors Edge where guns are actually useful!
76561198079334800,Recommended,239140,14290363,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,tom9729,"Plays well on my hardware with Windows 8.1; does not work on Linux if you are using AMD graphics (despite being ""supported"").Phenom 965beRadeon 68708gb ddr31680x1050Edit: 50% through the game now. The story is good so far. Guns are very easy to come by and ammo can be bought in shops for cheap. Game gets really good once you start to unlock the higher level parkour skills and you get a grappling hook."
76561198140293754,Recommended,239140,15158359,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jaha,"Its a Mix of Dead Island, and the Far Cry series.  This game has a Great Storyline (So far) and countinues to impress me with its Graphics.10/10 Would play again."
76561198138305429,Recommended,239140,15161516,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,i order you to,"ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? THIS IS THE BEST GAME FROM TECHLAND IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!! ♥♥♥♥ THE ""NOT RECOMMENDED"" REVIEWS! ALL HAIL THE DYING LIGHT!      ...*AND THE NIGHT HUNTERS AND VOLATILES*..."
,Recommended,239140,15163358,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Quadrider10,"I have waited over a year for this game, and I'm glad I did! This is such an amazing game with a great story line! There is so much more potiential fot this game as well!The only thing I wish is that it had more controls over graphics,"
76561198036101192,Recommended,239140,15212418,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Steve Hughes,I loved this game a lot. It offers so much for generations to come. The thing i liked most about this was the fact that this is somewhat parkour baced. I would rate this game 10/10 if only for the parkour.
76561198065510503,Recommended,239140,15197023,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,aniki,"I am a ninja,I am also Japanese,I Throw exploding shurikenmy ancestors are proud of me."
,Recommended,239140,15197929,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,KoalaNalle,Best parkour-zombie melee-smasher there is.
,Recommended,239140,15187726,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,InfinityOverkill,"Great game with a lot of stuff to do, really fun to play with friends. A must buy.-They will soon be adding free dlc to inclue vehicles and more weapons."
76561198063622187,Recommended,239140,15187770,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,babaZorica,"Dying Light is currently in my top 3 games ever!, followed by Bioshock and Titan Quest"
,Not Recommended,239140,15188056,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bigbadvoodoodady_1,"*Beyond the constant crashes I started receiving... THE GAME-Meh, its ok, sure the gfx are great, and the gameplay of hopping from building to building is good, but weapons are limited to just a few... not much variaty in killing zombies, and the story is bland.Could have saved my money...."
,Recommended,239140,14445671,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jacobtw27,"So basically the moment I started playing this game I never wanted to turn it off. I bought this game just over a week ago and have logged a decent amount of hours already while working a full time job...I wasn't expecting anything spectacular for the story. I thought it would be just an open world hack 'n' slash. While some of it was a bit predictable, other parts definitely had me guessing.The graphics are beautiful. I had the pleasure of running this game at 1440p all the way through and I took numerous pictures in game because the scenery just blew me away.Now that I have beat the story I plan to go finish all the side missions.As for the weapons in the game... The developers were smart to make ranged weapons less common in the beginning of the game. The moment I walked up to my first zombie and just started bashing its brains in with my wooden plank really made me want more. Having guns later on is definitely fun though, I was hoping for a second type of shotgun. I definitely would like to see more types of weapons later on though.The weapon modifications was simple and beautiful. I just loved being able to run into a crowd of zombies and be able to decapitate them all with my short sword or katana.The free-running in this game was surprisingly smooth. At some points it would act a little funny but it was really impressive the scope of things you could climb.If I had to rate this game I would give it a 9/10. Highly recommend this game!"
76561198112183628,Recommended,239140,14448323,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Justincredible004,Stood on top of safe zone fence where I was actually considered out of safe zone. Watched horde of zombies impale themselves into spikes at base of fence.10/10
76561198003824940,Recommended,239140,14451403,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ZowCRAzyCaTo,bra  spel!
76561198069054890,Recommended,239140,14451419,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dpfuckboy7,I kicked a zombie in the♥♥♥♥♥and her head exploded. i like it.
76561198105777534,Recommended,239140,14452033,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,"Dying Light is a great game when it comes to gameplay although lacks effort and creativity in the story, I will make this as simple as possible with a pros and cons list and my feelings about it.pros:Amazing parkourHuge Open WorldExtremely detailedRealistic and fun combat (beggining of the game you will have a hard time)Special Zombies (should have added more although I'm fine with it)DROP KICKINGDetailed skills systemGood leveling systemLots of side quests (not nearly as much as skyrim although more than most games)Day-Night systemCo-op (really fun to play with friends)WHEN IS KILLING ZOMBIES NOT FUNGood crafting systemLots of MELEE weaponsCons:Occasional frame drop when zombie grabs you (I have a very good computer and it happens)Painfully predictable story (although for a zombie game it is better than most)Terrible ending that just makes you say WHAT THE F&*%Small arsenal of guns (should have added more maybe in update or dlc)Main antagonist is a wanna be VaasNever misses a clicheMain character should have and could have shown more emotion or opinion about a matterThe beggining of the story is hysterical how a trained soldier manages to get beat up by 3 thugs (he had a motherf&%$%$ gun and was very reluctant to shoot it although he could have been scared in taking the life of a human being no matter how jerky)Final Verdict: All and All this is a very good game, gameplay wise 9.5/10 games should follow in it's image(gameplay wise), although its story is a 5.2/10 due to all the cliches and the ending (and not really any characters with a good backstory or good emotions) DON'T BUY if into story if your into zombie survival story get The Walking Dead very good game if your into gameplay get this game"
,Recommended,239140,14452336,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,colegamer720,"this game is good but needs some updates to fix the frame rate. for me, it took a lot of messing around with the settings but after i turn off the ambiant. i had a steady fps throughout the game. somepeople may be the view distance. but overall this game is great 9/10"
76561198023588258,Recommended,239140,14452623,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Xeno,A good game.  Looks great and is fun to play.  Beautiful graphics and solid game play.  My only compliant is the scarcity of guns.  I realize that this is a feature not a bug but melee combat gets repetitive after a while when it is your only option.
,Not Recommended,239140,14583996,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Hentacle_Tentai,"For the love of GabeN buy this game for a console not a PC,having loved the anticipation of getting this game i was very disapointed by how often this game Lag even with an amazing PC maybe im frutrated by the lag or by audio file lag or because i sold my CS:GO knife to get it"
,Recommended,239140,14649585,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Leaf,Great game with awesome visuals. This one of those rare games where the actual game play is cooler then the trailers.
76561197961088909,Recommended,239140,14650648,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Intrepid,"Dead Island + Mirrors Edge, but 100x better."
76561198071033208,Recommended,239140,30604243,Posted: 18 March,all,Deerlobe,"Dying Light is a really really good gameThe combat feels fluid, the movement feels fluid, this game is basically more fluid than melted water.The weapons are awesome, this game forces improvision so there is no ""best weapon"" you can use the entire game.It's very fun with friends (Never had any problems)There is lots of content, plenty to explore and do.I think Dying Light is a must have in anybodies Steam library, it never gets bad."
,Recommended,239140,19101780,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jacknurse,The villain was♥♥♥♥♥♥ The ending was♥♥♥♥♥♥The game was good though.
76561197960503146,Recommended,239140,19106152,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Accelerator,"Loads of fun, but then I enjoy zombie storylines. The world generation is very good, and I like the item progression as well. The only big negative for me really were some of the side quests, the main storyline was engaging but some of the side quests seemed like a bit of a joke and took away from the immersion. I'm also afraid of heights so jumping between ledges was more frightening sometimes than even the zombies, if you're afraid of heights like me you might think twice about buying this one. But for zombie enthusiasts it's probably a must buy."
,Recommended,239140,19098879,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jay Owen,dank
,Recommended,239140,19102968,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bronco Grotesque,"Really fun gameplay, terrible story and characters. There are some annoying bad-video-game tropes that they force on you that were really disappointing and ruined the experience (ie slow walking dream/hallucination sequence, time-wasting and frustrating tower climbing, run-for-your-life set pieces, quicktime final boss fight, etc). However, the other 90% of the game is fantastic fun."
76561198132462455,Recommended,239140,19120722,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,BuFF,"This is the best game game i have played! The physichs are good, the graphics are wonderful and the story was AWSOME.If you are considering to purchase this game, I suggest you do it.I played it co-op with a friend and we finished the game together!We have finished the story and now we only have the side quests and the DLC left, we still have 57% left so we have alot of hours ahead of us!PS: the best part was the COFFE, COFFE Everywhere :D10/10"
,Recommended,239140,18953205,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,"Alright, Alright, Alright.","Fantastic Game, very fast paced, great action, tight controls"
,Recommended,239140,18981963,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,mcdonajo,"I saw this game and had to have it... but not for $60, way too much I thought. So I waited.. then it came on sale for half price over Halloween - now for that price, yeah!When starting it up I was impressed by the acting and dialog and I felt (like the character) helpless to do anything except stagger around.After I started the game the combat was clunky, I died a few times, couldn't run very long, and to b honest, wasn't very impressed at the implementation and felt at the mercy of the missions.  I was thinking ""maybe this game isn't for me"" but I decided to put in a few more hours since I'd already paid for it.I'm glad I did! After leveling up a bit and extending my runs, getting the hang of combat and how to manuever around the city, this game has turned into a blast!It's open world is similar to fallout or skyrim with random encounters, side missions and a lot to explore - except this world has a lot more character I feel.  You feel in tune with your character, a decent number of side missions aren't fetchy quest ones and the controls feel good.  Now, the combat is still a bit clunky but now it seems more like a mechanic so I have to plan my attacks a bit more than before, still I feel this is a weak point in an otherwise amazing game.  If I'd known then what I know now, full price would definitely be worth it, as it is, I think I got an awesome game for an awesome price!"
,Recommended,239140,18981968,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Cranioman,"I'm a big single player - narrative fan.This game has a compelling story, and let you have fun while mashing trought hordes of zombies!A little mix of Far Cry + Zombies + Just Cause (just a little lol).Strongly Recommend it!"
76561198176360089,Recommended,239140,14713739,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SHARKGAMING85,the game is fun
,Recommended,239140,14724455,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Lil Mavvericc,"You can jump onto trash piles, this is definitely game of the year, 10/10 - IGNOn a serious note this is hands down the best Zombie game of any type that I've ever played. It's the best game I bought since GTA 5.Serious 10/10."
76561198129788255,Recommended,239140,14725591,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,GINGDESTROYER,"Very good game when you level up your player, at first it is a slow game and you do not get good loot but as you level up it gets better and better,In short very good game but slow at first."
76561198063842300,Recommended,239140,14726548,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SassyFox,it crashes sometimes but i beleive they are fixxing it . iut is a fun game i quite enjoy the game play of it
,Recommended,239140,14726676,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,M|A|N|K,"Honestly, the game is fileld with heart-racing action because no matter how good you think you are, its never going to be good enough until you unlock infinite combat stamina, and even then you get fricked.Falling into garbage with zombies/10"
76561197993260722,Recommended,239140,14727647,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Innocent,"This game is a blast.  it starts out a dead island + parkour knock off with melee weapons of increasing excellence, including weapon enhancement and degradation, and slowly turns into a FPS.  all set in a great 3rd world demolished by apocalypse.  i really love it.you will like this game if you:  like Fallout 3/FNV, Rage, Metro series."
,Recommended,239140,14563193,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,DenimGlass,"The game is pretty good . I advise everyone to buy and play .The plot is quite thoughtful .Ocheeeeeeen many advantages , and there is a very big minus.If you use masking Jumper , zombies and all the rest will be a negative situation to you."
76561197981960923,Not Recommended,239140,14729694,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,leehype,"Completely terrible.  Unplayable.  Waste of money.I have a PC that is very high end, and this game is unplayable.  The FPS is single digets when ever there is anything going on.  This has nothing to do with my grafix card (590) as the FPS does not change from the highest settings to the lowest settings.  There are mods released online that fix these issues, and the company treats using these as cheating.  Cheating would be taking 60 bucks from me and giving me this garbage.The consept is nice, and if it would run properly, I'm sure I would have something positive to say, but I need to ba able to play the game to like a game."
76561198072184772,Recommended,239140,14653372,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Player Of Valor,"Yes, it is an enjoyable game, but I have a problem with it. I went and downloaded it on my other PC, and it wasn't compatible with it. My main PC decided to break down, and is far past repair, and I don't see why this computer can't run it either... Either way, it is a great game, and I would recommend it for others, just make sure your system meets at least the requirements."
76561198113838758,Recommended,239140,14653400,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BestPalJames,"Yes, I recommend this game. I tried waiting on it, but ended up caving and paying full price. I was not disappointed although I'm sure I could have survived waiting for a sale. The game is excellent at it's core, however, the standard AAA annoyances and disappointments do bring it down at times.The parkour system is top notch, on par with Mirror's Edge except there is definitely more freedom of movement and surfaces to climb. One of the most interesting and enjoyable parts of the game for me was combat. Fighting zombies just feels right in this game. The devs nailed it. At first you can only swing a melee weapon 3 or 4 times before your character becomes winded and out of breath. Even a group of three slow zombies can be a serious threat in the right situation. And that's really fun. One of my critiques is that I think you can level up your character too much. Fighting during the day becomes less challenging and more boring. Fighting at night and against the stronger specials gets to the point where it is about just right, but I would rather the two levels of difficulty meet a little more in the middle and have the character gain less power overall.Weapons are pretty good too: using melee weapons is fun as hell and i think i played about 10 hours before I even found a gun. I used it in a panick to kill three thugs who cornered me later on and i used up the whole mag, rendering the gun useless. Firing a gun is one of the worst decisions you can make in the game, as it draws hordes of the undead. It's definitely a last resort, which I like. Unfortunately, the game is absolutely littered with weapons to find and you will be constantly be deciding which items to dump from your inventory to make room for the shiny new scimitar you found. Weapons also suffer from becoming too powerful and thus, boring.This is probably the only zombie game I've played that truly fits the fiction of a zombie apocalypse and caters to the rules of surviving in such a scenario.The story is pretty much straight trash. The villain is uninspired, the ending is anticlimactic and frustrating, and theres a pretty sexist damsel in distress sequence. Much like far cry, the game excels when it hands freedom to you rather than story missions or QTE's.The root of the gameplay is crazy fun and takes a long time to get old. It took me 40 hours just to complete the base story, so its a good time/money investment. The open world is great as well, but there is no fast traveling. Usually this isnt a problem because the running is so fun. But towards the end of the game when you are running the sewer gauntlet between halves of the map again and again it gets pretty annoying.Overall, solid game."
76561198033867386,Recommended,239140,14310427,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Boudicca,If you liked dead island then this is a more sophisticated version.  The graphics are good.  Being new to games with Parkour I found the jumping quite liberating especially when being chased.  I quite enjoy foraging for parts and the map displays the places for herbs etc. Its a thumbs up from me.....however my game does freeze whilst interacting with zombies i.e when the grab and bite me.  The patch improved the play slightly but it still needs work.
76561197993698324,Recommended,239140,14654329,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Carniva6,This was one of the most complete games i've played in a while.  I had thirty hours in the game and still only had 24% complete at one point.  The gore is off the hook especially when you get a two hander.
,Recommended,239140,14457830,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,210Texan,"What a pleasant surprise this turned out to be..I hadn't heard anything about this game, even after it was released. I learned about it from the commercials after launch. I decided to purchase it after watching some streams online.What a great game. I'm 32 and have been feeling a little bored with games lately. Dying Light came in, and I've started enjoying firing up the old PC and getting online for some multiplayer again.Graphics: Outstanding. The first thing that caught my attention was the detail Techland paid to creating a believable world in Harran. From enormously long view distances, to the varying weather patterns, day and night cycle (more on nights later), blood splattering on you and NPC's after smashing a few zombies heads, to the effects of the wind on the palm trees and characters clothing, the graphics are a joy to take in with the settings turned up.Gameplay: Who would have thought parkour and zombies would be such a great combo? I really enjoy playing this game. I can spend hours just free running the city, challenging myself to go farther and farther without stopping my sprint. The game is beautifully violent, with dismemberment, decapitations, and heads smashing GALORE. The game features a deep skill tree over three seperate categories, and I like how you are penalized for dying by losing your survivor points. The missions do not feel like chores, and I appreciate how Techland spent the extra time planning the side missions to add value to them. The side missions have some story to them, and do a great job of showing off the different elements to the gameplay. As much fun as the game is in single player, it really shines when you can get a group of three other players who enjoy cooperating and communication to join up with, and progress the story together. The feeling of dread on my first playthrough during the first night was amazing. Techland really nailed the atmosphere, and the fear factor when you start dealing with the pursuits. The multiplayer component also includes a competitive aspect with the ability to play as a hunter and invade other players games. The resulting chess match of the humans weapons and items vs. the overpowered abilities of the hunter is damn fun, and didn't feel unfair at all, especially when you have a couple of people helping watch your back during an invasion. I enjoyed Dead Island's multi, but the game was so sloppy and unpolished that it broke the immersion for me and just couldn't save it in my opinion. This is what Dead Island should have been.Sound: The voice acting is above average, and did not get on my nerves as most games scripting and voice acting will. All of the sounds of sledgehammers crushing skulls, military rifles unloading on a group of zombies, and the resulting screams of virals in the distance who are now alerted to your presence are presented wonderfully over my speakers, and even better over my surround headset. The positional audio is spot on.Overall: One of the best games I've ever played to be honest. I love me a good, violent video game, and this one delivers. I love the carnage, and the visceral imagery on display in Dying Light. It's fun to screw around in, and has a solid story line to be played when you get bored of screwing around. The physics system is great, so many lol worthy moments to be had once you you get the grasp of the controls and skills. Cheers to Techland for doing such a good job with Dying Light, and proving that I'm not getting too old to enjoy a video game afterall. I highly recommend buying this game.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14656686,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dead Ops,"It's like Dead Island and Mirror's Edge had a baby, and it was handsome!"
,Recommended,239140,14657449,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Atvarrk,You can't imagine how scared i am when 8 more Volatiles chasing me from one end of slums to the other end. When i finally found somewhere safe a Hunter player came inBest zombie game ever!
76561198126564207,Recommended,239140,14657959,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,jb14kb24,Too addicting
76561197986602528,Recommended,239140,14668292,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pirate Steve,"The good:Enjoyably challanging.  Character has a personality, has motive and driving action around them.  Side missions are entertaining, and not always pointless (some of the blueprints they give are very helpful).  Side missions also have a plot to each one instead of run here, grab this/kill certain number of enemies, come back hooray.  At the heart of them they may still be that but at least you feel as though you have a reason for doing it.  Parkouring is entertaining, combat is fun and more realistic than other zombie games I've played.  Also, I LOVE the no fast travel.  Makes you actually live the travelling instead of appearing there.The bad:Parkouring is buggy.  It occasionally has a hard time determining what you actually wanted to grab onto.  There are a few trap ziplines around the map that seem to be there to help you out, but halfway down it will kill you.  The exploding zombies are incredibly difficult to spot in a crowd/jump out of no where.  I can't count on all my phalanges how many times I've ran into a room, ran up to a van to loot, or ran out of a building to have one spontaneously appear in front of me.  First reaction:  aim for the neck for a decap or vault it (only suceeded in surviving 1 vault)....which ends badly.  I guess i could change my habits to kick first...  but it seems like they were placed in the game as a cruel joke to players.As a side note,  I'll add that I've always had a sense of looming death (stomach in your throat, i'm about to die; not constant fear or anticipation of horror like other games) the entire time I played.  You'll never be that untouchable badass that can waltz out of every situation.  Things get seriously rough quick if you're not paying attention.  However, I enjoyed that part of it.  It's one of the few games that I've had anxiety playing it, yet enjoy it.But seriously, ♥♥♥♥ those exploders."
76561198179615558,Not Recommended,239140,14716185,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,subwayeatfresh359,"I do not reccomend this game, if anyone is seeing this review it is a true honest review read below.I bought this game for $60 and dollars and was super excited, I then purchsed the game and the download started at 3:05, and ended at 9:27 at night! I then opened the game and was relieved it was done and was super excited, the intro was in HD and perfect connection no lag so I was flipping out, I was excited. Then right when I got to the main menu... it was a living nightmare the mouse was delayed so BAD!! I move my mouse like 3-4 seconds later it finally moved. I then tried to change the settings and the game laged so bad, it almost crashed my computer! I finally got the settings changed and it was somewhat better but still had very bad delay, so I tried the campaign and the intro was good but OH. . . MY. . . GOSH. It was so laggy I would move my mouse and it wouldn't pick up I then tried to move around and I didn't move until like 7 seconds later. So please!! Techland improve this game, and people that read this... don't buy the game!! you'll be making a huge mistake and you will be disapointed."
,Recommended,239140,20855673,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,shadowreaf,game is great to just look at the evierment or with freinds the story of the game was awsome great twist to the game had me wanting more hope thay do another one ....
,Recommended,239140,20878214,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AlcorMizar,"Game for anyone who likes first person ""survival"" like with theme of zombies, open worldness and messing around just for fun without particular attention to ""plot"". Served in a nicely detailed environment with good graphics and solid mechanics.Investing over 50h in single-player feels like well spend money (below 15$ on steam sale). If you liked Dead Island you will like Dying Light with no doubt. Majority of issues were fixed and I did not encounter any noticeable bugs except quiet occasional wall/texture clipping or AI path finding problems which can be actually hilarious aha sitting on roofs of old town and watching volatiles trying to climb a building only to fall down and desperately try again or clumsy zombies climbing cars.Speaking of mechanics the parkour is very well implemented, intuitive and dynamic making night runs over city roofs a lot of fun. Melee combat itself (block/normal attack/power attack) is not very sophisticated but does its job and together with weapon modifications and special moves variety (through perks) does not loose its appeal even later in the game. Shooting weapons feel kind of dull but which sane person will use a rifle when you can hop heads with a battery powered machetes? Perks tree is nice, not invasive and most perks gives a feeling of making a difference noticeably than in Dead Island or Far Cry. You end up anyway selection all but perks can be used in game depending on your game play style (tank/rogue).This game has balancing issue and can be frustrating but most of them can be safely avoided. Grappling hook is extremely powerful and enables simple fun of fast runs, jumps and messing around allowing to easily exploit the game mechanics (don't like it - don't use it). Irritating is not the hook itself but the fact that in some mission it is magically disabled. Challenges are ridiculously difficult due to time limits. No any of them is hard by nature but time limits are insane. I skipped most of them with no regrets. Final mission feels like developers had to deliver the game and just made it work although it did not make much sense. Final missions feel like done by a person who first time put hands on  ""Zombie Game Maker 2015"". If you like difficult Mario levels but with zombies chase then you will enjoy it. I won't even mention QTE scene. Buying this game for plot is like buying Serious Sam for its gourmet plot. Majority of sub-quests are typical fetch quests but with zombies on the way.Good game, solid parkour and melee mechanics. Good graphics and detailed although bit repetitive environments. Balancing issues which can be easily skipped. Flat plot and many repetitive sub-quests for which you don't buy this game. This game gives a lot of fun but don't take it too seriously."
76561198086406945,Recommended,239140,20886067,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DeltaWolf,"best game ive played in so long! if you love a free roaming parkour game and love to do awesome special attacks on zombies and slice off heads and unlock skills and perks and also scavenge through the city and customize and add mods to your weapons, this game is for you. if you also love grappling roof to roof and juming off skyscrapers and shooting peoples heads off, then you would love this game! at night the beats come out and trust me, your going to wanna get the hell outta there and sleep for the night at a safe house because you can either just get molested by op zombies that loooooooove to kill you. i literally played this game for 1 day straight only leaving for bathroom breaks and food cause this game is the bomb... no joke."
,Recommended,239140,20846735,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mystic,I think this game are loads of fun but it have stopped work for me can i please get some help some of the textures are gone so i can see trough walls and other things like that and alla characthers and people/zombies are invisible i can hear them and they can attack me but i cant see them same thing about characthers in the tower and so on
76561197988048931,Recommended,239140,20852599,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Reaktor,"Fun zombie-parkour-action in open world with easily forgotten characters and plot thin as hair. Ending was a real anti-climax and game felt too long. Of 33 hours spent about 30-50% was doing sidequests. I still had room for leveling up, but eventually new levels wouldn't have made any difference to endgame, as it required little combat... dunno, for the first 15 hours or so I would give 90 score, but for the latter half spent I'd give only 75% , as you have seen most game has to offer at halfway through. Cautious recommendation, and easy to recommend for 5-7 bucks."
,Recommended,239140,20854200,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,-RBBF- Red Blood Blue Frost,One of the BEST Open world games I've played Ever!!!!Graphics : 9/10NPC Rate 7/10Quests : 7/10Missions :10/10Fun : 10/10Co-op : 6/10Weapons : 10/10World Quality : 8/10Performence : 6/10Hope You Find this helpful. I WILL DEFFINETILY RECCOMEND THIS
76561198094202673,Recommended,239140,20846475,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Fallibehealer,"This is one of the most amazing games I've ever played. The perfect survival game, but not only that. You can parkour around the city and there's so much to the game! 10/10 perfect experience."
,Recommended,239140,20879527,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Ahnonimus,Best game I have ever played!
76561198011479652,Recommended,239140,21437703,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Taktical Fujiihad,"""I came here for two reasons: to suck some hard candies, and to suck some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" -Gangsta Grandma"
76561198087616632,Recommended,239140,21433892,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,trev or,"I must admit, I really like this game. I mean, c'mon! If you add parkour in a huge open world filled with zombies, what could be better?! I'm really happy I got it while it was on sale, this is such a step up from Dead Island. Very fun game!"
,Recommended,239140,21368043,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Matsumoto Hitoshi,love this game but the last DLC The following ending ...kindda lame
76561198166868563,Recommended,239140,21343000,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,IceCream,"OK, this game is one of the best out there, it is new, fresh, and interesting"
,Recommended,239140,17338102,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dorvid,Story isn't the best but the gameplay more than makes up for it.Starts a bit slow but after you get over the intital hump things really start going. Especially once you get the grappling hook you can definitely say things PICK UP!
76561198116356374,Recommended,239140,21350543,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Phasm,pretty good
76561198146262440,Recommended,239140,21350893,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[Void]Donzi,its an amazing game with a great driving fighting scavenging and crafting mechanic.
,Recommended,239140,21441092,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Septu,Bloody good game. Highly addictive and since the new DLC has gotten even better. New nightmare mode has brought the fun back into it along with the new skills. Lots to do and work on no way it's gonna be beaten in a few days unless you're super keen
,Recommended,239140,21412098,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bugarally,"In all honesty, I bought this game on a whim. I figured it would be decent, but boy was I understating it by a lot. It's fairly open-world (I mean, you have a whole city filled with zombies, not to mention the amazing DLC for this game). I love the mechanics (thought the driving in ""The Following"" DLC could use some work, but that's just my opinion. I'm use to Mad Max driving, so that doesn't help much.)The graphics are STUNNING. The story is chilling and takes some interesting turns.Even if you don't like zombie games that much, I would consider getting this game sometime. It's one of my favorites and I don't think I've ever had a big issue with anything about it."
,Recommended,239140,21412471,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PHANAT1K,"I really enjoyed this game, very nice atmosphere and sounds. The music is also great. How about a last man standing mode like in Battle Royale from H1Z1 ?"
76561198025174427,Recommended,239140,21420762,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MrWeinnie,"Run Run Run!!! wait, that zombies pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..."
76561198023475297,Recommended,239140,21414706,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,sleepybear,"hello , ill cut to the chase o love the game alot but no co-op games revealed for me not even my friend who is siting beside me ... i did find 1 or 2 guys who are from india and thats all i got from co-op .."
,Recommended,239140,21410984,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Redd,The real enjoyment of this game is only discovered by playing with friends. It lead to some of the best laughs I have ever had in online gaming.
76561197977206198,Recommended,239140,21426548,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blinky,Very good game. Co-op is fun. Large map and lots of content.
76561198165297906,Recommended,239140,21426706,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ganjaguy98,One of the best games ive played in a long time 10/10 would be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to run at night
,Recommended,239140,21356077,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lil Chano,This ia a great game...I like Bananas
76561197983627865,Recommended,239140,21349395,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,IIIWARIII3,wicked game
,Recommended,239140,21364457,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wayzz,imho the dlc is better than the game.
76561198031735988,Recommended,239140,21345869,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,xx420blazeitnoscopexx #$WAG,"Dying Lightis a relatively new take on the zombie genre, succesfully tying in parkour into an awesome fighting system.The gameplayis where this game really shines. The way parkour and fighting just blends in seamlessly with one another is just amazing. When you're moving around the city that the game takes place in, you'll find yourself climbing buildings and♥♥♥♥♥♥Assassin's Creed style. Freerunning and parkour is just really amazing in the first person perspektive. The games does the parkour so well that you'll find yourself with that flying/falling feeling in your balls when you are ontop of the very tallest of buildings. Unfortunately there isn't always an incentive to climb theverytallest of buildings, other than collecting small flags atop of them.The night-survival-chase♥♥♥♥♥♥is just plain amazing. In your first few hours of the game you'll be running for your life from these ""volatiles"" that are 100% ready to ♥♥♥♥ you up. The thrill that the game is able to produce during night time, is pure awesome. However as you progress through the game, these nights become way less threatening, as your parkour skills have become better and you now know what you can, and what you cannot grab onto.The story. Unfortunately this is a weak point in this game. The story is just full of annoying clichées and absolutely cringing voice acting and writing. There are certain points in the storyline where you will just ask yourself ""Why?"". The opening to the game is probably the strongest segment of the story, even though the execution and the following cringe moments, just makes the game awkward. And yes the game is incredibly awkward at times, especially everything concerning Jade and her brother. Both of them die, killed by you, and you feel absolutely no remorse sitting there behind the screen. There is no character developement and you never really bond with any characters and you dont really want to because they're just copy-pasted from every other cliché game ever.That being said, the game is incredibly awesome and definitely worth checking out. However you're gonna be playing for its gameplay and not for the story. Also the story is ""surviveable"" when you're playing co-op, since you'll be focusing on killing things. Being hit when you really shouldn't is also quite a problem with the bigger dudes.I would rate the game 6/10, if played alone and a bit higher at a 7 or 8/10 when playing co-op."
,Recommended,239140,14523736,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,penguin ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Definitely one of the games i have enjoyed most. AND A FREE UPGRADE TO ENCHANCED EDITION. *cough*stateofdecay*cough*
76561197968870205,Recommended,239140,21334719,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,A corrupt sector,"I felt like there was less story to this then the main game, until the end that is.  Having to drive from one end of the map to the other also got tiresome after awhile.  Other than that, it was worth it."
,Recommended,239140,21346881,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Weaponized trap bae Astolfo,Zombies + Parkour = a̶ ̶s̶h̶i̶t̶t̶y̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶f̶u̶l̶l̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶b̶u̶g̶s̶  Dying light9/11 Would eat my own bed
,Recommended,239140,21344772,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Joguso,"Dying light stepped up the game in a genre that has gone stale. It is a great survival horror, with a well executed parkour system, an engaging combat and some night sequences of pure terror. It combines elements from Dead Island, Mirror's Edge and FarCry to create a vast and immersive open world that is full with interesting locations and missions. The multiplayer is amazing and the best times I had with the game where against the Hunter (a super mutated zombie controlled by a player). Some of the DLCs are really good (like bozak horde and the following). The only thing, in my opinion, that could be improved is the frame rate, that sometimes drops like crazy while playing co-op."
76561197970540987,Recommended,239140,21319604,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MajorDICK,"(Base Game Review - I haven't got to 'The Following' yet)Fantastic job Techland! This game is tight, polished, and plays silky smooth.Okay, so I followed the development of this game, but never purchased it, because I was afraid it would be another Dead Island, which I didn't care for. So I picked up Dying Light: The Following Enhanced Edition the other day, which includes 'all' DLC, season pass, pre-order BS, etc. and it was one of the best $60 bucks I've spent.Techland nailed it!!! As stated above, the game is tight, polished, the level design and environment details are incredible, the graphics are beautiful, it runs silky smooth, and is a ton of fun. The Chrome engine has advanced so impressively, and Dying Light sure showcases it nicely. The parkour system is so well done and a fricken' blast, the story line (so far), quests, side quests, etc., just all flow nicely. And the CoOp game play is the best in any game I’ve ever played; the campaign plays out the same weather you play it solo, or up to 4 players in CoOp. It is very nicely designed and executed with high re-play-ability.Anyway, I could go on and on, but I will just finish by saying it is a high quality game in every aspect and is certainly worth $60.00."
76561198010944297,Recommended,239140,21383432,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SwatKat1-Sukshinder ShindaHMC,"Verry cool game,good graphics,and lots of fun!"
76561198010045859,Recommended,239140,14304511,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Conversely Spectacular Redoubt.,"Do you like zombies of course not they are ugly and stink like you mom in law, but that why they are so much fun to beat up! Like breaking a leg on one of thoses filthy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or spilt it's head in two. What's better you might ask? Well it's openworld mate, you can run and jump like one of those kankuros. there is alot to see and do and im not even done with it all, boy yet you seek my rewiew and these are only a few good things about the game. why are you still here? go do the world a favor and kill them walkers.Btw the DLC the following is pretty sweet sidekick to the game.good night good luck"
,Recommended,239140,21383559,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bean Bag,"One of the best survival game's i have ever played with the zombies and the parkour its just an amazing game and im hoping for a second game to come out soon, I think the Dev's have done an amazing job."
,Recommended,239140,21380349,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ClemFandango,Yep
76561198000758099,Recommended,239140,21382069,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Aggrivon,Lots of fun.  Especially with a friend or friends
,Recommended,239140,21376070,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Garo,Probaby the best coop experience I have had in a game.  So much content and so well done.  This game is definetly in my top 5 of all time.  The following DLC raised my bar even more with how much content you got and creative story.
76561197999699956,Recommended,239140,21032146,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,get out me clunge!,5/5
76561198098819030,Recommended,239140,21397512,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tunesmith,"I played this game to comletion once and felt it was definitely worth doing. That said, I feel it lacks replayability but that is true for most games anyway."
76561198214081612,Recommended,239140,21386663,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,UCHIA,"The best open-world, exploration, zombie-survival game of all time. You should try, you won't regret."
,Recommended,239140,18236110,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Baba Yaga,Keeps crashing frequently..edit: gj updated and works
76561198033746396,Recommended,239140,21393353,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tsw85>XI<,this game is the sh-t ..you like zombies ..then look no place but right here ..the game is great ..and i mean great .
,Recommended,239140,21393562,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ジェフリー,I Love This Game So MUCH!!
76561198039430651,Recommended,239140,21391864,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,TheWww.yyzzzrrrd,"It's like FarCry, but with zombies. Awesome game."
76561197974250986,Recommended,239140,21395051,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,edub101,"Formerly, I had negatively commented on the game as it caused me (and others) the worst motion sickness I ever felt in a game.  Subsequently, a patch introduced options that helped a lot, and I can now positively recommend this excellent game, although motion sickness issues do still remain at a reduced level--at least for me.  Gamepay-wise, this is a rare co-op game that can be played as single-player open-world game without diminished gameplay for the solo player.  As someone who hates co-op, I can say that there is no ""forced co-op"" in Dying Light, and the game is much better for it."
,Recommended,239140,21378264,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Vamp,It's pretty good so far! Grab the game and let's play!!
,Recommended,239140,21378576,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MaroBaro,"The base game is great, the story might be a little bit trite and crappy but the gameplay is super awesome. The parkour system works like a charm and the fighting mechanics are great. Night stuff is tense. And the ability trees are awesome. There are so many cool moves that give you so many options.And the game basically lets you decide how hard you want it, once you are maxed out you can literally just go around and shoot people but you can just get a nice knife or wrench, a few flares, and go do some crazy stuff at night.The expansion is what an expansion should be. A bunch of new mechanics and a huge new location to explore and a crapload of missions. New weapons, new difficulty that makes the whole game like a new one. Funny thing is that the expansion is free roam in the wilderness and it is better than far cry... so there is that :)All in all, I've gotten my money worth and then some and I haven't even finished the expansion and probably have around 100 side missions that I need to do, and so many other side activities that are cool."
76561197985994570,Not Recommended,239140,21378696,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,gibbs1189,"Purchased the original game when it came out and loved it. Decided to purchase the new expansion and not even 20 minutes in encountered a game breaking bug that traps you in the buggy with no means of escape aside from quitting and reloading the game, and does not let you steer the car. Changing key bindings does nothing, using a game pad does nothing. It is broken. A notification pops up that says ""Press ?Uknown?Key? to exit"" and you are then trapped for eternity in the car. Since the DLC is not a seperate item from the main game, you can't request a refund. $20 down the drain. Don't waste your money."
76561198112063705,Recommended,239140,21377519,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rice Jenkins,"repaired a wooden baseball bat with metal...and loved itshot grappling hook a ground and it breaks my fall...and loved itclimbed through a roof...and loved itgot spat on by a hunchback...and loved itevery time i walk into the tower that stereotypical voiceacted shopkeeper tells me he has a special deal for me...turns out to be a kitchen knife for 10,000 dollars...i. love. it."
,Recommended,239140,21373178,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"I love this game. It has a nice story and you have quite the freedom, especially when you are done with the story. Mirror's Edge+Dead Island=Dying Light. I got this, because Mirror's Edge 2 is taking a long time to come out."
,Recommended,239140,21327920,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,b0x3d,"Far Cry crossed with Mirror's Edge, with Zombies. Wow!"
,Recommended,239140,14254706,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chef Boyardee,"Ok, giving this game a better analysis.Pros-Fun gameplay-Cool weapons-Fun Co Op-Custom mod support-Tons of customization-Also,THE ENHANCED EDITION IS GIVEN FOR FREE!. After getting burned by Namco due to the Scholars of the First Sin being $30 for people who already purchased the game, its nice to see the enhanced edition being given out for free, like it should.Cons-StoryOverall10/10"
,Recommended,239140,21326592,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DR-BACON,hi
76561197984743888,Not Recommended,239140,21325015,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Rainbow Llama - Fuzzy Hair™,"I'm not gonna pretend this game isn't good, in fact its amazing, its one of the best if not THE best zombie game i have ever played and to be able to play it fully with my good friend just made it even better, but i gotta say.. the ending to the following was bull****, I'm not gonna spoil what happens but the pure insanity of how unnessesarily diffecult it was was just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Sure i played it on nightmare to get the full extend of the zombie apocalyps, but the amount of tries i had on that♥♥♥♥♥♥just to set the diffeculity down to normal just to beat it just doesn't justify me recommending this game, i feel like they really screwed up and the ending didn't follow the logic of the game.The game was good but the ending made it all seem pointless. 5/7"
76561198041373046,Recommended,239140,21324472,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,kennydanny,i just finished the story tought lets go to all the credits game freeze after credits just press enter !!!!!!!!!! warning bad W A S D ending.... i just wanted to drop kick that mathafcla from the building pleas some one make it a project in the steam workshop XD
,Recommended,239140,21327329,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,cormando14,"Great fun and im not a horror game fan but if you can imagine the free roam fun of gta v with zombies that you can beat around the place then yeah, needless to say its a winning mixture!"
,Recommended,239140,21317636,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ボーンズ氏Morphine 自殺,"Truly amazing game. Not many have such an immersive world, story, characters, and most surprisingly, side missions. Normally in games side missions are something that I don't like doing, they're a pain with little reward. But they seem to flow so naturally with the story I don't even realize I'm doing them until hours after I've started. The game alone is amazing, and The Following is more like an entirely new game rather than a DLC. Highly reccommend."
76561198256905796,Recommended,239140,19724606,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,thetardis59,so great wish there was a wall run like in mirrors ege
76561197972701828,Recommended,239140,14643068,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Skycrime,"I haven't played through it yet, but I'm very impressed so far.This is a lot more serious than the previous Dead Rising games. There aren't so many zombies, but they are tougher to fight that the one's you're used to. The movement was pretty fun once I got the hang of it.  The atmosphere at night is incredible. I would dock them points (if we had points) for the overly long prologue before I was able to do co-op, as well as the not very intuitive controls for getting another player into my game. Almost all of my game time is spent with my wife these days, so that's the most important feature for me.Mostly I wanted to give them extra points for the location. It's a well designed world, and most importantly it's not California. It's not even North America, as far as I can tell (although it looks suspiciously similar to Vancouver, BC). It's good to see a game that isn't completely ethnocentric, and in which people with dark skin are characters and not terrorists."
76561198021217390,Recommended,239140,14644413,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Tashka Achillita,I loved the game. It was terrific
,Recommended,239140,14645335,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,jawsper,Zombies.Sorry I meant Infected.Stabby.Shooty.Jumpy.Fun times.
76561198025456949,Recommended,239140,14646965,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Boba Fett-Grey Knight,"You ever play mirrors edge, course you have, its like mirrors edge and dead island had a baby that decided it was gonna 1 up both its parents and ♥♥♥♥ing fly! Also Grapling hook."
,Not Recommended,239140,14647707,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Teflon,"4/10 buy it below 20$.I want to say, i started off loving this game, it was super fun for the first few hours.  As I got farther in the game it felt more and more like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths, and stupid traps to kill me (bombers around corners after I havnt seen one in hours).  By the end of the game I didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥what happened to anyone and was just pushing through it to finish it, then the finale was a QTE event, it was like someone gave me a beautiful cake, I dug deeper and found out it was made out of feces."
76561198124627351,Recommended,239140,14648292,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Roose Bolton,"Amasing game with a superb park our system, fun weapons and a very good story that gets you engaged. The enviroment is also really good and beatiful. Only downside is that you need a decently good pc to get good frames and that was a big problem until version 1.4.0 but now it is good. I rate 10/10 and recomend it to evryone!!"
,Recommended,239140,14649254,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[SLUT] Ragnarr,"Good Night and Good Luck.Awesome game, seriously! and co-op takes it up a notch!10/10"
76561198180263402,Not Recommended,239140,14616432,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Albinoturtle,this game lags so much and i cant get it off my computer it looks fun but is ssooo laggy and wont work for my gameing computer and it is the only game on my computer that wont work WHY WONT IT WORK!!!
76561198047230177,Recommended,239140,14634457,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ultimate Fury,"This is an awesome game.  The first few missions can be a bit annoying as you don't have weapons good enough to slaughter hordes of zombies at a time, but it quickly improves once you level up your skills.I also like how the zombies are fairly unpredictable.  Sometimes they just shuffle towards you, while other times they decide to lunge at the last minute, you have to constantly watch them or risk a surprise bite.  The ones that pretend to be dead are also a great feature.Once you find the excalibur easter egg killing zeds becomes so much more fun.  Sending zeds flying over buildings is way too much fun.  Best part is if you keep the initial sword you find, it retains the ""homerun"" effect even after reaching 0 durability."
,Recommended,239140,14683025,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Daiki,8/10-good parkour system-meh story- GAZI-KUNN
76561198100036285,Recommended,239140,14683896,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,PapaPuff,I feel like this game doesn't even need objectives.  I've had plenty of fun just running.
,Recommended,239140,14684160,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Homunculus in Cuban Heels,"Fantastic game. Top voice acting, excellent storyline and great graphics. I have been playing this for a few weeks now and have decided that this game is amazing.When you begin you can think that this game is very much like Dead Island, slow with poor mechanincs and a massively grindy type of gameplay, but when you get into this game you realise that this is merely an intro to the game.Once things get going you become immersed into the story. Finding new weapons, new blueprints and fighting the undead keep things going at a steady pace.Then comes the night/ day mechaninc.When night comes, after having ignored the message that you need to find a safe house, you get that unwelcome surprise. The tough as nails night zombies. Do you stay and fight or do you run?This game becomes a challenge in more ways than one and questions the way you want to play in the early game.I highly recommend this to anyone who wasn't or was a fan of Dead Island because when the night sweeps in and you're standing in the market square wondering which mission to take up next the screams'll wake you from your reverie and your heart'll be pumping.GOOD NIGHT GOOD LUCK."
,Not Recommended,239140,14685365,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Yamkaizer,"Gameplay was good. Parkour system was pretty solid.Story completely sucked, No connections to characters so when things happened to them i didn't care.♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending. You cannot make key choices or change the outcome.Took me 34 hours to beat the game and that was me taking my time. Definitely not worth 60 dollars.2/5 stars. This game was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I feel robbed.The guy with the fake mother should have looked like a down syndrome dude."
76561198138717488,Recommended,239140,14685790,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Waggy,"This is probably the best zombie game I have played. The free roam aspect, combined with night mode, make for an exciting evironment. Who doesn't love hacking zombie limbs and heads off? The game does not lack in the brutality department as you can cut zombies in half horizontally AND vetically.The graphics are very nice, and the voice acting is not bad. There's plenty of missions around, and the main story is interesting enough. Loot EVERYWHERE! Crafting is simple and useful enough. The co-op is great, and the ""Zombie Invasion"" mode can get pretty intense.The only negative I can think of is when you get to higher levels, fighting normal zombies becomes monotonous. That being said, it is fun hacking though hordes of zombies. And if the numbers are high enough, it can get ovewhelming (plus ""boss"" encounters)."
,Recommended,239140,14685926,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mozz,"When I saw this game, I got hit by a Hype Train...And When I spent a $60 gamble known as getting this game...And when I saw dat impossible tutorial...It's actually a great Game!4/5 stars, because of graphics that look like crap up close, bland characters, fps low spots, and that dang beginning. But if it isn't one of the best zombie games I've ever played!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14686580,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Co-ck-a-too,The game is enjoyable with the parkour and zombie base. The day and night cycle is pretty good! better run for you life at night or the zombies are gonna bite your butt. It does have a pretty good combat system and the story line is generally not to bad.Graphics 9/10Gameplay 9/10Story 7/10
76561198060171598,Recommended,239140,14687749,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,XTerminator,"One of the best game ı have ever played.The parkour is really good and realistic.The fighting mechanics are awesome but ı think the ending is a bit of  dissapointing.The night time gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing exciting and scary.I can easily say it worths its price.Open world feels realistic and dangerous,but ı think the story is presumable and simple,but it isnt meaning its a bad game."
76561198017362223,Recommended,239140,14725765,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,FRIENDLY MAN,One of the best games I've played. With no hesitation!
,Recommended,239140,14730138,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Entropy,Amazingly fun game with great atmosphere.
,Recommended,239140,14733731,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Thatguy34,It's a game that is fun but has little reason to play for the story.  This game also needs quite a bit of horsepower to run so if you are on a machine from 5 or 6 years back i would either upgrade or skip this game.  As it stands it is still pretty buggy but i can't deny the hours of fun i had playing this game (even if it included breaking the game by jumping over a box and clipping through the wall next to it).
,Recommended,239140,14286240,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,OMEGA,This is probalby the best game in a long while 2014 was not a succes but dying light realy razed the bar high for 2015
76561197989449898,Recommended,239140,14286293,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Wow! AMAZING!
,Recommended,239140,14287199,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,John Feeshy,Incredibly laggy as of now.
,Recommended,239140,14287956,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Headzy,"One of the best zombie games i have EVER played. So much fun, me and my friend completed the story mode within 2 days."
,Recommended,239140,14288197,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Reznok,One of the best games I've played in a while. Having friends to co-op it with makes it even better.
,Recommended,239140,14288303,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Magmeato,Its Dead Island all over again. Just better graphics. Very similar game play and enemies.
,Recommended,239140,14288413,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Thanos,lots of fun and massive
,Recommended,239140,14289758,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Aphinity,"Aside from a few glitches (which is expected at the release of the game), this game was really enjoyable. If you enjoyed the original Dead Island, then this game is definitely worth the purchase. I have played the entire story and I must say I was definitely satisfied. The only thing I had an issue was the ending, but I shall not spoilerino it. Aside from that the game was about a 8/10."
,Recommended,239140,14289994,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Leo Cor,You can look at your feet! 10/10 would look down again
76561198068898565,Recommended,239140,14290008,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Papa Johns™,"This game is worth every penny. The rush you get while being chased at night, to dropkicking zombies of buildings. This game deserves more attention and needs more players. Being able to smack a zombie in the face with a hammer is a very good feeling. The soundfx are great, grafics fantastic, and most of all gameplay is outstanding. 9.5/10"
76561198105432565,Recommended,239140,14290106,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Pordigy86,"The game is really awesome, I love it !!! Recommend !!!!!"
76561198028388040,Recommended,239140,14290267,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[LT]Oreo,"Awesome game, Love it. the only thing I hate about this game is when you get stuck  can't climb up then a zombies bites you to death."
76561198083088920,Recommended,239140,14291094,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Allied Mastercomputer,"I got a bit worried at first, but put my faith in, and preordered the game + season pass. So far, I am NOT disappointed!Pros+Its zombies! all types! Fast, Slow, Scary, Wimpy, Ranged, Melee, Big, Small, etc, etc!+Fun crafting like Dead Island, but with more purpose and apparent effect!+A great parkour system that lets you realy enjoy the well built maps, and take on any challenge multiple ways!+Night time is genuinely terrifying! When you cant rush, and are reduced to a sneak for fear of being shreded by monsters that are faster than you, and have ony the advantage of UV light and Climbing speed to get away, you know night has been done justice!+Night Hunter invasions are fun once you get experienced on both sides!+Graphics are AMAZING. Holy cow, I got in and had to stop and just walk for a bit to really appreciate how great it all looks!+You get better at skills by USING THEM! Want to be faster? Run, climb, and vault, and youll get there! Want to smash heads quicker? Swing, crush, stab, and slice, and you will be fighting better in no time!Negatives-Night Hunter invasions come so fast that you get no down time once you get caught in them. (they are fun though, and if you get to a safe zone in time, they can be avoided)-Optimization. I have a great laptop, but the default settings will be too much right now for almost anyone on PC. Its just not optimized enough as it is. I have to run it on ""low"" settings to avoid crashes and hitching, but it still looks amazing.I gotta say, I recommend this game, and lets hope it continues to wow me, and all the others who play. See you at the Tower, and make sure your there before dark! :D"
76561198054828483,Recommended,239140,14291142,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Veepee,"Probably one of the most epic Zombie games ever and one of my favorite games! I agree the story is..meh.. I'll say ok but the gameplay! The parkour system is just fantastic once you get used to it. The visuels are stunning, lot of loot everywhere, lot of zombies and divertisy. Only complain would be the optimization, got some pretty aweful frame rate drops in some areas even with a gtx 980, a I7 4.2 ghz with 16 GB of RAM. That's sad and sometimes frustrating but it will be fix soon so I don't really bother complaining. Awesome game! Get it!"
76561198034162437,Recommended,239140,14252072,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Reverend,"Still currently unplayable on AMD systems after the first patch. I have been watching this game for a while & decided to givre it a try after the patch but once you get into the missions the frames are too low to survive. Now I'm not talking about (I don't get 60 FPS this is unacceptable) I'm talking around 15 to 20 at best. I'm running an an AMD fx 6350 at 4.1 and an R9 280X 3GB with 8 gigs of ram. At the lowest settings once the action begins it is unplyable.That said the game so far is beutifull & looks like it would be very fun. As far as being an open world it seems to be a bit linear to me but due to the performance limitations I can't be certain. They are working on a patch for AMD systems so I will patiently wait. I blame myself for jumping in knowing the problems but look forward to updates.At this point I do not recomend the game, eait for updates before buying. If they can fix the performance problems I believe that this title will be worth a buy & I will change my recomendfation.EDIT: After some tips from other players I can get the game at a playable framerate. With all the settings at medium except for textures at high and the draw distance all the way down. (And of course all of the NVIDIA stuff disabled).The game still looks good & performance is much better."
76561198125317340,Recommended,239140,14291338,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,flyingbrick,Pretty fun game. Kinda feels like playing assasins creed and left 4 dead in one game.
,Recommended,239140,14291628,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fox Hound,One of the best games I have!-Sick graphics-Awesome story-Good run for your money (no pun intended)-10/10Highly recomended+ !
,Recommended,239140,14291670,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,slickpantherzro,Lots of hours of fun. Does require high performance computer hardware. Or you could have a bit of lag and game freezing.
,Recommended,239140,14291825,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fuor20,"another really fun game that had really great moments, but had a quick time event shoe horned in for the finale. still a good game i guess even though that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off"
,Recommended,239140,14291949,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gost White,"Great game. Fun parkour and intuitive combat. Was expecting fast travel, but that would just ruin the envisioned gameplay. Overall very fun!"
,Recommended,239140,14641056,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,A1 | CINNABUN,"Simply amazing. This game has blown my mind with its versatility. Great game, Highly recommended."
76561198078552864,Recommended,239140,14190288,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GameBoy,I'm Just finished the game and i can say that this is amazing game!!!!
,Not Recommended,239140,14676398,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Deathbythee,Cant play this game with my 2 hd7850's because of flickering. not recommended for dual gpu setups
76561197964382673,Recommended,239140,14680677,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zordin,"9.5/10  GOTYThis game has ruined me for all other zombie and parkour games!Dead Island 2... where's the parkour?  Forget about it.Mirror's Edge 2... where the freakin zombies? Forget about it.Gameplay and graphics are amazing.   This is the finest zombie apocalyse simulator money can buy.I quite liked the story and characters, and I loved the map design and gameplay.   Your character really evolves as you unlock abilities.   Extra thrills once you get the grappling hook and can Spider-Man your way around the map.   Even the side quests had some excellent mini-stories with their own characters/dialogue/twists.Scary as hell during the night phase.For those who like a more stealthy approach, invest in the camo skill, and pick every lock you find.Can't comment on the multi-player... I was too busy enjoying the hell out of single-player."
,Recommended,239140,14668075,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,egyptianankh1,Beautiful and gory. What else could you want in a zombie game? Not to mention it's a serious step up from techland's OTHER zombie game.
76561197987498188,Recommended,239140,14668189,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Scythe1344,"This game is everything I wanted, when I bought Dead Island, and MORE!The zombie killing is kind of addictive.You can progress fast, or take your time with some sidequests.But the best part is the movement / Parkour system.It's kind of like Mirror's Edge, but feels more refined.Also the multiplayer is nice, definitely better than Ridge Racer ;)This is one of the very few games, that I pre-ordered and didn't regret afterwards."
76561198148131069,Recommended,239140,14670056,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,stray1011,"A great game for those who want action/parkour/horror and long term objective based co-op in an open world. Or even just solo, as I've doneI I feel like it barely missed ""best game ever"" status by taking the slightly campy action route, as opposed to fleshing out the horror and immersion. But whatever, that's what they were shooting for and they got a bullseye. Also, nighttime is way too short. The night in this game is downright terrifying and frantic at times. But as far as I can tell that's my only gripe with the game. No, wait, climbing down things is way too difficult. Even ladders. People complain about the story, but I'm interested. I get invested in characters and plot lines. When someone I give a care about dies, it stings. Side quests that are mostly ""go find"" or ""go kill"" are fleshed out well enough that you don't get bored and often lead to interesting situations or decent loot. The main story always has me itching to help friends or kill enemies. Like in your average city you can go from total sanctuary to total chaos in seconds. Bottom line is it's a beautiful game (even at lower graphics), with an interesting story, tons of lootable opportunities, alot of action, enough skill tree options to play they way you want, near perfect difficulty, and... wait wait wait. BE THE ZOMBIE! this mode is awesome. invade ramdom players games at nightime as a special infected like no other in normal gameplay. If you don't play you're missing out. Just gimme more night and add wall running!!"
,Recommended,239140,14670088,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Procidia,"Leap around buildings, bash the recently (and not so recently) deceased with crudly stictched together weapons?Hell yeah. Looks beautiful too. Buy this game."
,Recommended,239140,19100351,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Outsider,"Zombies and parkour, pretty damn awesome!"
,Recommended,239140,21262295,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,WorldsGr8stBoss,"My palms get rediculously sweaty playing Dying Light. Sometimes it's because of the zombies chasing after me. It also happens when I turn off the flashlight at night and realize....I....cant...see...anything! But mostly, I think it's because I've always had a fear of heights and this game taps the hell out of that fear"
,Recommended,239140,21258701,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Stop inv me to csgo or unfriend,I enjoyed this game a lot
76561197960883105,Not Recommended,239140,19864619,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Roadkill,"**UPDATE**Due to some kind of bug, i have lost all 125 hours of progress in this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. all xp, all items, everything. After completing the campaign twice on normal and hard, and the following on nightmare, the game would crash at the load screen.i could load the save at the last mission, which locks you in an area in the dam. after completing the mission i could not load the save and continue playing on any mission but the last.the saving system in Dying Light only allows one save. if its ♥♥♥♥ed, you lose everything.♥♥♥♥ this game. dont buy.********************************I've completed the story mode on normal and NG+ on hard, completing all side quests both times. The only content left for me is leveling in Be the Zombie, The Bozak Horde, and a handful of parkour challenges. I could write an exhausting ""review"" full of witty anecdotes about the night, but an actual review is probably more useful to you. I'm making a lot of comparisons to Dead Island because Techland was the developer for both games, however this time around, they allegedly had more creative freedom. Dead Island 2 won't be made by Techland, and it's release date kept getting pushed back due to the publisher Deep Silver and (now former) developers Yager Development having ""massive differences in the respective vision for the game"". Consider Dying Light instead of waiting (forever) for Dead Island 2A lot of these points are pretty minor grievances. I'm just trying to give more insight than ""OMG ZOMBIE PARKOUR 10/10 BUY IT""- It's Dead Island with more visual polish, parkour, day/night, and an interesting pvp concept- PVP is so much fun. Scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of players, nabbing that drop takedown, and zooming around with a much better grapple hook is very satisfying.- Combat feels very similar to DI. You are mostly spamming left mouse and moving into empty space to avoid getting surrounded, the parkour mechanic helps tremendously for quickly getting to safety- While it does have a talent tree, there are no classes and you will unlock all talents by the end of the story through normal progression. This kind of RPG-lite type of stuff is prevalent in many modern games and usually only offers a facade of character customising - it's not really an RPG at all. It does allow players to make full use of any weapon they come across, but money isn't as tight as it was in Dead Island, so you quickly become a jack of all trades and filthy rich.- You can save your money for buying new stuff instead of spending it all on repairs like you would have in Dead Island. While I do have over half a million dollars and haven't had to grind bottles of champagne for some perpetually drunk ♥♥♥♥♥, it kind of feels like the other end of the resource management spectrum compared to Dead Island.- A lot of the items you can craft are more of a novelty. Flame liquid, mollys, and firecrackers were the bulk of my crafted repertoire. There's a pretty funny fetch quest chain involving a crackpot witch doctor, but it's mostly useless once you get a particular talent.- You will be forced to fight 2 out of 3 bosses with terrible white items that break fast and have limited repairs. The first Demolisher on hard mode in particular was much more challenging than everything else in the game by a large margin. It required some cheesier moves (kiting around a barrel for a ridiculous amount of time is allegedly feasible, but I succeeded by repeating the heavy weapon ground pound between climbing pillars and dodging projectiles). He gets back a good portion of health every time you die, but items (including durability) remain the same. If you die too many times while fighting this boss, eventually you have no weapons to fight him. You'll have to quit the game and reload the mission from the start. If you do hard mode on your first play through and didn't get the ground slam talent, you're pretty much completely ♥♥♥♥ed.- NG+ hard otherwise felt a little easier than first run normal. Some new zombie types could put the pressure back on, maybe new Spitters that give you slippery hands so you cant climb for a while? Fights with the looter gangs were a nice change to zombie bashing, I'd enjoy constantly fighting over safe houses even after completing the story.- The third and final boss is nothing more than a QTE after a fairly linear running section. However, most of the parkour is in the open world and allows you to choose your own path. This is the only QTE in the entire game and felt completely out of place.- Although the Pyza Suit is an Easter egg I really wish it let you glide for longer, it's not really much fun gliding for a couple seconds before plummeting and having to quickly switch back to grapple.-  I tried the companion app out of curiosity and for more orange weapons then dropped it when I realised I needed to train new scouts for the last mission and only give them one kind of xp. It'll give you a lot of extra medkits but otherwise mostly junk for a quick extra buck if you somehow are skint.- DLC weapons except maybe The Constable are mostly useless. They're basically better white items that you can make use of for the first couple hours in a new game with a fresh character.I wouldn't have played it through twice if I didn't thoroughly enjoy it. It's a decent game, looks and runs great even on a gtx 570, especially fun with friends, and has a great concept for pvp that deserves more attention (and players leaving their game open to it, you'll cowards). Lots of looting, running, and stomping zombie heads. Night time is tense and thrilling but you'll eventually get confident enough to camo sneak up to a bolter while snapping every neck along the way. Awaiting the first expac for some fresh content and to justify the season pass purchase, honestly it's not currently worth it for the weapons and BH considering this game has been on sale for less than the season pass price several times. I got it on sale for around $30 to $35AUD and it was a worthy purchase then, with at least 30 hours of content. I took my time and I think clocked in around 40 hours when I finished story/side quests on the first play through."
,Recommended,239140,21244707,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mostlytoastless,"I had a great time with this DLC.  Top notch quality, very enjoyable.  One of the better pieces of DLC I've seen"
76561198082269174,Recommended,239140,21244961,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Head Ass,Absoloutly fantastic game
,Recommended,239140,21243793,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,PhotonicJester,This game is fun. grapple is op :)
,Not Recommended,239140,21242317,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,HeWasNumberOne,Invasions are broken. 1 UV flashlight and you're unkillable. Hunter can't do much when a little speck of UV hits him. Singleplayer is ok.
76561197994855724,Recommended,239140,16508380,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MeoWheeler1,"Fun Fun FUN!!! Lol.^ ^ obviously I'm not a professional critic lol ^ ^Revised 2/15/2016As I've already said above, this game was very fun to begin with, & now a good few hours into The Following, & I once again must say this is an Amazing & Still Fun Game! It has so many good elements & they combine them really well. Most games in the past X amount of years either has really good looks (eg. graphics, fluidity, fps, AI, sound, etc) & then other games have really good content (eg. great story line, good foundation for the story, nice side quests thata aren't repetitive, good characters you don't forget immediately, etc) It's not very often that (at least in my opinion,) that this game is still creating content, but also created content that has new features that don't feel cut from the original just to add now.. & also the fact that I haven't played this game in a while & yet was still able to grab my old character, start The Following, & not fumble around falling off of buildings & looking like an idiot too much lol, it all came back to me pretty well, (except the occasional time where I'd press the wrong button forgetting which game I'm playing lol) but I've done that a few times XD"
76561198107071938,Recommended,239140,21137879,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MooseTompson,"Hey Love these guys again that last patch seemed to fix alot of the problems I had with the game. Some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happens from time to time, for example I jump on a bandit and knocked him through the world and was stuck doing a kill animation that couldnt finish and ended up dying but hey♥♥♥♥♥♥happens I guess."
,Recommended,239140,21198409,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bad Rats,Literally don't read any more reviews. Just buy it. Seriously. It's fantastic.
76561198045717641,Recommended,239140,21237267,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Backflashs,"Before expansion you think - ""well it was alright"". After expansion you think - ""man, I need a sequel and three times bigger""."
,Recommended,239140,21230491,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,SCHIZOKOR,This is an amazing game! My favorite game to play to date. Not necessarily something I would recommend playing at night with no lights on though... :)
,Recommended,239140,21237850,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Gay Rick,Great amount of fun and if you dont feel like playing you can just run around drop kicking zombies pretending its your♥♥♥♥ING TEACHERS!!!
76561197962817189,Recommended,239140,21264118,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Humwaw,"Great game, good story, fun to play. Driving down the zombies took me back to Carmageddon on a 386 woohoo!"
,Recommended,239140,30807657,Posted: 28 March,all,Jorge Bush,Best zombie game to date.
,Recommended,239140,23881603,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DEATHDEALER,I absolutelly love this mother***ing game. it is absolutely amazing
76561198026912553,Recommended,239140,23884674,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Handsome Bob,"Buy this game and never buy another game again, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing OUTSTANDING."
76561198049108319,Recommended,239140,23883026,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JETKILLER88,i like it
,Recommended,239140,23883942,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Strelok444,"If you have never played this game, your life sucks"
76561198015024561,Recommended,239140,14285971,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Am Dog,"Parkour, a crapload of weapons, an open world, a pretty good story (in my opinion), zombies, crafting, quests and good graphics. What's not to like?"
76561198127114529,Recommended,239140,14286077,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RecklessDynamo,"BEST ZOMBIE.....SURVIVAL , SLAYING , MASSACRE , DRAGON KICKS , SCARY SH!T , JUMPSCARES (A little bit) GAME I EVER OWNED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,239140,14286080,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Deer God,"This is an epic mix of DeadRising 3 , DeadIsland and Assasin's Creed , And i would say that's a perfect combination with next gen graphics and awesome gameplay. Highly Recommended , must have game."
76561198030389005,Recommended,239140,14272177,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jagroen,"After 44 hours played for 100% Story and 75% side quests, I am pretty happy with how it worked besides my computer not agreeing with the game and the random crashs.I Dont like how you play for 40+ hours used to controls, only for some controls to change when its vitalThere is some storyline concerns that bug me/and or dont make sense.I think the alternative zone should not be in the game, as it was trying to be more ""realistic"" and not have any ""magic"" in it.But the parkour and setups you can do with your environment kept me playing!I highly suggest this game to anyone who has played dead island 1&2 / L4D2.I would rate this a 8/10 :)"
76561198007649262,Recommended,239140,14272354,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Undertoker,"a fantastic game, if you love zombie based apocolyptic open world gaming, get this, it is the best game out bar none"
76561198109602723,Recommended,239140,14272526,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Coffee Addict,<3
,Recommended,239140,14272627,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Crunchy Capn,"This game may not be particularly creative, but it's so well executed and put together that it is the pinnacle of zombie games. The daytime is fast, fun and you feel powerful, but the night comes and you cower on rooftops hoping that the volatlies don't notice you. And co-op makes (almost) everything better."
76561198071176966,Recommended,239140,14272911,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Im not Mike,"Try to trun off the music in option setting,It would be soooooo scaryyyyyyyyyy"
,Recommended,239140,14272994,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Uganda,Once night time comes your shift and jump button will be broken11/10
,Recommended,239140,14273146,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,scoob,Awesomely addicting
,Recommended,239140,14273192,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Aephis,Learning Game Development Lessons from Dead Island: The Game
,Recommended,239140,14273480,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Reaper0351,"I thought this game was good... until I found a sword... then it became truly amazing. The first time you run up on two assault rifle armed dudes and cut them both in half with one blow... well... awesome. In the beginning it's a little rough. The weapons seem a little under-powered. But as you progress and unlock more abilities, the game really starts to shine. Anyway, I've put about 20 hours into it and am only about half way through, so there's definitely a lot of content. The games runs quite well on my decent machine, and I have yet to find any serious bugs. Going out at night is scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ as everyone else seems to agree. There are a surprising amount of indoor enviroments as well, which can be just as scary in there own way. To sum it all up, this game is definitely a must buy."
,Recommended,239140,14273586,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PH03N1X_4,"Just started Dying Light. This is actually my first take on a zombie survival game, as I've never really had an interest in the genre. The game seems pretty decent uptil now, although i haven't clocked many hours on it, so this might not be a very detailed review. I still haven't got to the day-night cycles, but have heard it gets really hectic once night time arrives. All I can say now is that crafting seems to be pretty solid, and scavenging is extremely important as your survival depends on it. Full review, once I clock some more hours on it. And yeah, for all you COD enthusiasts, don't expect a lot of firearms in this title, but nevertheless, that didn't stop me from buying this game, and hopefully shouldn't stop you too."
76561198056874010,Recommended,239140,14273791,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Straps,"Just to start off the game is amazing and I love it a lot, it's all I've been playing since it came out, but I desperately want to see the fps drops fixed. It's no fun getting taken out of the game to wait for it to catch up for 10-45 seconds. Looking forward to continued updates and future DLC for this game."
76561198117219792,Recommended,239140,14273811,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hidin,"So far after the patch came out ive been able to play this game much more easily and fluidly. i dont have the best specs (my graphics card is the lowest possible) and for single player story line this game is a solid 10/10The multiplayer however, is broken. Broken like a bedspring after a night of two fatties making delicious love. Being the zombie itself is way too hard. Now you may be saying ""oh but the zombie can 1hit the humans and blah blah blah"" well, try attacking one of them when all four of them have UV flashlights and all FOUR of them can 1 hit you. even a simple one on one can be harder on the side of the zombie if the player even has a modicum of knowledge on how to easily point a flashlight. Not to mention the spawning. GOOD GOD THE ♥♥♥♥ING SPAWN TIMER. If you die as the zombie you go to a blackscreen that shows you different tips and tricks and you wait there. For what feels like 30 hours. The survivors? they dont have to wait that long, maybe 10, 15 seconds at the most. Basicaly, when youre the zombie you ahve to be the absolute most perfect killing machine and extreme tactician and psychologist. Maybe if they fix the damage or the amount of UV light the humans get id give the multiplayer side a better review or you know, made weapons not able to one hit you or let you be able to run away better.TL;DR? Storyline 20/1 Multiplayer: Like carrying 20lbs of♥♥♥♥♥♥in a 5lb bag."
,Recommended,239140,14273822,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,GigaPulse,This game will be the master of all zombie games when it is done.#1 Its graphics are great and its atmospher is amazingly emersive#2 the game is fast pace and is vary enjoy abale#3 its leveling systeme is well done and makes you stay on your toes#4 It is not only has co op  it has competitive game playand last the only problem with the game the fps my gtx680 runs it at 25-30 fps  and when enter in quick time events and cut ceneses there is a long wate for them to start quick time events it takes 1min 30 to 2min and cut ceneses  its 4 to 5minand to make things worse after a quick time there is a major loss in fps apart from the the game play has no problems what so ever. If this puts you off buying the game watch for updates and buy it when the fps is more stable
76561198061407587,Recommended,239140,14274069,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Fatal,"Absolutly love this game! right when you start the game you just start to think ""Wait I just did that!"" Very fun to play with freinds. Only thing buggy i've seen about it is that walls sometimes appear out of thin air, and also the ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; that your Krane yells when you start a saved game. ""Be the zombie"" mode is very ballanced and at the same time very scary. Actually being the zombie is like conducting your own horror film! weapon system is very balanced and fun to play around with. Craftable weapons and mods alike for your creative/destructive imagination!All in all it is definetly worth 60$ as per the time this was created."
,Recommended,239140,14274179,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Zeroniite,"For the complaints I see about this game not running smoothly, they are mostly coming from AMD users.  For the AMD users who bought an AMD card expecting a high quality gaming experience, rethink your choices.  That's what happens when you put price over quality.The gameplay here is awesome.  You get a huge map that is very non-linear.  You can freeroam all you want, killing tons of zombies.  The free-running is done amazingly well.Tons of ways to upgrade your weapons to make slaying these zombies much more fun!  The skilltries also add to the fun of the game, such as making your freerunning skills improve the more you ""practice"" them.The Co-op is very fun, as well.  If you finish the game, go play with a friend that has it.  Or, try ""Be the Zombie"" mode and invade your friend!This game is well worth the price!"
76561198145162027,Recommended,239140,14276399,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Naierd BATIVII.LALEAGANE.RO,"This game is absolute madness. Played it 11 hours straight the first day i bought it, worths every penny.P.S: Don't buy it if you don't have friends"
76561198125676675,Recommended,239140,14276479,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LordFite,Finally a compelling story in a video game.  The first time in a long time that I have been addicted to the campaign of a game.  Reminds me of Half life 2 with some left for dead sprinkled in.
,Recommended,239140,14277497,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Streichholzschachtel,"Very realistic game in the way of running and jumping. Very dramatic plot. There are really very sad moments when any person dies. Everything is trully thought throught.There are still many bugs in the system of jumping adn in the actions ofmobs. They can stand on one and the same place and cry at you, but they do not attack you often.To sum up, it is intersting and exciting game. Recommend it to everyone."
76561198141346449,Recommended,239140,14277519,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Heavyweight,"This game is seriously good. Its been a long time since I've felt this good about a game.Its a great mixture of freerunning and survival. I'm sure you already know the premise of the game, so i'll talk about a few things.The graphics are awesome - ok there is some optimisation issues but I turned the shadows down a bit and its nearly unnoticeable. The game mechanics are great, free running is fluid and fun and the crafting and levelling is a nice addition. You can create things such as med kits, bombs, fire crackers etc. You can also upgrade weapons but as they don't last for ever (why?) I don't see much point.Overall, i'm really having fun with this one. Would absolutely recommend its really closing in on being in my top 5."
76561198002810780,Recommended,239140,14277743,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Charismatic Ogre,"The Parkour in this game is good enough for me to say that the amount of vertical navigation, be it through obstacles or just plain ol' traversing the map, should be a new kind of standard.  That's what I feel like when playing Dying Light; It's as if the type of freedom you get in this game had always been there.  The implication is so subtle, that, after a couple of days playing through this game, I forgot If I've ever really struggled accustomizing myself to this somewhat new way of just overall moving.  I'm glad It has that casual feel; referencing a game comparable to mirrors edge**:  What I mean by this is, I've played mirrors edge and Dying Light still made an impact to me like ""wow, this is great"".**albeit Mirrors edge did that parkour thing, it felt ""fustrating"" like, It's not moving how I want to move.  Mirrors Edge felt more to me like a ""hardcore"" game and incomplete.If I'd have to compare Dying Light with the common names of games people have been throwing out like, Mirrors Edge, Dead Island series;  they all felt incomplete next to Dying Light.The fear factor is so simple and a real good formula; that factor is ""immersion"".  Sure, you have zombies and other survivors to deal with; but that genuine scare you get when damn, something is around the corner and I may or may not  be able to kill it so...maybe I should run....  IF     you are into the scare factor of these types of games, you can't treat it like it is a game.  I feel respawning nowadays has desensitized us from feeling that natural high.  I would like a permadeath option to somewhat combat that jaded outlook because there is just so many things in this game that will definitely get you killed and that adrenaline is at many times, sweet.  Permadeath is practically why I like games like Dayz, It feels me with many moments and thoughts like            ex. I do not want to die right now, but I need to avenge my friend or travel buddy who was just sniped around the corner    ...oh wait he's not dead yet, but his legs are broke and might eventually bleed to death...                   ...what to do...       <---This is a different type of immersion from Dying Light and Dying Light is real close to making its own.I've played through the story and still feel like It this is the beggining.  I trully want moreside note:  Since the I see streams of AMD issues I feel responsible to mention it here.  the game has yet to be fully optimized and modding ""might"" be forever impossible on a ""Legit"" copy of Dying Light.  Although I do recommend the game, I cannot not leave it how other people veiw it's faults.  The community represents us as a whole and I am a part of that community."
,Recommended,239140,14249653,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,YiffMeHarderMommy,"Best zombie drop kick simulator. No gun? Weapon broken? No problem. Just drop kick a zombie: into other zombies, into walls, onto propane tanks, into spikes, off buildings.Warning, drop kicking special zombies is not only recommended, but the most effective way of getting killed, right next to missing a zombie when trying to kick it off a building."
,Recommended,239140,14278452,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,YusuF *TCTD,"A really intense game with an amazing storyline, really like the Co-Op system, totally worth buying it! :DP.S: If you people out there like modding games like Skyrim or Minecraft, then, well, um, I got nothing :P Don't buy it, if u don't like to play unmoddable games."
,Recommended,239140,14312833,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Weeder Greenthumb,Pretty fun game. Nice movement system and satisfying combat. I have to run on medium textures to get decent fps (<60) and it still dips below 30 fps in some areas and situations.System specs:-I5 2500k @ 4.6Ghz-Asus GTX 780-8Gb RAMI have latest nvidia drivers and patch for the game
76561198007367852,Recommended,239140,14232677,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,THE GREAT GREEK,just amanig horror game............
76561198036824129,Recommended,239140,14249168,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Johnston,ummmm lets see you have zombies mixed with some major running and climbing action mixed with survival and then ultimate survival during the night! Whats not to like? Game runs flawlessly on my rig completely maxed out! I have an I7 3820 and two gtx 970's in sli. The games visuals are beautiful and there are plenty of things to do to keep you busy!
,Recommended,239140,14228819,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Magician,"I've been hyped for this game, Im not going to lie, This game is what dead island wanted to be. If you enjoy a good survival zombie game, this is the game for you! 9/10 - IGN ""It was ok"""
76561198136409648,Recommended,239140,30498699,Posted: 13 March,all,Ju_the_ant,loved the game. mainly the vast number of weapons and definitely the parkour.Storyline was good and relatable (if you’re into post-apocalyptic and zombies).Haven’t had this much fun with a FPS in a long time!
,Recommended,239140,14212874,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,BigPingPapa,"If you are not playing this game you're living a sad life. Why are you reading this!? Go buy it right now! NOW!!!!After completing the game I still think your wasting your time reading this. Also mod support coming?! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥balls, grab my left nut and call me nancy! Im stoked like a crack head is on cocain! Wip out your wallet because it gonna get toung punched in the fart box! This here is a wild ride!"
76561198150599679,Recommended,239140,14317852,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Reckford,the game in unreal but ive been having a problem. i use an xbox 360 controller and the LT doesnt work on this game. i can play other games and it works so i know its not the controller. if any one has any info please help. thanks.
76561197973997469,Recommended,239140,14215976,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[USA] Vic Rattlehead,"Does not work on Fedora 21 (Linux), AMD FX 8350, 16G RAM, nVidia GTX 660 Ti.Showed splash screen for ~750ms, black screen for maybe 5 minutes, intro video, black screen with text explaining that it autosaves, finally HARD CRASH of the entire OS, not just X.  Quite a feat in Linux.  Congrats!Update: It now works on Fedora 21, AMD.  I only played for a little bit, but it seemed to work OK so far.  I will try tweaking the settings later."
76561198117773379,Recommended,239140,14297288,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MuffinManeater,"Good Story, Good Combat, Good Graphics, Good Playerbase, Poor Ending, Poor Leveling System, Weak Zombies(At Survivor Rank 25, Max Level)= Good Game, it just needs the work I believe Techland will give it.Rating: 8/10 wouldn't buy again because I already have a copy BUY YOUR OWN DAMN COPY!!!Have fun ;)"
,Recommended,239140,14266406,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Iseirious,"EDIT: a patch have reduced the amount of FPS drops i get and the severity of them, making it close (but not completely) to inexistant, due to this patch, its enough to give the game a reccomendation.however... motion sickness is still there, even after turning on the crosshair (i like playing without) and turning FoV to max, it still persist to give me headaches and make me nauseous after about 15-60 minutes of playing. But its clear, the FoV settings and crosshair have reduced the severity of the motion sickness by quite a margin.as it stands, dont try a cross-city run if you struggle with motion sickness, do some walking now and then, and stop to loot things, that will reduce the amount of camera shaking.First thing first, i would really like to reccomend the game, but there is 2 problems with the game that im really struggling with.First problem is not as severe but hopefully will be fixed with a patch:the game has servere FPS drops for me at certain intervals, the game freezed for about a minute, only getting 1-3 frames during this period, along with sound to inform me that the game is still running. then it goes back to normal, and it takes a little while before it happens again.The second problem is quite severe: I played for about an hour and got a bit sick, thought it was lack of food and water so i dealt with that and tried to play some more, helped a little while, then i got sick again. The game has issues with causing motion sickness, and in my case, i was left up all night with a splitting headache and vomiting. this is something that should really be fixed or at least accomodated for.TL;DR: Freezes and motion sickness."
,Recommended,239140,14260643,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,|I LUCIO I|,"07/02/2015 11:17amSome random update happened last night and it downloaded  2 things onto my pc. It made a slight differance but when I checked the game says there was no update, but one definetly happened.Still waiting for that AMD update: 8/10My score will change with Dying Light updates!06/02/2015 9:58pmA few days ago a update for Dying Light came out and I was so excited to play the game, but when I checked the update it was fixing the same problem for Nividia gamer, but not us AMD gamers. This really upset me because, why did they not give out the AMD and the Nividia update at once? I now have 17hrs on the game but still having trouble enjoying it because of it playing in slow motion. Anyway the Nividia update really dissapointed me but I am still excited for the next update with the AMD fix! My score now: 8/10The score will change in the AMD update!31/01/2015 2:51pmThe game won't run on AMDs yet but they are going to fix that. Even though the game runs in slow motion I still have 11hrs on this game. My graphics card is a AMD Radeon HD 8550g. which is better than the NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 780 and the AMD Radeon™ R9 290. But like I said the game is really great so if I were you I would get it now! Also if you have trouble enjoying the story the game is really open world with a lot to do so, yeah! My score until I see that AMD update: 8.5/10The score will change once the update is out!"
76561198046335720,Recommended,239140,14658666,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,arcticblack,"Yesterday I decided to buy the game, and I was playing for a couple hours. It works quite well.It is true that it has some frame drops, but it is just for a second or so and ONLY when there are lots of zombies moving around. I hope they will keep releasing patches to fix it, as it is annoying. Other than this, it is ok.The game is ALL high but the shadows, if I set the shadows on High, then it works slowly, but I think it is because the GPU cannot do it better.My specs.AMD 6 Cores12Gb Ram 1333ASUS 750 Strix 2GbIt works well with AMD+Nvidia... at least for me."
76561197973620460,Recommended,239140,14659185,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Matty,"Playing on INTEL i5-4590Nvidia Gefore GT 6358 GB Ram50"" TV as monitorI'm 3/4 of the way through the game. Still pretty excited to keep playing. I've done most of the side quests already as I'm saving the ending for a bit.Overall it's pretty fun. Obviously it's not a very in depth story as your'e mainly survivng from zombies and gathering items but what more could you expect. I think the story flows pretty well for what it is.As for performance, with the system listed above I had to take the resolution down to the minimum for my tv (1920x760) and turn the texture quality all the way down, view distance down to 25%, turn off depth of field and all the special options to make it playable. I havent checked the framerate but its definitely below 60, but above 30 for sure. Only time it bogs down was for a few of the quests where there was a ton of fire, but only really 2 or 3 spots so far. Overall I would still reccomend playing this game with a similar setup, only burning 30 zombies with 5 molotov cocktails and running up to fight them with a knife is gonna bog your system, if you play smartly you can avoid the bog down altogether by keeping some distance from fire.There are lots of cool stabbing weapons in this game, other than that, you wont really find too many interesting weapons. Mostly pipes, boards, bats, cleavers, swords, knives, sickles, machetes... etc. Guns are only useful for killing other humans who have guns. Guns aren't fun to use except on annoying zombies like the spitting, exploding, and concrete re-bar carrying zombies... but I found myself using more homemade explosives and throwing stars for more fun.I wish they would have made more swinging techniques in this game. Although, you can cut up a zombie any way possible, even head to ♥♥♥-crack. You can chop arms off, legs off, heads off, torso off. You do get to learn lots of movement techniques that do keep it interesting, like a slideing kick, drop kick, ground stomping, and a few other neat tricks to keep your zombie killing combinations alive.Many people dont like weapon damage. I think its cool, theres SO MANY WEAPONS in this game you'll never run out. I think I broke a few good weapons at the start and repaired them to the limit but shortly after I had a HUGE ABUNDANCE in my stash and I didnt have to worry about money again. Just make sure you repair before you bust into an outpost!Sometimes the parkour climbing is sticky, but overall it performs well. Even though I have a grappling hook you still need to parkour to up your level, and its still fun!I have NOT played multi-player yet so I cannot comment on that. I want to play through the entire game first and get a feel for things.I haven't played a lot of other zombie games besides counterstrike zm/ze mod so I do not know how it compares to other games.Overall, I reccomend that you buy this game, run it to your tv, turn out 90% of the lights and have a go. The best part is the first time you run out of your safe zone at night with your rusty gas pipe to see what a volatile looks like...."
,Recommended,239140,22905396,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rogelio,Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a zombie with a baseball bat.
,Recommended,239140,30785966,Posted: 27 March,all,Mister_Bucket,"This game was a great experience. It's the game that I had hoped Dead Island would be, and given it's production history, that makes sense. I loved the gameplay, I loved the freedom, and I loved the palpable shift between enemies going from feared to hunted. The ending of the primary campaign was really just the worst part of the game, without spoiling anything the game just handicaps you for no reason and the end fight was not, well, climactic. But the ending of a story does not undermine the journey it took you on so ultimately I still loved this game. I threw almost 50 hours at it without touching the DLC, and I will come back to it again I am sure."
76561198011880981,Recommended,239140,23309699,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Terdboy,AWESOME STUFF ZOMBIES not overdone tripe tho
76561198116617627,Recommended,239140,14804391,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Duranakin,Its kind of like the morning after new years eve. Except you have an electric machete. And rabies.
,Recommended,239140,23319817,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MowSlow,Sooooo good.
76561198128305531,Recommended,239140,23277648,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,SlimCharles,"One of my favorite games.... I keep coming back to it every month or so and with the legend system, you can make your dude totally bad♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198069375791,Recommended,239140,23328775,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,kahlez80,The best zombi game was i played in 2015.Le meilleur jeu de zombi que j'ai jouer en 2015.
76561197961168458,Recommended,239140,23240615,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Luftwaffles,"Didn't think I would like this game. I'm a big fan of the State of Decay/RPG/Management type games. However, this game completely surprised me. I've played Dead Island, but I like open-world games more. This game scratched that itch perfectly. My best advice is to begin the game on Hard difficulty. It's going to reeeeaaaaaallllly suck for about 10 hours. But I think it adds a lot of valuable nuance to the game. When you have to stand over another human being (Rais' men) and focus on beating them directly in the head with a bricklayer's hammer time and time again til they stop moving, it really disturbs you LOL. Lots of loot! And nighttime is TERRIFYING without minimap icons."
76561198010743274,Recommended,239140,23290566,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,deathincarnate2,good game still has bugs no good single player gets real tough on nightmare still trying mostly can't get enough houshold supplies for nades can't figure out how to light dynamite just need to do the big guys and the volitile nests and im done love it but need to complete it. hate when they go tft teen with the oversized enemies.
,Recommended,239140,23270671,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,COP TUU,My best game ever .
,Recommended,239140,23285109,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MumenRider15515,"movement wasnt on the same level as mirrors edge but you gotta hand it to them, its pretty dang good for an open world"
,Recommended,239140,23424819,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nobinobi,Hardcore Parkour + Zombies
,Recommended,239140,23442255,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,JANMODOK,"Really fun game. I really enjoy the weapon mechanics, from customising weapons with fiyaa, to the fact that they break over time. Perfect way to kill a few hundred hours."
76561198014354817,Recommended,239140,23446890,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[SMG] Master Control,"Awesome game, the best Zombie gare around"
76561197993035573,Recommended,239140,23439196,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,GREGOREO,Brilliant game - very addictiveRuns well on Ubuntu Mate
,Recommended,239140,23546027,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Invisible Divide,"A truly immersive experience. The way the mechanics are taught, and how it slowly adds elements is seamless. The game teaches the player to play things cleverly instead of running in like Rambo. Instead the player is forced to sneak around, be aware of their surroundings and to pick engagements carefully. Trying to lock pick a chest while zombies are nearby can be nerve-racking.The complex surroundings and the sounds help the game escape the flatness of the computer monitor.  Pick your fights carefully on top of a building and worry just as much about your weapon wearing out as your weary protagonist…. And then feel the satisfaction of surviving one more night."
76561198044691757,Recommended,239140,23571339,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Furrior,"I would 100% recommend this game to anyone wondered what game to buy next.The open world, gameplay and storyline are excellent, which keep you busy for hours. The variety of quests which are available is brilliant and the combat system is fun.Being able to customise weapons is a fun touch, allowing you to add extra damage when weilding an electrofied machete! The graphics are beautiful and you can find yourself just admiring the views when you scale the side of a tower.The parkour this game provides is generally really fun with very minor issues, occassionally. It makes for an interesting game when trying to find a safe hopuse at night, and will genuinely have you fearing for your life!10/10 for zombie killing."
76561198063465268,Recommended,239140,23568655,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ssmb 92,"As a big fan of the Dead Island games (played on PS3), I was originally told that this game wasn't all it was cut out to be, so I didn't buy it. Seen it on special one day and decided to have a go. WTF was I thinking. Should have bought it on day one. Being an experienced PC player I jumped straight into Nightmare mode (I think just ""hard"" mode before The Following) and let me tell ya the first 10 hours or so of play I was absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself at night. I gained that many levels just attempting to get somewhere at night, before I even achieved anything.Let me sum it up for you: The GFX are great, the movement and parkour are as fluid as water, the combat is fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic, the lockpicking system leaves Skyrim and Fallout for shame, the crafting is wicked, the weapons are brutal, animations are A-class and the sense of progression is really good...Until you hit max level. It's so easy to burn up hours in this game, it's just soooo much fun. For me, as a fan of first-person, this game defines zombie games, and it will be hard for me to play any others. But in saying this, it can get very repetitive after a while, and you find yourself hating/raging over certain enemies. This is a good thing, a game that doesn't bring out a passionate response from it's player is boring in my eyes.This game is like GTA5 for me, great game to spend a lot of time getting the plot done and completing your character, then drop completely and just come back to for a bit of fun later on. No obligations, just pure gaming pleasure. I see no reason not to give this game a 10/10. Enjoy."
,Recommended,239140,23567339,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sir.Mike,COOL GAME ZOMBIE EVER !!!
76561198117709315,Recommended,239140,23257736,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Knegarn,The best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,239140,14330841,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mortem,"7/10Pros: The game has a pretty fluid parkour system. I kinda miss side wall running from mirror's edgh but you can wall run straight up walls at least. Weapons feel like they pack a punch. Fun to slice or smash enemy's. Night was interesting as the volatile actually can kill you. ( if you suck or is to low lvl ) As you level you gain many active abillity's and new ways to get around, also new attacks so its not as much as 10% more dmg with that as it is learn entire new attacks to slam people of roofs or twist there neck by finishing them from behind. The story is quite good as well, At least main story.Cons: Zombie become to easy to quick, Even the volatiles are quite killable with ease after some time. And you after a while dont even care if it's night or day, you just run and gun/slice anything. Airdrops which i thought was gona be a major thing is just a XP package and the same loot over and over so you end up having 1000 of them all, so you after some time dont care.Biggest problem: I was looking forward to the Zombie hunter mode, but its pathetic, The humans have more health and do more dmg then you. You only got one good attack and that is a pounch that you only can do if you have full energy. That the player humans drain after having a UAV light on you for 0.01 Sec and leaves you in the end without anyway of of defending yourself. I find myself invading my friend trying over and over but both him and random people tend to just hunt me as the big XP pinata you have become.They got more HP, More dmg, Can stop your best attack with a starting item they got infinity off. If it runs out they got flares that do the same. If you camp, they rush hives, if you go after them, they kill you. If you get one of them they spawn back in 2 sec. If they kill you, 10 sec. So more or less you die then they will get a hive that you got 5 off. So yea 5 chances. you can lvl up to earn some cool abillity's. So if your willing to lose and lose and lose untile the losing xp stacks up for a lvl. Or join a friend and have him let you feed on him for free xp. Then you wont get them. But when you got them it becomes a bit eaiser. Problem is that the only good thing you get are 2 spits, One that summon insta kill horde if they go near but the horde can't climb so you rarely see them get killed by them. Or a UAV suppressor that turns of the lights. But both only last like 10 seconds and it sometimes can take longer to even recharge your stamina. And this is against 1 person. your normaly have to go against 4.. Did i mention this spit have a very small radius. Sure they can get stuck to people. If you hit them. But also get stuck to every prop or piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥metal wire container box that is in the way. And they got just an inch of plastic betwen themself and it or 2 meters radius which they can get in the matter of a second. THey wont be affected. And recharging back this spits requires over a minute of waiting. Or dying. both means losing a hive. More or less, your losing one either way as soon as your out of spit. You can roar to see where enemy's are. but that gives away your postion. But as the enemy have a hunter sense as well that dont give out any signal so you dont know if they done it, but it wont matter as they got 1 second cooldown on it and can spam it and it shows exactly where you are within 50-100m depending if they spam it every 1 second or 5 seconds. Have fun with that.I know I'm raging, and people may say i just suck at being a hunter. But I been invaded so many time and 49/50 times i win. as the hunter dont got anything to put to the table. There plainly weak, Idiotic and only got 1 certain way to get kills that already is easy to counter.If your buying the game  for the game as human then go for it. I had many hours of fun with it. but if you buying it to play a bad♥♥♥♥♥hunter to ♥♥♥♥ with people, don't as your skin is paper and your claws are plastic."
,Recommended,239140,15051014,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,saalem,"Dying Light is one of the best games I've played and by far the best game within the last year. This isn't just ""another zombie game"", this is a very unique game in itself and definitely THE best zombie game. The parkour/running mechanics are fast and fluid and the combat is fun and can get intense. The crafting system is fun and there are plenty of varieties to to choose from.The game puts you on edge when it starts nearing dusk, and when the sun goes down is when the game gets really scary and ups the ante. At night time, this game is one of the only games where I genuienly am scared and full of anxiety.As for performance...the game can be demanding the higher the graphical settings are, and favors Nvidia GPU's and features Nvidia's Gameworks technologies such as DoF, HBAO+, etc... The game is actually optimized pretty well and the graphics and environment are beautiful indeed. The game runs silky smooth for me at 2560x1440, all settings maxed with vsync enabled and doesn't drop below 60 fps.Do yourself a favor and pick up this game and be ready to have a blast. I highly recommend this game*My setup: i7 3770k @ 4.2 Ghz, 16 GB 1866, 2x EVGA 780 ti SC SLI, SSD*"
,Recommended,239140,15052043,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sir_Loin,fun
,Recommended,239140,15052258,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,JamesTownBrown,"Bloody Hell this is fun, brutal physics and hilarious antics, i'd have to say this is the BEST zombie game i've ever played. Good job Techland. i'd shake you hand if i could. hours and hours of replayablility and then theres co-op multiplay, the open map lets you do what you want reguardless of anyone else and the night hunter mode is challenging and fun. 20/10 would play all the time."
76561198021051195,Recommended,239140,15053309,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,CaptCuddles92,overall it works good and plays great has an ok story most of the fun is in killing zombies
,Recommended,239140,15053412,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Elusive,The Dying Light world is scary but it is also pretty. So pretty that I wouldn't mind spending my vacation there but then it's also scary so I don't know if I would want to spend my vacation there but it is really pretty. This is a fine Zombie game. The best. It's scary and it's pretty.
,Recommended,239140,15053428,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,wash a car,"It's fun but hard to game,   good game:)"
,Recommended,239140,15053675,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MrSleepy,"I enjoyed this game, I feel like the multiplayer could be better balanced and more interesting in general, maybe a few more game modes? I definitely enjoyed how the gameplay feels. The actual story is a little bit better then say far cry 3 and the sidequests feel more fleshed out as well. I would have liked even more side quests but you can't have everything can't wait to see the mods for this in the future I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,239140,15054053,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Dibla,I really recommend this game .
,Recommended,239140,15055555,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lucifer.,"SingleplayerPros: Amazing storyline, kept me busy for hours on end at the edge of my seatCons: The story stops at nearly finding a cure. I'd like to find the cure at 100% completion and start injecting some zombies with antizin/cure to gain useful allies or followers. If not, then ones that give you rank points for saving.New traps would be nice as well. I mean, there's fence, light, spike and car traps, but I'd like to see traps that hang them by their feet or ones that trap them in a secluded area (a cage).MultiplayerPros: You meet a lot of cool people, they give you strong weapons, community is 90% chill and laid back.Cons: You meet quite a few cheaters. The only ones that aren't laid back and cool are usually foriegners(not from USA), but most of the time, the cheaters are just there to help you out.In general: Extremely fun game, kept me busy for just about 130 hours - especially since after I played it in normal mode, hard mode was a lot more difficult the next time around. Amazing storyline, easy to follow but I reccommend having knowledge of where your keyboard keys are without looking, because it's not something you want to look away from... Not fun to have a volatile or viral on your neck if you're inexperienced. I'd say stay out of the darkness until you have a weapon that deals over 1000 damage.Overall, 9/10 experience. If you want a game that's finished AND still being worked on, has amazing graphics with no issues (at least not on my end) then BUY THIS YESTERDAY!!! (that means as soon as possible, because it's f**king awesome."
76561198051816108,Recommended,239140,15055839,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Zelithos,is gud
76561198064585319,Recommended,239140,15011048,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kott,"This game is pretty epic! There is only a few things that kind of bug me - how quickly melee weapons break and that they only have a limited number of repairs, and the fact that your character is a bit too much of an uber bad♥♥♥♥♥ Things like jumping sideways from ledge to ledge is just kind of ridiculous, but hey, thats not too much of a big deal. Also, unlockable abilities like ground pound and such are also a bit outrageous but its very easy to look past those.One thing Id really like to see is a single player only mode, similar to other games like Halo, CoD, etc. If you hit a check point and die or quit the game, you restart at the same spot you were and what ever state the world was in is retained - enemies and items do not respawn. Or just allow player to save when ever they feel like, same as Stalker and such.Over all, however, this game is extremely enjoyable. I love that you always have the choice to fight your way through or evade enemies, the day/night, relatively safe/almost suicide cycle is also great, you can level up which ever way you want to fit your style. There is a lot of exploration to do, you can choose to plan your day when you go out and try to complete missions, or just run around and see what happens and explore.Even though there are things that kind of annoy me, I think this game is worth the pretty high price."
76561197983786596,Recommended,239140,15012489,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,iDig- Candy,"take all the fun and good stuff from all the zombie games out there put it together, shake well, add some ice and enjoy Dying Light.Maybe a base building element is missing a little but still its 12/10 in my book. Well worth its price.P.S. it has its glitches and funky dying moments where youre like omgwtfsrsly u must be kidding me but hey nobody is perfect. Nothing beats the rush when youre smashing zombie heads for the whole (game) night with 3 friends and recieve a crap load of survivor points as the sun comes up and the plaza is full of little loot bags.. :o)"
76561198013860121,Recommended,239140,15016590,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kitharos,"This is definitely one of the best games I've played in a while. The story is interesting and keeps you feeling involved. The parkour adds so much to the game in terms of movement and combat. I couldn't really imagine playing without it. The multiplayer is phenomenal. Overall, it's a fantastic game and I would recommend it to anyone."
76561198009505358,Recommended,239140,15092153,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ItsOnlyAGame,"Without a doubt... without any doubt whatsoever, this title is the standard bearer for ALL (both 1st person and 3rd person) zombie action/zombie survival games ever made! (And quite possibly, DL has redefined what should be expected of ALL FPS's - I hope so).I can elaborate on the minutiae of this title's immersive, but I'll digress and refer all to LadyAijou's review - it's a very thorough review. (Athough, Techland's a** can be kissed from here to Tibet and it would still not speak for the excellence of this title, seriously!)Do buy it, it's worth it at its release price and definitely any other!"
,Recommended,239140,15093247,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CreativeName,"The Campaign is fun, however easy, and is a very nice option for people looking for a sandbox zombie game. However, I have to say the game is just lacks a great deal of fun when played alone and the game does no little to zero effort of changing any difficulty or loot depending on how many friends are with you. Even with three friends, all of the cutscenes pretend they dont exist, but require all of them to be present to continue which can break immersion for some. The combat and mods feel nice and very similiar to Dead Island (Some animations and infected are outright ripped) and flow well with the parkour the game relies heavily on.THE PARKOUR HOWEVER tends to be extremely inconsistant at lower levels, where sometimes you wont make a jump you've made several times without any real reason, and other occasions the animations will be slightly delayed or not happen at all. I encountered numerous times where there was a type of ledge I knew I could grab onto from past experience, and the game will simply not register it as grab-able. However, when the parkour does work out, It can be extremely fun to zip and vault around the seemingly endless city and explore its many secrets.As for ""Be the Zombie Mode""  It still needs a ton of work, as there can only ever be one ""hunter"" in a match, and even having two humans can be extremely unfair for you, let alond four. If this wasn't bad enough, I encountered many players who had mods that allowed then see where I was even when I was outside of survivor sense, and others that would seem to be able to UV Flash me while already in their death animation. I expect this to be patched in the near future however, since the game is only just beginning to spread its wings in the world if Mods."
,Recommended,239140,15098236,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ohmygod,"Crazy massive amount of zombies and that PARKOUR! <3Night time is my favourite in this game, too awesome."
,Recommended,239140,15100376,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mr.SnowMonster,"Ever dreamt about zombies, blood, masacre, killings an loads of fun? this is the game. at first it was impossible. then it was not so impossible. then you learned how to play and it got easier. and then you get a f-ing sword that cut limbs off bodies. 666/10"
76561197972368652,Recommended,239140,15101099,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ZarBoneD,"This game's inital impression is one that sticks with you through out the game, and this is ""Amazing"". Even when you are being chased across half the map by pack of blood thirsty and you miss and jump you thought you could make, you realize your still having fun, even though you just died."
,Recommended,239140,15024190,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Morgan-51445,"i will admit that the campian was very cliché, and i hope that you wont wait until the next game to countinue the story. But campain aside, this is possibly my most played/favorite zombie game out there. Even though i have a bad pc, the game runs relitivly smooth. I would like to give a huge thanks to all the people at techland and say best wishes for the future!!!"
,Recommended,239140,15056284,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Dipcrack,"Easily one of the best zombie games I've ever played.  Not to mention the best looking.  Stunning graphics, intriguing and fullfilling storyline, great voice acting and very good gameplay mechanics.  Werth.Side note: Played the entire game with a friend in coop.  Doesn't take away from the campaign, excellect multiplayer."
,Recommended,239140,15056973,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,☞ Pwnstar ♔ BananaKing ☜,"Best damn zombie game I've ever played.  Played Left 4 Dead, then L4D2 and said love it..... Played Dead Island, and H1N1 and Killing Floor, and Day Z and this game by far out performs in visual, gameplay, and experience....... buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥and play through with a friend for the best time of your zombie head smashin life!!!"
76561198010996699,Recommended,239140,15059731,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Venomous Spyder,"AMAZING game!  I played it incessantly when it first dropped, and I was intrigued with the combat system, the freerunning, the weapon modifications as well as the grappling system.  The 'hunter' enemies and their aversion to light was a great twist, and the game really kept you on your toes.  Facing human enemies was also a truly frightening experience the first few times.  If you like zombie games and ESPECIALLY if you liked Dead Island, check this game out."
76561198066921750,Recommended,239140,15077676,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lucille,Good night...good luck !!!
,Recommended,239140,15078966,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Crashezz,"Very fun game, the parkour aspect makes it much more fun than the original Dead Island, weapons are good but not a whole lot of different types/combos but there is enough to keep it different. I liked the story dispite everyone saying it was rubbish (at least he is a trained military spy type and not some random Joe finding himself in the middle of a Zombie Apocalypse).Recommended!"
76561198014899404,Recommended,239140,15181993,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Francisco Bot,"The most exciting zombie game I have played ever!Great atomsphere, you can run through buildings on the fly! The best parkour game after Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,239140,15293058,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DrumEnvy,"Dying light is a fantastic game and the people who worked on this game should be proud of the outcome. They brought together two things that I have been craving for years, Parkour and complete zombie annihalation. As well as a well done storyline, this game has kept the best of dead island components and upped them, for example, weapons and skills. I congratulate all the people who have created this game, they have created a revolution in survival gaming."
76561198046534579,Recommended,239140,15220323,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Abyss Matthews,"I must say I really enjoyed this game! It took me a bit of time to get to grips with the tactics and movement abilities, but once i did, moving around the city seemed effortless and the combat was rewarding.The freerunning is probably the main selling point for this game and it must be the only game that actually does it properly. The movements are seemless, the animations fit every situation and there are no awkward jumps or glitches where you 'auto-grab' a ledge that you actually missed or somethinng. As you progress, the agility skills make it ever easier and more fun, as at the start you do feel like a bit of a rookie.The combat system is visceral and exciting. It's nice to see real time damage to enemies' bodies, I know it's been done well before but nevertheless it's a nice addition here. The one thing I would like is deeper weapon customisation, beyond simply adding elemental effects and buffs. Say combining multiple weapons, like in dead rising, perhaps not as ridiculous, but I feel it could be done effectively in a way that fits with the realistic nature of the game. And firearm sustomisation would be great! adding attachments that you find and could get weapon-smiths to craft or something. Just a thought.As for the story, I felt it was interesting and engaging, if a little cliche in places.Where this game really stands out is immersion, you really feel as if you are in Harran, and as such you can engage with it so much more. It's scary in the right places, mainly with excellent sound and lighting, it really keeps you in the edge of your seat.To conclude, I thoroughly enjoyed the game and would recommend any fps/ survival/ rpg fan to try it. I'm already looking forward to the DLC and will definitely be getting all of it!9/10"
,Recommended,239140,15223930,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Heathen,This game is great with deateils and balance figthing mechanics. what i dont like is the coop because you can only connect with certain areas.
76561198079332535,Recommended,239140,15227381,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BrianBash,7.8/10 too much water - IGN
,Recommended,239140,15550386,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kong,I like punches things
76561197994567409,Recommended,239140,15592634,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Donavan,"Dont believe the Minimum Requirements they say you need to play this game, the following is what my system is and i run it on medium quality...Great game BTW!!!!Operating SystemWindows 7 Home Premium 64-bit SP1CPUIntel Core 2 Quad Q9550 @ 2.83GHz	57 °CYorkfield 45nm TechnologyRAM8.00GB Dual-Channel DDR2 @ 399MHz (6-6-6-18)MotherboardDell Inc. 0GM819 (CPU)GraphicsAcer P216HL (1280x1024@60Hz)1024MB ATI AMD Radeon HD 6570 (MSI)	40 °CStorage232GB Western Digital WDC WD2500YS-18SHB1 ATA Device (SATA)	31 °C931GB Seagate ST1000DM003-9YN162 ATA Device (SATA)	33 °COptical DrivesATAPI DVD A DH16A6L-C ATA DeviceDTSOFT Virtual CdRom DeviceAudioAMD High Definition Audio Device"
,Recommended,239140,15598945,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DemonX,"This is what that junk Dead Island should of been. Better crafting, better weapons, and better skills. The story line is meh and fun. ANyone who says the Assassin Creed like parkour system isn't well done...well they aren't doing it right. I have no issues. Trick is sometimes you have to look at what you aiming for with your crosshairs. Nearly everything logically grabable is. The day and Night dangers/time shift make the game harder and more fun. Night time is more dangerous and comes with a few new and more deadily infected. This should be on your list of games to buy or you suck at life and should uninstall steam right now."
76561198031277200,Recommended,239140,15294457,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,BanzaiBob,Love the game. Have ordered a new graphics card though...
,Recommended,239140,14291989,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Noice,"Fantastic game! took me 21 hours to beat the story(with a fair amount of goofing around)Night time is genuinely scary as hell in the lower levels, and still thrilling even after i reached level 12 in all three skill treesnew skills keep the game interesting whether you're level one, or nearly 2410/10 would wait till morning"
,Recommended,239140,14292445,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ferny,"Dying Light?More likeeverybody dying...Great game overall, just finished the story mode. Ending Boss fight was extremely easy, but it's meant for the story not gameplay at that point. Highly recommend this game... It was great!"
76561198070695850,Recommended,239140,14292524,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Reaper1865,"Did you like Far Cry 3? Do you like zombies? Did you enjoy Dead Rising? And most important do you love Parkour? If you answered yes to the above buy the damn game and kill some zombies. The game isn't original in any aspect but its still fun and enjoyable, the story is filled with cliches and does know when to sit back and laugh at itself. All in all its worth a good 40 ish hours of entertainment so get to chopping those zombies in half."
76561197967594010,Recommended,239140,14292724,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,AMoney,"Very entertaining game that satisfied my zombie apocalypse slaughterhouse needs. It was a fun journey from being scared to death of the beginning slow zombies, to running through the night from the impossible zombies, to then becoming their worst nightmare as I became the horror they should be running from in the night.Ending mechanics (the very end) were surprising and kind of a let down but overall was very fun.Was worth the money to me, came in at around 20 hours for 60 bucks. So if you feel 3 bucks an hour to satiate your zombie craving, pick this up."
76561198047688857,Recommended,239140,14292752,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fallen Phoenix,"this is one of the best made games i have played in a long time. good story line, game play. 5 stars from me. nothing like this games in its class."
76561198171061974,Recommended,239140,14293145,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Delvecchio97,doing this for the badge
,Recommended,239140,15933587,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Spooky Skeleton,good game. Laggy would reccomend noobs to get as much loot and scavenge all the time. Helps so much long run
76561198016064787,Recommended,239140,15933974,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,They all Float,One of the best games to date.A++
76561198033022012,Recommended,239140,15934134,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ryan Schneider eats ass,This game has loads of swag and zombies errywhere. You can get sickkkk weapons and kill bad people that try to kill you for some reason. Like omg i got shot in the game once and had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198115681120,Recommended,239140,15962602,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,2BeAss,"This is one of the best zombie games, especialy if you are a chicken like me, but still wanna play zombie games xD"
,Recommended,239140,15965915,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,cornbread.,"Great game with seemingly endless hours of Zed decapitation.  This is easily one of the greatest survival zombie games to date.  While the mechanics seem to make the game less about survival and more about hacking limbs of the dead, the story pulls through with in depth characters.  Each of whom seem to have a unique background."
76561198006392024,Recommended,239140,15965926,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Strychnine,"Awesome game !!   Very few games keep me coming back to play after a few weeks. This is one you will never get tired of.  Amazing graphics and engaging story!   Just buy it now, you won't be sorry !"
,Recommended,239140,15966420,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/MoonMittenz t(^.^t),This game came outta left field and blew me away very well optimized for pc...and if you have a alienware the alien fx are really sweet wish more games would do that
76561197972404537,Not Recommended,239140,15966726,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Blanketfort,Lifeless by design. Lifeless in play.
,Recommended,239140,15967351,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Donovan U 3C-197,This game is an amazing first person parkour/zombie survival game. It is so much fun and so good but now.... There is a steam workshop!!! That is an amazing improvment to the game!
76561198001179934,Recommended,239140,15595699,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Unnamed soul,"Holy reishi mushroom a good game on steam!I get 17fps steady ( average) if anyone is wondering : on a i5 4200 Dell notebook AMD Radeon 8670MIt is quite choppy on the frame rate i knew it but i bought it anyway.VERY OPTIMISED GAME!Definitely recommend it. And i am not sure how messed up some people's system can be if they complain about fps drop. Maybe you need to take care of your PC cause my rig is a notebook and yea I get 20 fps (30 if i am inside somewhere and there is no fire etc.) max but i would buy it again.The story is great. movement is great. crafting is pretty good. scary as♥♥♥♥♥i had to turn on some lights in the house at night. main npcs are beautifuly modelled.Friendly notice to steam, you need to add another thumb up button but make it a purple thumb cause this one is epic."
,Recommended,239140,15637282,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,"Ólíver ""Lucky Charms"" Hólm","its a good game and all that. BUT im stuck on a mission were you have to fight tons of guys with hammers, showels, guns e.t.c and all my weapons are broken. Like how am i supposed to kill all them with a broken hammer?. i dont like it."
,Not Recommended,239140,15641688,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Intrepid Varmint,"lI wanted to lke this game. There are lots of things to like about it. You can see a lot of those in the trailer for the game; it does a good job of creating a horror atmosphere. I finished it twice, but yelled at the screen and cursed the developers a lot and left frustrated and unsatisfied.Dying Light makes some unforgivable mistakes. Most importantly, it is completely disrespectful of the player. My rating drops down to 3/5 just for its use of Quick Time Events. Then add in the 'think fast rabbit' tricks they pull with unwinnable situations and its down to 2/5. Now top it all off with unplayable character classes - it looks like there are many, but only one is really viable - hack and slash with edged weapons. Maybe Borderlands 2 just set the bar too high on re-playability and interesting character classes. Poor ol' Techland just couldn't keep up. So here we are at a 2/5 rating and I dont even need to talk about the annoying graphics performance, nerfing for boss fights, patronizing save and respawn, and other minor gripes.Too bad. Could have been a really good game and a good franchise if they had respected the player more (er, at all)."
,Recommended,239140,30493725,Posted: 13 March,all,[T.M.G.]Anarchist(CL),"I wish I could get this for free..... I beat the original game.... I want like... A Prestige... I Love This Game, I Base My Youtube Channel Off Of It - Btw, my name on youtube is ""Sgt Socprio"" and my profile pic is also a volatile.. If the creators see my review, please continue the Dying Light series! I have never played a game more striking, the story is fantastic, Techland is polish and so am I, lol funny. XDBest Regards- Sgt"
,Recommended,239140,15151250,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Decoy,An amazing game if you like to grind out a lot of side missions to unlock you talent trees. After you get all of your abilities this game really starts to shine. Definitely a step up from Dead Island. Good job Techland!
,Recommended,239140,15151720,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Squirrel,soo good
,Recommended,239140,26254981,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,you,"Over 200 hours, pretty good game."
,Recommended,239140,26236672,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Raspica Blue,"You can fall 100 meters and land on a car roof and take no damage at all, but you can perfectly dodge an incoming heavy rebar and take massive damage from the air next to it.Other than that, it's a pretty good game. The map isn't lifeless, unlike Mirror's Edge Catalyst."
,Recommended,239140,25956022,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Dead Island had good trailers but ended up being terrible, luckily it was pretty obvious. When this came out I assumed much the same, hearing nothing too great. Whatever's happened between then and now, clearly the devs have fixed and added a bit. Parkour mechanics are at the heart of this game, where in Dead Island it was a gruelingly slow brawl through hordes. If anything isn't fun in my experience, its killing tons of bulletsponges with weapons that constantly break.RPG mechanics are very much part of this game but you receive xp specifically for each of the three skill trees. Weapons degrade a bit fast but you can practically repair them in a second, the moment they break and at the press of a button without having to go into any menus. Co-op is rather convenient, people can just pop-in as long as you leave your game open to them; A rather nice fellow even gave me a sickle. Where Dead Island had a ridiculous series of restrictive RPG mechanics, this game's feels far more realistic or perhaps immersive would be a better descriptor.Given that pretty much all the DLC come with the game now, I feel it was worth the $30 I threw at it. Full price wouldn't be terribly insane either, though that's too steep fro me. If you actually have those things... ""friends"" or something similar, maybe its worth getting. Solo gets dull and pubs usually suck."
76561198060739604,Recommended,239140,30892969,Posted: 1 April,all,Rootin' Tootin' Cooter Shooter,Is gudnice saleye
76561198095087370,Recommended,239140,26134457,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ANDY PANDY,"If you played Dead Island, this game may or may not be for you depending on how you played it. I LOVED Dead Island but I always felt that it was too slow moving. The combat could've been faster, and the movement especially, but I liked the looting, the skill trees, and the enviroments. I was younger so I never paid much attention to the story. But for some reason, this game, it's story, was near perfect to me. The combat was faster, the parkour mechanics are some of the best that I have played (aside from the Mirrors Edge series), and the RPG mechanics felt more organic. I played the main game and was somewhat unsatisfied with the ending, just because it was a cliffhanger, in the sense that there was still more to be done. Most questions were answered so they didn't mess up there. The Following expansion added tons more content and built upon the previous story. I am not one for spoilers so I will leave that to those who decide to actually play the game. But I will say that the choices throughout the expansion are very impactful, and it adds closure to the story, in my opinion. The Following was one of the best pieces of DLC I think i have ever played. I was much more enganged with this game than Techland's previous zombie game, Dead Island. If you are on the edge of buying this game, do not hesitate. It is well worth the money. The amount of content you get is astounding, and it offers lots of replayability, especially with Co-op and The Bozak Horde DLC."
76561198099455243,Recommended,239140,26132042,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Zekeylicious,"Okay, to clarify about this Enhanced Edition ; Get it IF and ONLY IF you don't own the original Dying Light and you'll get all the DLC's PLUS The Following with everything enhanced. Don't be like me and buy the Dying Light: The Following-Enhanced Edition and NOT get The Following because I previously owned the game here on Steam. Wasted $60 bucks getting this game and all I did was pay for the Enhanced Edtion and essentially another copy of the base game that I can't even gift.Reference :http://support.techland.pl/support/solutions/articles/4000068588-dying-light-enhanced-edition-content"
,Recommended,239140,26136744,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,{GßB} SirBuger,"I beat main game, and half of dlc in 24 hours, ehI didn't do side quests, just keep that in mind. Dlc is eh, What de ♥♥♥♥ do i do?Good game overall, but try out the custom maps, or maybe even the map editor. Download mods too to suck as much content and fun as you can. maybe not worth 50$ maybe 40$. Its really up to you."
,Recommended,239140,26135624,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,✪ NiP Juliano ♥,Very good
76561198058895409,Recommended,239140,26126794,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Casual Hunter,"Good game, excellent co-op."
76561198074956048,Recommended,239140,30893445,Posted: 1 April,all,sandrunner77,"I missed this somehow back when it was new. It is really good. It has a nice story and a big story. Too many games use open world as an excuse to not really have a story. I feel free but not alone playing this. Running around or trying to at night is terrifying! Night means night. It is a good balance between sandbow and a story with plenty of action. I feel on edge and I can't be stupid but then again it isn't too frustrating. Think survive, not rack up kills."
76561198045656064,Recommended,239140,25873888,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[Symmetry],"This game made me play nearly sixty hours in a depressing infected town and in an even even more infected but somewhat more open countryside. I also earned the ""Whole Story"" achievement, which is rare.9/10 almost as good as Dead Island"
76561198166257759,Recommended,239140,25916501,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Decemberxbluex,"Best zombie game ever made, and my favorite game of 2015.Played the main story twice, and I'm getting back into The Following."
76561198171172782,Recommended,239140,26118815,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,🧀 IM A CHEESE 🧀,"AMAZING GAME!!!!!!, worth every centThe best Zombie game i have ever played!!!!It has a great story line with great gameplay"
,Recommended,239140,26144214,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,PAGE,nc game  :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,239140,26135766,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Imperdoável,"Um dos jogos que mais gosto, sobrevivência + Zumbi = EXCELENTE JOGO.Parkuor GG.Recomendo."
,Recommended,239140,26136022,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,♞ Fiauxzy,Great game... Great story ! Good fun ! You can play alone but I recommend playing with a friend ! I wish the story mode was much longer or they released another story even if they done one that was completely different from the original ! But defo worth buying !
76561198090181645,Recommended,239140,30893841,Posted: 1 April,all,smirkingrin,Great story and great multiplayer :)
76561198005137924,Recommended,239140,26179017,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Hevoc,"I bought this game when it was on sale a few weeks ago.  It looked interesting, but I havent been into anything but MMOs and sports games for the past year.  All I can say, is this game is AMAZING!  Graphics are great.  The way the day transitions to night and back is creepy and realistic.  The surround sound effects are great.  Going through an abandoned building you can hear the dead on the floor above you or outside.  Meanwhile, the tension builds due to the wind blowing objects against the side of the buildings, etc.  It is the first game I have played where you can just feel the tension in you building! As you get stronger, you feel like a complete bad**s, but you can't get cocky or you will get eaten.  At night, it is TENSE!!  It has great storylines, great characters, etc.  This is an absolute safe bet to pick up.  You WILL love this game."
,Recommended,239140,25939137,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FalxY™,Siiiick bruv
,Recommended,239140,25932606,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jonolito,Amazing - On the edge of my seat!!
76561198131773283,Recommended,239140,14721178,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,asmith24,Great game!
76561198010794861,Recommended,239140,14912870,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,dragon0615,Freaking addictive !!!!!!!!!
76561198048707872,Recommended,239140,14916535,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Trip,Excellent game...hours of epic adventure
76561198035095452,Recommended,239140,14917169,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Maxieguy,Awesome 10/10 People complain about the story but the voice activing is amazing. Great Grahics and stable from Day 1. Works even bettter post patch. Diffintly a gem.
,Recommended,239140,14919282,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Squatch,"Such a fun game, love the mix between the parkour and the combat"
,Recommended,239140,14900307,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,FrigoreRex,Awfully well done game with alot of fun. It is like a combination of Dead island and Mirror's edge.
76561198106002831,Recommended,239140,14944575,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Zheerios,You can burn a ZombieChild with a molotov! 10/10
76561198064546359,Recommended,239140,14945467,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ragakov,Good game with deep story.I done this game with a friend of mine
76561198070170524,Recommended,239140,14939477,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,x-Auditore-x,"I need this game to live! It is my cocaine! (I mean.... besides Assassin's Creed.. .I mean Cmon)If you want the time of your life, this is the game! A machete is like a handheld guillotine, what more can you ask for when it comes to zombiekilling!By all the outfits they added and weapons (other stuff too), you can already tell that the developers are good developers!It's like Dead Island and Assassin's Creed made a baby, Far Cry 4 and Good Developers made a baby!If those two babies made a baby! Boom! Dying Light!"
,Recommended,239140,14947645,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sly,"THIS IS AMAZEBALLS, yeh its a lot like dead island (same devs) but the parkour in it is amazing. I have mirror's edge and it has some of the same stuff."
76561198173440051,Not Recommended,239140,14947734,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,jcmedtrans,I could not get the game to work wright
76561198083608607,Recommended,239140,14928051,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MoKELoC,This is a great game and a great add on to anyone's library. There is countless amount of things you can do in the game that make it great. I just wish that there was a place to buy ammo or let me find ammo in the city or something... That part i call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! but it is what it is... Still waiting for a game with this but more guns and ammo to work with.
76561198026325934,Recommended,239140,14928494,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Moiidy,"Dying Light is a parkout style game with its ups and downsPROS: Large varity of weapons and weapon types, Has good mechanics such as wall climbing and neck cracking, Large varity of zombies, Allows for 4 PLAYER COOP, Able to be the zombieCONS: Without friends to play with can be boring, No more cons.............Dying light gave me a *&^%$. I love this game and is a must own. I recomend this game to all 10/10!"
,Recommended,239140,14928934,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,QuietRoamer,"Found a room in one of the ""Dark Areas"" and inside was a dropoff into the sewer lines below, filled with sewer and a ladder to climb back up on. I was instantly 3 feet tall and couldn't jump, grapple, and everytime I swung my weapon it hit an invisible wall and alerted enemies to me. I had to quit the game to get unstuck. It was worth it, though."
76561197960791343,Recommended,239140,14929028,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,mouse29982,its fun.. things die.
,Recommended,239140,14965435,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Costco,I got 999999 bottles of alcohol.10/10 - would get drunk and kill zombies again.
76561197994424142,Recommended,239140,14888690,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Skialdi,"This is one of my highest recommendations.  Expansive world, great story, great combat, great replayability.  My single criticism is that the story does not allow you to make choices on the cutscene action and who to follow, but that does not take away much."
,Recommended,239140,14937602,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mushmallow,A terrific game and even more awesome with friends. The only one downside for me though is that they force you to do the last mission solo. I still highly reccomend it. Full mod support is coming. And I can't wait.
76561198025944645,Recommended,239140,14937909,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,rootiness tootiness,awesome game
,Not Recommended,239140,14940151,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,keePs 25th,"great idea, great graphics, but repetetive and uninspiring missions/ overall gameplay"
76561197993475921,Recommended,239140,14940296,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,LONEWOLF!!,top game cant wait for update on dlc
,Recommended,239140,14942750,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,DM,good game
76561197970247553,Not Recommended,239140,14966296,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ngolian,"The scale of the scenery is impressive, but the gameplay design is abysmal. They just copied some ideas out of some classic games, mashed them together in a way that doesn't work, and gave it a nonsensical story line.One of the first tasks in the game - booby-trapping two cars - is almost impossible to complete when you're new to the game mechanics. It might be OK with a mouse and keyboard, but it won't let me reconfigure the controls to something I can use as a left-hander so I'm forced to use a gamepad. I use it all the time for Trackmania and I've even forced myself to play the first two Halos all the way through with one to try to get comfortable with FPS on a gamepad, but that just isn't going to happen.Continuing this game will be incredibly boring and frustrating; I'll get better value out of my £40 by writing it off and doing something more enjoyable like cleaning up the puppy's waste."
,Recommended,239140,14966457,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mr Invisible,spider man simulator 2015
76561198028009722,Recommended,239140,14971902,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Picua,"Absolutely the BEST ""Zombie"" Horror game i have played in a while. Night time in this game is truly terrifying, The parkour system is so satisfying. Enemies are actually quite dangerous and make you approach with caution unlike others in the genre where the Zombies feel like minor inconveniences and you just mow them down without a care. The Storyline is FANTASTIC, very long, engaging emotionally and challenging. Overall nothing but good things to say about this game i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys horror games."
,Recommended,239140,15269064,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Fasty_Whale,"Dem graphics... Like eye candy, The gameplay... like: I'll-bash-your-zombie-face-in-m8-candy, The story... EW goddamn ,that♥♥♥♥♥♥tastes bad."
76561198168446361,Not Recommended,239140,15270184,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Error 404,game does not work all characters are invisible and half the map is too do not buy unless you want to wait for update fixing it
76561198091257171,Recommended,239140,15271170,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,zacharyvalle,good game
76561198024513938,Recommended,239140,14443135,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Urbandrone,"After playing a lot of FPS PVP over the last while I was craving a change and Decided to give Dying light a whirl. Since starting into it, the Co-op play and general feel of Harran is superb. What got me interested right off the top was the climbing. The game is generally a well finished product and the gameplay has been some of the most thrilling zombie mashing fun with friends online in ages.  ***** Five Star Game & Well Done!April 7thAfter completing the main campaign the game is enjoyable right to the end. The only thing I did not enjoy as much was the theatrical format of the end confrontation. The rest was great!"
76561197989961393,Not Recommended,239140,15236711,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ZED_Mechus,always craches on a loading screen
76561198079694997,Recommended,239140,15264817,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,FoxInABox,BEST GAME EVER
76561198054900023,Recommended,239140,15272680,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Juggernaut TiTs,"As you can see I put a lot of time into this game. It's amazing. I did not expect the parkour part to be so awesome. some zombies are annoying and yea it glitches sometimes, but the overall game is definitely aweome"
76561198142051686,Recommended,239140,15273151,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,brandoniserate,"This game is so much fun you don't need drugs to enjoy it, just to enhance it!"
76561198058053170,Recommended,239140,15003836,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,xxaznfire420,Hooked and cannoot lie.
76561198089577652,Recommended,239140,15003846,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KLLR,"Very engauging. The sound in this game is some of the best i have ever heard in a horror game.  It realy puts you in it when running from monsters at night.  I highly recommend, this is not your average jump scare game.  In addition, the online co-op content makes it a blast to play with friends."
76561197983712163,Recommended,239140,15003897,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,WELD,"Very well designed map, well programmed game play. takes a lot from other games, seems like a lot from far but way less repetative than far cry and coop actually works.Most side missions feel like a main story one. very well done game.Very graphic..but hey its zombies."
,Recommended,239140,15004138,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cratch Violance,The mechanics in this game are really well done and very fun. Finished the story and plan to do so again. Highly recommended.
76561198034052121,Recommended,239140,15005199,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ulysses.S.Grant,its a cool game kinda like dead island open world craft your own wepons
76561198069435948,Recommended,239140,15007138,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sinner,BEST ZOBIE GAME EVER!!!!
76561198033565466,Recommended,239140,15009943,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Warbadger,Good game
,Recommended,239140,15010092,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,nexionly,"Best game I've played in a long time. Physics are great, game play is excellent."
76561198129959477,Recommended,239140,15010464,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,FirePowerShot,This Game Is Boss
76561197964662515,Recommended,239140,14995655,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,pornstar,Dead Isand...on steroids!  Been playing co-op with my bro through the game!  Highly recommend this game!  11/10.
76561198042099997,Recommended,239140,14952715,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Snazzy,"Amazing gameplay. The combat system is fun, and the parkour thing is amazing! The story is a little dull though, and the side quest are really ""SIDE"" quest. Not worth doing at all in my opinion.8/10"
76561198043998750,Recommended,239140,14954732,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,RamonaReason,"Dying Light is the promised game from many years ago. This game is fashionably late in all the right ways. It's gorgeous, big, and lots of fun. The story is alright at best, but it's definitely not the main reason you keep playing the game. The world is absolutely fun to explore and parkour about. While running around on the streets or jumping across roof tops, the game is pretty smart about landing you where you intended to land, and in some cases gives you a little bit of slack when a jump is just out of reach. Killing zombies with creative tools and in creative ways lends this game to be way more fun then it looks. Using traps all around the world, creating your own tools, or simply kicking zombies off a roof is always fun. If you like playing with swords and sharp weapons, your going to enjoy shreading zombies to bits. And if you like using blunt weapons, theres a Mortal Kombat esc exray system in place that is pretty neat. Missions are varied and offer plenty of challenge, some are better than others. Some Farcry towers here and there to activate a signal are scattered about which are the lesser fun missions. As well as some follow and protect side quest which slow the pace of everything in my opinion.  The highlight of the game though for me was the PvP hunter mode. Its intense, fast paced, and a blast. Definitely would recomend to anyone whose a fan of the zombie genre."
,Recommended,239140,14956398,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lifefilter,"Amazing gameplay, Flawless Co-Op. Tons of fun to play with other friends. it is a MUST BUY if you love RPGs and Co-Op games."
76561198046177612,Recommended,239140,15083316,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,karthiktetali,please add annakonda143
,Recommended,239140,15083374,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Viriato,"Loved this game.Still think game can improve a lot, but developers already mentioned they are working on it!Had tons of fun and just waiting for new DLC.I recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,239140,15087435,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Shorokin,"Zombies and parkour, what more could you want? This is a pseudo-sequel to Dead Island, but so much better. It has the gore and free-roaming of Dead Island, the parkour of Mirror's Edge, and all the right bits of Far Cry 3. The parkour feels nice but may take a little getting used to. The upgrade and damage system are quite improved from Dead Island. The voice acting is great and characterisation is pretty good, although the plot is a little wonky. Graphics and sound are phenomenal with a great use of light, location and details."
,Recommended,239140,27075563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pink Gerbil,10/10
,Recommended,239140,30928891,Posted: 3 April,all,FriskyJ,In my opinion this game can be the best in zombie genre.
76561198052333458,Recommended,239140,27088996,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lulu,Chopping off heads in real life is illegal. Thats why this game exists :)
,Recommended,239140,27095736,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sadovsf,Simply the best zombie survival game out there. And you are really going to be scared to go out at night! :D
,Recommended,239140,27116968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vassay,"The best zombie game I ever played. Perfect to blow off some steam, kick some heads in, and regain sanity again =)Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,239140,27148622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ender,"Devs have always kept to their word, really nice game"
76561198151222054,Recommended,239140,27182619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,no way,"Story, Gameplay, Graphics and Mood are all top in this Game and it has been a while since i felt this is a game i will remember."
,Recommended,239140,26280422,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vergaerd,"It's everything Dead island should've been.Gameplay: 8/10Very fluid movement/parkour/combat system in an open world. There is a level system tied to a skill system to unlock new ways of killing zeds.Innovation: 8/10The parkour system is unique to zombie survival games. The challenges are a nice addition and break away from usual questing.Difficulty: 7/10During the day-time the zombies are quite dorcile, but as night falls you will have a lot of trouble. not dying. The AI is well done, as noises attract more zeds.Replayability: 6/10After you complete the story, side missions and challenges theres nothing much to do.Content: 7/10This game should be roughly 30 hrs or so to complete casually. There are no free updates and I haven't played the DLC yet.Customization: 7/10The weapons can be modded with all sorts of components and damage to boost their stats and effects. Apart from a few outfits to choose from there is barely any character customization.Graphics: 9/10AAA graphics, nice atmosphere, runs well.[b[Audio: 9/10[/b]The sounds are pretty good overall, add to the atmosphere. The voice acting is okay and funny at times.Settings: 9/10Enough settings to mess about with.Controls: 9/10Plays well on both controller and keyboard. Intuitive and fluid. The combos gained by the skill system are relatively easy to learn.Overall: 79/100Worth: Max 20 euro. Get it on sale."
76561198003079952,Recommended,239140,27142400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lunda,"""There is a lot to be done around the tower, please dont just stand there, do something"" I've never wanted to punch someone as much as that dude ..."
,Recommended,239140,27135505,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kapi,Steam Awards Nomination Committee 2016Review or update your review of a game you nominatedDone :)
,Recommended,239140,27207154,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fxuz,"Beautiful landscape with stunning graphics, especially when that zombie explodes in your face!"
,Recommended,239140,27229262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hobomassacre,"On Vacation, Kyle Crane beats upthe local population that's been hit by a sudden sickness. Jump from building to building searching for your next victim, whether it be a single mother going about her busy day or a deformed man who feels it's only safe for him to leave his house at night. While terrorizing the people of Harran don't forget to steal the various supplies like duct tape or medicine from houses, schools, clinics, and various businesses.If you like being a hooligan and causing mischief in a large open world environment then Dying Light is the game for you."
76561198069651102,Recommended,239140,27225681,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Emra,"Is gud, yes"
76561198167497289,Recommended,239140,27219513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✪CarlsoN,This game is very good and if you have it you dont need games like mirrors edge
,Recommended,239140,27219613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DevD,Easily the best zombie game in the past few years.
,Recommended,239140,27219883,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,G{u}T P[u]ncH ~ }} !!,Best ever zombie games of the year
,Recommended,239140,27220561,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BenJoe,"Awesome game, you can't put it down."
,Recommended,239140,27127273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jxtn ๑ﭥ snail reactions,Badass game
76561197986483401,Recommended,239140,27126810,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ee9551,This game represents quite a lot of thing that other BigScale games have lost on their way. 100% ok.
76561198066180816,Recommended,239140,27121497,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Quack,"I enjoyed this game, however it has weaknesses. The storytelling is sometimes lacking. The combat and gameplay can get repetitive and boring sometimes(Nightmare mode adds some real challenge however). Overall nothing else is in the market that does what dying light does and the game is a fun with friends."
76561198119519053,Recommended,239140,14194524,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Squires,"Cant play it, crashes and stuttering is absoloutly ridiculous, fix it ♥♥♥♥ing soonEDIT: For some reason when i launched the game via Steam, not Desktop, the game is fine, also i have changed graphics from high to medium. but before someone says its my rig, its not.EDIT: THE ACTUAL GAME ITSELF IS AMAZING AND TOTALLY RECOMENED IT! But i still stand by what i said."
,Recommended,239140,14209164,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DONT TRUST ANYONE,I just hate it when you can't kill some of the NPC.The night missions really freak me out and make me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants!10/10
,Recommended,239140,14209481,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pixcil,"Game runs smoothly without hitch so far on my M17x.  Enjoyable, though the parkour is a little more challenging and not yet as smooth as I expected, but still early in the game and more parkour skills to unlock.  Up to first boss(?) fight, which is quite interesting and needs smart thinking rather than brute force to take out the opponent.  Thoroughly enjoying the game so far and look forward to playing more."
76561198068558781,Recommended,239140,14201725,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,EagleSquatch,working great now! plays good without nvida habo and settings on medium.
,Recommended,239140,14209966,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TheBassman77,"Having an absolute blast so far, if you're a fan of Dead Island you'll love this more mature and refined version. The free-running system (particularly the perks you can unlock to improve it) is an absolute joy within itself, add to it zombies, an awesome melee system and brutal finishing moves and you've got one hell of a mix!I was worried if I could run the game on a lower end GPU (GTX 660) and so far it runs flawlessly on Medium-High with a few tweaks (most importantly is toning down view distance). If you were put off at first by the meaty requirements like I was have no fear and take the plunge.This is one purchase I definitely don't regret!"
76561198057903224,Recommended,239140,14209978,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,treewafflesmen,"Awesome Game, parkour and zombies, a greate open world map, with tons of collectibles, and secretes, such as the claymore. Its all fun and games in the day, (in game), until you are out late, the night is coming aswell as the most disgusting scariest creature that only appear at night, it really is a game changer, totaly recommended,g8 m8 r8t 8/8""its like Skyrim with guns"" IGN"
,Recommended,239140,14195410,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tiger,"Update:Better than Dead Island in every way. So I'm changing the recommendation to ""Yes"". But with the note that players will suffer from unoptimization of drivers and game. Later patches will hopefully improve this. We can only hope.Con's-highly unoptimized-terrible chromatic abberation-film grainPros-nicely done city-lots of details-feels realistic-parkour nicely done-combat well doneOld review:so far not recomending. Not in its current state. Wait for more optimization and patches. If you don't mind the sluggish gameplay go for it. If you followed the trailers that is what you get. If you can wait. Wait..My PC specs for comparison: i7 4820k@4.5Ghz, 24Gb Ram, R9 290x(4gb Vram), SSDs.fps while playing is between 30-60(capped at 60 with rivatuner). Mostly arround 40.Playable but not fully enjoyable thats for sure.Hopefully more patches will increase framerate.So again please wait. The game is far better in comparison to dead island. But the sluggish gameplay  won't let you enjoy it fully.I'll update my review after patches."
,Recommended,239140,14210741,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mr.Belvadeer,"What Dead Island was supposed to be. Character progression is great, missions are creative (for a zombie game), and combat feels great. Night combat is legitimately frightening. Special zombies are sort of gimmicky and lame, but they add a challenge when you start to get to high levels."
76561197963325751,Recommended,239140,14210761,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Onikaji,"I'm terrified by zombie games, but this one gets it just right for me, enough mirror's edge, killing bigger enemies brings a sense of accomplishment, and the world is beautifully realized, even on medium-ish settings."
,Recommended,239140,14210797,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Des Leans,"So far, this is the closest a game has ever come to meet my Zombie killing expectations.The graphics, sound and mechanics come together to create a perfect atmosphere for bashing zombie skulls and taking names. The storyline doesn't seem too fixed or stressed as other games' storylines have oftentimes felt.One of the very few games i've not regretted purchasing.If you're looking for an open world zombie playground to enjoy with your friends, or on your own, look no further."
,Recommended,239140,14210748,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Stubborn,"the game so far has proved worthy of the hype. I've never felt so free in a game. The parkour is so smooth once you get used to the controls, clumsy at first though due to your character's inexperience. Everything improves as you play due to a leveling system. Parkour improves as you traverse the beautiful city and melee improves as you beautifully decapitate foes. The story so far is interesting apart from some cringe worthy voice acting. The AI in this game is pretty smart too, human enemies will mess you up in groups as they dodge and deflect your attacks and the volitile infected will chase you down until you shake them off or get killed. There's only 1 issue so far, and that's the fps issue. It's very unstable due to the game not using multiple cores if you have them so there's some pretty great bottlenecking going on but Techland is fixing it so if you can get past it for now you will love this game.P.S- Nighttime is sp00ky, you will die."
76561198151935138,Recommended,239140,14210875,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Wishmaster2542,"Mobo- Crossblade Ranger.APU- KaveriRam- 16 gb corsair Pro SeriesGPU- 2 R9 290x in crossfire mode with AMD Omega vid drivers installedHard drive - SSD samsung 850 evo 500 GBMy 1st impression of the game was like WOW.I have it installed and it runs fine.... well. I had to disable the Vertical Sync cuz the screen was cutting off but i think thats okThe game runs for 1 hour and my GPU are running at 85 C with everything on HIGH. (I have MSI afterburner and a decent  temp curve setup)"" The Nvidia vid options are not doing anything and is ok I think is because i don't have an nvidia GPU ""The game looks  decent but soon dusty. I mean i have seen videos on youtube and is not the way that it looks on my rig. I don't have a 4k monitor i have a cheap 1080p monitor and before people freak out and start call me noob ... guys there is something that is called budget and i ll get a 4k but NOT NOW...Aaaaaaanyway  the game looks dusty. like if i had dust on my whole screen. Other huge titles like crysis 3 run with everything on ultra and it looks GOOOOOD but this one IDK if its an issue with AMD or what but it looks like if i had dust on my screen .Anybody else having this issue ?Besides this i still love the game and the idea. The concept is awesome and the game runs fine. I already play with the distance view and the graphic options with no luck.Please feel free to reply to this post  and be polite and not offensive if posible. I do apologize for my bad English but I do speak Spanish and German as well and is a little bit too much for my brain.Thanks in advance"
76561197999066130,Recommended,239140,14211312,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,desisme,spuer fun gameonly 1 thing are baad super zombis
76561198044273681,Recommended,239140,14211324,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,YouCan'tTakeTheSkyFromMe,"Is it just me or did anyone else think for ""Be the Zombie"" Mode you could join someones campaign game at night and hunt them?"
76561198055584833,Recommended,239140,14211721,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ðman,"Awesome game, best graphic so far in a game I played. Great entertainment and best of all. Story mode CO-OP. 10/10"
76561198071097921,Recommended,239140,14211956,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"This game rocks, especially on co-op...Great job devs, whens part 2 coming? lol"
76561197971157172,Recommended,239140,14212244,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,bluedog,"Having a lot of fun thus far. As far as gameplay, I find it a satisfying balance of survival/evasion, and actual zombie killing. If you want to blow away hordes of zombies with massive guns this may not be for you.Performance on the other hand is spotty at best as I see the game consume far more system resources for the visuals it produces. Don't get me wrong, the games looks nice, but it doesn't look drastically better if at all than a Crysis 3 or FarCry 4 and taxes my system much more. My system auto detected at the highest playable settings with view distance at 50%. View distance seems to do nothing from 50-100% after playing with it besides lower fps, so I settled for about 70%...whatever. I have a i7-4770, factory overclocked Gigabyte 780 Ti 3GB, 16GB DDR3 RAM, Samsung 840 Pro 256GB install drive. Currently playing at 1920x1080 with settings as stated and indoors I see a constant 60fps with vsync on. Outside I typically get between 40 and 60fps seeing dips as low as 32fps or so. No matter where I am in the game vram usage is between 2400MB and the full 3072MB or whatever it comes out to be that my card has. This was by no means a scientific observation, just me watching MSI Afterburner. I hope as the game matures with patches and nVidia releases new drivers performance will be better as I would like to turn off the games post process AA and try the supported DSR and scale to my 1080 monitor.Other stuff one may be concerned with and that I have been reading about are crashes. I have had the game crash only once after about 2 hrs of play. Nothing frequent like some report.Will update when I get a chance to play with some other people as it looks like there are some fun multiplayer modes."
76561198059104967,Recommended,239140,14212974,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Serg,https://www.youtube.com/user/OfficialCGTV
76561198094483048,Recommended,239140,14212992,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Bjarki Steinn,Parkour+Murdering zombies+Good story=Good freaking game!
,Recommended,239140,14213277,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[Sinisterly] Chilly,"Zombies, actually difficult at times, reasonable progression, what more could you ask for!"
,Not Recommended,239140,16297456,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,FancyBird,game breaking bug made it unplayable dont know how it plays couldnt tell
76561198101191354,Recommended,239140,16303263,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ThisGameSucks,"Rammed into a Zambie and it flew back into a wall, let out a small screech and died. I Went into a corner and Cried because I felt sorry for it10/10"
76561197967333930,Recommended,239140,16343642,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,hot mike,"This game is one of my all-time favorites for the PC.  It's engaging, gruesome and full of suprises.  I put this game up there with the Metal Gear franchise, GTA franchise, and Half Life."
,Recommended,239140,14237171,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mr. Tux,Its a pretty fun game co-op. The story was pretty good up until the ending. Good mechanics. I really wish that the new guns were included in a patch or something. I believe you have to get the DLC for them.
,Recommended,239140,16345103,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,gamerstu,"Usually not a fan of zombie cliche games, however, after finishing the singleplayer game (I don't play multiplayer), I can't say enough how rewarding it is to slice zombie heads off and watch them burn, explode or electrocute. The story is okay, and the open world experience delivers, but eventually after completing the game, I just got bored here. Wish there were more singleplayer content. PLEASE RELEASE HELLRAID!!!"
,Recommended,239140,16321931,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Obi_WanKanBlowMe,10/10 used a sword to launch a zombie a few K's off of a building
,Recommended,239140,16322763,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Odin's Tyrant,"Awesome game, a really good blend of Mirror's Edge and Dead Island. I love the Parkour Combat style and the fact that we no longer need Work Bench's in order to fix or repair our gear, we can do everything on the go. Including turning our ordinary weapons into incredibly OP weapons. By collecting Blueprints we can turn a machete into a machete that is engulfed in Flame and Electricity.I love the different types of Zombies in this game, yeah they're zombies and you cant be completely original about them, but Dying Light pulled it off. Great game, if anyone loved Dead Ilsand and Mirror's Edge, this is the game for you."
76561197969517260,Recommended,239140,16325202,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nogbad,Dead Island on springs.
,Recommended,239140,16252176,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,junior,Pretty fun game.
76561198019161531,Recommended,239140,16252798,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DM4N20,"parkour with zombies, can't beat it"
,Recommended,239140,16253532,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ebb&flow,best zombie game by far
,Recommended,239140,16245936,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ravioli nigga,"Just finished this game with just over 12 hours played, this would have been longer had I not been given some OP weapons by random players :)I still have to do tons of side quests as I only completed 3-4 in those 12 hours.Would I reccomend this game? f*ck yeah! totally worth the full price.This game is honestly in my top 3 games I've EVER played!BUY THIS SH*T NOW"
76561198100771358,Recommended,239140,16246144,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,KANEDEADMEN,"probably the 1 game i play the most in my collection, very kool graphics and gameplay are amazing if u havent played it yet deff worth $60 not to many games are uumm i havent really played online but the couple times i have were very interesting i had no idea u can b a zombie which is a bonus so i would personally give it a 10/10 not to many games ive played get that rating the only other 1 i ever gave that rating to was the last of us too bad its not on steam but yeah i hope this review helped"
,Recommended,239140,15842090,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Greven,"Fun game. Gets a little repetitive at times, but - overall - fun.Unfortunately, this game has a couple of bugs regarding achievements and in-game progress:I.e. the ""It's all in the writing"" achievement tells me that I have discovered 38 notes, and when I watched a video on YT to compare, I saw that some of the notes I had already picked up. But in-game it says that I haven't discovered them yet.Same goes for quarantine zones: I have completed two, but this time it is Steam that tells me that I have completed 0/8.Kinda frustrating if you want to complete the game 100%.TechLand should implement the re-spawn of collectibles that the game says you haven't found yet in their next patch, and Steam should fix the synchronization problem with this game.Until then, I'll not play this game.And I'll give it a downvote - even though Steam/TechLand doesn't care about 1 person's opinion.EDIT: Everything fixed and added new features, back to an upvote :D"
,Recommended,239140,16313737,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jonnyzul,"Just...AMAZING!The plot, the gameplay, story, characters and EVERYTHING is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,239140,16317171,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pepe Silvia,This is easily one of the best games I have played in years. Great work. A must buy.
76561198192130030,Recommended,239140,16178225,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,djstepp,i love it
76561198058337194,Recommended,239140,14846094,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BS_Crane,Remember way back when you could see people. And walls. And weapons. Yeah I miss those days.
76561198077339780,Recommended,239140,14846200,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Senpai Kush,yissss
76561197997485806,Recommended,239140,14700589,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Anyone,"Gameplay : One of the most best game I ever play, A big open world with hundred of missions, random encounter, crafting, survival... I would definitively recommand this game to anyone ASAPActual problem (patch 1.40) : Does not start properly on Linux (a lot of problem of path library and compatibility with 64 bits), FPS extremely slowAll of this can be fixed if you ready to give a lot of time for make it work, the forum contain numerous tricks for the ""start problem"" and the ""Slow FPS"".  You will have to make some ""Work Around"" but if you are motivated and you got some free time, go for itEdit patch 1.5 : I did not have any serious issue since the new patch, good work."
,Recommended,239140,14763984,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Psychoniac,Dropkicked a zombie into orbit. 11/10
,Recommended,239140,14765385,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,POK_THEPORTALER1,"Best Zombie-Open World Game I've played. The mix of slums and urban environments, as well as the many places a player can travel to makes this game just flat out fun. And don't worry, even after the long ""story mode"" part of it, it's still fun to smack zombies upside the head with what ever trash you find on the side of the road. Definatley worth your $60."
76561198171677313,Recommended,239140,14767524,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,HITMAN,very good vidoe 10 out of 10 game play 9 out of 10 worth the money
76561198000137437,Recommended,239140,14767789,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,jaybollman,"First: READ THE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS BEFORE PURCHASING! I am a music producer, not really a gamer... I have a DELL XPS 730x Limited with 16gb of RAM, nVidia gForce 9800GTx (Outdated, but it worked for what i needed it for), Intel i7 OC'd @ 3Ghz. Not even close to running it. I upgraded to a new Intel Xeon @3.7Ghz (wallet=dead), water cooled heatsink, and a SAPPHIRE AMD Radeon R9 260 (I think) with 3gb of VRAM: it runs very smoothly, I can keep it on high graphics for about 2 hours before it starts to loose some FPS and get bogged. On mid-level graphics, still gorgeous.Fantasic everything in this game.  Love it! The producers are welcoming modders with open arms, which will be great! (Great company all around, I'd say!)Parkour in this game is a must, and the better you get, the more awesome stuff you can do. Don't expect to be running around with guns lighting up the undead: nope. You get a pipe. Of course there are hundreds of weapons as you progress, but guns are scarce, and even when you do find them, they make just about any situation a fraction worse than before.Common sense will do you well in this game. If it looks sketchy, it usually is. 99% of the time if in the back of your head you hear ""Bad idea..."" it is a bad idea.Pros:-Well built, very solid game.-A neat new idea at a zombie game!-Pretty realistic. (in the sense that you cant just bop a zombie on the head and it dies. Again.)-FANTASIC physics.-Graphics ++++++-Great HUD, minimalistic, but keeps you well informed.-Online play (recommended) is very unique: players just pop into your game, and help you out, or mind their own. (Very hard at night, not going to spoil anything...)-Cool weapons.-Progresses well.-Level-up system is very nice. Kind of like Farcry 3.Cons-PRETTY demanding on everything but my disk drive.-Certainly built for a console, and it shows, gameplay-wise-BLUR/BLOOM ERRWHERE!-When you hit things, blood splats hit the screen, and it really hinders visability. Which is very important when free-running.-It sometimes takes longer to GET TO THE MISSION than it does to DO the mission.-I sometimes find myself at a loss of things to do... So I just kill things with nooby weapons until I get bored and turn it off... (But I keep putting off alot of missions also...)Overall, with the system requirements aside, I give Dying Light a solid 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,14476518,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,QuestaDay,"it's dead island with parkourand to it's credit, the parkour is very intuitive for the most partmirrors edge 2 could learn a thing or two from dying lightdon't buy this game if you are looking for a 'survival' zombie game, it's not that kind of game.the main hero is so generic and forgettableI just want to strangle him for his crappy one-liners and terrible decisions that I have no control overdon't expect it to win any game design awards. it's mostly recycled ideas. there isn't an original idea in this game's body. but those elements do come together in a nice way.TL:DR: worth the purchase? sure I guess. maybe wait for it to go on sale."
76561198002737056,Recommended,239140,14770193,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,][)ark][-][eart,"WOW.... I heard some people say this game was bad or blah blah... The visuals are so stunning the people act, and look so real- and make the depth and feeling that you are part of this world. (npc's) I love the jumping- blurring motion turning your head backward and the camera does a slow bullet time almost thing just for like 2 sec's to add to make the game look like a epic movie- Haven't played Multi yet- want to get friends into it- Think of this as a very serious more darker up to date of left 4 dead- but allot more unforgiving,You rely more on cool crafting, and actual skills you get than guns really- which is actually a breathe of fresh air- the talent tree you get it a blast!! You unlock moves example, stomp on zombies head- jump kick- the ablity to if timed right grab a running zombie charging at you and throw him into a crowd of others.. it goes on and on- A must get for any zombie fan- esp the old school ones like me... the Music IS SO GOOD, and sounds-  I love how it mixes the old school dumb moving zombies, then Night with the more like if you are not running your going to hear horrible things coming and will soon be a pile of blood."
,Recommended,239140,14803104,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dev,Single player is great. Multiplayer is lacking. Overall a good game.
76561198011062235,Recommended,239140,14803163,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zarathall,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Anita Sarkeesian10/10
76561197974068283,Recommended,239140,14565861,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Murderducky,"It took me really long to install because it was not AMD friendly at the time.Other than that, it's a really good game."
76561197968540446,Recommended,239140,14803656,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Timech187,"This may be first ever review of a game on Steam.Dying Light is one of my top all-time favorite games.  I've played the game on my Xbox.  I've played and beaten it on my PC and started on the hard mode.  I'm looking forward to playing it all the way through again at my current levels while maintaining my inventory.Something about this game hooked me quick.  I won't lie, the first few hours were a bit slow.But believe me when I say it picks up soon after.I'm not an excellent game reviewer, going into detail about all the aspects of the game so I'll just tell you how my daily dose of Dyling Light plays out.When I first log in I check my inventory.  Weapon, still in good condition with plenty of repairs left.  One machine gun.  Many Molotovs.  Many Exploding Traps.I might do a side quest or two or maybe even one of the main story line.  Or, maybe I'll wander up onto the bridge and get my thrills by farming some upgrades and killing many zombies.  Hence, Molotovs and Exploding Traps are a joy.  I sit there, up on top of a police van luring zombies my way.Maybe they'll wander through a slick of gasoline.  Oops, there goes a molotov and there goes twenty zombies up in flames.  I'll move so that the path from me to the zombies brings them through a host of already burning zombies.They burn too.Once I clear a small area on the bridge I'll loot everything.  Everything helps.  I open cars, I open bags, I pick locks on police cars and vans to get the ""good stuff"".I don't stop until it starts to become night.  While night time isn't near as dangrous now compared to my level, it's still fun to run back to a safe house.  Once there my abslute favorite thing to do at night is lure volatile zombies close while maintaining a close proximity to my local safe house.  From there, it's lure, burn, blow up, shoot, and chop my way to bloody satisfaction.Oh, sure, then maybe I'll go do a quest.Oh but wait, there's a protect side quest.  Let's do that :).Buy the game."
,Not Recommended,239140,14804167,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BlinK.Dotes,"I havei7 3.4ghz (recomended)8gb ram (recomended)r9 290 (recomended)and the game still runs glitchy as ♥♥♥♥,what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on with this game?"
,Recommended,239140,14804615,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,vdlover,Nothing like Dead island. This game is great. A lot longer story than you would expect of a zombie open world game made by the Dead Island creator. I loved it and almost put it down until I unlocked the second map and it felt like another game again. 9/10
76561198053281539,Recommended,239140,14805142,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,What?,Not gory enoughWould bang jade 100/10
,Recommended,239140,14806206,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,yea,best zombie mirror's edge. buy dis♥♥♥♥♥♥ def worth the $60
76561198078496482,Recommended,239140,14866158,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,K lol,The best game . VR
,Recommended,239140,14203690,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Smile Me,Игра просто шикарная!! Светую всем купить и играть с друзьями.
76561198059641048,Recommended,239140,14869611,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,huri000,"A real zombie apocalipse game.9/10 for gameplay.8/10 for story.10/10 for graphics & audio.Looking forward to see a continuation story & more evovled multiplayer sessions.The ""Be the zombie"" option is a little thin tough. Maybe the developers should add some meat to it."
76561197970704061,Recommended,239140,14472895,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Shotgun_BETTY,"Super fedt - fanger zombie ""stilen"" perfekt. Det er fedt at zombierne er svære at dræbe og at man ofte heller vil undgå dem istedet for at angrib. Kan helt klart anbefales til alle der er glade for zombiespil. Er nok det bedste zombiespil jeg har spillet til dato."
76561198004535193,Recommended,239140,14473156,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Evil Agent Smith,"Great game! The parkour is really fun and is very smooth. This is dead island with some intense graphics and a clean interface. The zombie kills are the best! From cutting off limbs to cutting them completely in half... not to mention all the cool mods for weapons. I've been playing all the missions and I'm not even half way through the actual game with 26 hours currently.Day time is fun and can be challengingNight time is pretty scary and you find yourself running through zombies at night to get away from... some other horrifying zombie.Overall, a great zombie game and worth the 60 bucks!"
,Not Recommended,239140,14474803,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,GM,"Took a little less than 2 weeks to finish while working 8 hours a day 5 days a week. The storyline is well nothing special sadly. Comparing it with The Last of Us if The Last of Us is a 10 out of 10 for story DL is maybe a 3 out of 10. So here's my comparison of DL v's the best games for each category.My ScoreStory: 3/10(A truly terrible storyline with a cliff-hanger ending that makes it seem as if they game was just getting started)Gameplay: 7/10(So much more they could have done with it, Assassins Creed is a few steps ahead of this and far more intuitive. Took me most of the game to get the hang of the basics and the extras you learn are not all useful. Some like the shield are pretty useless. Now if you could use that shield and a weapon together it might have a use but as it is it can barely take five hits from a normal Biter and you can't do anything else at all while using it. Then there's the jumping on Zombies that is great when it works but more than half the time your character jumps on something else if it's not just you and the zombie in close quarters. Sliding may seem cool but aside from going under traps to avoid Biters it's likely to get you killed due to how much momentum you lose. When running away from anything faster than a lowly Biter do not crouch or slide you will most likely die unless it's to slide into a hiding place. And although your character can climb up some poles only about a third of pole-objects are interactive the rest for whatever reason don't let you climb. I could go on but as you can see. Many good ideas poorly implemented.)Action: 5/10(Do not trust the trailers running or sprinting is a great deal slower than it appears in the video clips and even when you finally get to max speed it's barely enough to keep ahead of a Volatile if you are running in a straight line. I don't mind that the Volatiles are fast it's just the max speed of anything in the game still feels sluggish. I can land three hits with my katana in the time it takes the character to swing once and that's only because I haven't practiced in years. Running feels more like a slow job and sprinting is what I'd call running.)Graphics: (6/10)(Better than most games involving zombies but the lighting effects are terrible. The splatter effects are a nightmare. Whoever gets blood on their eyeball to the point that they only see red smudges? Not to mention the filters used during some missions, while under the effect of camouflage or coming out of water are all very unrealistic. Don't even get me started on the combat. I'll just say seeing an x-ray vision of breaking bones takes away from the realism almost as much as the way cutting bits off a zombie and seeing them stitch in cubic angles where they part from the body does. There needs to be an off option for filters and some effects because it destroyed the mood of the game.)Prerequisites: (5/10)(The machine I played it on at first had well above the recommended stats and I never had any issues. I tried it on something well below the requirements and it still ran fine although the shading needed to be turned off. The only issue you come across is when it tries to render hordes of zombies. If it weren’t for all the terrible excess filters almost any machine since 2010 would be able to handle this game; which is to say not only do they not know what their game actually requires to run but they made it very inefficient.)Multiplayer: (4/10)(Dead Island’s multiplayer was about the exact same. The only addition is the human controlled zombie which is useless because no one ever really allows invasions and the few that do tend to die very quickly if you just avoid being seen. Fighting the human controlled Zombie is a challenge but again very few people play as him and the few invasions I’ve stopped were pure accident as even while maxed out it’s very dangerous at night with everything else that can kill you getting in the way of your fight. It’s terribly unbalanced and there are no solo missions for the Zombie so in the end the feature is a bit of a useless gimmick. Multiplayer would be far more fun if there was a fast travel option to keep players together if someone got lost and if there were more ways of interacting aside from just healing and dropping goods as a trade.)OVERALL SCORE (5/10)It loses out majorly compared to the best games for the above categories out at the moment but as far as putting them together the game isn’t completely terrible. However the crafting system is rather dull, the level of interaction with the world is as restrictive as Dead Island with one or two gimmicks added such as traps which aside from the spikes are more troublesome than helpful due to the noise always attracting everything around the area and you need to be quite close to them to set them off.  There are no customisable safe houses worthy of note. I mean is it so much to ask for the ability to pick up a few planks and cover a window or seal a door off? Not to mention the useless windows; unless it’s completely blown out to start with you can’t open or close windows or use them in any way what-so-ever. I would also prefer if you could actually use things while in a safe zone. More than once I found myself taking far more time than would have been needed if I could just use the grappling hook when trying to get over the size of a safe zone. Some safe zones like the tower leave you no choice but to jump into the trash as a quick way out since it takes too long to get your hook active before splattering into the ground when if it had not been restrictive in that way you could have used the towers to get around. Also the grappling hook defies gravity. If you hook at the ground while falling it suddenly does no damage.All in all I can’t recommend anyone pay full price for this and I strongly regret having pre-ordered it rather than just buying it when it came on sale."
,Recommended,239140,14475575,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,hicej^,This is definitely a good game.
76561198136322130,Recommended,239140,14476322,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr Leaf,It's fantastic.Story mode with a friend it a total blast !
,Not Recommended,239140,14476475,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,crazyman3921,"first off, what i like:the game looks pretty good, not amazing but its not missing anything major with the graffics.its is challenging at most times and has you running scared at night but also gives the realism that they cant see you in the dark.the zombie and freerunning goes pretty well togather.what i dont like:30fps lock, you can tell trust me, its really choppy moving and when more then 20 zombies gets on your screen it lags out.the free running controls suck for each grab you have to hold the space bar wich it should be one smooth control.the zombies seem a little overpowered at times.the story isnt that long or intersting.final thoughts.to me its seems rushed, the controls are not smooth and are often way to choppy, i find myself getting more mad at the game because of this then liking it. it is a good concept it just needs alot more work in to it.30fps REALLY, why would you even do that every move feels very choppy and laggy, it just breaks what a good game these guys came out with. everything else i have no problems with i really like this game and what it has to offer."
76561198048235884,Recommended,239140,14476970,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,fuck I want a goth bitch,I literally witnessed a volatile slip and fall to his death. 10/10 would watch again.
,Recommended,239140,14476946,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Freeman,"If you like zombie games and Skyrim then this game is a must!.....This game wasn't on my radar at all, I only heard whispers of it here and there. I decided to give it a go and I am loving every moment of it.Gameplay - The gameplay is amazing! Jumping across rooftops with ease makes getting from one place to the other fun and the lack of fast travel doesn't even cross your mind.Combat - The game it takes a lot from Dead Island with regards to melee, shooting feels very fluid and satisfying to take out the undead.Visuals - O..M..G.. This game looks stunning. I can't count how many times I have stopped to take in the scenery and watched the trees blow in the wind.Story - The main character really does care for the people in this world and I find it added to the story and made the quests more enjoying to compelete. Don't expect anything great from it but all other aspects of the game make up forthe dull tale.For future DLC or installments I think it would be amazing to see this game take on more of a North American setting where you need to travel through suburbia or go through the streets of a major city.All in all I give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,14477077,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sho Minamimoto,"Techland has taken their baby steps from Dead Island and formed a fully-functioning, wonderful survival game. The gameplay feels relatively smooth and combat is scary in the early game, but instantly rewarding in the late game and guns actually carry their real-world prowess as a one-shot, one-kill mechanic. Night times in the both main story and free exploration feels beyond scary and truly terrifying compared to any zombie games of late which purely seem to rely on shock value or treat zombies as a mild inconvenience. Seriously one of the best games I have picked up on day one, and Techland is continuing to better their game by responding to community wants such as a harder game mode and modding tools. An absolute must-buy for a zombie lover like myself.As a fair warning: game is not well-optimized for AMD users. So beware if you're not running a Nvidia card."
76561198021749967,Recommended,239140,14477504,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jazz,"So what we have here is essentially Dead Island Mark II, except with better graphics and a more serious tone.  Also nighttime.Obviously, there's more to it than that.  Let's look at the basic changes:1. More aggressive zombie types.2. Open world.3. Active Missions (ie. missions randomly pop up when you're running around)4. No vehicles.5. More access to firearms.6. Day/night cycle with notably different gameplay.There's more changed from Dead Island than that, but overall it's a similar enough experience.  Essentially, if you didn't like Dead Island (or Riptide), stay the heck away, because not much has changed here.  You run around, you smash zombie's faces in, and you do missions for lazy survivors that honestly shouldn't still be surviving.  The story is rubbish and the parkour is a bit wonky, but it's a fun game in general provided you disregard the B-list villain and supporting cast.Also, the challenge missions are ridicously hard.  Avoid."
,Recommended,239140,14240497,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rico,"Pacifist run= BEST DOCTOR WHO GAME EVER!Honestly though, once you start it you know CO-OP will become this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F18-WFYzOQ4"
76561198168026284,Recommended,239140,14302295,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,matt_cast,the perfect game for me. open world rpg with zombies and endless hours of gameplay. i highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys killing zombies and wandering around a stunning open world.
76561197972843674,Recommended,239140,14517546,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Homo Erectus,Fun game. I say; Buy it.
76561198007310438,Recommended,239140,14517942,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,noreporterino,fun game to play with friends. pretty similar to the dead island games but combined with some fun mechanics. some people say it's repetitive but i didn't mind especially playing coop with friends. i havent played the multiplayer portion of it but it seems like fun from the tutorial i worked through. i would play it again.
76561197988896121,Recommended,239140,14519039,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Grey Death,"This is the best zombie game i played in all my gamer lifetime so far, i recommend it!"
76561198041049726,Recommended,239140,14519050,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MrEvosan,10/10would snap children's necks again.
,Recommended,239140,14520905,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,lokkinload88,"Ive spent alot of time playing this game and ive found it interactive to the extreme, there is always something to do."
,Recommended,239140,14521247,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,the hero and the madman,"Amazing game from beginning to nearly the end. If I had to pick 3 words to describe this game they would be: Immersive, Terrifying, and Awesome.The city of Harran is beautiful, even if it is filled with the dead, and only a few remaining survivors. This game is everything I could hope a survival horror game could be. You have an entirely massive open world that is alive. You have the freedom to run, jump, climb, and soar through the air. You have a multitude of ways to deal with the infected, from your bare hands, to guns, to a massive range of weaponry. Drop kick a zombie off the side of a building, plunge your blade into their chest, break them apart limb by limb and then crush their head with your foot, or blow them up with some dynamite; it's all up to you. You have the opportunity to save people, and help them. The night mode in this game is downright amazing, unlike anything else I've encountered in any other game ever. It's intense, it's terrifying, it's immersive, it's creepy, it's.. everything you would expect in a world filled with zombies at night.This game is worth the $60 bucks I paid, for sure. I have no regrets. I spent 72 glorious hours playing this game. The challenges are fun, they're sometimes very difficult. The side quests are interesting, and are a great compliment to the main story. If you're looking for a game that will truly immerse you in its world and leave you wanting more once it's over, this is the game for you. Come and enjoy the world of Harran for yourself. I don't think you'll be disappointed."
76561198003992704,Recommended,239140,14522003,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Croyd,Great game and one of the best CO-OP system out there.
,Recommended,239140,14523837,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TheRapeTrain,"10/10Stunning graphics, great story, would deffinitely buy again."
76561198015782834,Recommended,239140,19695828,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,[GG]Twicebourne,"This game was sick the only thing I wish they did was have more open worlds, and a longer story mode, but other than that the game is worth buying on sale"
76561198041056090,Recommended,239140,26252957,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,hockeyfreak77,"Ghetto stomped a zombie to death with my friend, 11/10. Would do it aga--oh wait, I already have."
,Recommended,239140,16063236,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lucifer,Ruined my best friends life 666/10
76561198311474417,Recommended,239140,26512614,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,boomstick434,"honestly one of the better games ive played in a while it never failed to keep my attention throuch either parkour, fighting for my life,story/character development, and overall sight seeing. i do highly recomend you pick this game up."
76561198182228671,Recommended,239140,30903502,Posted: 2 April,all,kagemaru,pretty good.everything after story seems kinda hollow thohopefully gets more dlcexcited for DL2 tho
,Recommended,239140,22744419,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Papa Smurf,"Exceptionally good game that incorporates zombies. At the beginning I thought that it was just another post-apocalyptic game, but the opposite is true. It is very difficult to start playing this game and walk away from it, what this game classified as a very addictive. Only a few times I was able to fulfill one mission and leave game. Always story forced me to stay in the game and find out what happens next.If we concentrate on the story, so it got me seriously. In the base game you dont know on which side dou you stand and you think that in the expansion nothing will surprise you anymore, but it will surprise you quite a lot. I would write here more excited things but i dont wanna leave here spoilers.Expansion itself is great, except that a only car (Bugge) which is in game is yours, and it looks a bit depressing. I know that develope of usage other cars could be possibly challenging, but a world where the others can ride on cars and you can change the car, would be slightly more entertaining.The big plus is the amount of side quests and challenges that can be played. After following the main story, there is still reason why return to game and play. And do not forget to mention the possibility of cooperation or be zombie mode. It is really great."
76561198118306628,Recommended,239140,20676579,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DESTROYER GAMING,"This was my day, I went outside with my sledge hammer and rifle. I beat a few people's heads in. Searched trash bins and looted some tills. Went into the market, got a few head shots with my rifle. Climbed onto high buildings and ""THIS IS SPARTA!!!!""ed some walkers. A bunch of guys in uniforms started shooting at me when I went close to thier stash to get some medicine..... I ended up with more guns too.Then night came.... I was scared. I could hear the screams now. Blue lights flickered on in the distance. The dangerous amored ones were comming after me due to the noise. I ran for my life, climbed a high building in hopes of getting away, but now they used their range attacks. Thankfully I got into a apartment and managed to hide untill morning. With the search off and the dangerous one's out of sight I returned to my home in order to replenish my ammo and repair my blades. Though before I went out again I decieded to boot up my PC and play some Dying Light.....it was fun."
,Recommended,239140,26481339,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,CMDRATA,"One of the best singleplayer and co-op game I've played so far.Story is not the best but It's quite interesting and fun.Co-op is great and flawless.Combat mechanics, movement, parkouring and meele system is on point.( Meele is so good that you dont even wanna use guns)Side quests are the best side of this game helps you lvl up fast and gives you items. Other than that the random events and the overall side quests are surprising and exciting even better than the main story in my opinion. I'm almost 40 hours in the game and still on 50 percent in the story.Game is really hard at the start but as you lvl up unlock new perks and skills you become a zombie killing machine and you learn a lot of fun different mechanics of the game.Cons:Optimasation (got better with patches)Pvp systemFkin towersOverall10/9"
76561198168890557,Recommended,239140,26524261,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,erkki,Really good game if you plaing it Co-op mode.
76561197988214379,Recommended,239140,26525877,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,abuman44,this is a freakin awesome game. i would say probably play alone for a while because its my first time and within a couple hours i had gold items from another player lol oh well. still very fun!
76561198007562406,Recommended,239140,24625402,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Skeleton,"This game is amazing, it is absolutely one of the best games out there. Visually stunning is to say the least.  Extremely addictive gameplay.  I have played through the main story and am currently enjoying  The Following.  This game is insanely fun, destroying zombies has never been so good. Nobody should have or should be posting negative reviews for this game.  People that are experiencing problems with game crashes and blue screens, need first learn how to configure their hardware and overclocks properly."
76561198091949345,Recommended,239140,26445025,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,It's a good shooter with nice controls/mechanics although the story lacks and I it would be great if we could have any choice while talking to NPCs.Playing at night (in game) is dangerous for your heart (but fun!).When it starts getting repetitive (and boring) it changes the scenary which was great.All in all I do recomend it (a must have in sales).
,Recommended,239140,30903820,Posted: 2 April,all,Cal - twitch.tv/Hoachin,"If you liked the Dead Island franchise, you'll love this!Worth the full price, even better on sale."
,Recommended,239140,26490955,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LNTC -N-,Is gud game.
76561197996481731,Recommended,239140,30905700,Posted: 2 April,all,Lerkur,"When night comes, adrinaline increases in Real Life are not uncommon. Some things don't just go bump in the night."
76561198021961721,Recommended,239140,23093205,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SiP,Best zombie game 2015
,Recommended,239140,26479716,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ｄｅｍｏｎ,threw a molotov at a crying child 10/10
76561198369601292,Recommended,239140,30904352,Posted: 2 April,all,comeaux818,"I bought it for ps4 on release in 2015 and loved it. Bought my first gaming pc less than a month ago, and saw it on sale with all the dlc\add-ons so bought it.  The game looks fantastic, and if your in to the zombie genre this is the best of the best of that genre."
,Recommended,239140,26467008,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Whiskey'); DROP TABLE Players;--,"The freerunning is far better than any game I've ever played before. Almost always does exactly what I want. Even better than Assassins Creed movement, that regularly jumps up where I don't want it to."
76561198233574664,Recommended,239140,26356781,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,RaGeViiP3RZ,very nice game
76561198119532677,Recommended,239140,14270201,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spider.,Dying Light is a very well made game.The combination of first person combat and the free running brings a new element to gaming.The co-op is very fun and provides help on quests if you are stuck.But when night comes around you best be prepared to run fight or cower in a corner as the nightmares begin to hunt you.This game is definatly worth the look.10/10
,Recommended,239140,14270346,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,QuarterCollector33,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit.Pros-Awesome gameplay-Smooth, fun, parkour.-Awesome combat system(Though somekind of one-hit takedown from behind would be nice)-Great StoryCons-Performance. Lackluster FPS on most GPU'sYep, just FPS issues. And the water looks kind of crappy from afar."
76561198151992073,Recommended,239140,14209967,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pajakus,Great game so far........no its perfect
,Recommended,239140,14271110,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,✪Roco,"You can dropkick zombies off of buildings.Oh, you're still here..? ""buy"" button is up there, mate..Oh, there are performance issues on mid-high end PCs :L"
76561198025610862,Recommended,239140,14271169,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,kzcriminal,"I REALLY love this game, so much gameplay available, combat is really good, story is very nice with some humour dialogue"
76561198041290852,Recommended,239140,14305062,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jesus Christ,"10/10 would burn antizan again, 10/10 would get eaten again 10/10 would use dockets early again, overall 10/10 would messup everything again"
76561198050503208,Recommended,239140,14305110,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kptheepic,im loving it!! a ton of zombies and i mean endless amount!perfect amount of carnage!weapons and upgrades are perfect and fun!online play is spot on!fun and exciting quests and challenges! ( and fun does'nt mean easy lol )very scary parts!great story ( main quest line )i can go on and on about the many things that are great about this game!kptheepicill be playing this game for a while!Thank you
76561198024466266,Recommended,239140,14305246,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Flying-Pigeon,awesome game !! the story is great the zombies are so thirsty for your blood !! this is a needed game for zombies killer !!!
76561198044978709,Recommended,239140,14305317,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,de_onion,It's fun when you throw fireworks and a zombie wants to free fall from a tall building just to see the sparks.The only thing bad is that the zombies don't do flips when they fall :(this game is 100/10 for falling zombies
76561198026766396,Recommended,239140,14305335,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,sifamily4,Want to see a MMO Game like this!  Having a lot of fun so far with this game.
,Recommended,239140,14305359,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Type One Diabetic,way better than dead island
,Recommended,239140,14305659,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,imafraidoftoasters,Weird controls takes some getting use to but great game 9/10
76561198117524586,Recommended,239140,14305800,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,charlie,awesome graphics just goddamnit these zombies wont die haha but really interactive just multiplayer to many hackers
,Recommended,239140,14306802,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Meeka,"I love this zombie survival game, it has a lot of RPG elements / progress.A lot of fun in co-op with drop-in drop-out."
,Recommended,239140,14306862,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Vq.| TheHound,Dying Light is an Awesome Zombie Survival Game Love the Graphics and Parkour Game is Good i recommend it to Zombie Lovers.
76561197978153607,Recommended,239140,14307136,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Powered by *Nix,Great game! nice concept and allcons for it would be its poor optimization for AMD CPUs but it is still playable at high except for shadowsI have an AMD FX-8350 @ 4.7 GhzAsus R9 270x16 gb 1600 MhzI got 100 FPS inside buildings and 20 to 60 FPS outside but I still enjoy the game a lot. I would suggest waiting to buy it if you are like me 100% AMD rig!
,Recommended,239140,14307174,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Pheo,"Now, some people think that this game is going to stink just because it has some properties the same as Dead Island, but it has a completely different feel to it. The parkour in the game is so much fun, It's amazing. Being able to jump rooftop to rooftop whenever you want. One of the most scary things about this game is when you are being chased and you jump onto the side of a building, it feels like they are going to pull you off.Ok. I'm just gonna make this short yet sweet. Should you get Dying Light,Heck yes."
,Recommended,239140,14307244,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mr.Grumpy,"I've always wanted a free roam zombie game. Yea the was Dead Island but it just didn't feel like the kind of free roam I wanted. And then around 6 months ago I see the ""Dying Light"" game. And i'm all like ""Hmmm that sounds cool"". So I checked it out. Fell in love with it at first sight. Around 5 months later I pre-order it. And like every game, pre-ordering is a commitment. And I found myself feeling a bit uneasy about it. But the doubt was quickly abolished the minute I got in-game the day it came out.Its got-hardcore parkour to the max-many interesting weapons-cool leveling system-and fun-to-smash zombies- engaging storyThe ""be the zombie"" mode is an amazing adrenaline rush everytime, no matter if your the runner or night hunter and, contrary to many people's initial belief, its very balanced. If the night hunter can utilize his abilities well and come up with a good strategy on how to kill the runners, them runners are going to have a hard time. Its the same for the runners too, they could easily give the hunter a hard time. (Though I do think the UV flashlights range should be cut a bit.)So yea I think this is the best review I can do for this. Personally I would easily give it a 10/10. But hey, everyone likes different things. So if your sceptical on whether or not this game is for you just take into consideration what I've said.Give it a try, its definitely worth it."
,Recommended,239140,14307493,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Babazi,I SURVIVED A NIGHT!!
,Recommended,239140,14307642,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,OregonCronic,Love the game
,Recommended,239140,14307695,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,redsn0w,Nice game...
,Recommended,239140,14307711,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Daniel Bae Lewis,"Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,And learn, too late, they grieved it on it's way,Do not go gentle into that good night.10/10 Would rage, rage against the dying of the light."
,Recommended,239140,14189291,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kelasleon,The problem was fixed on launch day...this game is good its dead island with mirrors edge preety good but wait for sale
76561198029002678,Recommended,239140,14309291,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,HungDaddy69,Assassins screed + Farcry + Dead Island? Hell yeah!
76561198031028744,Recommended,239140,14309528,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,EEK99,"This game is a lot of fun compared to other games I have played. Dead Island for one, got boring real quick. I like how this isn't your typical ""destroy the brain and they die"" type of game. It requires a little more work than that. The differences between night and day also had a lot more value to the game as you have to change up your approach to accomplishing tasks. I also enjoy the fact that you can literally go anywhere."
76561198098090983,Recommended,239140,14295084,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheFilthySandwich,amazing.
76561198072610223,Recommended,239140,14295701,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,\SMF/ Commandre,I played this on the lowest graphics for fps reasons and it stil looks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing.the combat is also a lot more difficult then in other zombie games. if you are looking for a good zombie game that wil keep you busy for a long then this is your man.
76561198004526913,Recommended,239140,14298369,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,animojaqu,"This game is awesome! Single player, mulitplayer, and coop all in one. Very reminiscent of Left 4 Dead, except no predetermined boards. Truly a AAA game worth $60, but if its on discount then don't even hestitate to buy it."
,Recommended,239140,14298479,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,HellBringer 666 (Team Autism),"""good thing theres nothing sharp in garbage or falling 500 feet into a 1 layer pile of garbage may hurt""im gonna say this to get it over with this game is a mix with heavy dead island mechanics and looks, with chunky running, jumping, and climbing like asassins creed. BUT it makes it look good and play well, i would only recommend this game on a desktop or something that can run AAA games at medium setting with 40-60 frames lower then that and its way to chunky to play. and on low setting you cant see the writing on the wall and the charachters to the old style chinese movie style talking where they talk and then thier lips move. PLAY WITH FRIENDS from personal experience with my friend xeno and fortis this game gets 1000x funnier with friends because the ammount of things that can happy multi,tripi, quadruplify (sorry for my spelling) but the 4 player option is amazing and connecting is not an issue at all. now for the nightime untill your an official badass going outside to fight is suicide and that is the butter on the bread cause you get litteraly terrified at night cause these things♥♥♥♥♥♥your face.so finallypros: never/rarely have connection problems, works well on medium setting, grappling hook makes night time survivablecons: leveling up gets useless after about level 10, undevelped characters, short over all storydo i recommend this game?:Absolutely, the story line lacks in meat but it makes up for that in sidequests and challenges"
,Recommended,239140,14298676,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Søppelmannen,"I give it a 8,731492201 / 10Pros:DropkickingCons:Rice? (edit: Rais)Conclusion:Is nice, okay?"
76561198079983256,Recommended,239140,14298741,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Lewis,Still waiting for the light to kill me....
,Recommended,239140,14299282,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jon Snow,Campaign works perfectly fine for me(98%).no glitch(yet).2 crashes- something about rebuffering idk idkpretty hard to findblueprints!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i am not sure about be the zombie...or coop
,Recommended,239140,14299724,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Spooky,"This game was worth it.I think this game could potentially one of the best games of 2015, its a great idea, and as long as it keeps getting updated, with one patch already, its looking to be a top contender.ConsPerformance bugs, they are fixing this, but there are many issues depending on what type of rig you have.Random freezes, still rampant on the current patch, but sometimes happen mostly during cutscenes. Can also happen during combat but Ive experianced it mostly online with others during combat. (Mainly spitters.)Things break easy, can't use the water pipe the entire game unless youre lucky, gg.Be The Zombie mode is very unbalanced in the players favor, unless you're a high level zombie its pretty bad.ProsYou can russian drop kick a zombie and send him flying into a wall of spikes, how neat is that?Awesome simple crafting, make a fire axe really a fire axe on fire.Hardcore-Parkour.Co-op is fun, and you dont have to recomplete story missions like in Far Cry if you do them with your partner.Dead Island 2.0, you'll love this game if you liked Dead Island.Looks amazing.Good combat system, gore everywhere.Decently realistic, if you shoot a gun, zombies come running after you, explosions, etc.Fry a zombie with an electric fence trap, explosions, etc.Verdict.You may experiance some bugs and performance issues with this game, because so far I have not heard of anyone not having atleast some trouble, but this game is worth it. They're working on fixes, and the first patch made the game much more stable, I would recommend this to any friend."
,Recommended,239140,14300458,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,captkidd,Awsome game me and my son love the co op !!
,Recommended,239140,14300734,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Wills,"A quick breakdown is in order for sure:Mechanics:Combat is much like Dead Island in a sense, aside from the human enemies being the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥so far IMHO.Plays very smoothly on my computer, which contradicts what the game was made to be played on which is Nvidia (i own an AMD) But a smooth game nonetheless.Story:I have heard many people, YouTubers in specific say that the story isn't particularly gripping. Personally i think otherwise, but that may be because i have chosen to pace myself. I recommend because the story is quite interesting in its own wayGraphics: AmazingOverall:I would recommend this game to anyone, especially those whom have people to play this game with. Alone it's both a little repetitive and somewhat irritating. Otherwise an amazing game so far"
,Recommended,239140,14300754,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,iSword,Best way to kill some time !
76561198086238997,Recommended,239140,14300774,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,JasperSucksDuck,"LOVE THE GAME.. had high hopes from the beginning and they are still high for almost beating the game completley, This game really reminds me of the Dead Island series which it should its just a nice feel to have an optimized working game.. my system is over qualified to run this game but I have played AC unity and my 2 980's were working there♥♥♥♥♥off to stay at 22 FPS on low settings. I recomend this game to everyone it is a really nice game and have super high hopes for the DLC in the future"
,Recommended,239140,14300981,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,SSGSS Bob Ross,"Dying light is what you get when you combine Mirror's edge and Dead island, then mix in a bit of Farcry.As soon as load the game the graphics look very nice, and seem to be well optimized for high FPS.The combat for the most part feels very fluid and fun, being able to chain hits together and decapitate multiple zombies with one handed weapons. Although early on in the game, you run out of stamina pretty quick from swinging a pipe around, so you might just want to stick to running around on rooftops untill you get better skills and gear.I love the freerunning in this game, it feels very Mirrors edge-y. You can outrun common zombies (Biters) easily, so they aren't too threatening. The skill trees are nicely designed and, instead of choosing your favorite skill tree to put all your points into, you get skill points for the different trees by doing things related to them (eg. Climing to get agility points).The crafting system is pretty generic, but it works. You can craft quite a variety of weapon mods that let you create some pretty cool looking weapons. In addition to weapons, you can also craft tools such as explosive shurikens, grenades, sheilds, ect. You'll learn how to craft new items as you level up.You feel pretty safe in the day, what with there being few zombies that can chase you, but at night, the game changes from running rooftop to rooftop, looting, and killing weak zombies, to a stealth action game, where you hide from demonic spawn that can chase you down and rip you to pieces (Volatiles). However you do get double XP at night, giving you an insentive you stay out late.Well overall, I'd say I really enjoy this game. I know this review dosn't cover everything in the game, but its just to give people an idea of what its like. If you like games like Farcry or Dead island, or maybe you're entertained by dropkicking zombies off of buildings of various hights, then I would recommend this game."
76561198062802010,Recommended,239140,14301457,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,VidGgeek(rus),"An awesome game with an awesome gameplay. The open world is very large and there are a lot of buildings you can climb, making the parkour feature perfect. The zombie-bashing part is also really fun and easy to master. Just don't expect a lot of guns blazing since the weapons are really hard to find and ammunition is quite scarce as well.The story is also good. Yeah, maybe there are some cliches here and there, but hey, where are they not? There's also a huge haul of side quests which, for once, aren't repetitive."
,Recommended,239140,19755271,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,poppahallsh,Dying Light made me love the flodded zombie shooter genre again. Its use of parkour and melee combat is on par or better than all the competition. Plus the game especially in higher resolutions is absolutely breath taking.
76561198002526111,Recommended,239140,19797216,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,"Great game, sort of reminds me of a coop State of Decay. But a great coop zombie romp, with good parkor, story and crafting. Being able to mod on top of it is a bonus. Win."
76561198132446223,Recommended,239140,19789223,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Umpa Lumpa society.gg,Dying lightMe: Kicks zombie off roofAlso me: Watches zombies head fall of when he reaches the ground.12/10 would play this game over and over.
,Recommended,239140,25959612,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mr.Maťo.^,"Beat the game more than 3 times.+ Best zombie game I've ever played+ Graphics+ Story line+ Side Quests+ A lot of weapons, upgrades and more...- F***ing stamina- Not too much guns- No upgrades on guns9/10 <3"
,Recommended,239140,27469686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,asdf_ck,The best co-op I've ever played!
,Recommended,239140,27109415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cam,"I'm simple minded when it comes to games, I see survival and zomibes? I click recommend."
,Recommended,239140,27108680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TrexelCat,"To be quite honest, I didn't really expect much from this game, thinking it yet another first person shooter, with zombies. I was pleasantly surprised that while that is true, it's also rather fun to play. I love the co-op functionality, allowing your friends to join you in a zombie slaughterfest. I also love that unlike other zombie games where your goal is to kill every zombie you see, in this game that sort of thinking will probably get most killed. Forcing one to think of other ways to do things.A definite con to the game though is a two parter. The be the zombie mode, combined with cheaters/hackers. I'm not one to shy away from a challange, but when you go against another player who is using mods/cheats/hacks to gain an unfair advantage because they don't like to lose, that becomes a problem. One could vac secure their game, but that only stops some of them. The others who have managed to avoid being vac banned while cheating/hacking will still come in to ruin your fun becaue they find it funny.All-in-all though, I would still recomend this game for fans of the zombie survival. I've put in 124.5 hours as of the time of this writing, and plan to put in more as I complete the game a second time on nightmare mode."
76561198339285575,Recommended,239140,27098828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wikipedia,This game is mad cool
,Recommended,239140,27454167,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bAcKTuRTLe,Yeeees
,Recommended,239140,27433625,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BAPEHuK,Лучшая игра на ночь!
,Recommended,239140,30940886,Posted: 4 April,all,Tiimmy Turnup,It was super fun but ran out of things to do at 80 hours
,Recommended,239140,27456204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,veNICK,This game the best of the best of all I've seen!
76561198073064045,Recommended,239140,27460544,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkSkull,Very great game if you've got some time to kill.
76561198063625952,Recommended,239140,27395626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bobbymclovin87,One of the best zombie games
,Recommended,239140,27393417,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tiara...Why?,"You can get pipe wrenches that do 5x as much damage as swords and arrows that can effortlessy pierce riot armour.Yeah, I'd say it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,239140,27397402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,High Plains Drifter,"I cannot get enough of this game. I beat this game, thoroughly on the XBox, and had to get it on here to play with friends, not to mention the sweet deals on the DLC. I may not have the same amount of hours as some, but I plan on putting in tons more. This game is worth it!"
76561198125279761,Recommended,239140,27364886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Krexios,Just started but great start. Can feel the adrenaline when at night and when you get surprised attacked.
,Recommended,239140,27368348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bonzo,"Yeah the campaign is neat. Keeps you engaged till the end. The environment is fun, makes you want to explore and doesn't feel repetitive. Fighting zombies in this way hasn't really been done like this (well) before. I had loads of fun during the single player.But this game ACTIVATES when you begin playing with friends. It goes from a cool zombie survival adventure game to the goofiest shenanigans you can imagine. The way the game handles players interacting with the environment; from the drop kicks to the 360 spins-to-winz, I never expected this game to make my side achieve orbit.Serious survival has never been more goofy and amazing. I thoroughly look forward to making zombies achieve lift as the gas tanks on their back take them to space (or the nth dimension)."
76561198125370047,Recommended,239140,27363943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,legend10116,The best type of a zombie game is when parkour and zombies meet. Thats when the games get real fun
,Recommended,239140,27364317,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,spaceslug,Kill all undead!
,Recommended,239140,27367683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cookebooks,Good quality content.
,Recommended,239140,27379274,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lucky s u c c y,"This game is a truly stunning game if you have the right specs to play it. It is a zombie survival game with an intense yet diverse (meaning non-linear) story line which has an impecable combat play style. Although multiplayer is somewhat stale as it can get very annoying to find a co-op or any other game mode where people don't kick you or just have no one join, the single player campaign gives me the a reason to call it the best zombie open world game I've ever played so far which even exceeds dead island (except the final boss battle which is a QTE that should not be included in future games). Even though Dead Island was a classic that I used to play for hours and hours with friends including the sequel, Dead Island riptide, Dying light is a treat to the fans as this game will make you completely forget about Dead Island."
,Recommended,239140,27378430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Corak the Mysterious,"Remember when you saw the trailer for Dead Island, and it looked amazing? And then it turned out to be awful? Dying Light is that game, made real. A big open world from a first person perspective with tight controls, good movement, excellent melee and shooting combat. When you first step out onto the street, it is downright scary to see a horde of zombies when you are armed with only a wrench. Just traveling a few blocks is intimidating.There is a skill/perk system that makes you progressively more powerful, and by the end of the game you can pretty much take out anything, but it stays exciting throughout. Highly recommend."
76561197970427521,Recommended,239140,15068297,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,rgarman,"Do you like to kill zombies? If yes, get this game. If not, get this game."
,Recommended,239140,15068409,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mijad,"The little bit of the game I've played is simply amazing. It has almost every aspect I look for in a survival style game. The crafting system is amazing, the same as what was used in the Dead Island games. The zombies are done better than any other zombie style game I've played, and I'm willing to recommend this game to anyone that enjoys this style.Now, here's my ONE issue with this game. The graphic settings can't go down to 'low'. They stop at medium. Granted that I REALLY need a new computer, or at least an actual consol system, but due to the lack of a lower setting than medium, I find the game difficult to run without extreme amounts of lag that causes me a lot of pain and suffering (both in game and out, heh). Other than this one thing, I have no complaints."
,Recommended,239140,15071400,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Meeloo,Okay. I use AMD. It lags. But. It doesn't ruin the game experience for me. I am working on fixing it. But i love the looks and i love the Characters. Great story.8.2/10 if it wouldn't lag i would give it a 9/10 but not yet.
,Recommended,239140,15041673,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SGTTURK,NOW IT'S UP TO JOACHIN PHOENIX TO SOLVE ALL THE MYSTERIES!
76561198003255989,Recommended,239140,14963328,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Brighteyes,"After spending 35 hours in Harran with Rais, Brecken and the G.R.E. I felt compelled to write about how many genuine emotions I felt while playing Dying Light!From the very start, parkouring around the top of a skyscraper gives you a small sense of vertigo but at later parts of the game found myself tense up and say out loud ""don't look down!"" as I hung one handed from a ledge.When you are first left outside as night draws in and you have to run back to a safehouse chased by volatiles you wil feel utter panic. Upon reaching a safe area, you feel exactly that, safe, a bed and a chance to think what to do next.The audio in Dyling Light again works on your emotions. Your faint watch alarm going off to inform you night has arrived then immediately a scream from all around you from volatiles as they are now able to leave thier tunnels and hiding places, it makes you instantly think I need to get somewhere safe NOW! There is also a guitar rift which occasionally sounds as you explore which sounds like its straight out of an old sixties zombie b-movie and this for me added a lot of atmosphere.One last thing about Dying Light, about a month after its release it was patched and on first starting up the game I was met with a short clip from the creator of the game thanking me for buying and telling me what had been updated with the patch, something I've never seen before and adds a level of customer service to the gaming industry.Thankyou."
76561198048405656,Recommended,239140,14197368,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MaCkEm RiPpA,"just plain and simple WOW....only thing i dislike is the way ya loot.  worth every penny...MY RIG = Processor : 1 x Intel Core I7-4790K CPU, Quad Core, 1150, 88W, 4GHz, 8MB Cache, HD GFX, Overclockable, Devil`s Canyon, Retail: xMotherboard : 1 x Gigabyte Intel Z97 (Socket 1150) DDR3 ATX Motherboard ()Case : 1 x NZXT Enthusiast Midi Tower Gaming Case - WhiteCooler : 1 x Corsair H100 Liquid High Performance Cpu Cooler + 2 x 120mm Fans - Intel OnlyMemory : 1 x Gskill 16GB (2x8GB) Dual Channel Kit Trident X (DDR3 2400/10-12-12-31/1.65v)Video Card : 1 x Palit 4Gb Nvidia GeForce GTX 970 4GBHarddrive : 1 x Samsung 250Gb EVO 2.5” SATA III SSD Basic Solid State DriveHarddrive_2 : 1 x Seagate 2Tb Seagate SATA 3 6Gb/Ps Hard drive 7200RPM - 64Mb CachePsu : 1 x ANTEC 750 Watt True Power 80Plus Gold Certified PSUOptical Drive : 1 x Pioneer 16x Multilayer BDRW - Retail boxedOs : 1 x Microsoft Windows 8 Pro 64-bit DVD - OEMHAPPY GAMING PPL"
76561198141275113,Recommended,239140,14197378,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Papi,"fantastic game. I think it´s one of the best survival games ever come out until now. I played few main story and ""Be The Zombie"" online mode and it´s been pretty fun"
76561198105965691,Recommended,239140,15280302,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,SRF `,"""Good Night , Good Luck""This is awesome game , thank you !"
76561198152484095,Recommended,239140,15280360,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Thatdrunkcanadian,love it no word to explain how good the sceaneri is and all michanics and everything about the game
76561198004352626,Recommended,239140,14478248,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FredDurst,Outstanding. This is honestly one of the best zombie games I've ever played.
76561198044336923,Recommended,239140,14478665,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,TheHogfather,"This is a concept a lot of gamers have been waiting for; freerunning and zombies,  at the same time. the game is smooth and the storyline is interesting enough, but even after that youl find that your either too high, or too low of a level to want to keep playing the story, and the game isnt big enough (in story length and map size) to hold a leveling system at all, and by the end of the game you dont even get a boss that makes you feel like you did something to beat him, its just a bunch of quicktime events. the coop is fun by the verses is awful, the game is stacked in the humans favor if they know what there doing. it dosent matter howw good the zombie is, just a matter of how careful the human is. dont buy the game until it drops in price because youl spend just about as much time playing it as you would the campaign of any fps like COD or battlefield."
,Recommended,239140,14479454,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rogue trooper 2015,"The game first starts out similar to dead island in the gameplay department, but once the sun goes down that`s when the game takes on a whole new persona, with a strong story and a great survival atmosphere this is a brilliant addition to any survival horror collection, and the chance to play as the night hunter gives you a break from the main story."
,Recommended,239140,14482004,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[NiA] Oobi Doobi Kenoobi,Very good game if you like Dead Island or Dead Rising or any other zombie game.7/10
76561197991818992,Recommended,239140,14482134,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Heartstone,Welcome to Far Cry: Zombie Edition. Dying light manages to upstage it's fairly obvious muse in that the story and mechanics in Dying Light far exceed what has been achieved by the Far Cry series. Having said that the influence of Ubisofts giant is cleat throughout this zombie smasher and it even sadly continues the narrative whereby the American Hero saviour ends up in generic backward country to show the locals how things should be done. That distasteful line aside the free-running works extremely well .The protagonist is fairly unlikeable as he seems to spend much of his time whining about doing what he agreed so happily to do in the first place that being stabbing everyone in the back for money.Mechanically very solid game. Free-running being partly based on looking makes it miles better than the free-running seen in other titles even if it takes some getting used to and the dense urban landscape makes for an interesting playground. The shift between day and night makes a huge difference to the way you have to play which makes it a shame you can simply skip this transition by sleeping the night away for the majority of the game.The game on the PC however is still plagued by crashes and issues with interacting with hardware in weird ways which really cuts into the strides it has made in making an immersive experience. Still needs a few more weeks at least of patching to be stable.Overall I would say it shows serious mechanical improvement on the FarCry series it is so obviously ripping off and even manages to inject some interesting storyline between bouts of shouting 'USA! USA!' but be warned it's not as polished as it thinks it is.7 exploding mutant fire zombies out of 9
76561198150610784,Recommended,239140,14482328,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,JustASniper,day 1 from when i started got an a orange wep my first night ... got pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up by zombies day 2 morning ended the game !! this game op i cant stop play it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,14483056,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BloodshotGamer525,"At first the game is hard, you need to single out enemies and choose the battles you fight and the ones you run from. You start off not doing much damage, you can't take much and you climb slowly. Story is predictable, gameplay is fun from fighting to running and the night is terrifying early on. The matchmaking for ""Be the Zombie"" is slow and doesn't work too well so it takes a while to get a game and you're starting zombie is next to useless and is only good at getting oppurtunity kills until you level up to level 3 or 4, then you have a better ground to stand on against survivors. I enjoyed the time I spent in the game and think it was worth the money. The games selling point is the gameplay it's Mirror's Edge mixed with Dead Island, so if the game looks fun in an impressions video to you or you liked Dead Island this should be a good game for you."
,Recommended,239140,14483811,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MurderFace,"When I started playing, I was disappointed a bit. I wasn't feeling the intro missions before you get to roam. I sped through them and was bored. But once you get out there, it's very fun. Movements feel fluid. The missions aren't spectacular amazing. They're alright. The fun part for me is getting from point A to point B. Visually the game looks nothing like the images. Like they dumbed down the graphics. Looks like it was ported to PC from console. The game looks fuzzy and not crisp like in the images. I have max settings which is basicaly only the option to turn texture quality to High. Disappointing right? Either way, it's still fun. I didn't realize I spent 6 hours playing and only completed like 5% of the main mission. You kind of have fun and distracted in between missions. So I recommened for gameplay and mechanics. I had to force myself to play Watchdogs, but this game i'm excited to play when I get home. (Not that those 2 games are comparable, just a thought I had)"
,Recommended,239140,14484054,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SnprR,yep
76561198055043953,Recommended,239140,14484285,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ho Lee Fuk,this is awesome game play it! buy it!this is best zombie game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.this is like Dead Island 2 or Dead Island 1so if you like zombie games :) and i don't know if you doso if you do this is the game thet ment or kreated for you!.guys play this game get bether weapons kill zombies and........i realy recomended this awesome zombie gamegj. dying light devolempers gj.
,Recommended,239140,14485975,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,M0TIV8ING,"Beautiful, just simply beautiful. Many believe the game is like Dead Island, but I assure you it has so much differentiality that you could throw that assumption out the window. If you love parkour, big city destruction, bad guys, and, of course, zombies, then this game is just what you would love. Beat it already and now playing with a friend and playing new game plus. See you on the field!"
76561197998260175,Recommended,239140,14487205,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lab,"If I had to summarize this game, I would say it was ""Dead Island"" influenced by ""Far Cry 3"" with some ""Mirror's Edge"" mixed in to keep things awesome. Open world game—runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my computer because my motherboard is old enough that it only supports DDR2—with a lot of freedom of movement. The beginning is a struggle. Not because it's hard, but because you don't have the abilities or items that really makes things awesome *cough cough* dropkick *cough cough*. Your weapons are weak, you run kinda slow, and nobody likes you.Skill trees are the same between characters, as far as I can tell, and each tree levels seperately. Parkour and kill stuff with the environment to earn agility, bash their heads in to earn power, and do quests/random events to earn survivor experience. The main difference between the skill trees is the order you spend your points.Night time is intense. Don't go outside at night unless you're ready to hide or run, because that's when the fun zombies come out... and they're faster than you."
,Recommended,239140,14487533,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Eros,"When i first got the game it was riddled with optimization problems and being such a heavy load on my good computer; yet with the latest patch the developers showed actual care for the consumer with it. I went from low FPS and freezing when getting grabbed to solid 60 fps on max settings!On to the game itself; The game combines many different ideas from several parkour and zombie games, yet it does it in a wonderful way that feels fun. The parkour and climbing system feels very fluid and stable, while the combat is solid and just feels nice to destroy zombies. The Graphics are some of the best I have seen and just leaves me in awe looking at some of the views.I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of either Zombies or Parkour, or who just love games with Amazing graphics."
,Recommended,239140,14488879,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CSplat Straws,"Definitely reccomend this game! It has the best aspects of a zombie game combined with a parkour feelign of mirrors edge. By far the best game of the year so far and a must have for anyone! (one thing i would like to see added in the video options is a borderless/edgeless setting, due to my crappy computer)"
,Recommended,239140,14303125,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Tsik-vai Severum,"Amazing game, worth every coin."
76561197971304388,Recommended,239140,14239469,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Zanakin,"Dying Light is the most awsome zombie killing game ive ever played. If it works good on your PC of course. 9/10 imo, i would give it 10 if there where more zones. Who cares though, after lvl 12 or so you can become a crazy zombie killer and it fun as hell. Chopping them like butter with a electric katana is probably my favorite."
76561198130377426,Recommended,239140,14240077,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Shrek,the game concept is very good i like it . Its also very scary and realistic i will recommend people who like zombie game to play dying light it is worth very cent u spent on this game <3 100/100
,Recommended,239140,14240282,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SHEFFboyRD,"Dying Light has taken the basic game structure and formula of Dead Island, and then expounded upon it in all the right ways.  The expansive and detailed world can be traversed and explored in countless ways thanks to the impressively smooth movement system that allows you to climb/parkour your way just about anywhere, and with much less glitchy frustration than you'd expect from a first-person game.In the daytime, the game largely consists of familiar elements like crafting/upgrading weapons and items, dispatching or avoiding various types of undead, being everyone's hero/errand boy, wandering aimlessly, etc.  Once night falls, however, the dynamic of the game changes dramatically, and it is then that it stops feeling so much like a Dead Island installment and more like an open world take on intense survival horror games.  Familiar lumbering zombies give way to hellish, grotesque creatures with terrifying inhuman physical abilities.  You inevitably find yourself dreading night, often frantically moving toward the nearest safe zone in the dying light.Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,239140,14240633,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,【LH】 GordonBrown,The Game Is Pretty Good if you can run it Story wise was a bit dull but hey Im not gonna rant about it 7/10 is a well deserved rating hopefully dlc will include more maps and even more weapons since they have a lack of guns atm
76561198031756758,Recommended,239140,14240973,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,HAGLER,Dying Light is the best game i own! Highly anticipated and the results are gorgeously gruesome! Great work and long game. I went from SKyrim to this and what an epic journey it has been. Will be playing this for years! Also looking forward to a lot of DLCs and some workshop fun!!!!!! Thank you Steam!
,Recommended,239140,14241119,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DUH REAL ASIAN,"Dying Light is a game I would definitely recommend to any gamer that likes a good zomie game, just not right now.  If you don't already own the game and you are looking through reviews before you buy it, you may see that there is no AMD support and that there are severe performance issues.  There is.  While performance is terrible for now, I'm sure everyone, including me, is hoping for an update that will fix these issues.  7/10 for now, 9/10 after performance is fixed."
,Recommended,239140,14241312,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,.m4gg0t!,One of the best zombies games i've play in a while!
,Recommended,239140,14241970,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Suliplays,best game ever but still need some patchs becasue its always crashing
76561198078837093,Recommended,239140,14214634,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Beep Boop Cowboy,amd peasants must suffer
76561198042091362,Recommended,239140,14242323,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Wrek N9ne,"Extremely fun game. I was honestly prepared to be disappointed by this title but it turned out to be something really enjoyable. Still has a few problems such as performance and few bugs every know and again. The latest patch (30/01/2015) improved performance for me a little bit, however it did completely remove the stuttering and allowed me to up my view distance without a huge performance hit like it did pre-patch.There are a good variety of side-quests to do and the world is overall really enjoyable to run around and murder zombies in. The voice acting is honestly pretty bad and the lip-synching is questionable. Some characters have fairly good lip-sync while others are just not even close to being accurate.Also the variety of ""special"" zombies in this game are pretty good. Some of them you will have likely seen in other zombie games before this, but some will be a pretty good suprise.Do I recommend the game? Yes.Do I think you should wait for more patches till you buy? Maybe.If you absolutely cannot play a game sub 60 fps then I recommend holding off. If it doesn't bother you too much then I would highly recommend you pick it up now."
,Recommended,239140,14243589,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sailor Saturn,"better, Its still sluggish, but there is a great imprvement, and they started workin on fixing it right away, unlike some develeopers. Good job."
,Recommended,239140,14243677,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Apopplexie,"I have been enjoying this game so far. Ive been playing co-op all the way with my brother, and we are having a blast with this game. Smashing zombie heads in, running around from ground to roof!I can highly recommend this game to any zombie fan."
76561198008980796,Recommended,239140,14244002,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Fastline,iz goood man... iz good
,Recommended,239140,14244434,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kritix_Gaming/Twitch,GoTy: need i say more over 30 hours in still only under half completed 48% so many side missions crafting blue prints and zombies to decapitate this game is hands donw the best zombie game out right not. the free running is limitless if your good at it the grapple makes it even more limit less. the visuals are great i run this game on a G3258 dual core stock speeds 3.2ghz with a gtx 970 4gb stock speeds i used nvidia optimizer and get 30 fps min avg 45-55fps.the co op was a worry at first but you keep your progression and can revisit older content and still benifit from it with friends been playing with 2 other friends and its so smooth.had a few bugs like the grappling hook not pulling me right and some bodies floating other then that been great.did have issues with fps when i load the game sometimes ill get like 12fps if you alt tab and back in it goes back to above 30fps.
76561198060520504,Recommended,239140,14244711,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,CesarPlayzTV,sighhh i wish dayz had some sort of the same features with zombies
76561198109997420,Recommended,239140,14245540,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,C++,"Zombies + parkour = fun? right... well sort of, essentialy this game is dead island, with it's fun of killing zombies and modification of weapons with a heavy focus on the use of melee weapons. Now in terms of gameplay the game is definately fun, but at the same time it keeps immersion of keeping the game on edge as you could die with ease if a horde of zombies swarm you (which btw happens often). Now onto the bad side of the game, it has lag, and i mean it has LAG. Every time a cut scene starts massive lag spikes, most of the time when a zombie tries to grab you, a lag spike and now when the horde comes for you this massively frustrating and i mean frustrating it is literally the only reason why i have died. So overall great, fun and immersive gameplay but frequent lag spikes. To be honest i believe the lag is the only negative i have on this game. So if you enjoy zombie games and tense action packed gameplay, buy it, but if you hate a game that is lag ridden don't wait a couple months for hopeful optimisation to fix the lag."
76561198060870201,Recommended,239140,14245725,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Gercio Thornstrike,i really like this game onley issue i would have is probly just somehting with my system love the game ive wondered aimlessly just fighting zombies
,Recommended,239140,14245823,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DJ Jesus Died For Your Spins,"One of the few zombie games where firearms actually work, and has interesting concepts and realism to it.COMBAT 10/10You suck at first, then you become the zombieslaying god you know you were destined to be. Very satisfying fights.MOVEMENT 10/10Much like combat, you're like any other kid learning parkour. You will break bones, maybe die MANY times not making that jump. You will also beat Usian Bolt in any race.CRAFTING 10/10Amazing, no complaints, works flawlessly. There are perks to increase yield from craftables. TOO MUCH METAL PARTS.ZOMBIES 10/10Zombies are like resident evil zombies from the movies, very stupid, slow, but in groups can ruin your day.The special zombies however are like you took regular zombies, gave them crack, stereoids, the ability to shoot acid and become Andre the ♥♥♥♥ing giant all in one. Rebar club? Yus pleuse. Night Stalkers are pretty impossible to kill up to a point.STORY 9/10So far, no complaints, other than a few terrible one liners.SKILLS 10/10Skills are actually the way you get better at this game. They turn what takes 30 seconds to kill one zombie into killing 3 in one second. They also scale nicely and are split into three categories. Theres also an exp loss penalty to Survivor stat if you die. Makes sense, you didn't survive too well bro.Very well made game, would buy sequel (IF THEY DONT ♥♥♥♥ IT UP LIKE EVERYONE ELSE)"
76561198065898147,Recommended,239140,14245836,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,VikingSixx,"Amazing graphics, gameplay and storyline. Best thing is you can play it (Hole story and side quests) with up to four of your mates. My only con is, I like the guns alot, they should maybe gotten more types of them and more customizeable accesories for them like a suppresor or a scope/sight. Conclution - Worth the money, worth your time."
,Recommended,239140,14245988,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Hitude,Great game!
,Recommended,239140,14310446,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,76561193676033826,"Brink + Dead Island = Dying Light. Wow, is this game fun.Introducing: Grand Theft Auto: ZombiesStarring: The zombies from the Walking Dead, the zombies from 28 Days Later (which come out at night to troll you), and caveman-level intelligent zombies that have the ability to use tools like a metal pipe or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wrench, and also the occaisional oversized giant zombies who are slow and you can just run up on them after they do this Hulk smash move that they take a year to recover from so you can move in like a pack of velociraptors and nibble on their ankles until you bite off their feet and then you can move in and fully devour them until they can't stand anymore.Basically the satifying lulz you'd get from GTA when you drive on the sidewalk for a while and watch the ragdolls of pedestrians fly around, you can do that too here, but by running and with a melee weapon or gun (later on) and with moves like elbowing, drop kicking, and ninja throwing stars.TLDR: This game is some good fun and you should get it and play it and have some lulz."
,Recommended,239140,14310857,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,b9nji,"Just finished the game/main story, and i can say that it's a really cool game. Worth buying for sure. The parkour is nice, the story is good, there's alot of different weapons and the graphics are really good, even on low."
76561197979224835,Recommended,239140,14222112,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,FlyingScotsman,"Finally a game that worked on release, fun game to play, loads to do and lots to keep you coming back for more.Loving the night time, scary stuff.Game looks and plays well on my Titan SLI rig @4K really nice looking game with some cracking physics and mechanics.Would give it an 8.7/10.Updated after 10hours of gaming,Really brilliant game, totally enjoying the whole experience.Graphically it is top drawer even at 4K with my system running it @50-60FPS(gsync)Lots to do and the online coop and night modes are ace!!Would now give it a 9/10Highly recommended."
76561198007694280,Recommended,239140,14312339,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DrRoseGold,One of the best Zombie games of this era
,Recommended,239140,14312654,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mikotsu,Amazing Game!10/10
,Recommended,239140,14313330,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Hellhound55,"Most of us loved dead island. The co-op, the blood and guts, the playability, and the characters. Dying Light takes all of those components and puts them on steroids. Lets be honest about the Dead Island voice acting and story line, it was... decent (put nicely), but the co-op gameplay made up for it. Dying Light has great voice over acting and the story line was well put together and thought out. If nobody is online to play with it does not matter. The Single Player aspect is tremendously playable. Most of my 60+ hours are pure single player and i still have never found myself in need of a friend to continue having a good time playing the game.Pros:Great story lineAmazing graphicsCollision animation when attacking is great, with very few instances of clipping through the biters bodyThe scenery is gorgeousAdvancment in level is well put togetherThe trees and abilities allow you to play your way at first (eventually you gain them all when achieving the highest level)The night really puts the fear in you (unlike many zombie games)Numerous craftablility optionsco-op makes the game hilarious with right peopleso many quests to doMusic adds to the horrorGood varient of zombie typesVery few bugsParkour is very fluid as it should beCons:no manual save- i hate climbing a tower and falling to my death then haveing to climb all the way up again-Not much variation in the skins of the biters (what they look like)All the volitiles and running biters are faster then you no matter what (zig zag doesnt work, surprisingly smarter than an alligator)Rais's men dont react to kicks most of the time, also a kick wont interrupt their attacksOverall the game is one of the best i have played in awhile. The game incorporates the blood and guts of a zombie game with the fear of a horror game. One of the few games id say is worth the money out the gate. I'd recommend this game to any LFD or Dead Island fans. It will truly open your eyes to a whole new gaming experience."
76561197974361998,Recommended,239140,14313547,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,KNIGHTMARE077,"Where to start? This game takes elements of Far Cry 4, Dead Island and Mirrors Edge and smashes them together with a day and night cycle in a open world thats a blast to explore and traverse. During the day the game has a walking dead overtone and fits that shoe nicely. You will be taking over ""bases"" infested by zombies and other badies (think farcry 4) in effort to secure safe zones , which may have more side missions or should you be out during a mission and caught with your pants down as the sun starts to sets and need a place of safety. The map is HUGE and getting around would be a tedious process if not for the climbing and running mechanics. The guy can climb just about anything he can reach and traverse anything he climb on too.When the sun does set and nightfall comes into play everything changes. Zombies are faster more alert, the special hunters are out  looming in the darkness and they will relentlessly chase you until you make it to safe zone , you evade them or your killed. The crafting mechanic lets you piece together any crude weapon with other crude items and forge something that may belong in splatterhouse but never the less it gets the job done with as much gore to soak even the hardcorest of gamers. In my opinion the game needs more guns, it does have them but to say they sparse is both a understatement and a lie at the same time. Every safe zone controlled by a faction has guards , each guard is carrying as assault rifle, yet you as the player have hard time acquiring just one and if you do it likely has around 5-10 rounds in it with little hope of finding ammo. In that sense it doesn't make sense, if that makes any sense. lolIts like your surrounded by butter knives yet you cant have one unless your lucky.Melee Combat works though and is clearly the main focus, with the different abilities to unlock through 3 separate skill trees as your progress through the story , you will unlock things like drop kicks and different takedown abilities etc that opens up new possibilities to take down hordes of zombies. Speaking of combat..The Collisions...Collisions work so well in this game it will just about spoil you into thinking why isnt every game made with stuff like this?!All in all this game is unique with superb graphics (not genre defining or worthy to the PC immense power now a days but its good enough) and solid mechanics, a decent plot that every now and then seems just a tad stale by repetitive missions types but more than anything else its FUN!  Highly Reccomended To Any FPS, Open World , Zombie FanId give it a  8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,239140,14314156,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kablamo,gg
76561198030837284,Recommended,239140,14314395,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Hangus,"I got halfway through the game and I thought ""well I could stop playing right now and be happy with my purchase"" I have honestly never enjoyed a game this much, there is a versatility of things to do and wide skill trees to branch out into, to tailor your runner into the zombie killing, wall running beast you can be. I was happy with the original map you start in and then around halfway through the game it introduced a whole new map around the same size and I was at a loss for words because the size of this map was breathtaking. Don't worry if you're thinking ""quality over quantity"" because this game's world seems like every inch of it was made with detail, intending the best free-running and zombie slaughtering experiences in mind.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14314484,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,CrankySmurf,"This is a hate simulator.If you dont hate the land, the people and the overall theme; you can hate the bugs, random freezes or headache inducing visuals.Sad thing is, I REALLY like the game... when I can play it for more than 15 minutes and the screen doesnt lock up.Going back to self loathing."
76561198021021777,Recommended,239140,14315015,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,sunnyk,Great single player story! funny that you can play the standard single player story with friends!(co-op)Highly recommend this
,Recommended,239140,14315032,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Mushroom,parkour and zombies10/10 best game I've ever played
76561197960567502,Recommended,239140,14315366,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Hrvatsko,"Very good gameplay, gritty setting, and easy drop-in Co-op (similar to Borderlands)."
76561197967567714,Recommended,239140,14234343,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Fields,Addicted.
,Recommended,239140,14316046,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Infrno666,A mix between Mirrors Edge and Dead Island. Pretty good a few things that should be fixed with zombie invasions. 8/10
,Recommended,239140,14316439,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,mazimi,I run. I kill. I loot. I run again.10/10
,Recommended,239140,14316478,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mackan804,"TL;DRLike many people have said before me but this game is is what Dead Island should have been, with parkour, fun zombie killing and fluid gameplay. It still suffers from some of the annoying things dead island did though.7.5/10+great co-op+satisfying zombie murder+excellent free running+Mostly good characters (Gazi was an embarassment)-Weapon breakdown is too rapid-Singleplayer lacks because of co-op focus-weapon effects have no real meaning (?)WEAPONSThey still have this weapon degrading mechanic which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Your weapons gets worn down with every hit but at an amazingly high rate. In the beginning you will be picking up every weapon you can get since every weapon has a durability of about 3-5 zombies before repair is needed. And repairs are limited so you can never really get attached to a weapon since it will later on break for the last time and then be useless. It is however easy to find weapons and you can get perks which prolongs the life of your weapon so in the long run it's more tedious than game breaking. Also you can add different effects to your weapons like electricity, fire and poison(why would you need to poison zombies?) but almost none of them seem to really have a big effect on the weapons stats. I mean sure the zombies get lit on fire or spaz out if you hit them with electricity but mostly they just keep on attacking with the effect ticks away minimal health. I would have liked to have had more diversity in effects not just better versions of the same four things and also that had more impact on the weapons damage output and handling.PARKOURThe freerunning is great. It is incredibly fun and fluid to get from point A to point B by jumping from rooftop to rooftop and avoiding zombies or straight out using them to climb. I really have no negatives on this part except maybe that it sometimes doesn't really goes exactly where you thought it would but rather climbs another obstacle.CHARACTERSI haven't finished the game but so far I must say that most of the characters are really good. And the voice acting on the main characters are most often really good. The player Kyle Crane is voiced by Roger Craig Smith and you can really relate to him and what he says. The animation is really nice too in the cutscenes.ZOMBIESThe zombies are really fun and they work great. The special zombies don't really do it for me since there is little to no strategy to really take some of them down. For instance the giant guys with clubs you basically just have to kite since none of your special moves works on them and the spitters's spit is like homing missiles and will follow you if you move so the only real strategy is to go straight for them, take the attacks in the face and just bash it. Maybe it's just my personal preferences but still I feel they could have been made better. The day and night cycle is really good and when night falls you are really scared for your life. The sound of the nightmares are haunting and you really creep around trying your damnedest to not be seen while still hauling as much♥♥♥♥♥as possible.CO-OPThis is one of the best co-op experineces I've had. I think it is mostly because of the seamless transition from single to multiplayer. Plus there is no restriction on being close to each other or taking care of each other. You can basically do your own thing but together. Sadly though I would not really recommend playing this game singleplayer since a lot of missions and encounters are so obviously made with co-op in mind. It makes the game insanely difficult to play solo at times and I feel sorry for all the people who don't have a buddy to play with. Still that should not stop you if you like getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you over and over again.So ultimately I would say this is a pretty good game even though it might have needed some tweaks but all in all me and my friend have really fun playing this."
,Recommended,239140,14316673,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Zeo Mause,"Dying Light is an awesome openworld game that you should buy! One problem with the game is the story. Usually, I expect a climatic and rich story, but this doesn't have it. It would have been great if it would given a more beforehand story like The Last of Us and made the zombie apocalypse more understandable. Everything else is awesome, amazing graphics, phenomenal effects, and stunning zombie gibs to make this fantastic game frightening and beautiful."
,Recommended,239140,14316739,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ZeroGravitySE,"Much Darkness, Many Zombie"
76561198077649661,Recommended,239140,14316779,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,alediazdebedoya,12/10 Would buy again.
76561198191401023,Recommended,239140,30495560,Posted: 13 March,all,DrWhoFan,"Easily one of the best games ever made. Incredible graphics, amazing gamelpay, intricate story and a huge open world. Everyone should own it. I have but one problem which is with The Following. I play southpaw when on foot but of course not when in a vehicle, so I find myself having to switch my controls everytime I get in and out of the buggy. Very inconvenient. If I could just have a seperate setup for ""in vehicle"" all would be good. I love Dying Light. Love it."
76561198077833679,Recommended,239140,19133831,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,OH LAWDY,One of the best zombie based games I have ever played
,Recommended,239140,19167338,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Hunter,Very Fun
,Recommended,239140,19170766,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,HyperNewbie,Has FOV slider. Buy it.
,Recommended,239140,19178849,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ｓｋｒｔオー４２０テ,great game and epic coop
,Recommended,239140,19176466,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Romanista,10/10! Would pre-order DL 2!
76561198008779508,Recommended,239140,19176645,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,IchariuS,This game is the correct evolving direction most action game should aspire. The fluidity of the movement and the inmersion it provides has it's own way to stepping up the zombie killing genre. Playing it on hardcore will enhance your senses and will leave your heart pounding the rest of the night. 10/10 won't sleep much after that!
,Recommended,239140,19198583,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Screlch,Good game however it loses any horror aspect towards the end when you can one hit kill tough enemies.
,Recommended,239140,19198673,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Alien,Volatiles/night crawlers will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants at 3 a.m.
76561198074875271,Recommended,239140,19186595,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SuckleMeBungels,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants at night again
76561198033617861,Recommended,239140,19160439,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Marianojoey,"This game is AWESOME. The feel, the story, the city design... The characters are interesting too, the cutscenes are well done, the voice acting is very good, and the music flows with the different scenes and situations in a good way.Few games are so well done this days, and less are so well ported to different platforms. I use Linux (Mint Rebecca), and the game flows perfectly. :)"
76561198042011451,Recommended,239140,19171501,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ANALizer,Worth buying just for the excalibur sword easter egg.
,Recommended,239140,15452098,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Supe,Really fun to just run around
,Recommended,239140,19191796,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,No.13,Nice !!
76561198019226015,Recommended,239140,19188495,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Cheddar Bob,"Really like this game, Waited for sale got it for 30$. Do not worry, this is a very good game. Great Graphics, I am able to play this game with Max settings on my Nvidea GTX 860m 2gb Without Overclocking. i7 Intel, 16GB Ram, Asus Republic of Gamers Labtop, G series. ASUS R.O.G."
,Recommended,239140,19188654,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,Play Co-op.
76561198176814522,Recommended,239140,19191225,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,🍁Neo🍁,Nice Game
,Recommended,239140,19191317,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,DANGER,"if you liked dead island, you'll love this, its almost the same thing with fixed bugs and added mechanics. at first it's really difficult but as you go in it gets a bit easier and you can navigate more freely around the world.the only dissapointing thing is theres only one survivor unlike dead island, so that takes away something unique that could have made the game even more interesting."
,Recommended,239140,19167021,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,xFiction,"Truly great game, the parkour and the coop is very smooth. I love the fact that you can play the normal story mode together with friends.$60 is pretty steep, this is steam after all but catch it on sale and you won't regret it."
76561198040961644,Recommended,239140,19166140,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,TheAverageMrBear,"Great game.The best coop game I have ever played, combat is fun, the movement and parkour system  is amazing and it feels very fluid and enjoyable."
,Recommended,239140,19166389,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Tiparium,"It's good, play it."
76561198003631153,Recommended,239140,19188764,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,saturnz,"awesome parkour gamewhat mirror's edge should have been :Dthe night and day system function very well and the night is really creepysoundtrack is a perfect add to the atmospherejust one thing, scenario is to manichean..we can forgive this part since the game is really fun to play !!!"
,Recommended,239140,19150726,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Azznerak,"Dropped kicked a zombie off a ten story building into a fence made of razor wire, then got cocky and fell, dying next to said zombie...Nice."
76561198253157240,Recommended,239140,19151524,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jake the Pancake,Chuck Norris approves
,Recommended,239140,14652967,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Origami Mario,"It's better than Dead Island, if you enjoyed Dead Island but thought 'I'd be enjoying this so much more if it wasn't♥♥♥♥♥♥Give it a go"
,Recommended,239140,19128013,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,erojay,Dropkicked zombies off rooftops. 8/8
76561198069248450,Recommended,239140,19123092,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,The_El1te,"One of the best zombie games so far with engaging story. tactical combat, strategy in dire and tight situation, graphics, sound, variety of weapons depending on level, skills, character leveling system, gameplay as zombie, challenges....everything is nicely developed and feels realistic. a game designed for perfect survivors only.9/10 from me."
76561198145461247,Recommended,239140,19118237,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,PizzaOfDeath,Best Zombie fps game to date
76561198039333875,Recommended,239140,19118376,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Andiro,"Installed at 8:00 am, it is 6:00 pm and im still playing it... awesome game"
76561198093191960,Recommended,239140,19118377,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,"Rodoljub ""Roki"" Vulović",The best parkour and zombie game ever made !
76561198083996924,Recommended,239140,19122475,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,yung venus,pick up things and make weaponswepin/10
76561198203581907,Recommended,239140,30614312,Posted: 19 March,all,Kilik Snow,Really fun zombie game. Lots to do
76561198131273134,Recommended,239140,19139583,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Firestarter,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The fighting was realistic. The movement quick and precise, but if only Techland would release Hellraid which I have waited for longer than I did for this game."
76561198076780003,Recommended,239140,19155658,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,jhbgame,"Dying Light offers a new twist on the oversaturated genre of zombie games.Pro'sThe game itself is fast passed rooftop to rooftop action.The game mixes what you love about other games and blends them into one game with assassin creed rooftop jumping, a dead island type weapons crafting system, farcry type tower climbs, and  the open world exploration that you would see in a skyrim/fallout type game.Day and night cycle gives the game an almost built in hard/harder mode that can add challenge to the game.Con'sCharacters are hit and miss. Some seem somewhat passable while others are uninteresting.Story is predictable, often you will have a good idea of what's going to happen before it does. Will this guy betray me? (Probably). Is this guy going to do something irrational and get himself killed. (Signs point to yes)The main antagonist seems kind of weak. He seems like a poorly done Vass from Farcry 3.The VerdictDying Light is a fast paced Parkour zombie survival game. The game is worth a play especially if it is on sale. Dying light is one of those games which shows the ""what if"" and how people might act in certain survival situations during a zombie outbreak. You will live out a story that tires to drive home a point that humans are more dangerous than the walking dead themselves."
76561198059843215,Recommended,239140,19154074,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,BigBell,"Like Dead Island, but good.There is no other zombie game once you've played this."
76561198162405166,Recommended,239140,19332225,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Snipoukos,Best zombie game ever !!! You can do everything in it. 1000% recommend for all of you zombie fans out there
,Recommended,239140,19324232,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,STOOGEN,Fun combat / parkour in an open world with a fun / intense day night cycle that has you fighting zeds and completing the story during the day and running for your life at night.
76561198068401541,Recommended,239140,19326186,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,aaron94weyant,"!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!!Dying light from a player perspective was an extremely fun and gratifying game. It pulled you right into the story, and you imediately felt like you were an important aspect to the game.The combat was great, and the parkour was also challenging as well. It also seemed like the game scaled very well from beginning to end. There were some problems I found with the game though.*No decision making- Similar to watching a movie, you're just along for the ride. If you disagree with something your character does, you have to deal with it and keep going.*Time- There are many moments when it would appear that time would be an important factor, but in reality it's not. You will be given dialogue based time limits that mean nothing if you switch to a different quest, or go grab a new safe house. Then five in game days later when you pick up the quest again, it's like you never left.*Incompatability- I bought two copies of this game. One for myself, and another for a friend. Mine worked, his didn't. We still can't figure out why, but it appears to be a rather widespread problem, that many players are facing. It also doesn't appear like there's a solution either. (I'm running it on an Nvidia 760 and it works great.)*Clunky-The parkour, while fun at times, also seemed clunky at others. Almost seemed like you were just in the way of yourself, and that led to many deaths.!!!!ENDING SPOILER AHEAD!!!!The final thing that irked me was the end fight with Rais. Rais has been the ""Bad guy"", since the beginning. You spend half an hour scaling his tower, and losing untold amounts of resources doing it. Once you get to the top, it's not an edge of the seat fight that you get through by the skin of your teeth. Every other boss in the game was like that, so it would make sense that the end boss would be fairly similar. WRONG. Once you reach the top you have a conversation, and a series of button prompts to defeat him. If you mess up, you just have to remember what the button was, and that's it. It was a very anti-climactic end for a great game.Over all it is a very good game, and I would highly reccomend it to my friends. Just be aware that it does have it's problems, so buy it when it's cheap. 8.5/10"
76561198065120027,Recommended,239140,19385838,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alek,"oh wow, This game is one of the best games i have played. The story line is very interesting and the map is very big and heaps to explore in your own time when you can. Most of the time playing a mission i would get carried away from all the things that you can do in side of Harran. I have not played many hours of this game but i can tell i'll be very hooked on this game for a while which i cant wait! Thumbs up for this game, try and get your hands on this game if you have the money, im sure you wont regret it!9/10!"
76561198218622300,Recommended,239140,19409606,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BOT Rabbit,fine game but i really need other player to play multiplayer/online with me
76561198009979921,Recommended,239140,19411218,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bubbahotep,One of the best games I've played in a while!
76561198249710414,Recommended,239140,19410426,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Slashed,the game with chalenging missions and PARKOUR
76561198067975525,Recommended,239140,19410677,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Niko,starting play Dying light!
,Recommended,239140,19408948,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pimpstyle9008,Offers at least 100 hours game play minimum to accomplish everything!  (10/10)
,Recommended,239140,19427093,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Halt O'Carrick,Zombies and swords
76561198081208550,Recommended,239140,16615508,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,| Zutu | McCunty (NBR),noice
,Recommended,239140,19427316,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ded,"If you can stomach  the gore, this game is hella fun. Protip, when you get the ""Throw Weapon"" ability, throwing Heavy Rebar is overpowered."
76561198203020968,Recommended,239140,19427499,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Omni,"Awesome game. If you take your time and do the side quests, as well as look for materials, it will take you longer to beat. Currently, I'm over 30 hrs and I just hit 22% of the game. Co-op mode is awesome as well."
76561198134995854,Recommended,239140,19508094,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Deathpunch227,"As many people have said in other reviews this game is like the perfect mix of dead island, far cry, and mirrors edge. Ive played this alone, with friends, and in be the zombie mode and have enjoyed every second of all of it. The story is decent but could really be called Far cry: zombie. The gameplay is very smooth and the weapons are just like dead island but with more combinations to make over the top weapons. Unfortunately being as they are JUST like in dead island, that means they do break. Personally Ive never broken a sledge hammer but I would assume it takes more than 43 hits. Luckily you can repair them without a special table and there is a perk later on to make them last much longer. Having played through the entire game, side quests, and the dlc (with the exception of bozak) and still playing just for the mindless zombie dropkicking fun, I can say the replay value is high for me but like all games it depends on the player. Night time is as scary as they make it out to be but as long as you dont get spotted (its easier than you think) you will be fine. My rig is a gtx 950, amd 4300 quad core, 8gb ram and it runs at a solid 60fps at all times, but ive seen this played on a gtx 560 and 750 and it played just as clean so Im not sure where the complaints on that are coming from. There isnt much else to say, all around good game that does everything a zombie game should."
,Recommended,239140,19413396,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,VadersBlack,"This is one of the most immersive games I have ever played. I'm not overly into zombie games, but this game is simply brilliant. Worth every penny."
76561198256825341,Recommended,239140,19413426,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sarinha,"actual game i really like this game is best game of zombies,free city,free style,good history9.5"
,Recommended,239140,19413908,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,King,AMAZING GAME I LIKE IT
76561198059249710,Recommended,239140,19348413,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Realiize,6 Reasons to buy this game1: Awesome Graphics2: Awesome Gameplay3: Awesome to Play4: Awesome Story5: Awesome CO-OP6: Awesome Game
76561198097709617,Recommended,239140,19383613,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Leonidas,Best game by TechlandA must buy!
,Recommended,239140,19383977,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,FishSticks!,"Beautiful graphicsOpen WorldStory drivenStrong voice actingLots of achievementsStarts off as a horror game, but starts to feel more action adventure in due time. If you're having trouble at first, wait till you get the grappling hook. Game changer. Highly reccomended game."
76561198128101708,Recommended,239140,19382436,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,nick_kala19,great game just a really great game. highly recomend this game
,Recommended,239140,19402040,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TechBud,"This game is great, if you're on the fence on wether to get this or not, do it. Fun action, feel like you're actually trying to survive, as long as you don't  get given the best stuff in the game right away. I did once, just played with them a bit then dropped them, takes the struggle out of the game."
76561198091338358,Recommended,239140,19404379,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Canadianmamba,amazing
76561198054858219,Recommended,239140,19402713,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Enoch,Great game!
,Recommended,239140,19450994,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Die2i,This game is absolutely fantastic! I've had a wonderful time playing it!
76561198174291703,Recommended,239140,19369873,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Urban,
,Recommended,239140,19364125,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lampião,"Um bom jogo, pesado para alguns pcs... não o joguei muito, porém senti falta de armas de fogo até o momento."
,Recommended,239140,19414712,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AJ,"Dont buy this game for the story, because its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ However the gameplay, parkour and killing zombies is so amazingly fun that it makes up for it. If you ever played Dead Island, and you liked that then you will like this. This is pretty much just a way better version of that game."
,Recommended,239140,27569813,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Detrraxic,"Initially I thought the game was too tough to complete but once I got over the whole parkour mechanics, the game was a thrill to play. Beautiful graphics, interesting storyline, and variety of zombies makes this game one of the best zombie shooters I have ever played. Keeping fingers crossed for a sequel to come up."
,Recommended,239140,27551648,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,heavensfinest69,"I've always disliked games that are like this (i.e dead island), so I was skeptical on buying it. After watching game play, I decided to buy the game. I was not disappointed at all from this game. This game has some amazing physics, amazing Parkour, and an amazing story. The main story alone took me 40 hours to beat, and I didn't even complete all the side missions. The developers have so many easters eggs it's amazing. I only played about 4 hours of the DLC and it's amazing. Overall, if you want a game you can spend hours playing, parkouring, killing hordes of zombies with amazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t weapons, this game is for you"
,Recommended,239140,27551649,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jizzlebear18 (っ￣(工)￣)っ,This game can really make your heart pump through your chest. It's exhilarating running for your life from really fast zombies in the darkest of night.
,Recommended,239140,27476695,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xSynthe,This game is amazing! I hope they make another one!
,Recommended,239140,27746131,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EM98xXkillerXx,"This game is undoubtedly one of my favorite games. If not for the campaign it would get a 9 or even a 10/10 from me. It was pretty good but I skipped most of the campaign cutscenes. Most of the characters are semi boring but thats not what got me hooked. The fluidity of the game, the combat system, and lastly the parkour/movement system are what got me hooked. I play this game with my Bro every once in a while and I have yet to get The Following DLC. Great game. 8/10"
,Recommended,239140,27759136,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Caliber,games just so good and you don't want to stop playing it.
76561198085678422,Recommended,239140,27760104,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CADM1UM11,Pure greatness!
,Recommended,239140,27761447,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,renai,fun game
,Recommended,239140,27693461,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dean.T77,"Superb zombie killing game, tense action with a great DLC for it - spent lots of hours on the PS4 version then I upgraded to the PC version, which looks and runs brilliantly."
,Recommended,239140,27707333,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chimorex #,Best zombie game in 2016.
,Recommended,239140,27728045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Odey555,"Bought it yesterday, and I've already played 12+ hours. Definitely a worthwhile purchase.Gameplay is fun and balanced, voice acting is good, graphics need improvements in many areas but still very nice.Overall, one of the few recent purchases I haven't felt ripped off by.8/10"
,Recommended,239140,27364570,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AHappyPlushToy,"Dying Light has the most intense story line unlike any other game that I have ever seen. Every moment can turn from horrific to emotional. The game played out so smoothly and I loved the story line so much I came back for more, 4 times. This game is truely worth the money and the amount of effort that the developers have put into it is so vast that I will always come back to this game."
76561198195218747,Recommended,239140,27710158,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,InitialBoat,The story of this game is awsome. It almost made me cry !
,Recommended,239140,27710287,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ant,Zombie storyline is amazing.
76561198153212793,Recommended,239140,27740489,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SmallMoist,"Dying Light? The best zombie game to date with parkour which now is a must for zombie games in my eyes. Now withThe Following we have an even BIGGER map than the two old ones combined, and the Doom Buggys which i think is an awesome add-on. The story is.. questioneble but it's not bad. I live the Gore,Weapons,Upgrades,Sidequests and ofcoursejust being a badass! So i will give this game a 7.5-8/10"
76561198019281782,Recommended,239140,27732218,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlienKoukla,nice game
,Recommended,239140,27549903,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord_Malcolm,I dont write many reviews.But i did reallly enjoy this game i still come back to play from time to time.The story was nice.However at the end of the day it is still fun to dropkick a zombie into a spiked wall.
76561198088954943,Recommended,239140,27550181,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bconedition (VEGAN),"This game was absolutley amazing, it had an amazing campaign mode along with heaps of content. I would reccomend this to anyone."
76561197964338273,Recommended,239140,24972925,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kniferocker,Very good game. I can really recommend this one if you are into open world games that contain lots and lots of zombies of different types.
76561198000268253,Recommended,239140,31281323,Posted: 21 April,all,Giliam,Best zombie apocolypse game I've ever played. Kindof a Borderlands meets Farcry feel with zombies and parkour.
,Recommended,239140,19206126,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,NOCTRO bros,Open-worldFPSzombiessurvival4(+1) online players coop modeCrafting systemParkour8/10
76561198095035476,Recommended,239140,19193261,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,supercook138,"This game will frustrate a very small section of the gaming community, I can shoot, I can bonk, stab, and I am a darn good whacker, but I cant jump worth a diddly darn damn, If you had to check the position of your feet when playing Tomb raider, then carefull yback up a few paces and make your try, and still take fifteen minutes to make the jump. If you have never missed the token treasure put as a consolation at the bottom og a pit you were supposed to jump over, you might want to pass on this one. The timing required to pull off the slick parkour sequences in the demo reels is beyond me, if it were back on the ps1, the disk would have been taken back to trade before the game store closed.The game seems quite good otherwise, and if I had not become frustrated in the training section I would have given it more time, but it reminded me unpleasantly of Castlevania(yep, that avatar aint hip irony, I am ancient and will turn to dust soon). So it becomes mt first attempt at a return. I hope this review only prevents the few like myself who suffer this gap in their gaming skills from buying it without extensively playing the demo, and to all those with nimble neurons and more patience, I reccommend this game. It smells slightly of Dead Island, and if you found D.I. to be a grinding hack fest, the parkopur element will be a welcome addition."
76561198118986341,Recommended,239140,19220449,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,erenbob22,its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool
76561197990438064,Recommended,239140,19235543,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,cronicsmkr2,"if you like the walking dead , and a big sandbox to play in , to go or do what u want. this is for you , over 300 hours love it still, great detail enviroments and lots of blood , skill tree is cool to get differant abilities  . has multi plyr to . fun as hell"
76561198054120003,Recommended,239140,19347242,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CaptainShanghai,"a parkour game with zombies... lots of boring cutscenes.. and lots of fairly pointless missions. Having said that the game is quite funny and definately adrenaline packed. A bit of stealth would have been super good and a more submersive story line. The graphics are fair. However nowhere near other contemporary titles. There is a very international ambience in the game with a mix of arab and brazilian landscape and characters. Although this is clearly not one of my favorite games i will still recommend it for the fun, action and fair graphichs. 7/10."
76561198019873377,Recommended,239140,19108565,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,MechJibb,"It is worth full price and really worth picking up on sale.Warnings to friends and buyers;This is not a PvP TDM style game, the PvP is 1v1,2,3, or 4If you really want a great storyline this is not your game, the stories good but not fallout good.lets just say it has holes in it.pro;Co-op is really fun and has a good player base.Solo is pretty good too.The city maps are freaking greatThe running and jumping and junk is greatIf your a fan of crafting stuff and needlessly chopping heads and arms off this is your game.laters,mechjib"
,Recommended,239140,19096528,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Manny Stillwagon,Plot Hole Simulator 2015: 8/10Would abandon logic again.
76561198102957145,Recommended,239140,19307798,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,EnteRpri2e,"Классная игра рекомендую, особенно если играть ночью."
,Recommended,239140,30629629,Posted: 19 March,all,y u ask,Like mirrors edge but with zombies
76561198090571500,Recommended,239140,19191569,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Juhop1,This game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,239140,18885073,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,F. D. C. Willard,"Really interesting and beautiful game.The first Survival game I liked, actually.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,19216234,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Sassy Bitch,You will love this game if you like to be chased by crazy ♥♥♥♥♥es at night.Just dont die too much during the day or you will hate yourself.10/10P.s. run while seeing a pregnant zombie yelling and running towards you.
76561198070182672,Recommended,239140,19339082,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Guitar Lord Kryss,one word.    intense.   zombies may be overdone but they have never been done like this.  this is the coolest zombie survival game i've ever played.   graphics are amazing as well.   after playing a few hours i'm totally blown away in the detail of this game.
,Recommended,239140,19336293,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DeathReaperGaming,"Awesome game play it with my friends, cant wait for the following (New DLC campaign) but do wish you had better character customization and in co-op that you were not all Kyle Crane. Other than that great game really fun and highly suggested :)"
76561197975404085,Recommended,239140,19379379,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Merkin Muffley,Dying Light was the best game I've played in a long time! I highly recommend this game do some of the side missions and smash zombies!!
,Recommended,239140,19379419,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mass0Car,"This is a fantastic game. The combinations of climbing buildings, running from hunters and zombie killing is prefectly balanced. Great work."
,Recommended,239140,19372548,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,vixvix,Wonderful!
76561198041507368,Recommended,239140,19363466,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Captain Sir,"10/10. It's Dead Island with a coherent storyline, diverse and well-designed game mechanics, and perfect optimisation. Plus parkour!"
,Recommended,239140,19363759,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Flufmyhamster,"Afterther game was updated on PC, it nows runs very smooth. The story is very gripping and the way it ties in with the gmaeplay just works."
,Recommended,239140,19390039,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,B O O L I N #StringinMonkeys,Okay so I'd like to say that this game isn't bad at all. The only thing is at night... It scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. YOU DON'T WANT TO BE STUCK AT NIGHT! You know whats worse then staying out at night in that game? Staying outside at night ALONE. Everything else about this game is amazing I suggest you buy and play with your friends.!
,Recommended,239140,19390266,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dafuq,"died in the flames, got ressed, died again, ressed, died, ressed, died, ressed, Dc'd 10/10 would play a game"
76561197980874316,Recommended,239140,14749122,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Trixtor,Fantastically frantic
,Recommended,239140,14754426,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jamned,OMG OMG AWE.... SOME GAMES BUT HMMM WHEN WILL ADDON OR MORE ITEMS I LOOK FUN BUT IF NOTHING NEW WILL BE BOREAD I THINK MY FRIENDS TOO IF NO HAVE NEW WILL BE BOREAD :D
76561198064196449,Recommended,239140,14757427,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,QuadraSlayer,AWESOME
,Recommended,239140,14609700,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Male,"excellent game with unusual gameplay, very detailed environment and nice graphics"
76561198031102144,Recommended,239140,14635106,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jack Bauer,"This game is phenomenal. Sadly, it is kinda short after you have beaten the story. But, other than that it is totally worth $60."
,Recommended,239140,14635108,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Double Rainbro,"I flew up a building with a piece of rope, electrocuted a zombie with a hatchet, then watched a bunch of cars explode beneath me.10/10 would slaughterfest again.In all seriousness thought, this is a great game.  The story gets a little bit weird and cliche, but for the most part it's very interesting.  The characters are all pretty great, even if they do predictable♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes.  The freerunning is the best since Mirror's Edge and the zombies explode with very satisfying gore affects, so it's definitely fun.  You NEED a high-end computer to run it though, the optimization is terrible.  Expect lag."
,Recommended,239140,14636303,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,eXis,"This game is an Open world FPS game with RPG elements to it. The undead rampage inside a walled city, becoming more aggressive and active at night. The main difference on this game when compared to Dead Island is the freedom you get from parkour-ing.I fully recommend this if you liked Dead Island gameplay.My personal let downs is the lack of player made automatic traps/mines (remember the halflife 2 gyro cutter?) and blockage (making walls to block off parts)."
76561198087672514,Recommended,239140,14636520,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mr. Nice Guy,Drop kicked a Zombie off Rais tower.Felt good.
,Recommended,239140,14637140,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,EagleEye,"Great game, satisfactory to kill zombies.UI for oculus rift is screwed tho, yet, i hear there will be a patch for that some day."
,Recommended,239140,14637335,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KiLoOn3,Great Game
76561198079069446,Recommended,239140,14203810,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,devydee,"I have a quad core i5 4690k clocked at 3.5Ghz and Geforce Gtx EVGA 970 4Gb VRAM and im constantly stuttering like crazy game freezes and also I can't fullscreen the game even though I set the option to fullscreen very annoying  I able to run it fine at first altough i never was able to run it in fullscreen  but now the game is suddenly unplayable what a waste of $80 do not buy.Very unfortunate becuase if the game actually worked I'm pretty sure I would have recommended it the first chapter intro of the game was absolutely fantastic and really got me hooked a complete and utter shame, I don't normally write reviews for a game but I absoluteley had to this time.EDIT: Some time has passed and now the game is playable with no problems but still cannot run the game in fullscreen mode no matter what I do and this is witth a 2560x1440p 27-inch moniter 120Hz and it's very annoying running the game in windowed mode but otherwise the game itself is still very enjoyable but until I can run it in fullscreen I will not recommend this game.EDIT: ♥♥♥♥ing Finally fullscreen mode works thank goodness well sort of 90% fullscreen will turn on some days it just won't work but though certainly not ideal I guess it was the best techland could do and it's good enough for me I can now finally recommend this awesome game to my friends"
,Recommended,239140,14671665,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Reload,Pretty nice game with good multiplayer and funny story. Bug free. Worth which cent.
76561197972483654,Recommended,239140,32882616,Posted: 27 June,all,Jks,zombiesss
76561198078121830,Recommended,239140,32886566,Posted: 27 June,all,wikkid1,"I recommend this game on a nice sale, not so much for full price though.It's an interesting take on the zombie survival sandbox genre, basically it mixes the free-run elements from the Assassin's Creed games and zombie killing of Dead Island. It's a good looking game, I didn't notice any major issues with performance or anything of the sort. The story is there, I'm not far enough into the story to make a decision on whether I like it or not (will update the review if need be) but as of now it's nothing special. It does what it's supposed to do and that's provide a background for your adventures, the motivations and reasons. I do like that the main character protests against some of the ""orders"" of his higherups, again for all I know it may turn out to be nothing more than noise or we may get some choices further down the path, we'll see.I do have a couple of minor niggles. Early on in the game I really struggled with making sure I'm looking right at the ledge I want to grab on to, be looking slightly off to the side and you'll miss it. Many times I'd rather be watching the floor to make sure I don't run off but no, have to keep your eyes on the destination. I'm only 11 hours into the game and it's already starting to show the lack of depth in some ways. It feels extremely scripted, the drops end up in the same places time after time it seems - I would've liked to have drops land on random rooftops. The whole lockpicking game is completely pointless, you'll have enough lockpicks to not even worry about them, as long as you clear out the area you're working in (the immidiate area, just enough to not pull zombies) you can sit there all day until you finally hit the spot and unlock whatever it is you're trying to open. My issue is with the fact that the whole minigame doesn't serve any purpose, there's a single variable that needs to be met and that is lockpick placement, that's the extent of the depth.I'm not a big fan of the crafting system, it's much too simple. Maybe I just haven't found enough blueprints to make it interesting yet but so far I'm basically crafting whatever will do the most damage. Doesn't matter what effect it will add, the number of possible upgrades, the number of available repairs I do pay attention to but it's not a big deal, there is always enough materials to make a weapon if your old one breaks and can't be fixed.Also on the crafting/weapon topic the DLCs, more specifically the bundles, they're quite OP. The volatile weapons are noticeably more powerful than the base weapons, at least early game ones. The ranger pack, the one that adds the bow, is also insanely powerful. Being able to stay at range and quietly pick zombies off is priceless, and the bow being so easy to craft, and the fact that it doesn't degrade and so doesn't need to be repaired... yeah, get that one.So yeah, I'm enjoying the game, it's well worth the sale price. It's not without faults but then I can't think of many games that are faultless. I'd give this game a 7/10 at the moment... I've not yet played The Following so I may be changing that score once I'm further into the game."
76561198152419530,Recommended,239140,32902632,Posted: 27 June,all,1zee1,love it
,Recommended,239140,32901359,Posted: 27 June,all,shinji200,"I have played for a few hours but I definitely recommend the game, great ambient, sound and graphics, way better than dead island or similar games."
,Recommended,239140,32901589,Posted: 27 June,all,^^Vigo G,owww The Best Zombies Game! ^^
76561198045785540,Recommended,239140,32901899,Posted: 27 June,all,Cable,great game
76561198141002372,Recommended,239140,32901727,Posted: 27 June,all,ttp,Good story.Unexpected twist
,Recommended,239140,32900267,Posted: 27 June,all,DeluxeGamez,If dead island and assasins creed made a kid it would look like this game.
76561198045887118,Recommended,239140,32900427,Posted: 27 June,all,Omniscientguest,A mix between Dead Island and Mirror's Edge
76561198120926801,Recommended,239140,32903455,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.Noodles,"Such a great game, Grappling hooks, stomping zombies, slicing theur heads off, doming zombies, crafting weapons, misions galore, Zombies deluxe, So much beauty in the game.very scary at night, better with a headset.Mulitiplayer, omg theres more! vehicle combat, Vehicle slaughter, massive maps. Old town, and new town, all the sewers, towers, epic scaling of massicve stuctures, gives you a euphoric feeling of falling and being up high, especially on a big screen tv.Get this game, WOW its so worth every penny."
76561198245016982,Recommended,239140,20554106,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Zuzanzaba,"SUCH A GOOD GAME! farcry, mirrors edge, and dead island in the best parkour package ever."
,Recommended,239140,32903174,Posted: 27 June,all,SiRGt,Great game!
,Recommended,239140,32935427,Posted: 28 June,all,Jack,Developers that actually listens to their players.
76561198136409678,Recommended,239140,32939450,Posted: 28 June,all,ambarasu,...invade a̶n̶d̶ ̶p̶i̶l̶l̶a̶g̶e̶  all you like.
,Recommended,239140,32940033,Posted: 28 June,all,Matthäus Hetzenauer,8/10
,Recommended,239140,32939728,Posted: 28 June,all,KAKU,"Hi i'm kaku, you wanna crush some zombies? Be a kaku! Sorry, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197994076883,Recommended,239140,32945136,Posted: 28 June,all,Laliophobic,"Awesome gameRecommend playing with a friend, 3x more awesomePlaying with a friend during night 10x more awesome"
76561198074339958,Recommended,239140,32945220,Posted: 28 June,all,Nymeria,ioioiooo
,Recommended,239140,32910884,Posted: 27 June,all,Spooks,8/10
,Recommended,239140,32913783,Posted: 27 June,all,TCU FROGS!!!,"One of the best Co Op games ever created! My buddy and I have had a blast finishing the game and now working on ""The Following"" DLC. Highly recommended on sale!"
76561198094919256,Recommended,239140,19942175,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Clamps,"Dying light is L4D meets dead island crafting. Solid visuals, easy to use controls, and fast paced gameplay makes this title well worth the money. Also. night time is scary."
,Recommended,239140,19939937,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mannie,♥♥♥♥♥in ronalds asss
76561198067740825,Recommended,239140,19942440,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,husky,"This game is a freaking MUST PLAY Iam telling you!!! Just everything about it is right, there is no this is broken or something is just missing! This game has it all I actually felt like I was a part of the game, very realistic atmosphere, the Visuals are out of this world, the soundtrack will make you feel like you are part of a movie or something! Like I said this is a must-have if you call urself a gamer this must go in your library.This game will go right next to my Metro games that I love so dearly and I might even say that Dying-Light could possibly be better! Seriously guys this is a Fraking Experience not a game!"
,Recommended,239140,19921095,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jinice,"Don't let my countless hours fool you, I don't know what i'm talking about, but this is probably the best game i've ever played in my life and if you don't get the game, take a picture of this review and retweet it within 2 days. A zombie apocalpyse will start and take the life of your whole family (those whom are incapable of having super human stamina, climb anything and zipline with their bare hands of course) so retweet this or doom is upon you."
13254769896745231,Recommended,239140,19927428,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,edgemaster,"This review covers the game Dying Light. Dying Light is a first-person, open-world survival game set in the fictional city of Harran, victim of a zombie plague and locked down in a city-wide quarantine. You play as Kyle Crane, operative of the GRE,  also known as the Global Relief Effort. Your mission is to recover a file containing sensitive information regarding your organization from a local warlord and rogue operative, Kadir ""Rais"" Suleiman.Graphics - 7/10The game looks very nice and is not very demanding. I run a GTX 660Ti in my computer and I run the game smoothly with no stuttering or lag. With this being said, there are a few things that could've been designed better, but the game in large part looks just as good if not better than current-generation games.Music - 10/10The game features a very unique, fitting, and well-made soundtrack, providing the perfect ambience for every situation. Sometimes in tense situations I found myself wanting to take my headset off due to fear of being startled if an unexpected enemy or firefight were to appear.Cinematics - 6/10Some of the cutscenes and events in game seem robotic or a little ""forced"", but in large part the cinematics of the game are satisfactory. Many story-based cutscenes add to the feeling of the game and further immerse the player, especially when Crane is presented with difficult choices.Story - 10/10The game features an amazing and thoughtfully written story that not only contains action and suspense, but also moments of desperation, sadness, grief, satisfaction, and often forces you to feel the same emotions of the characters. There are more than a few times where I found myself attempting to predict events before they happened, only finding myself to be completely wrong and taken yet again by another impactful event.Content - 7/10The game provided me with over 50 hours of play with just the main storyline (I intend to complete all achievements and side quests as well as continue the frenzy of undead destruction). With randomly occuring events in the world, you are never at a deficit of action. However, the game only features 44 side quests which is next to none in comparison to games such as Skyrim or even Fallout, and a number of them are easily completed or are mundane, go-fetch type quests. Despite this, with the expansion, ""Dying Light: The Following"" set to release mid-February, players with the season pass can soon look forward to a fresh Dying Light experience that will reportedly be bigger than the base game.Controls - 9/10The prospect of a game involving freerunning on a mouse and keyboard seems bleak, but Dying Light pulls it off and makes it look like a joke. With the parkour all controlled by spacebar, looking and feeling badass while running and jumping from roof to roof is a breeze. Some abilities locked in the ""Power"" skill tree (the combat-related skill tree) are a little awkward but with some practice becoming as easy as everything else.Gameplay - 8/10Dying Light provides endless zombie-destruction fun. Beheading multiple zombies with a single swing of an axe or bisecting the undead with a zweihander will NEVER get old, but at a certain point the gameplay reaches a plateau and combat no longer becomes any degree of challenging against regular infected, only a decapitation simulator. I'm not talking every once in a while, I'm talking about stacking 2000 damage on a katana and taking the heads off of 6 zeds at once and unlocking your potential as a human lawnmower. It's ridiculous. If you prefer a challenge, you can always play the game in Hard Mode, which limits your Survivor Sense, makes supplies more difficult to come by, puts a greather emphasis on stealth, and toughens up enemies.Worth the Money?Most definitely. Dying Light offers a refreshing, addictive, and wickedly fun chance at a well-made zombie survival game. At $60.00, it may hurt your wallet a little, but it is without a doubt a worthwhile purchase. The game was reduced to $20.00 during Black Friday and the annual Christmas sales, which would've been a perfect time for cash-strapped gamers to pick it up. If you missed the boat, the game also goes on sale during the other sales during the year, so depending on when you are reading this, you may want to consider throwing some of your hard-earned money at Steam in exchange for this wonderful piece of vidya."
76561198090130754,Recommended,239140,19923048,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"The pefect zombie apocalypse game, and the best parkouring game"
,Recommended,239140,19921782,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Diyos,"-Good story-Awesome fast paced combat-Parkour like you never could-Hordes of zombies-Sewers, towers and mutants10/10 would throw my pants in the nearest trash bin and set it on fire again"
76561197990855491,Recommended,239140,19921926,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kurraak,"Amazing game!I absolutely loved it.  The only thing I would change is it would be great to have more areas to explore.  Don't get me wrong, the game is pretty big, I'm just a dying light junkie."
,Recommended,239140,19922253,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,HEOBLO,the dlc is the hardest part of the game
76561198091286524,Recommended,239140,30662349,Posted: 21 March,all,LaZy,"What's not to like about Dying light? Upgradable weapons, lock picking, beheading zombies as they coming speeding towards you screaming. Parkour, guns, deliberately running into a horde of zombies because you're bored.I absolutely love this game, take a stroll at night what could possibly go wrong.Spent many dying light nights hudled in the water for safety, luring the zombies in so they instantly die while I'm safely and calmly floating terrified.What more can I say, we asked for zombies and Dying Light said challenge accepted! Between goliath sized zombies that throw cars to acid spitting zombies whispering ""kill me"" to the mundane slow moving walkers.I love this game."
,Recommended,239140,19928103,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MoneySixFiveFourThree,"I have a♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop with a dead NVIDIA card, so I am using a backup Intel card.I still found joy in this game while running 20 FPS.Fun parkour, zombies are intimidating, I actually feel challenges in this game. Don't let my play time fool ya, I've had my play time on this game. It's a buy."
76561197968741105,Recommended,239140,19913042,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Keggarmaker,"41 hours to beat (including most side missions), Co-Op was very smooth and enjoyable. In Co-Op you share the mission success, if your friend is behind you in missions join his game and when you get caught up to where you were you share mission success again. My favorite game this year by far. Also the weapons/mods are epic."
76561198036808718,Recommended,239140,19950823,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,VSEPR,It tickels my fancy.
76561198127286132,Recommended,239140,19951024,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Zenogias,"Ok,This is one of the best horror game I ever played.I have played a lot of legendary horror game such as Silent Hill,Resident Evil,Fatal Frame,The evil witin,Dead Space etc.Yeah I am a big fan of horror games.Each of the game I played have their own style but none of them like Dying light at all.it's may sound strange but this game really always make my right hand soak with sweat everytime I played it.None of any horror game that can cause me this much frighten.If you want to get adrenaline rush this is it.Especially when you run at night you would fear the night.well,that's done about overall of the game,Here is some flaw.The ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥yeah really♥♥♥♥♥♥The story is always intensed and drive you rush everywhere with the time is counting down which is great but the ending is really disappoint.I think it would be better idea if the ending lead to the spreading of virus instead of curing them. I would like to see the sequences of this serie.If it can become a birth of new legendary horror game with sequence like Resident evil's series.It would be very interesting.Even so it's still undetermine that the cure has been made or not,we just know that there is going to have a cure.Yeah like some review said it's like flush down all good things in a toilet.Story line seems like a little bit rush and predictable from what I played it's like those events start and end within a few days not even a week or just about 2 weeks.This is rather strange because for such a spreading of virus should not end with just a few days."
,Recommended,239140,20019512,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MadJGFlavour,10/10 killed a guy with a katana and got him ded
76561197987556286,Recommended,239140,20012034,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zircon,"Dying Light is one of the better zombie games i played before.It's a very fun game with alot of variation in it.The Parkour function, day and night hunting is very cool.I only had a little problem after I installed the game, i had a fatal error, but there was something wrong with my graphic card driver...Conclusion: A very good game with alot of action, quests + side quests, a wide variation of combat techniques,....8,8/10"
76561198146403596,Recommended,239140,26821150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mallilapio,"I like this game a lot because of the crafting and different styles to kill a zombie. But I also hate it because I'm afraid of heights so my palms get the keyboard and mouse all soaked. Oh yeah, and the stupid ""#¤%%¤#""# just lets go or doesn't grab things or the grappling hook won't work and I fall to my death!! HULK MAD, HULK SMASH! ...or maybe I just suck at playing (these type of) games..."
,Recommended,239140,26820043,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Langweenee,Fat people explode much like real life
,Recommended,239140,26785286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phenomenon,Nomination review
76561198121090729,Recommended,239140,20240804,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dadniel111,fun parkour and great graphics (not for the weak stomach)
76561198002545747,Recommended,239140,26851758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lipton,"If you want to taste something somewhat similar to DayZ, but in a form of polished, completed triple A coop/single player game with great combat and parkour system, this is your title."
,Recommended,239140,26856630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The_G[loom],"Absolutely the best zombie game up to date mixing melee-fun, parkour and FPS.Wish to see the more of Dying Light in the future."
,Recommended,239140,26891485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PAO,"Great game, love it and i want to play more of it."
,Recommended,239140,26893347,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChronicShadow,"An amazing game, I honestly can't stop playing it and wanting to play with friends all the time LOL.Sure it has it's occassional bugs, though absolutely none are game breaking so i've seen so far - and I have a fair amount of hours on this. But what game doesn't have bugs anyway? They only serve to add to amusements for me, small lil' physics errors in the deaths of zombies mostly.The fluidity of the free running is a joy one should try though, oh it's so much fun. I completed it for the first time long ago, and I still find so much enjoyment in running around hacking away at zombies. Particularly kicking them off the top of a building and watching them sail down to the floor below. Heh heh heh.Can be challenging at first, though once you've gained some levels and start gaining access to better weapons. It'll get easier and easier, of course. Eventually might even crave a more challenging experience like I have been, going for the harder difficulties.But overall, this game is fun and most certainly a must have."
76561197974176668,Recommended,239140,26883011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GEN_BARNEKY,parkor and knifing zombies wooo!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,26631135,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,rob,this game rewards you for strangling childrenwhat the ♥♥♥♥/10
,Recommended,239140,26740368,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ayiKrayon,Over 60 hours played and I never get sick of it. Probably the best zombie game I've played. This is definetley worth the buy! :D
76561198238560232,Recommended,239140,30913580,Posted: 2 April,all,Ashen One with a water gun,"Question: What's the best way to increase the sales volume???Answer:Add Chinese inside the game.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ok that's just a joke.It is really a wonderful game. Many special elements.Actually this is the best zombie game I have ever played.Frist person, open world, great story and good visual effects.Can you ask for more????!!!!YES................It is really annoying when there are some words that I cannot understand during the game playSo I'm sure that for Chinese players, if this game has an official Chinese version, we are more willing to buy it.At least for me, I would buy it earlier if I saw 中文 under the languages.I really wonder why you still don't add more languages in it considering that the game has been pubilshed for two years.Many palyers are waiting to buy the Chinese language version.Be quick ;)"
76561198097938999,Recommended,239140,26896705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daniel Boso,Incredible!
76561198012433865,Recommended,239140,26896767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Liver,"Probably the most satisfying zombie game, can't wait for their next installment"
,Recommended,239140,26907448,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ice cream is holy,Has a lot of references to other games in general not bad mechanics and is a lot of fun to play.
,Recommended,239140,26906031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mob,"First of all, I haven't finished this game because singleplayer is not captivating enough for me to bother. I can absolutely recommend Dying Light if you have at least one co-op buddy to go through this game and explore everything, but alone it gets pretty dull after a while..."
,Recommended,239140,26918209,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adnan008,"you should buy it. why? because its an awesome game.the gameplay, story, controls, HUUUGE mod support."
,Recommended,239140,26926428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Casual,I can't put this game down.
,Recommended,239140,26925737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RockCrawler,One of the best Games I played over the last 2 Years.It has an amazing scenery and lots of details to be found.If you´r into Zombie Games you should defenitly give it a try.EditNow after playing the DLC also I just have to say you probaply should buy it during a sale if you didn´t already bought it
,Recommended,239140,26929481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marcomilius,10/10. Parkour. Zombies. Drop kicks.
76561197961698052,Recommended,239140,20231567,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Steve-O-Joe,This is a good game.
76561198137977867,Not Recommended,239140,20231762,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NoMad,IDK wtf happended or if it is my compurters problem but everything I try it doesnt want to work proprely I cant see all the mps and cant see a part of the map like wtf I tried everything pls if u can help I would be thankfull and I will rate this game with a yes.
,Recommended,239140,20232095,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rogue Coder,"Dying Light is an immersive first person action game with a great parkour system and very satisfying melee system. While zombies are overdone these days, I'd highly recommend Dying Light to anyone who enjoys action games. It has a fun and compelling story (although it's not great), but the combat is where the game shines. Hacking zombies to pieces just doesn't get old.There are a lot of different weapon types in the game, and crafting them isn't much of a chore. If you don't like crafting, you can skip that and simply buy weapons.I didn't particularly enjoy the multiplayer aspect, but the co-op gameplay is a great feature! The game is way more fun if you have some friends, but it's definitely enjoyable solo as well."
76561197963752920,Recommended,239140,20280755,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ChugsJetFuel,"One of the best open world games to date.  25 hours in, already got my money's worth.  So much to explore and so much to do, and it rarely gets repetitive, which is something I can't say the same about FC3 and FC4Graphics are also gorgeous at times.  A living (ha), breathing world"
,Recommended,239140,20288744,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tyrone,nice game
76561198158241651,Recommended,239140,20268621,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DoctorGuruGuru,Went out in the darkpooped self and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Went to UV safehousedied inside due to anal combustionRIP me2k16/10 IGN would anal combust anyday
76561198041586033,Recommended,239140,20274289,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KumaTyrant,"Taking into consideration in comparison to a similar game, Dead Island and its franchise, Techland took what was supposed in that game and actually produced a rather interesting variation of it here.Here are just some pros and cons I have for this game.Pros:- Better mechanics whether is it fighting or movement- Better hit detection on enemies- A reasonably good variety of side missions and random encounters- Great multiplayer and co-op onlineCons:- Several issues or bugs with the climbing. It may have been me but, there are moments where I believed I could have hung on to the ledge of something- Story line is very clichéd; the ending is rather very weak to the story it brings you up on.- Depending on how you play game, it can be a Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest, where it becomes almost necessary to grind for parts or materials to sell and create.This is just my take on what the game feels. To me, the game deserves a 6.5/10 rating. The rating would at least be a 7.5/10 if not for the story. Techland, for the story you have created, I feel it deserves a much better ending than the one you have given because of how much depth you have given prior to the finale of the game. However, with all that said, the game can be rather quite enjoyable simply because it had parkour."
76561198010934003,Recommended,239140,20266049,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ACRNM,I've always been a George Romero fan...but in this case George took 5 rip its and a fat line of coke.8/10 would develop paranoia and anxiety again.All this needs is a haptic feedback suit so you can feel when you brush past walkers and have a reason to tense up when your shoulder starts burning from bite marks
,Recommended,239140,15458875,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Cherry Newport,"I don't know if I would recommend this, it's fun and the parkour is the best i've ever seen in a game, but the plot is a bit cliche and you are an errand boy the whole game. 6/10."
76561197993435659,Recommended,239140,20268316,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[C] Drew43,"Best zombie killer game that I've played to date, especially love the movement work."
,Recommended,239140,20144034,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Razer,♥♥♥♥ dayz and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fake survival games. Dying Light PWNS them all!
,Recommended,239140,20144236,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,malias  hellcase.com,if you like survival+run+zombie+(suicide)-i mean to fall in trashes^^^  HERE you are.but the only bad is that if you dont have at least 1 spec from the minimum. i think you canot run the game and this is the bad.
76561197991916744,Recommended,239140,20164286,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Drugger,Without going into alot of detail... one of those most intense games ive ever played.. amazing campaigne stroyline. Great Coop
,Recommended,239140,20164642,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,KaZumaTree,"Definately a parkour zombie survival game, and one that doesnt suck on both the parkour and the survival. One for anyone a fan of either, and a boon for both. Good night, and good luck!+ One of the better looking games of 2015, complete with varied zombie looks, interesting locales to parkour through, and more as it captures being truly in a city that's gone to hell from the zombie apocalypse.+ Sounds go with it, not only as part of the package, but as a mechanic as well, with loud sounds attracting more dangerous zeds.+ A packed story that'll satisfy anyone in length and girth.+ Game mechanics that dont take away from the game, but instead add to it, from simple and solid impactful melee, varied parkour options, and theloot...+ Developer support has been solid throughout its lifespan, and looks to be for the near future.- Bit of a performance hog, even for more modern systems and with weird quirks on some setups. Reducing fidelity settings can lead to some really aggressive pop-in if you're looking out for it.- The sound and nighttime dangers mechanics are only scary and shocking the first couple of times, and then easily avoided or exploited afterwards.- As lengthy and well-executed the story is, it is cliche.- The game can end up being too much about the loot and unlocks. For example, reliance on parkour to gain height is negated entirely once you get a certain item in the game. Solidly powerful melee weapons can overpower the ranged weapons in the game, and the ranged weapons in vanilla are very plain.- DLC offerings are what you'd expect. One is a challenge DLC, the other is a buy-power DLC. Both are arguably not worth the asking price (unless on sale) and the challenge DLC is said to be nigh-impossible solo."
,Recommended,239140,20165121,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,upgradecsgo.com emerald.gg,Good game but story ending kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239140,20111901,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DArkXi,"I really enjoy playing this game. If you like mirrors edge style gameplay, parkour, open world, pretty graphics (if you can run it ofcourse), survival, you will enjoy this game, at least I did. There is no better feeling than kicking a zombie with your mate until its head and other body parts are smashed beyond recognition.Story is 6,5/10, could be better. Although it's a hella fun game. I recommend playing this with at least 1 friend for the best experience. I bought it for 17 eur on sale. Right now it's 50 eurs without a sale. I suggest you picking this up on a sale as I don't think it's worth paying 50 eurs."
76561198059837793,Recommended,239140,20171521,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Add my other profile! :),"BEFORE READING THIS PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT I HAVE ABOUT 30 HOURS IN THIS GAME, BUT MOST WERE IN OFFLINE MODE BECAUSE MY GAMING PC WAS FIRST GETTING SETUP.Anyway, Dying Light is a zombie game created by the makers of dead island. I actually liked dead island unlike MANY people because the gameplay was geuninely fun. However I was turned off from the humor, as it took away realism of an  apocalyptic zombie scenario. Dying Light COMPLETELY CHANGED THAT. It has a revamped style of combat and gameplay, AND OH GOD FINALLY A GOOD STORYLINE. WHEN IS THAT EVER SAID IN ANOTHER ZOMBIE GAME?Pros:-EXTREMELY well done character buildup. (On par with undertale if not above, that's saying something...)-EXTREMELY fun gameplay with SO MANY weapons!-THE GAME PUNISHES YOU FOR MAKING LOUD NOISES SUCH AS SHOOTING A GUN! This adds realism that I craved so much before I found Dying Light.-The storyline is one if not the best i've ever experienced, it accomplishes actually making you feel sorrow and hatred toward things and people. (only amazing games do this)-HUGE MAPS! Multiple huge maps... AWESOME!-PARKOUR AND FREEROAMING. Easily the best parkour system i've ever experienced. It fills so fluid when jumping rooftop to rooftop, or climbing up buildings, unlike so many games that have tried implementing a parkour system like this before *cough cough brink.*-DAY NIGHT CYCLE. When I started this game I knew about the night cycle but oh god I didn't know about volatiles... first time I saw one I started screaming and running away as fast as I could, only to die. HOWEVER, eventually I was able to find better weapons and unlock AWESOME things like the grappling hook to escape them or beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them! :DCons:-litterally none, I can't think of a single thing.Overall score: 10/10 (MUST BUY)"
,Recommended,239140,20171611,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,gorinkon,frikin beautiful
,Recommended,239140,20175341,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,thokahn,The best zombie game out there!
76561197963525024,Recommended,239140,20173682,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,☢ BaLLs Of SteeL ☢,"Started this with a friend, played two weeks straight = my csgo rank goes  LEM -> MG."
76561198011680567,Recommended,239140,20179250,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,T®øøþåå,One of the Best zombo games ive played
76561198118230434,Recommended,239140,20179549,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hamlover,"really good game, just need more DLC. worth buying!"
,Recommended,239140,20180081,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,poxtops,"Dying Light's city of Harran isn't a depressing wasteland – it's a vibrant, ambitious, open-world playground.At the start the combat is hard, picking your fights, and when night time hits, my god, its time to make good use of that parkour! However, as the game progresses and you complete more and mroe quests, it really does become more and more of a playground whilst you try to find a way out of Harran and a cure.Pros+ Beautiful and large map+ Great parkour + movement+ Quests are different and ranged+ The difference between night time and day time provides a challenge to those who want it, especially at higher difficulty+ Storyline+ Character development+ Can be played both offline & online, with or without friends // strangers!Cons- Can get repetitive/tedious once the challenging aspect of the game is lost, for some.-  Think you can make that jump? Oh well.."
76561197995688415,Recommended,239140,20172279,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,JollyRoger(Rus),Весьма интересная игра. Квестовая линия могла бы быть подлинее. В игре полно мест где от скуки можно развлекаться.
,Recommended,239140,20172604,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Harvey the Hurricane,Slippery building simulator
76561198067008823,Recommended,239140,20208823,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,iBloody,Do not play this if you are afraid of loud things and the dark.
,Recommended,239140,20075793,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr._Toggle,"Amazing thrill ride, on you're hunt for anti-zombification drugs, for you are infected.10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20198578,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,S T O N E Y,"Dying light is one of the funnest games i played in a while through the duration of 2015. I'd say that it's one of the best zombie slayer games out there. The best thing about it is the fact that it combines parkour elements in a open world zombie survival game, with the ability to craft and upgrade weapons with items you find scavenging throughout harran. Hat off to you Techland, keep up the good work."
,Recommended,239140,20201873,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Unavailable,It is fun and should be worth the time for the story.
,Recommended,239140,24410761,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,s w a r o v s k ii,:)
76561198005323828,Recommended,239140,24401979,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,nit,"Even though the game was really short, its really enjoyable."
,Recommended,239140,24076576,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sahkonteic,Easily one of the best co-op games since the Borderlands franchise. 10/10 Every minute surviving is another minute you will enjoy this glorious game.
,Recommended,239140,24392310,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,J J,"An amazing zombie game.The graphics are great, the gameplay is great, everything is great in this game.Seriously.It has scary moments, funny moments, action packed moments.There's a lot of side missions to complete alongside the main story.The Following DLC adds even more stuff to do in this game. The map of the DLC is huge.Also you get to drive around in the buggy, not bad.Awesome game overall, really enjoyed it.9/10"
,Recommended,239140,28689247,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,All American Bad Boy,"Super excellent game, if someone told me ""multiplayer zombie far cry"" I'd tell them to get ♥♥♥♥ed and stop making♥♥♥♥♥♥up, but here it is. Great game to get down on with friends. Excellent buy."
,Recommended,239140,24396453,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,чики брики,I'd say it's PRETTY GUUD.
,Recommended,239140,24173163,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,LoliVapeGod,"The game is really really fun. The parkour system starts out pretty tame but as you get used to it and level up Agility you end up doing some pretty insane stuff all over Harran. The crafting system is cool and you never really find yourself lacking weapons; it's pretty much a way better Dead Island.SPOILERS: It has the worst ♥♥♥♥ing villain I've had to endure for a very long time. Just shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, Rais."
,Recommended,239140,24214183,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr. Bee,Best zombie game ever.Graphics 10/10Gameplay 10/10Crafting 10/10Parkour at night is so intense and so fun at the same time.
,Recommended,239140,18669689,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,KittyMcCatFace,THIS GAME IS THE BST ONE EVER! EXEPT I WISH MY PC WAS FASTER SO GOOOOOOOOD GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,24221567,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Atrex,God the story may have patchy bits but running all night while being chased by a newer take on zombies realy brings me joy the dlc expands the story and the generic gameplay is still worth it. It has a very enjoyble free running system and the single player is awesome the multi player seems worth it doing missions with your buddys or strangers though you will soon learn to fear the creatures of the night when you enable multi player hunters. Good Luck
,Recommended,239140,24206690,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Glasswalker13,"Everything I have ever wanted in a zombie game.  The ability to explore, good story line, and lots of ways to kill zombies."
,Recommended,239140,24154591,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,My10 W,"Really really fun, especially when playing co-op!"
,Recommended,239140,24135859,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Prince Jingim,"Instead of rambling on about how the mechanics and crafting system are brilliant, I will say one thing about Dying Light.I can't believe how quickly this game loads and how smooth it runs.Excellent game, 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,24137846,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Loafus Crambuckle,memetastic
,Recommended,239140,24140876,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Black Tongue,"7.5/10. More or less happy with purchase price ($35). This is the game you'd get if Just Cause and Far Cry had a baby with a zombie slaying fetish.Pros:- Fun most of the time- Maps are big. 2 maps in main game, at least 1 extra in The Following DLC- Wide variety of weapons. Durability can be buffed with random pickups.- Environment kills are fun and effective. Smarter to use environment when possible to prolong weapon life.- Bugs/glitches seem to be few and far between. They show up most often when climbing but were very infrequent.- Vehicle in The Following DLC surprisingly durable, i.e. doesn't explode after hitting 2 trees and 5 zombies.- Visuals are great, some of the scenery is outstanding.- Audio is well done although some of the music choices are questionable.- Unlockable skills make you better at almost everything you'll be doing several thousand times (running, jumping, fighting). Grappling hook is useful and fun.Cons:- No way to become better at lockpicking. Picks never become more durable, sweet spot never gets bigger, lock difficulty never gets downgraded. I spent 2 hours trying to get some mods to work just to deal with all the ♥♥♥♥ing lockpicking. LOCKPICKING SIMULATOR 2015. This was a massive oversight by the developers.- Certain parts of the game that are important story-wise have your skills and abilities turned off. Not turned down, turned off completely. This is to force you to play one and only one way approved by the developers. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥.- No choices. You're on rails every time you interact with an NPC. There's never an opportunity to make a choice, other than if/when you complete a quest. Some of these people talk a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥and you never have the option to hit 'em.- No signature or favorite weapons. I realize these people love putting durability on weapons, but there's only so many times I can break a crowbar on a rotting corpse's skull before my suspension of disbelief breaks down. There should have been some extra skills included that either drastically increase weapon lifespan or let you pick 2-4 weapons to ""favorite"" and make permanent.- No way to silence firearms. Ever. Even after you meet a guy whose vocation is gunsmithing, who you actually say ""GEE WIZ WISH YOU'D MAKE ME SOME SILENCERS"" to. Lame.- No creative use of the grappling hook. If you're familiar with Just Cause you'll understand my disappointment at not being able to stick the grapple in someone's ribs and hop over a streetlight to rip 'em in half. This disappointment was compounded in the DLC when it became clear I still couldn't tie zombies to my car and road haul 'em. Could've been an entirely new skill tree. Huge, huge missed opportunity.- Boss fight is a ♥♥♥♥ing Quick Time Event. WTF."
,Recommended,239140,24144564,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Intergalactical,It would be great if it wasn't for all the zombies and weapons and running.
,Recommended,239140,24120328,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BigBlackBrick,SOMETIMES THIS GAME JUST TICKLES MY PICKLE AND I JUST WANT TO♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAMES♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198122793782,Recommended,239140,24121671,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ahri❣,Game was 10/10 but would not play again cause ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10
,Recommended,239140,24132061,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,✪ Salty!,I dont like the zombie games but this is the best zombie game ever i think...buy with your friends and enjoy !
,Recommended,239140,24132642,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Godfather,Best zombie game you can find 2016!
76561198124369065,Recommended,239140,24276639,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aederoice,Literally best zombie game
,Recommended,239140,24263149,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ShapeShifterZX,Runnin Simulator 2015 / Last review
,Recommended,239140,24424159,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,✪ [GR] RedBull Q8 -1st-,iui
76561198206230997,Recommended,239140,24438591,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,_[Ace]_The Pencil Thief,"This game is just. . .Wow. Dyeing Light Is a mixture of parkour with zombie brutal killing. If you think Dyeing Light Is just a normal zombie killing game that you will get bored of in 3 days you're wronge. Though the story is short you have tons of side missions you can do along with night missions which you have to go out at night and be aware of the dangourous volatile that hunts only in the night.  You also get a skill tree with awsome skills that you can unlock such as wall run and drop kick, with these set of skills you can become the legend of harran. Theres so much to talk about and I dont want to give out too much so these are my final words . . .Its a  Mother ♥♥♥♥ing badass zombie killing game that you can ♥♥♥♥ up as many zombies as you wish"
,Recommended,239140,24377731,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,@Lunix46,"Do you enjoy smashing zombies and helping survivors? Endless gameplay and zombie hordes?I havent played this game alot but from the time i played its very hard to stop play it.ProsZombiesAwesome FreeroamParkour (Oh jez, This is almost the best haha)MissionsStory line (could use some work but its good)ConsI can sometimes get lag spikes (Dont really know why (Running i7 4790k and gtx 1080))Its fun running between missions but when you need from one side of the map to the other it is a bit meh.Jumping and Climbing is sometimes extremly dodgy... (You might rage a little bit ;3 )Things they could add/changeKeyBind to look at your wrist watch so you can see the time of day.Make it so you can't sleep till start of night but keep so you can skip the night time :)First kinda 'Serious' review, will update it after i played it a bit more ;)Thanks for reading+ Final comment, I really enjoy play the game and love how you play it. So its def worth buying it![Note 1] Added The §3 on Cons."
76561198209396355,Recommended,239140,24476430,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,✯Eero89✯,"Easily the best zombie game i have played so far. Amazing graphics, good story (Both the normal and the following) and the parkour is just so much fun. Little performance issues on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc but overall runs smooth 60fps."
,Recommended,239140,21167525,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Solioz,"Game is very, very fun. Great for Dying Light players. The map is 2 or 4 (cant exactly remember) times bigger. Cant cause lag but for the most part. AWESOME GAME"
,Recommended,239140,21894709,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,mooz,"From the dev of Dead Island and Dead Island: Riptide, Dying Light is essentially an enhanced version of those games, with the Mirror's Edge first-person parkour mechanic thrown in; plus you even get a Just Cause grapple! (Note the forthcoming Dead Island 2 was handed off to a different dev so they could make Dying Light instead.)You basically have the same weapons, crafting, and mission system, with some nice improvements here and there, including a day/night cycle and really awesome gore. I wouldn't say Dying Light is harder than the Dead Island games, but it's definitely more challenging (almost annoyingly so), especially with night mode, as well as the falling to your death ability. But it's cool as all hell!The Following dlc adds a whole new huge area to explore, and a buggy you can drive that's a bit different than the driving in Dead Island. You have to maintain it, including wear, fuel, and upgrades. And it does have nitro!So if you like a high-quality, challenging, mission-based zombie game, this is surely for you. Well, maybe. Really."
76561198272302874,Recommended,239140,24272762,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,I am Potato,10/10
,Recommended,239140,20837549,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Avagantimos,It's what Dead Island should have been all along.
,Recommended,239140,24230340,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mits,"How zombie games were meant to be played. It's difficult. Night time can be scary and has RPG elements in it. If you like rpgs, shooters, question and progressing. This is worth getting."
76561198144358140,Recommended,239140,24232940,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TanukiBro,This game is amazing. It has great story and gameplay. I would rate it 8.5/10
76561198171564330,Recommended,239140,24277433,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,mecanick013,"Good game overall, and decent story. However the jump from the crane still needs to be fixed. I can't complete the game with this issue. Overall still pretty good. Idk how so much coffee survived the zombie epidemic though."
76561198085884743,Recommended,239140,24257116,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Pommi Ankka hellcase.com,Very good game little bit hard but still very good. In the game is some scary situations but still good
76561198030167079,Recommended,239140,24263868,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,YounG_PaPi,Best $35 I've ever spent 9.5/10
76561198089190215,Recommended,239140,24266679,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Futhertundra,GREAT GAME 10/10
,Recommended,239140,24517400,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,hedonist. [tf2 brat],Masterpiece
76561198131597615,Recommended,239140,23411794,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sausage Slaps,very good
,Recommended,239140,23452741,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ferbbomb,"This Game is great it has FPS aspects and parkour but you can parkour almost anywhere you are hardly limited to where you can climb and run not only that it has over 100 findable weapons and you can mod them to have even more options and then there are all the easter eggs like mario,PvZ,Legend of zelda and many more but don't go out at night or you will die unless you have good weapons."
76561198111304969,Recommended,239140,23453021,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Man That's Lit,"The game is so good if you play with friends otherwise it's pretty boring The story is not good at all but if you look over there, it's a good game the game is like Assassins Creed but with zombies freeruning in this game are very good I give the game 8/10 just the story is not that good otherwise i would give it 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,23464073,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,🅱ecla,"Quick review:PROS: The base campaign (no dlc) is awesome, fun physics, nice combat mechanics, parkour is awesome and plenty of other stuff to keep you occupied for 30+ or so hours.CONS: Having to see ads for their dlcs inside a game you already paid a good sum for is kinda crappy + the nightstalker multiplayer is pretty unbalanced. Playerbase for co-op (in Oceania atleast) seems to be dead.Overall: A good game really worth picking up on special or full price if you enjoy Dead Island/Dead Rising type games with a parkour twist. Note: This game, despite title, does NOT include the Following dlc."
,Recommended,239140,23464355,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,VitalityForGamers,"Greate Zombie game and enjoying the story play thru... I recommend it, yet it is missing something, like needing more impact you are making in the game,"
,Recommended,239140,23547948,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,cDKI,"For a zombie game, Dying Light is a surprisingly fun experience that trumps its predecessor: Dead Island.Dying Light introduces parkour into a zombie apocalypse, and it makes the rpg experience so much fun. The animations are smooth and transition without hitches, to where you can go from running on rooftops to drop kicking zombies into spiked traps, to using the heads of the infected as a means of transportation. After a point in the game, you acquire a grappling hook, which adds an element of verticality to the game, and greatly speeds up the action in the game,The melee system from Dead Island has been cleaned up, and feels great. The upgrade skills you get can give you unique options to kill zombies other than ""wackig with bat""The graphics are great, with amazing visual and audio feedback, zombies *feel fun* to cut and slice, and the elemental effects are amazingly visceral. The game runs pretty well, even on lower end machines.The story is cliche and forgettable with the cast of zombie survivor tropes, and a bunch of plot holes. Fortunatly, there are plenty of side quests and activities that can increase your playtime.Dying Light's gimmick is that you can play either in the daytime or nighttime, and these have different playstyles. During the day, you get to enjoy Harran in all its beauty. However in the night, zombies become more active and dangerous, creating a much more intense experience.I do have some gripes especially with some of the mobs (exploding zombies in particular), which seemed to be placed in trolly locations and stop the zombie mayhem with insta-kill mechanics. Some of the later side quest these jerks are placed in closets, and will insta-kill you when you are trying to finish a quest.Overall, Dying Light is the best zombie-action game on the market and worth checking out.Reccomendede"
,Recommended,239140,21147481,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Chr11S,The best Development team that ever existed! <3
,Recommended,239140,30794654,Posted: 28 March,all,Bapa F. Guiedo,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,239140,32609509,Posted: 20 June,all,Pr10gun,"A good combine of survival, open world, parkour and of course, zombies."
,Recommended,239140,32597869,Posted: 20 June,all,Fluroz,"If mama ain't happy, nobody ain't happy."
,Recommended,239140,32630340,Posted: 21 June,all,Ubalube,"Best zombie game I've played!Pros-parkour and movementWeapons and dlc pricesAmazing graphicsIntense MomentsCombatEaster EggsWeaponsCons-Story (pretty short)Last boss fight is just pressing buttons in a cutsceneIn the following dlc, it got less fun because guns whichare meant to be rare are almost guaranteed every mission.Overall this bundle and the tame itself is worth the money! If you want guns quickly and to drive a car right at the start, then you should purchase enhanced edition along with achieving survivor level 6 and play the following."
76561198343959289,Recommended,239140,32633293,Posted: 21 June,all,LOL,Hid on top of a pole survived the night
,Recommended,239140,32575927,Posted: 19 June,all,iRyuuH,10/10 recomendado papuh :v
,Recommended,239140,32582968,Posted: 19 June,all,George The Zebra,Ay this is a pretty rad zombie game about some pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Chicks
76561197990906202,Recommended,239140,32582861,Posted: 19 June,all,Rubberus Duckus,"A thrilling game, full of heart-pounding moments and oh♥♥♥♥♥♥surprises. A parkour zombie game with a mixture of slow, fast and very fast zombies. If you really want to feel a rush, play this game in the dark, while the game is being played at night (in-game time) then just start making some noise. Moments later you'll be running your♥♥♥♥♥off as monstrous sounds come from every direction."
76561197972219023,Recommended,239140,32604537,Posted: 20 June,all,eddie55,Awesome
,Recommended,239140,32598483,Posted: 20 June,all,PerHaps | Sour Diesel,game is good. But ♥♥♥♥ the Tahir boss fight.
,Recommended,239140,32635272,Posted: 21 June,all,Squire Occlusion,"this game is the best game i have played to date.... i might not have to many hours in this game, becuase i played single player campain and never put that much time into the other side missions and every thing else... but i am playing it again with my friend like a year later.... STILL FUN AS♥♥♥♥♥♥... very very good game.. very polished.... and now there are new wepons... and after i finish this,... i am getting the dlc The Following... if you are thinking about this game.... get it.... amazing fun, but, if you play with a friend..... DO NOT PLAY WITH OUT HIM.... becuase if you keep going and your friend is not on the same missions he can have snying problmes with his play threw.... so... stay on the same missions together... but yea.... plz play this game... 10/10"
76561198146476713,Recommended,239140,32641770,Posted: 22 June,all,cool dude,a great edition amazing gameplay love it lets see more things in dying light just like this very happy great deal i highly recommend dying light to anyone who likes either parkour or slicing zombies left right and centre thats my review
76561198067469085,Recommended,239140,33208711,Posted: 3 July,all,Jrex,"There is a achievement for killing 100 zombies by kicking them off roofs.There are dev weapons that are insanely op until you realise that they break fast, you can't repair them. And the devs memed you.Once you get a gun it's all ""OHHHH BOI"" then you use it on zombies and the devs decide to♥♥♥♥♥♥you with fast moving zombies.In the first boss fight you get a machete, a table leg, firecrackers, throwing knifes, and a bunch of steel pipes. And you get to fight the hulks older brother who duck taped 5 tons of scrap metal and trash onto himself as armor. Then the game gives a massive ♥♥♥♥ you by making him a regular enemy later in the game.By day your goal is to beat zombies to death in the coolest way possible. By night you run away from 50 versions of you who took steroids, cut off their privates, and have decided that you look like you would taste much better than the several day old corpses they have been eating.Most useful skill in the game for combat is the finish move. Yet I would rather get drop kick and knock over zombies then beat them senseless with a metal pipe while they are stunned on the ground.While you leave the base the guard at the hate decided that while he holds a Razer sharp machete and is currently doing nothing while standing inside, you would be better off with a knock off Lucille,  as in a table leg with a couple nails in it.Mission 1 is ""cross the street"""
76561197975203513,Not Recommended,239140,20177936,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Qantourisc,"Very fun game. Still some crashes left on Linux when in coop multplayer.So can still not recommend a yes. I'd vote neutral, but no such option.Also you get a choice: unplug your microphone (especially in a noisy mic or room or PC) or you will attract very nasty zombies at night.No way to disable this crap ingame, you have to mess with settings if you wish to have voice chat in co-op then."
,Recommended,239140,33192845,Posted: 3 July,all,Metabee,this game is amazing! fully recomended
76561198088314260,Recommended,239140,33199859,Posted: 3 July,all,OOOF,Such a great game. I'm not even finished with the campaign and I love it
76561198101577004,Recommended,239140,33167443,Posted: 2 July,all,Jxnitro,"Really good game, got some peformance issues but this is one of those games much like skyrim and fallout where the game is so good that the performance issues and the crashes are just snuffed out by the brilliance of fun and enjoyment you are having. And since I started with it I'm gonna continue with the performance. For the most part the game runs well, not the most optimised from my experience (your's may differ) and for the most part the game does run really well but sometimes you will get huge dips in FPS during moments where you're not really doing anything intense, just a change in scenery. ex. 90 fps droping to 50 after walking 2 steps into certain allies or areas. Now I have a decent, although aging mid teir pc, i5 4690k @4.3ghz, 8 gigs of ram @ 1600mghz (fine for all the games I play) and msi gaming x 1060 6gigs. Play with film grain effect off, motion blurr off, pcss off, view distance at default 50%, maxed everything else. 70-80 fps on most things, 90 sometimes, dips to as low as the high 40s very playable but the dips are unusual. Also from what I've experience the game does not run well on GPU overclockes at all. Lots of microstuddering and frame dips as well as crashes whenever I loade up overclockes. My 1060 can hit +150 mhz on the core and +540mhz on the memory perfectly stable in every single one of my other games but in this game I can't even load up a 100 mhz, default memory, maxed temp and power limit profile. Seems to only be stable with CPU clocks and stock GPU clocks. Even then I hear some people have GPU problems with factory clocks.The gameplay is amazing. Melee weapons all feel great, gun play is a bit slow compared to twitch shooters but once you get the hang of aiming you can snap between targets fast enough though still not as fast as a pure FPS ofc. Parkour and the entire movment system works absolutely as intended, think assassin's creed lvl of climb everything but in first person. Each weapon type feels balanced. Knives are insanely fast allowing you to deliver increadible numbers of controled attacks but at reduced damage and of course more hits to the enemies also means more hits to your melee weapon durability. One handed mid range melee weapons are probaby the all around weapons. Decent range, high speed and manuverability, low stamina costs, ofc not as fast or low stamina cost as short knives and the short weapons but still good. Then you have the longer two handed light weapons as I call them. These include things like bates and full sized swords and are my personal favorite, long range, high damage per hit, but are a bit slower and require some time to recover from but the range and power allows you to take out multiple enemies with fewer swings while staying just barely out of the range of the enemies, most of the time. Then there are the heavy weapons, axes, sledge hammers things of that sort, HUGE range, insane damage, hight stamina, very slow. All melee weapons have a set number of times they can be repaired and after you've used up all the repairs the weapon becomes near worthless and this applies to all rarities though the rarer the weapon the more repairs avaliable. Guns on the other hand have infinite durability however they aren't as effective fighting crowds of enemies once they get close. Guns are pretty balanced too. Hand guns tend to have medium fire rates, low recoil and low damage but are good at close range for easy head shots which guarantee kills. They also have the highest accuracy but most pistols faulter at range with a few exceptions like some revolvers however those guns are balanced with insanely high damage per shot, small mags, slower reloads, and heavy recoil. Rifles are great mid range to high but surprisingly don't do much damage, slightly higher than normal hand guns but weaker than revolvers (maybe I haven't found them all yet) bit they have high fire rates, decent recoil and have great iron sight control and kick♥♥♥♥♥against crowds or solo zombies at mid to long range, get up close though and it feels like you can barely hit crap without a bunch of pointless spraying first. Shotguns do the most damage and are best at close to mid range but they have the highest damage fall off and second lowest reload speeds based on the ones I have found. Then there are bows and crossbows. The bow has crazy bullet drop but it fires faster than the cross bow and is easier to aim in my opinion. Towards the higher lvls bow (regular bow I know there's apparently another bow available) does weaker damage than the pistols BUT bows have craftable ammo while guns have ammo you have to buy. Also bow ammo requires some of the easiest to find materials but the best thing about the bow is that you can buy different arrow heads with significant uses. The same for the crossbow but in my honest opinion the regular bow has the superior ammo types, probably to balance out the fact that the cross bow has pretty much no bullet drop, faster projectiles, much more damage. Also the ammo for the crossbow is even cheaper to craft than the bow however the arrow types for the crossbow are less usefull and less powerful and the fire rate is much slower. slowest in game since you have to reload all the time but it has the best armor peircing capabilties. There's a lot more to be said about the weapons but it's better experienced than read.Next are the skill trees, What can I say? They're good from things like better looting, combat skills, movement skills, loot skills, damage reduction, even camoflage for those who wish to avoid combate. Beyond that there are things called legend skills which are sort of skill points you earn after completing a tree which offers abilties. Legend skills are not abilty skills like the basic skill trees. Legend skills are straight up stat buffs that you can spec into. Such as more HP and damage towards different weapon types. Mostly damage actually. There's much to so about the skills but this part can easily be googled to see what does what if you want more details.Story is decent, not the best and not the longest but interesting. Very VERY predictable but polished and the voice acting is good. Even all the side missions are voice acted and there are a ton of side missions from various sources from things that you find off the ground which have missions tied to them to walking into certain areas that have missions. Reminds me of Borderlands 2 except even more side missions than that. Nearly every friendly NPC you meet will have side missions for you some even mission chains. All of them are voice acted and done so well. All voices have accents that fit the setting of the game which seems to be middle east. So you will find a lot of sort of middle eastern sounding people and russian accents as well as british accents but those characters have back stories that make sense as to why they have british accents in a middle eastern setting. Others have goofy accents that aren't explained but are clearly their for amusment like this one character from a side mission who talked like a sterotypical american army officer complete with a helmet and a tathered army style vest and funny dialog. This particular version of the game comes with the following DLC which is pretty much as content filled as the base game in terms of side missions and map size. This part is probably the part that I leave out the most details but that is mainly due to there being so much side content that I just haven't done. gret game 9/10 would have been 10/10 if the game had a less predictable story. I mean I'm all for side content to lengthen the game but damn some of the budget for voice acting and writing side missions could have significantly created a great and complex main story. Then this game would have been a truely amazing master peice."
,Recommended,239140,32706198,Posted: 23 June,all,Roadman Shaq,Beautiful game. Developers are good. Get it.
,Recommended,239140,33116827,Posted: 1 July,all,Foxenheit,One of the goodest zombie survival games 7/10
76561198085124464,Recommended,239140,33179658,Posted: 3 July,all,Molester pls help,yeahs
76561198118608817,Recommended,239140,33224506,Posted: 4 July,all,Ochin Chin Suge,"I really wanted to play this game , every time i try to launch the game it crashes and this message is displayed ""dying light cannot write in game folder"" , i don't have any idea what to do , i tried every method possible , please help me."
,Recommended,239140,27997061,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Havoc,"Amazing game! If you like parkour and you like to kill zombies, then this is a must have for you, it's basically a Mirror's Edge with Dead Island, the story is amazing, you do the main quests or side quests or parkour challenges and a lot more, all those are really fun to play specially playing co-op, you need to deliver things, you need to run, you need to survive, you need to kill the zombies, on daylight things are kinda calm you have some zombies there you craft weapons and kill them, but at night things gets complicated, all zombies runs like crazy after you and there's special zombies that only appears at nights, it's scary, good night good luck."
,Recommended,239140,28055934,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LabuLabi,The best zombie game in the market!Many easter egg for you to find 👍🏼
,Recommended,239140,24751395,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Raven,good game recommend 8/10
76561198145837152,Recommended,239140,24742248,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Jinglepops,"Very fun game, Techland blended parkour and action perfectly with this game, although the story was a bit bland, gameplay is amazing!"
76561198256073828,Recommended,239140,22352610,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Threefriends72,"Superbe jeu. Dying Light est un bijou dans un monde ouvert post-apocalyptique. Les zombies ont envahis la cité d'Harran. On se retrouve avec un principe semblable à Dead Island. Mais là où Dying Light innove, c'est par les graphismes et son gameplay plus que jouissif. Et que dire de The Following où on a un buggy pour pouvoir écraser et charcuter un max de zombies tout ça en vue FPS! Un jeu très impressionnant, qui se suit très bien et surtout, une extension parfaite à un jeu déjà presque parfait à tous points de vue! À saisir immédiatement sans hésiter!"
,Recommended,239140,21931255,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TheMixtureMedia,"I would first love to say that this game is great and works great on Ubuntu (Linux). I have played and finished the game twice. I can not wait for the 2nd game to come out. I loved the story line and loved how everything looked on the screen. On average while I was playing the game I was getting between 30-60 FPS at 1080p. Also for my computer I am running Ubuntu 16.04, 32 gigs of ram, AMD 8370 and a GTX 960. My steam drive is a Samsung 120 gig 840 series. For the video card driver version I am running 370.23. This was a great game right up to the end also when you finish the game you can still play and explore the area."
76561198324160361,Recommended,239140,30856301,Posted: 31 March,all,BLAZED,great story loads to do and coop love it
76561198121941860,Recommended,239140,25206266,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Yolnor,Buy it
,Recommended,239140,25193466,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wibbly Wobbly B33TS,"When i first played this game, I had just finished watching The Walking Dead, and i thought i would look for an entertaining zombie game. I had heard the name Dying Light, and i knew it was a zombie game, so i downloaded it. I really didnt expect to have this much fun with it.Graphics: Simply put, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. The atmosphere, the debris, the dust gliding through the air. Everything looks very beautiful. While there are occasional lighting bugs, i can say with confidence that they are rare, and do not effect the game whatsoever.Gameplay: A lot of games try to go for parkour in their game, because its ""cool"". Mirrors Edge comes to mind, and that game was fun. But then i remember games like Brink, that completely tanked, because the parkour just wasnt well done or well implemented. But this game does it fantastically. When running from rooftop to rooftop, it feels natural and extremely fun. And when you start leveling up, thats when you can really take advantage of the beautiful city that was created.DLC: So The Following basically removes the free running aspect, and replaces it with cars. Normally, i wouldnt like it, since the free running was so well done. But i have to say, they really worked to make the car mechanic feel extremely good. It honestly doesnt feel like a DLC Mechanic. I can't say much for the DLC story, besides i dont like the endingAll in all, a great game, and i would reccomend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,239140,20261585,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Maximus5335,"As someone that played zombie games on a xbox everyone is starting to get bored of zombie games, This is not the case in dying light because it has an amazing story,with great caracters that actually make  you care about them,the combat is awesome feels fresh and very new to the zombie  area whch is very shocking.The parkour system,Honestly I as someone that does parkour can say it is AMAZING the momentum you have to have,its just awesome.If you are someone that wants a zombie game that is new,fresh amazing story,parkour system and that has alot of weapons and other fun ways to kill zombies then what are you waiting for buy this game!!!10/10And dont forget Good night and Good luck :)"
,Recommended,239140,20336739,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,WarioMan,"Pros:+Co-op experience we hoped farcry 3 would have but with zombies.+Open world in both single and multiplayer+Parkour opens up the world POV Assassins Creed+Adds survivor sense which reveal's nearby items and openable containers in normal mode+Swimming has more purpose than bumming around in the water with ingredient's on the ocean floor+Human vs Zombie mode Dark Souls style invading other players game+Zombie player invasion's are optional, host's can play online Co-op without worrying about being trolled by invaders+Steam Workshop Map support+Single and Co-op challeges which are also optional but rewarding more exp+Voice acting is improved over Dead Island+Improved enviroment and gore detail+Nightmare mode adds greater depth to difficultyCons:-Cliche story characters-Most side quests are fetch quests with a few highlight quest's requiring to scale tall buildings(radio towers not including)-Hard mode makes survivor sense dumbed down to highlighting only droped weapons and volatile zombies-Most finishing moves become just for show once you get one hit kill weapons-Common zombies have all the same dentistry like their sucking on a glass window without lips doing a horse impression-UV flashlight becomes useless when flares are better at getting volatiles to F*** off at a distance-Most important of all YOU CANNOT OVERCLOCK YOUR VIDEO CARD OR ELSE THE GAME CRASHES or worst you'll have to underclock just to keep it from crashing(this may not be the case with Amd but certainly Nvidia)-Enchanced edition brings some positive changes along with many bugs...-Still cant overclock even in Enchanced editionConclusion:Overall Dying light is the best zombie game from techland thus far, the gameplay itself hold's the game up. But unless you've got a high end video card that can stand to run games decently without being overclocked I would wait until a fix gets patched, low framerate in this game will drive you mad while attempting to parkour or even steer your character.And Techland if your thinking of getting back together with deep silver, please dont. Deep silver is a sinking ship, Dead island was only slightly fun but it was extremely buggy, repetitive and clunky."
76561198079397643,Recommended,239140,24787891,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,murphy,10\10
76561198082511610,Recommended,239140,24784919,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,I_noSc0pedJFK,It's alright i guess.
,Recommended,239140,30841340,Posted: 30 March,all,Tiger Weeds,"I love it, but I'd prefer realistic gun though :)"
76561198097672590,Recommended,239140,20944136,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,naj2533,Had fun playing. Good game mechanices.
,Recommended,239140,21179912,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zenoxy ©,I wish there was a middle option becuase this game is great but honestly I don't think it's worth £40...
,Recommended,239140,25154099,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SkYHawK 2600,Do you have a -no life- friend like you and you guys don't know what to play together. Now you do...
76561198029253763,Recommended,239140,30842673,Posted: 30 March,all,Junry,Fragging Amazing..The Zombie game craze has been saturated for years. But this game doesnt feel stale. it feels fun original and the whole game from combat to multiplayer mechnics are AM<AZING!
,Recommended,239140,30842675,Posted: 30 March,all,Spanx24,Best zombie game I've ever played
76561198117634707,Recommended,239140,24843240,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ridgway500,"Great game, very fun!"
76561198029002931,Recommended,239140,24903795,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,xyz.png,Buy this game.  It's the best zombie game.
76561198075136572,Not Recommended,239140,24829857,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Casual Casshern,"Parkour and zombies what can go wrong? A lot really due to the simplest things not working right when you need them to. Trying to run away from zombies, quick climb up that ledge... or just jump and not grab it because certain parkour elements are clunky as ♥♥♥♥..."
76561198116557496,Recommended,239140,24875971,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Slippi,This game is just perfect. buy it in any prize guys!
76561198203883733,Recommended,239140,30844174,Posted: 30 March,all,DedSec,GRE!
76561198207770932,Recommended,239140,21881108,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Arrowtotheknee,My god. This game is amazing. The graphics are beautiful. The gameplay is great. The parkour works really well and the night chases are thrilling. I'm not too far in to the game but it's easily one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198033042472,Recommended,239140,24803475,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,llorrac869,"The best mix of story/quest and great graphics, animation of any game I've played as single player or co-op, period!! Worth every penny."
,Recommended,239140,30842268,Posted: 30 March,all,F.U.N.,"Game mechanics is amazing. Free running across the city is even better than other games focused on this aspect, like Mirror's edge or Assassins Creed. Zombies are dull but the infected are scary as ♥♥♥♥, you may want to scout on daylight and use the nigth to move around safe zones, at least at the beginning.It has a very good cooperative game and the weapons costumisation are pretty solid.The story is quite dull and naive sometimes, but since you probably playing coop or exploring the map, you won't care. :D"
76561198030681948,Recommended,239140,24828446,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,david3907,Mostly an excellent games. Let down by the stupid speed missions. Most of them seemily impossible at least me for me.Had some issues with freezing that required hard resets. Add to that a bit shorter than I hoped. The repeatable zombie killing missions are just rubbish.7/10
,Recommended,239140,24930291,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Melazi,"Great game. Played 200+ hours. Solo play is good because the storyline is decent. But playing with friends is just hilarious because you will constantly be getting distracted and laugh at each other.-""Let's go talk to this guy in the shop over here... ""OOOO A POLICE CAAAAAAAR!"" *Gets face eaten while lock picking for loot* ""WHAT the... I thought you were on the lookout?-""I saw another police car...""*cough cough*-""*Turns around* Hey wait... Where are you???-""FIELD OF ZOMMMMBIES!!!"" *Mows over them figure 8 style with the dune buggie*The only negative point I can find is that the big boss fights in the game take away your weapon and either make you fist fight or use a crappy weapon. Why would they do this when you've spent time finding and upgrading your weapon and also earning skills which help you in combat. The final boss fight had no weapon and just popped up letters which you have to quikly push to punch or jab. ""W, S, D"" Really?!! I have been fighting herds of zombies and the epic part of the story gives me ""W, S, D""?"
76561198021763268,Recommended,239140,19678254,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dre4s,This game is soooo mutch fun!!!! :D
76561198014131245,Recommended,239140,30844282,Posted: 30 March,all,chibi,wear your brown pants
76561198045452858,Recommended,239140,24954628,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TriTTon,You wanna know how to become a real man....well get this game you will soon find out what i mean.Dying Lights strength is the Parkour it mades the game extremly amazing. Besides compledetly Dead and noncaring NPC and Crane whos allways like : I can do it.... sadly.The games story is decent its ok ive counted 168 Cliches soo its okGrab a few freinds unlock the Dropkick have fun and enjoy this game ;)
,Recommended,239140,14475929,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Big Tompson,uhhh
76561198059094387,Recommended,239140,24999843,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ThePac,Probably one of my fav games of all time. Keep them coming.
,Recommended,239140,24976360,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,_UnderScore_,"If you enjoy gory, fast-paced, zombie games, I'd definitely recommend this game. It has a decent story, great graphics, tons of easter eggs and the most satisfyingly sadistic ways to chop up zombies.The base game is very good and has loads of missions to do, however playing it a second time can get tedious as you know what's going to happen.The following DLC however is like an entirely different game. The map is absolutely massive, when I saw it, I literally couldn't believe it.If you buy this game, expect to spend many hours on it, even after you complete the story it's fun to just go around slicing up zombies, just for fun :)"
76561198010422539,Recommended,239140,21073963,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Anise is Balthazar,was standing on a roof in old town after installing the following-viral climbs up but doesnt make it to the top and falls off-lands on back on spike ball ouch-go down to loot and BAM hes still alive-making zombie noises and squinting at me-shot him with an arrow-stopped making noisedamnso far so good
76561198039468422,Recommended,239140,21086141,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SnowMexican,"Incredible, Ive put 90 hours into already and now with the release of The Following, I am back smashing zombies with a new buggy to help. Amazing fun, great replay value, excellent multiplayer. Keeps bringing me back!!"
,Recommended,239140,21086268,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Vault,Good
,Recommended,239140,20612336,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Seph,I cant stop trying to parkour on other games.10/10
,Recommended,239140,21083220,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Isaac Clarke,"Good game, they added a new difficulty, and new map, so It's pretty good."
76561198007986355,Recommended,239140,21083430,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,mummbles,SCARY FUN
76561198011207969,Recommended,239140,21059728,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JessO,"It was fun to play but has a few annoying/bad design choices. I would recommend it, but don't recommend taking it too seriously.The parkor element is actually pretty good either too good for some spots on the maps or the maps aren't as good. sometimes the flimsiest excuses box you in, or an invisable wall, or they disable your grappling hook to artificially pump the difficulty. 90% of the time they do such a good job I don't feel like the failures were unavoidable; they just ran out of time or something.Also after not even a single quick time event the whole game, the boss battle ends up just being a series of them. Really weird design choice and made me feel cheated; I build a great arsenal to take on an epic boss battle and final showdown... and all I got were some stilted quick-time events.Theirs some weird writing/story issues too, but I don't want to give out spoilers. just enjoy the jumpy jumpy smashy smashy and you're good."
76561197980585126,Recommended,239140,21079552,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,GlutenMagic,Needs more types of guns. Great game still.
,Recommended,239140,21077673,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,PeZxt,Yes
76561198032239965,Recommended,239140,21078017,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Psycho,"For the first time in ages a tripple A game came out that was good. I also must admit that for the first time I really felt like I was surviving a zombie wast land, insted of a smash and bash my way to the next objective. I recomend this game highly for anyone who wants to feel like they are in the zombie apocalypse, not just a game."
,Recommended,239140,21078043,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Agente9977,its free ?
,Recommended,239140,21078067,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Von Basterd,Shut up and take my money!
76561198100174775,Recommended,239140,18150567,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Chainy Mczainer Stain,terrible 2d platformer decent fps amazing parcour system
76561198090910713,Recommended,239140,21077279,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Logos,"Dying Light - An underrated, fast paced zombie survival and a hybrid of the action, adventure, and RPG genres. This game has it all:- PARKOR- Character development- Intense combat (melee and ranged)- ZombiesWhat really makes this game great though is playing with a good friend or friends. The story is OK, and single player can be enjoyable, but ambushing two goons or going through a pack of zombies is one of the better mutliplayer experiences I have had. I highly recommend this game, and go ahead and get the season pass, because once you start playing it you will wish you did."
76561198113025301,Recommended,239140,21078609,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,baziev1984,будет интересно
76561198085045446,Recommended,239140,18875215,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hentie Dj,Windows 10 caused driver crash had to go back to 7 best zomby game ever played buy it.
,Recommended,239140,14201793,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DAG The Gay Bacon,"Has many bugs, and glitchs, but it is a phenomenal game and if you have the money to buy it, i recommend that you do!"
,Recommended,239140,14201966,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Wrathraker,Remember that game Dead Island?  It's kinda like that except its fundamentally a good game with better production values.8.5/10 Good Techland
,Recommended,239140,14202013,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Vvaridus,"Not sure why there is so many negative reviews for AMD users. I am an AMD user and here is my spec and I run the game on full with no issues at all:CPU: AMD FX 8350 (8CPUs - 4GHz)RAM: 16GBGPU: AMD XFX Radeon 7970 3GBNot one issue or problem with low FPSAnyway from what little I have played this game is awsome stunning visuals, great game play, hard melle combat, the parkour system takes some getting used to but is amazing once you get into it. Story is good so far, it has my attention at least."
76561197996287543,Recommended,239140,14202084,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Hawes Man,"Even without having tried the co-op, I like the game for its fun combat, free running, and general atmosphere.Good buy"
76561198043023813,Recommended,239140,14202576,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Macid,"I have Streamed for 11 Hours now and heres my reviewThe best way to describe this game is ""solid""Pro-Story is long-Its very satisfying to kill Zombies-Good boss fights-Free running isnt bad- the night is freaking terrifying-there is a zombie kid-fairly good graphicsCon-Terrible voice acting-weak story-no depth in character development-not enough crafting options-the zombie kid creeped me out-not enough boss fights-some freezes that go away after you wait like 5 secconds but the game continues ( killed me some times)All in all its a solid game that isnt dissapointing but isnt that great i would recommend waiting till it gets cheaper and then buy it but deffinietly buy it ;)"
,Recommended,239140,14202644,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Gekal,"There is honestly no need of a full review for this game. It's not bad, it's just a complete copy and paste of Dead Island with an addition of a new map and parkour, and some decent graphics. Finished 73% of the story and really the only fun I'm having is jumping around from building to building.IF YOU HAVE PLAYED DEAD ISLAND DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT FULL PRICE.If you have not, you are in for a whole world of awesome fun."
,Recommended,239140,14202711,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,64RRY,Really awesome game reminds me of dead island. Don't see why people are complaining that it isn't working i have a AMD FX-6300 and 8 GB Ram and i run perfectly fine.
76561197972096634,Recommended,239140,14203169,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nufin,"From the story line to the open world, the ability do as you please, this game is a solid zombie game. Full of awesome weapons, detailed missions and the option to explore and complete the game as you please. You won't be sad you brought this game. Graphics are crazy, sound details is excellent.Crafting, night time play, timed ""fun"" side mission. Been playing for 17 hours and its still feels like the excitment of the first hour.  10/10"
,Recommended,239140,14203171,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,K.Ang,fun......fun......fun......fun......fun......fun......
76561197960691054,Recommended,239140,14203327,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,I2ezin,I dont know whats wrong with all these people who have these high end components and arent able to play this. They should stop knocking the game when its really something wrong with their system. Im getting a playable frame rate with specs below.Phenom X4 965Radeon 7770 1 GB8 GB 1600 Ram1920x 1080Medium texture and everything else off/ low.Ill review the game when I get more time on it.
76561198034156004,Recommended,239140,14202802,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,♕Dukewolf♕,10/10would break my legs again
76561198069505376,Recommended,239140,14203392,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,E_bag17,"7 hours of *rubbing nipples* NYESS!!! Although I am having some graphical issues with AMD, but it is extremely minor."
76561197990685377,Recommended,239140,14203649,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CoachDrak,"Dynamic day night cycle is working, not certain what was wrong (the below reviews mention its quest based) in co-op it DEFINITELY is time based, in inventory screen there is a ticking clock."
,Recommended,239140,14203652,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,bryan120000,"so far i've played maybe 10 hours of the game and i've got to say its been very enjoyable. The best zombie game i've ever played. i have fun at any given moment. just running around the map and looting is fun. playing co-op enhances the experience greatly. there has been a few issues though. my friend and i would be playing co-op and occasionally(on his AMD 8370 cpu with AMD 7950 gpu)he will get a freeze, then crash to desktop. I have an intel/Nvida system (4790 i7 and 780ti) and have not had any issues. But through those times where that happened we had many hours of fun with the game. I would encourage anyone who has a group of friends interested in getting this, to get it. playing on your own is fun as well but when you can enjoy the experience with 2,3,4 people just makes it that much better :)"
,Recommended,239140,14203835,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Moek,Basically a better version of Dead Island
,Recommended,239140,14203989,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Poeskak,Cannot get the game to run any higher than 30 fps.( However this is because im running AMD and alot of people with AMD are having trouble. I have a pretty powerful computer and can run all the games i mainly play on high / ultra smoothly.)  and it freezes alot. I would recommend everyone to buy this game however just be aware that they need to bring out the patch to make it not laggy. Overall the little bit of the game i did manage to play without tearing out my eyeballs due to the lag it was amazing!! The zombie killing in the game is amazing very smooth and very satisfying. The parkour is extremely smooth. Overally a well made game.
,Recommended,239140,14204098,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheOneHitPupper,"Jesus christ this game. I've taken an interest around a year ago when the game was first announced. I was incredibly excited. As the release date was pushed back several months, it only made the suspense grow. Now skip forward to today, the first day of release, I can tell you that I am not disappointed. I knew the campaign would be worth mentioning. Here's the lineup (Review is subject to change as I progress deeper into the game) :Storyline (so far) = 9/10Movement = 10/10Weapon system = 9/10Zombies = 10/10 (AI is great)Loot System = 8/10Combat = 7/10 (Hardly any accuracy with early melee weapons)Voice Acting = 9/10"
,Recommended,239140,14204111,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ColdIronFission,"Aside from a occasional lag waves, fantastic game.I have to say you know ur a beast when ur walking around in the dark slowly towards a Player Controled night hunter and hes running away from you because he knows u will 1 shot him without even using the UV light when he wants to pounce in. Ah, u can't just buy that kind of feeling. JK YOU CAN (would reccomend you get this game when its at least 25% off. beautiful game, but it has its bugs. just wait a bit."
,Recommended,239140,14204196,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kingslayer,This game is very addicting. The coop is awesome!!! Everyone should get this game if you are into zombie post apocalypse games.Some Pros that I enjoy in the game:-Nice Graphics.-Alot of items to keep you wanting to explore.-4 player coop is awesome.-Tons of quests.-Brutal zombie kills/gore-Many different ways to kill zombies-3 skill trees-Harder zombies that drop better loot.(kinda like bosses)Cons:-None that stick out enough to make me write a review about them.
76561198068647705,Recommended,239140,14204247,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Goofy Op,the game is WAY smoother than i expected it to be. ita alot of fun to play and the parlour mechanics make the gameplay very interesting. i would highly recomend this game it really sets the bar for new zombie games to come. check out my gameplay here if you would like:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDG6XXblMNUdead island + farcry + mirrors edge + f***ng awesome = dying light
76561198056604310,Recommended,239140,20802072,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,HuginandMugin,"Not normally a fan of zombie games. This one pushed the bar with fun mechanics, a fun plot, and fun NPCs. Very few of the people you interact with are boring, the game is funny, and the freestyle running and combat is fun. I was not expecting the plot to be as well done as it was. All in all a good game."
,Recommended,239140,20781935,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Terry Jeffords,"i know iv only got 26hrs on this game but iv completly finished the story and quite a few of the side missions and i can safely say this game is amazing. I have a 4GB gtx 850m and for anybody whos looking at the minimum requirements and you see that you need a 3.5Ghz Processor, you dont. i have a 2.4Ghz and i can run the game at an average of 50 -60 fps."
,Recommended,239140,20625751,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,DankAsFukBoi,"The best way to describe this game is like if dead island, a boring and mediocre game, got amazing graphics, parkour nearly on the levels of mirrors edge (though noticably inferior), combat that is satisfying and brutal, dropkicks, a villain who seems verryyyy... charismatic, dropkicks, a ton of content, dropkicks, some mother ♥♥♥♥ing-♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥itty teriffying moments for a game that spends its daylight hours being relatively tame,dropkicks and more. Good night. Good luck."
76561197969072023,Recommended,239140,20785531,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Just,Hi i was not sure at first took a gamble and i must say what a great game cant wait for the expansion
76561197961216103,Recommended,239140,20785700,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Jobbo,"Open world zombie survival game with crafting and parkour. Sounds cool and it is. It's actually like a refined version of Dead Island, with much more fluid controls and menus etc.Graphically the game is excellent. The environments are really beautiful and have no issues with draw distance. Lighting is great and for a game that makes a big deal out of night time, it should be.Its fun to play co-op too, but the first and last ~45 mins have to be played single player, which is a bit of a let-down. The final boss is also a bit of an anti-climax.If you liked Dead Island or Left 4 Dead (or maybe even Mirror's Edge) you'll enjoy this. I believe an expansion is on the way with vehicles too..."
76561198099318280,Recommended,239140,20668557,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,cpope,"Super fun game. If you like open world, co-op, parkour, loot, and zombies then this game is perfect for you."
,Recommended,239140,20672540,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,xD,My greatest fear is zombies.
,Recommended,239140,20812058,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,firefiber,"You can do a 360 degree spin using a heavy axe that severs heads while also electrifying AND setting on fire, all the zombies around you.Good times."
76561198038896333,Recommended,239140,20784843,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,KingKoontz,"Great graphics and sound marred by strange game design. Why didn't they just call it ""Dying Gymnastics Studio"" since that's all this game really is. If you've played Dead Island it's more of the same but with lots of climbing and running over roofs but it's still a heck of a lot of fun. If you're on the ground you probably will be something's lunch soon so stay up above the crowd. You can craft weapons on the fly so that's a plus, but constant inventory jumbling gets old fast. Keeping quiet is essential since noise actracts nasty bad things from far away and you won't last! The day/night cycle is interesting and the night brings the worst of the critters out. No idea where they are during the day. This is a game worth checking out is you like the zombie genre!"
,Not Recommended,239140,20797504,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,klamrisk,"Tl;dr: Parkour with zombies, decent with friends.Dying Light is a(nother) zombie game, in which you run across rooftops killing zombies in... sorry, can't remember where the game takes place; I think I fell asleep during a cutscene. As the last sentence may have implied, the story is completely unengaging and boring, with horrendous pacing and forgettable (lack of) characters. You play as boring standard Americano short black hair semi-military guy ""Crane"" and you're a double agent or something. Doesn't matter really, since the game assumes you're not paying attention anyways and puts huge orange beacons at your every objective and destination.So it's another zombie game. Which implies you kill zombies. Which you do, by the truckload. The game has a... wonderful combat mechanic in which you press one button to smash weapn on zombie until dead. Of course, since this is 2016, there's of course a skill tree which gives you more ways to smash (or drop-kick) zombies later on, but still: you don't sell your game well to people if you introduce one of the main elements, combat, by having the player pressing one button until victory.But Lying Dight is also a parkour game! You can run across rooftops, make leaps of faith between buildings and jump off huge towers before landing in a pile of trash taking no damage. But since you're playing as Crane, the most out-of-shape special operative on the planet, you climb walls slower than my grandfather (he's actually in pretty good shape so bad comparison) and can barely run 30 meters before stopping to gasp for breath, usually in the middle of a horde of zombies. ""But klamrisk, there's a skill tree for parkouring!"" Yup, which admitevily does give you cool tricks (that cost more stamina) but does NOT give you long distance running perk until close to max level. Thanks. Overall, the parkouring is slow and requires minimal input and reaction times, which takes away most of the thrill of parkouring. It's almost as if it was made for controller based inputs, like a games console. Speaking of consoles....The field of view in this game is horrendous. And you can't change it. No, being able to change vertical FOV doesn't count. This is probably because this seems to be a console port, but that doesn't make this any less of a problem; a lot of people feel sick while playing on low FOV, one of my friends being among them, which didn't make for an enjoyable experience when we played together. Furthermore, a low FOV on a PC game makes you see less of the things around you, which is just greeaaat for parkouring. Speaking of not being able to see things, the post-processing in Flying Blight is abysmal, often taking up a huge part of your screen, making you see even less of what's going on around you, which is greeaat in a survival zombie parkour game. I turned off all post-processing the game's lacking options allowed me to and the game became bearable to play. Before that, with motion blur and all that shennanigans on, I might as well have been playing blindfolded.But Buying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is a game with multiplayer focus, so maybe the story stuff and fluff can be forgiven (no) and it could be a cool multizedslayerapocalypticon experience? Well, yes, to a degree. The experience is certainly enriched by playing with your friends. Not only do they shout at you for being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, a lot of the mechanics makes way more sense in multi, such as protecting the guy lockpicking, vaulting over each other's heads, clearing big hordes of zombies more effectively as well as loads and loads of challenges of varying degrees of fun. But the game still insists that all of us are the same boring♥♥♥♥♥Crane guy, we have to be all at the same place on this big open-world map to pick up or progress ANY quest (seriously, wtf?) and there's no customization or personalisation beyond differently coloured T-shirts. I wanted to play as Michelle Obama running around killing zombies looking for revenge for Barrack, just like Fallout 4. No such luck (and it ain't that important really), but whatever, just adds more blandness to this already pretty bland game. I suppose you can invade other people's games as a zombie during night which is pretty cool end-game type of stuff I guess but meh, I'd rather play Left 4 Dead 2 for that kinda stuff.The music is decent, but there's way to little of it and I've heard it loop around several times already.Now to end this review with positive things. Looting and scavenging is moderately fun, especially when trying to lockpick a car when surrounded by zeds, and the weapon system is actually decent. You're always scavenging for weapons and parts, 'cause all of your weapons eventually break. Forever. No need to save that delicious orange upgrade for later, try it now! Also, while you're at it, make some burning ninja stars and cryo grenades! It's pretty fun and would have kept you on your toes and made you rethink to maybe opt out of some zombie fights.... if weapons weren't so abundantly prevailent. Seriously, you can find purple-rated weapons literally everywhere, strap burning pants to it and then it's a walk in the park.Overall, Crying Heights is a pretty casual zombie sandbox, with several bad design desicions, to play with your slightly inebriated friends."
,Recommended,239140,14318150,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Communism 101,"It's like Mirrors Edge but with zombies, so if that sounds good then this game is for you"
76561198160973595,Recommended,239140,20766302,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,mr_stabucks22 | skinhub.com,"if you like bashing skulls in and parcouring throug a city, than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,239140,20686026,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Thenavidude,"Two words: Zombie Parkour.  Wait, that's four words..... No now it's eight.  DANGIT IT'S TWELVE NOW.On the twelth day of christmas I gave my self some stuff.And one of them was a Zombie Parkour.And that one was awweeeeeesomme.I r8 8/8 m8 gr8 yur l8 buy this game.BUY IT!  YOU WON'T REGRET IT.I bought it on sale lol sorry.I r8 my own review 10 zombies out of 11 weapons.Not enough of the word ""zombies"""
,Recommended,239140,20956194,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Fusism,"Great game, possibly one of the best games I've played through the years.-Zombies-Parkour-Full story co-op mode (apart from final mission)-Online multiplayer-Lots of challenges, singleplayer and co-op-Be the Night Hunter"
,Recommended,239140,20957882,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,InFlamedOne,I love this game ! beautiful and pure fun of slaying zombies. And developers support is nothing short of amazing.go Poland !
76561197969707627,Recommended,239140,20954403,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,venomduckie,Great Game
76561198122758482,Recommended,239140,15932060,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,IS1X0NE,10/10 не убиваемых зомбей
,Recommended,239140,20965335,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gut Lord,"Dead Island with parkour and expanded multiplayer.  It also suffers from some of the same things like repetitive side-quests and weapons feeling relatively the same, but it was FAR more enjoyable than it's predecessor and it's about to get some DLC that expands the island a bit more.Buy on sale and you won't regret it as much."
76561198069365393,Recommended,239140,20958509,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Krogan,"A great game, and very good to see after techlands previous series, dead island. This game is very fun and even better with friends. The combat feels good, although some weapons such as scythes feel a bit too light, you feel the power of a sleghammer on a zombie skull, or the slicing power of a machete. The story is ok, but it is a bit rushed it seems, the game expects you to feel emotion for characters that you don't know that well. The GRE aspect was a fun part, with the main character Kyle Crane having to balance his ethics and his job. The parkour is well done, and I can tell you that when you are running from 12 volatiles in the pitch black night, you need this parkour system. All in all, it was a blast to play with my brother throught this, and I would say pick it up with the dlc, as this new expansion look promesing. But don't but Bozak horde, it sucks."
76561197970275645,Recommended,239140,20951548,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kurdes,"This game is awesome, I have nothing bad to say about it."
76561198008328211,Recommended,239140,22363513,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Radical Tissue Paper,Deep Silver has pushed it's potential from their previous title Dead Island. It has more flair in combat.Cons: No characters to choose from.
76561198044407758,Recommended,239140,22417346,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ӁƘạɫaᵴḫᾗῗƙṏⱴӁ,"Really great game, worth every penny. But the ending is ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is no other words to describe both ending than ''lazy and ♥♥♥♥ing worthless''"
76561197970321345,Recommended,239140,22751883,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ziff,"Rly good game(Rush b, plant bomb idjot)"
76561198012067242,Recommended,239140,22771694,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,tbonebot,fun game. a little short but the machanics are cool. good to just smash up some zombs now and then.
76561198254721507,Recommended,239140,22787408,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ezoe,"Great game.Combat is fun, 3D Platform is fun, and graphics is awesome.The only disappointment I have on this game is the bow.Bow in this game is too weak to use."
76561198035342078,Recommended,239140,22785107,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Wolfie359,"Lovely, wonderful game play. Weak uninteresting♥♥♥♥♥♥story. DLC that I have is 100% not my thing, weird arena thing."
,Recommended,239140,22785817,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,U Already Know,"This is my most favorite game in my steam library, excellent gameplay, stellar graphics, plenty of diverse missions, A+ on the expansion just get it. One the few steam games I go back to... never gets old to me."
,Recommended,239140,22751668,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Lexten,I died more from the fall damage than I did the zombies.10/10 Would fail at parcore again.
76561197992461825,Recommended,239140,22750468,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,startrek2233,"This is what the Dead Island games always hoped they could be. Amazing open world zombie mayhem. With parkour! If you've got a buddy inclined towards these sorts of games, get them onboard and play co-op; it's a blast. I've played many zombie games in my life, and I have to say that this one ranks among the best of them, especially when playing with a friend. There's nothing quite like nailing a zombie in the head with a bow and arrow after performing a parkour stunt off a buidling."
76561198082502827,Recommended,239140,22791871,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,zegoman,i cant get into the following
76561198009896603,Recommended,239140,22719311,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,cozzybear,it is cool
,Recommended,239140,22737720,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,StormZ~,Best zombie  survival game ever  9/10
76561198105002947,Recommended,239140,22804513,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,nOx Panda,"Scariest game that i yet have played, but yet so amazing. Enjoy the postapocalyptic in the world of Harran. Enjoy those zombies that are going against you at all will. Good Luck."
,Recommended,239140,22797368,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Oxyfuked™,I have played Dying Light for 71 hours as of 6am today. LOL. So here is my review.If you like exploring and fighting then you will lose yourself into the morning hours frequently.It really surprises me how fast time goes while playing this game. It has sucked me into its universe completely.Now I am only reveiwing this from a single player perspective. At 71 hours I should really be invinsible BUT that is notthe case. Just when you think things are going ok your dead and you get penalized for dieing. When I first realized this.I kind of got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at this design. Now I see its strategy. I think it subconciously makes you just keep playing  to make up for the loss.Some people might say that at 71 hours the game is so easy and your invinsible. I just disagree. There are so many things to do and they really are fun. There are some really funny encounters to be found if you just keep playing.I have never had a crash or any serious technical problem with the game. That is saying alot now a days.So I highly reccomend playing Dying Light for TOTAL immersion and Combat. I love the Combat. Some people will want to avoid the Combat but after playing Shadow of Mordor you really want  this Combat from a first person perspective.Great Game.
,Recommended,239140,20556743,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Terminator,"This game is basically Far Cry 4, Mirrors Edge, and Left 4 Dead combined. It does a wonderful job at bringing together all of these gameplay mechanics. Parkour is the main gameplay part. You can literally jump, scale, or climb ANYTHING to get away from zombies. The graphics aren't anything groundbreaking, but it does look quite nice. The story is somewhat clever so far (3.5 hours in at time of review). Overall I would give the game a solid 8/10.EDIT:It's becoming clear this game is a LOT like Far Cry 3/4 but with zombies instead of animals and more parkour.. Still a fairly solid game overall. Would knock my score down to a 7/10.."
,Recommended,239140,22798275,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Monkey,A fantastic free-roam zombie survival game. If you are on the fence about this game give it a shot if you find it on sale.
76561198282354667,Recommended,239140,22721829,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,✪ChiLLerD,nice game
76561198042076539,Recommended,239140,22704094,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ASTNreaperx,"I really enjoyed this game, it was an amazing story with a couple of twists and the parkour is like nothing I have experienced before, it just flows so well and feels so natural, Also the following is an amazing dlc I recommend like a whole other game P.S night is scary9.25/10 Would reccomend to anyone who like open world or fast past shooters"
,Recommended,239140,18489140,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Tesan,"Is it perfect? No. Is it 100% realistic? Ofc not!  Is it awesome? Hell... YES!It depends what you consider awesome... but I just love the detailed graphics... skilfull playstyles you can use to kill zombies and the variety of tools/weapons to do so. I can even go PRO ASIAN KICKBOXER and hit zombies so hard that they get a trauma and then get executed by me with a neckbreaker. (Requiers some POWER LV. and experience.)Oh btw... EPIC SLOWMO* ZOMBIE HEADBASHING! You can see they bones and flesh being ripped away in slow motion!The only things I dislike here are:Limited firearms and not so well made ballistics... could improve! There are only 2 types of rifles, 1 type of shotgun which isn't that awesome and only make a hell of a noise, 2 to 3 different pistols and 2 non-firearm bows... so no Sniper, no SMG and no Heavy Maschinegun.Survivors still care about... dollars? Ohh yeah... when zombies invade your turf and you have nothing left, money is what helps you...There are very few good weapon modifications and things to do once you finished the game... but atleast you can PvP as a survivor or an advanced zombie with special skills. Prepare to get rekted* by experienced players who know the best combos with Kyle and the Night Hunter.NPC escorting missions.Anyway, I would buy this game again if I had to!And now... there has been an update. I didn't have time to play it after this update yet."
,Recommended,239140,22654389,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KhaotikKiller,"There is no way to describe how much I enjoy this game.I love the zombie idea, the genre, the potential and the chaos involved.The realism and gritty brutality adds flavor. If anything, I wish there was more of it. More variety, and all over. That would be the only thing I find lacking. Just random fights. Like a Wild Wasteland perk from Fallout, but instead for Dying Light.Unless there's another zombie game like this on the way, I can see myself spending another 125 hours of my life destroying the faces of zombies and those who shoot at me with extreme prejudice. Those guys don't even realize how badly I'll maul their faces off.9.5/10 overall.Please make more."
,Recommended,239140,19874737,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RyssaräRinkompetenta,best game ever
76561198038357100,Recommended,239140,22654553,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JimboWilson91,Awesome game. Thumbs up
76561198135680016,Recommended,239140,22684871,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,call me daddy,Pros :(+)Open World(+)Crafting system(+)Great graphic(+)Awesome story(+)Great parkour system(+)Many variety zombies(+)Gore(+)Co op(+)Multiplayer(+)Many secret location(+)Many ways to kill zombies(+)Custom game modeCons:(-)you can finish the story within 3 days
,Recommended,239140,22732090,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MadNur,Great n fun...
76561198017126849,Recommended,239140,22730085,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,LaughingBuddha,Just finished this game (story) and it's the first game in a while that has gotten me fully immersed till the end.
76561197993436635,Recommended,239140,22208960,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Geminye,I have no idea why some are saying the climb mechanics are inconsistent.  I've been able to climb on 99% of the things that I thought that I should be able to climb on and when I need to climb on them.  This game is super fun.  Super fun.  And I'm a critical guy for what it's worth.  Objectively speaking?  Totally worth the money.  Completely.
,Recommended,239140,22751604,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,...,"Bom jogo, a historia poderia ser um pouco mais longa e explorar mais os personagens"
,Recommended,239140,22751671,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,PixelSus,Loved every second of it!
76561198160461732,Recommended,239140,22720462,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MacFoo,"Fantastic game, well done techland, the parkour is excellent. the buggy is great aswell, highly addictive"
76561198124261876,Recommended,239140,22733787,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,greenspleen17,gud game
,Recommended,239140,22772196,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,JumpSeater,"Absolutely love Dying Light. One of the most fun games I've played to date, and add to that the carnage you can wreck with a co-op partner. it doesn't get any better than this."
76561197968473720,Recommended,239140,22768433,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,pooder,"One of the best FPS game's I've played in a long time. This game has set the bar high for other FPS games for me now. I want to be able to climb, jump and hop over every obstacle possible. I feel like the melee combat is a lot of fun. The new DLC the Following is a great expansion to the game. Being able to drive a buggy around and run over zombies is just too much fun. This game keeps me coming back for more! Also having an option to have you buddies join for some Co-op can be fun too."
76561198046871681,Recommended,239140,22783600,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Daniel,"Hey, it's pretty good"
,Recommended,239140,22772170,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TrickyDicky,When it comes to video games I am not  the biggest fan of zombie games. Dying Light is one of those rare zombie games that I enjoyed.This game reminds me of a  mix between I am Legend and Far Cry. The main story of this game was a bit short but I enjoyed every second of it!Pro's* Huge Map* Great Graphics* Good Story* Great combat system* Great Varieties of Zombie's* The crafting system* The player points /rewards system* The Setting of the game* The Save system is great.* The game soundtrack is excellent!Con'sNone to Report!10/10 you must get this game!
,Recommended,239140,22755705,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,splerge,Volatiles.
,Recommended,239140,22755885,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Belmont ™,I was dropped into a zombie war zone.Then I became the zombie war zone.(need stronger computer to play this- totally coming back to it!)
76561198151684075,Recommended,239140,18367959,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,REIKO,ok if playing Co-Op
76561198100948945,Recommended,239140,18393042,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,CvssdC,"One of the best (If not THE best) Zombie games EVER! Lots to do, and a great story line!"
,Recommended,239140,15060240,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TheDewhacker,"Just finished the game and ive got mixed feelings. Not becouse i hated the game, but becouse i absoloutley loved it. If you want a game that you can play for 600< hours, go get cs, or dota or something. But if you want a game that you will look back on after and think ""thats the best game ive EVER played"" - then get this.Do i recommend it? Hell yes."
76561198074374457,Recommended,239140,18373584,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,CandymanSheak,Great Game if you love parkour and zombies endless gameplay and tons to do highly recomend for thrill seekers
76561198055507764,Recommended,239140,18373716,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HOOP JONES!!!,it looks and feels so guuuuuud
76561198048035345,Recommended,239140,14255199,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Inkspot,Has some performance issues but still pretty nice.if you have a beastly pc go buy it!
,Recommended,239140,18360502,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kill me,This is f..king awesome.-Macklemore 2012
76561198001459148,Recommended,239140,18357334,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Topius,"Dying light is in my opinion a fantastic free running and zombie slaughtering game, and on these two accounts it truly excels. Get together with some friends and start bashing heads as you rule the day pretty much unopposed. However at night the game sifts into something quite different, something much more stealth, survival and horror oriented.For what it is, it's a pretty nice game, one that I've had a lot of fun with. However! There are flaws: The games story, characters, lip syncing and the overall writing, none of these things are even close to good. You will find yourself just not caring about the good people of Harran as you run from meaningless quest to meaningless quest. Also, the main villain is a cardboard cut out villain with zero depth to his character.As it stands I would give this game a 7/10, however if they were to fix the writing, story and characters I would bump it up to a 8/10.Lastly the multiplayer is quite the ghost town, at least when it comes to: Be the Zombie, mode. The: Be the Zombie, mode also needs some balancing and fine tuning as a full game of 4 humans vs 1 night hunter (all of equal skill) is terribly tilted in the humans favor.Cheerio! Buy it if it's on sale, otherwise just wait."
76561197981185633,Recommended,239140,18333752,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SawedOffSpudCannon,One of the best games I have played in a really long time. Dead Rising 3 wasn't as good as the second and the Dead Island became stale towards the end. This game was Epic all the way through. I beat it once buy myself and once with a buddy in co-op. Highly recommend this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,18333950,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,BishopMinty,"I have to say, this is a nice game, but it could've been a bit better. To start, The free-running isn't half bad by any means, as long as you know what you're doing, however the combat feels a little clunky to me. Mainly because it has the whole ""IF YOU CAN'T AIM THIS MELEE WEAPON AT THE ZOMBIE'S FACE, YOU MISS"" even if it's just a tad to the right. However when you get the perk where you can thrown your primary melee AT the zombie, that's all you'll be doing, because it almost reliably kills in one hit. The story feels a bit too rushed for me, but it does a good job of making you feel that sense of eurgency. And lastly, my biggest beef with the game is the weapon degreadation system, mainly because when a game implements this, the ONLY thing you'll be doing is repairing your BRAND NEW weapon after the first hit beacuse it just broke. But after all the criticizing, I'd still recommend this game for the fact that, as flawed as it is, it's still WORLDS better than many of the other zombie-survival game out there."
,Recommended,239140,19666165,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CMDR: Malax Zandr-Solomon,"I've revised this review as I gave up playing it on Linux where it kept crashing and created a dual boot system. Running it under windows solved all the stability problems. I hope the Linux issues get fixed.Having played Dead Island and quite enjoyed that, although I still haven’t finished it. I have been hankering for this game since it was released at the beginning of last year. I waited until the Steam winter sale before taking the plunge. I wasn’t disappointed. I had to throttle the graphics back and also migrate from a pure Linux system to a duel boot with Windows 10 as under  Linux the game kept crashing causing me to waste hours completing simple tasks. but I run it at 720p and get about 30 fps on my Nvidia GT 650M powered laptop.The game Dying Light is a Zombie game set in a town called Harran that I assume is located somewhere in the middle east. You play a character called Kyle Crane who is an under cover agent from an organisation called the GRE or Global Relief Effort. You task is to track down a politician who has become a warlord and retrieve a file from him. The game starts off with you being dropped in and the events that lead to you ending up in the Tower with other survivors of a Zombie outbreak. You are given tasks to carry out and you gradually earn the trust of the people in the tower.The game has the main story but there are plenty of side quests to keep you busy. According to the steam achievements there are 44 of them.The game has a lot in common with the Dead Island series in the way you raid freshly killed zombies for loot. This could be valuables such as cigarettes or coffee that can be traded for cash at a trader. These traders will sell you items to allow you craft enhancements to your weapons if you haven’t found a particular component by scavenging from corpses. However they do charge a lot. They will also sell you weapons as vastly inflated prices but sometimes you have to go with it. Traders are scattered around the map in safe zones and certain buildings. Traders too come from Dead Island. An interesting approach to getting better items is lock-picking. There are boxes on roofs or in buildings or even the doors to vans that can be picked ranging from easy to very hard. The increasing levels of difficulty require finer control with the mouse to be able to pick the lock. Police vans are the hardest to pick but they sometimes contain guns or ammo.There is a skill system in the game where completing actions within the game gain you points for different categories: Completing Quests gain you survivor points, Climbing and Jumping etc give you agility points and fighting give you power points. When there set to a certain level they give you 1 point to be spent on a skill in the category you leveled up in. These will give you extra abilities. I was happy to get the ability to kill a zombie by stamping on it’s head. That I used to enjoy in Dead Island and I missed this in Dying Light until I leveled up enough. Other skills I’ve got are using a two handed weapon to thump the ground toppling enemies. And one which is useful when you gain the camouflage skill is to silently take your enemy down from behind by twisting their neck.The game uses a lot of parkour and there are ramps etc to help you jump up onto roofs, you can scale buildings by leaping up etc. It is done very well, I’m not very good as  I often mis-time my attempts which has seem me fall down several transmission towers. When you die during the daytime you lose survivor points. Sometimes I’ve lost over ten thousand points trying to climb up a transmission tower to collect a collectible. There are collectible items all over the place there are Flags, notes,statues and blueprints to collect. I’m currently at 14 out of 67 of the writing and I’ currently 38% through the story so I’ve got a lot more to collect.Dying Light then takes a change at night. In the daytime there are various zombies and newly infected zombies called virals who still have human traits and are quick. Plus there are other zombies that spit nasty looking puke like material at you that really damages your health. But at night those are still there but Volatiles come out. These walk around looking out for you once you are caught in their stare the chase is on and you get an insight as to how a fox feels as it is chased by hounds. as one volatile ends up with another joining it and the longer the chase the more join in the hunt. I’ve only got as far as four chasing me but that was bad enough. Fortunately UV light blinds them one of the objects you can obtain is a UV torch and there are flares that emit UV light that temporarily create a safe zone. If one gets you it is pretty hard to fight it off but it can be done.Overall the game is engrossing with enough challenges to keep you entertained for a while.I'm looking forward to the expansion that is coming out soon as that looks like it will take the game in a new direction. Thoroughly recommended"
76561198198952731,Recommended,239140,20840288,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Commander-M-28,"It is not a very new concept (zombies) but the crafting, searching for supplies and especially the parkour make this one of my favorite zombie games of all time. If you light the dead island series, you will definetly like Dying Light. They also release new weapons with each up date for free, so if you dont have it yet and dont know which game to buy definetly buy this one."
76561198234198460,Recommended,239140,20792705,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,jakehopkins14,"played this game and had to go back to school. some random kid started walking toward me, I instictively dropkicked him into a wall and broke his neck. I'm writing this from my phone in the office, they're trying to decide whether to arrest me or not. overall, 10/10. would dropkick a kid again."
,Recommended,239140,20788163,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,darkness,really worth the money! great game
76561198273224579,Recommended,239140,20792222,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,C_Bernard,"I really liked the game. I think that it has a very engaging story and gameplay. It doesn't feel like your regular zombie game, and the side missions don't feel like filler.It's a great game!"
,Recommended,239140,20770103,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Jacky O'Mally,"A brief exit from the norm. Not too far off not to be a first person zombie game, but with just enough new in it to keep you locked to playing it until the game has laid its entire story out for you.Dying Light was a pleasant surprise to me that came across as one of the few ""Promise"" games that delivered on many of it's statements. Yes, you are mostly a running man with naught but a pipe and brawn to beat your way through the zombie hoards. The game has a arbitrarily ranked RPG system that determines how this one sharp object is somehow twice as deadly as this other sharp object, but overall it doesn't take away from the feeling one gets from slowly working one's way from the literal bottom up of the zombie apocolypse.Parkour is solid, while not being invasive to one's personal tread into the world. If you've had problems with parkour game's being to ""clingy"" or ""sticky"", this one is just the right amount of freedom of movement combined with ""Your character grabs the ledge because death sucks"" mechanics. It makes sense much of the time.The story is mildly forgettable, especially if compared to any of the high and mighty titans of Zombie Apocolypse story-telling. (ex. Walking Dead, Last of Us, etc, etc) It tries to surprise us by beginning you in the game with a SECRET AGENT SHOOSH SHOOSH story, but doesn't really care about it enough to flesh it out beyond basic ""Do as you're told"" pitter patter on a walkie talkie. The characters are fairly human enough, but their deaths (Oh sorry if that's a spoiler, there will be people who say words to you and perhaps die shortly after) leave little to my tear ducts and seem more foreign to me. Improvements could be made, but they're not terrible so I consider that a positive as some of these zombie games can OVERDO it and make things awkward and cliche.To shorten this: If you need your zombie fix and have done most the super big titles, this is your next best bet. (Although the DLC was pretty weak. PRETTY weak.)"
76561198152318571,Recommended,239140,20868278,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Da_man,If you like zombie survival with good story this is a game for you
76561198265238817,Recommended,239140,20865087,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Benjamin Pew Pew,YYEESSSSS. awsomeness. would run away again.
,Recommended,239140,21075021,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Elohim,"Pro's+Co-op+Leveling is well paced+Zombies are called BITERS instead of zombies+WB game that didn't suck+Play with friends cooperatively+Spooked me once or twice+Buddies can play with you in some sort of co-opCon's-Name's Craaaaaaaane-Hey Krrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrane-The Following-Commander Jeff-The DLC-Spooked me once or twice.Are you tired of only using your spacebar to write your half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥college papers in Google Docs?Do you have a violent animosity building up inside of you from going to the public park and practicing parkour every day, only to be laughed at by 8 year olds?Do you ♥♥♥♥ing hate yourself and your F key?Do you ever find yourself thinking ""My hand just doesn't cramp enough""?This game provides solutions to all these common problems and more!Dying Light is a first person spacebar mashing simulator where you run, jump, and fight, while ruthlessly pounding away at everyone's least favorite abomination of a worthless key, the spacebar.Building? Spacebar. BITER? Spacebar. Pretty much every obstacle (all two) thrown at you can be overcome with this tool.If you're not convinced yet, just wait until you've spent a bit of time actually gitting gud. Once you have your weapons and upgrades on lock, get ready to run into a horde of BITERS and be grabbed by one, prompting a small ""cutscene"" where you shake them off, and are grabbed by the next BITER.I know what you're thinking. A small unavoidable scene where I'm being manhandled by a BITER? This belongs in the cons. Well hold it right there Tonto you savage piece of human filth. This is one of the msot time consuming things in the game because of how -fun- the escape is! Press your F key like you were Charlie Sheen and pray your mom doesn't wake up from the sound of your finger bone crashing violently down on the key and rattling your computer desk and collection of bobbleheads.STILL NOT CONVINCED STICKLER? Guess what, left clicking is back and bigger than ever. Left click to attack, left click with a smaller weapon to attack faster, left click to shoot, hold left click to STRONG attack. Literally no other action is mapped to elft clicking, thus freeing up your right hand to focus on left clicking. As your left hand plays solo twister and contorts like a cheesy budget exorcism film, your right hand is doing GOD'S work and absolutely ruining the western hemisphere of the most expensive mouse you've ever bought because your wired mouse looked ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ next to your gaming PC.This is what dreams are made of people. If you don't buy this game, they won't give you The Following any way, so you might as well get it.FINAL ♥♥♥♥ING VERDIIIIIIIIIIIICT2/10 BITERS approve of this game."
76561198032077153,Recommended,239140,21113231,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,omega18,This is how you make a GOOD zombie game!
,Recommended,239140,21110055,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,✪BobbyGamingsTV✪,The Game is AWESOME~!!.. you should try.. for those who like to explore should play this game.. and the following.. nice ending (don't want to be a spoiler)... i give 5 stars.. now i understand why there's is a choose achivement..
,Recommended,239140,21110992,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,~~ TimJohniLL ~~ T.J.,"IDK how when I bought the xmas sale or w/e version of DL, i also got ALL the DLC and continue to get the new DLC's.... I havent even played this game more than 20 minutes, but I am about to start and am looking for people to play through campaign with that want to start out together.Shoot me a message if you are down.But the demo of the game I played ran really well on my system 4770k oc'd to 4.5~  and r9 290 dcu-2 asus oc'd by about 20% over stock   16 gb ram @2200 9-11-10-28   n 850 evo SSDs"
76561198072957725,Recommended,239140,21100262,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BaconShitz Pink,uh i have it but its not showing i have the fallowing enhanced edition?
,Recommended,239140,21507535,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nemecks. Timelord.,"Probably the best zombie game I've ever played, next to Left 4 Dead. Outstanding gameplay, phenominal voice acting, and a generally enjoyable story. The only negatives are a few moments requiring repetition, the ending of the base game (pretty awful), and some times that are frustratingly difficult. But honestly, that's nitpicky. Game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,239140,21528161,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Emma Bear Gnomes,If only Overkill could be like these devs.
,Recommended,239140,21532053,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Chaos6505*Qc,"Best zombi game ever, must be more RPG style with side quest then the poor story line they made. Graphics are amazing."
76561198093778420,Not Recommended,239140,20253571,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,beratb,Disgusting and hard to play. Don't buy it.
,Recommended,239140,21530908,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,sherman.root,Do not go out at night...never. Thats when the nightmares come out.
,Recommended,239140,15157801,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Quarter,"First Impressions:- This is the best feeling melee I've experienced.- The jump button is not the X button (using a PS3 controller).- Worth every penny, I really hope I can sparta kick even more zombies.- Looks amazing.- The gibbing is amazing.  I chuckle at every exploded head.And even now, this holds true.  Playing through this game is refreshing, and it runs incredibly well (take that Just Cause 3/Avalanche Studios).And thanks to how surprisingly easy it is to mod, this game becomes the perfect ""ragdoll:  the ragdollening"""
76561198097185668,Recommended,239140,21576397,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,NotQuiteDead,The end of the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198127446831,Recommended,239140,21633799,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ghost In A Jar,10/10 would sell my soul for DLC
,Recommended,239140,21659601,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rayden,One of the best zombie games out there. A must have.
,Recommended,239140,21646705,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Spêcтяê,its a good game if u have a computer that can run it with out lag other then that it should be fun
76561198089861738,Recommended,239140,24032524,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Young Toucan,Buy it.
76561197970318470,Recommended,239140,24007098,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dranzerk,"Balls to the wall awesome game.The only quirk i have with it is Console UI/controls made from scratch, PC was afterthought.After you get used to controls it works good on keyboard/mouse though."
76561198039121999,Recommended,239140,23955948,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BLACKcOPstRIPPa,"I have owned this game for months on Xbox one, I have 100 hours played on there and have started a new game on steams version on the hardest difficulty with friends, game is incredible.Way better then any zombie game like dead island and the like that I have played, night cycles the addition of the buggies, weapon dockets etc, the devs made a gem here, a perfect diamond that I must say, is worth the purchase. So buy this game guys:)"
76561198119163413,Recommended,239140,23946458,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hey B0ss PLs,Can I get a wall?
76561198183372370,Recommended,239140,24018835,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Belcusas the Thunderclap,Pretty good game.
76561198031262604,Recommended,239140,23958629,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Bored Chairman,"Ok, so having replayed this game without using a controller and forcing myself to adopt good posture, I have reconsidered my previous opinion on the game's controls. They are good. Controllers just suck (inb4 PC master race). So, having tried both methods of playing the game, do not, for the love of your sanity, use a controller, it is far too imprecise for this game.So, this is by far the best zombie game I've ever played, it's Dead Island done right with some great Parkour. The Story is a little bland (substitute GRE for Umbrella Corporation from Resident Evil or Phenotrans from Dead Rising and you get the idea) but WHO CARES! This game is loads of fun, long, addictive and even more fun with friends. It's got my vote for Zombie game to date and if you don't pick it up while it's on sale, you're doing yourself a disservice."
,Recommended,239140,23978704,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BloodDragon,Dying Light + AddOn The Following is one of the best zombie shooter out there. First Person parcour running is the best thing ever seen in this genre.
76561197998447271,Recommended,239140,23969442,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Coastermonger,"A zombie game that doesn't Suck.Dying light manages to give you a big enough world to romp around in, play around in, and an escalating difficulty level that keeps you on your toes as the game progresses.  No weapon really lasts forever.  Every swing and hit stresses your tools to the breaking point and eventually they can't be repaired anymore.  Not many games do this, but it is OK because you'll constantly be finding new weapons to use and upgrade.  There are several varied and satisfying skill trees.Ammo is limited and scarce.  When you eventually do unlock ranged weapons you'll be gauging whether every shot is worth it.  Bows rock, but they are not overpowered.  Guns are highly effective but they make noise and attract the more dangerous zombies.  There are plenty of secondary tool options to help you survive that go beyond just point and click shooting.  The game rewards players who can kill efficiently, not just quickly.The game does NOT stop time when you open your crafting, level up, or inventory menus.  Nor does it pause the action when you need to pick a lock or heal yourself.  Oh and speaking of healing, your life doesn't regenerate back to 100% automatically, you need to consume scarce (but effectively infinite) health packs.  On higher difficulty levels the game can be pretty challenging, and on any difficulty level night can be daunting.So all in all, this is exactly what I'm looking for in a good game.  It's hard, but it still makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥when you play it effectively."
,Recommended,239140,23974034,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Herds420,Hella good game!!
76561198171583075,Recommended,239140,23842413,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nicolas,I will go with random facts about this game. You decide whether they are pros or cons.Killing zombies is really fun in this game.There are little climbing bugs.Nights are really horrible and full of adrenaline.There are a lot of side quests but it eventually ends.There is not so much replay potential when you finidh the main quest line.
,Recommended,239140,23917283,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jazzy Gym,"Amazing game. Beautiful, runs perfectly with no problems. Great story, plenty of content to mess around with, and fun leveling + crafting system."
76561198157243522,Recommended,239140,23962994,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rygar,Best zombie game ever 10 out 10
76561197974212785,Recommended,239140,23804302,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,amcutem,"If your not a big fan Zombie games like I was, too bad for you and come join me in my regrets of not buying this game sooner.You scare easy, I'll send you 5 bucks if you video your self playing this game with the lights off and post it on YouTube.If you bough this game and  your wondering what the hell is that creepy looking zombie flying around like spiderman and keeps killing you like 10 times in row, and It doesn't act like all the other zombies, thats a Human Night Hunter so RIP, unless you get you flashlight(UV) asap."
,Recommended,239140,23923182,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,OhThatOneGuy,"I've only scratched the surface of the content in this game, I can't wait to try out co-op. Must buy for parkour/zombie fans."
,Recommended,239140,23949584,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hunt++,"Such a unique, detailed, and smooth game. 10/10"
,Recommended,239140,23947837,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TruestoneSB,"Satisfying gameplay , you have fun slaughtering zombies with machetes and other awesome customizable weapons , decent story for a zombie game. Good game overrall"
,Recommended,239140,20726960,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ktakatheo,"Gameplay is good. Replay for Full Game: Low, but there's a few outfits to get and the votatiles (hardest night enemies) get harder. Plus with the DLCs coming, supposedly it's worth it. Replay for Fun: HIGH - just jump in with a random game or friends and kill some time and zombies. Downside: story is not great, but good enough to keep me wanting to finish it."
,Recommended,239140,20758968,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,△9-REX-9△,"endless zombies to have fun with, upgrade weapons you can find more ways to kill these creatures. endless fun"
76561198093925313,Recommended,239140,20758384,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FantasticAwesome,"The hack and slash RPG that scratched the itch Fallout 4 was scratching but didn't quite relieve.  If you were interested in playing Left 4 Dead or Dead Island, but didn't play them, this has everything you would want those games to have.  Also, if you liked what AC Unity did (or tried doing) with seemless co-operative play, (I think MGSV does this too but I'm still just starting on that), this game has that too.  Not to mention its the best looking game I have on this PC (AC Syndicate and RTW2 probably have more potential but I need more Ram).  Even with some of the graphics features turned off, it looks amazing.  I haven't tried it on my SteamLink, but more often than not it lags too much (even with 8 Gigs of Ram).  I like it a lot with keyboard and mouse (Fallout I dont like keyboard and mouse, but the Steam Controller works very well for me even with the trackpad aiming.)  I would highly recommend this game, and I think the game deserves a spot on my GOTY list without a doubt.  Great Job!"
76561198100016363,Recommended,239140,20758634,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ConoMan,I really love this game! I think that this game might be the best game I have ever played. I'm being for real here.
,Recommended,239140,30684437,Posted: 23 March,all,Sunscreen_Your_Trees,"I enjoyed playing this game up until the end of the first part. Hopefully, The Following doesn't have such a lackluster finale."
,Recommended,239140,20755098,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,OAZA SPOKOJU,"Dying Light is really addictive game. I want more and more. Fun combat, cool history, lots of stuff to do. Great dialogs. I recommend 100%."
76561198064212485,Recommended,239140,20757872,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,OnlyWhiteman08,"Lots of fun. Love to slop that gory mess all over the place and curb some fools! Oh yea and listen to dat song in the first vid ""let the games begin"" sh**s raw. While your at it check out my gamer pic. That fedora turn you on? Yea it does."
76561198082359933,Recommended,239140,20756023,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,fish nigga,Best zombie game in the world and im hyped for the new dlc.
76561198123837256,Recommended,239140,20756586,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mikouze,"Amazing game !Good demo, native Linux port, what else ..."
76561198059780416,Recommended,239140,20780811,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,thestiny,amazing game :)
76561198066105937,Recommended,239140,20776753,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Thraxid,Great Game
,Recommended,239140,20765153,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SadisTech,"You haven't lived until, within the space of 30 seconds, you've grappled up to a rooftop, decapitated five bad guys, stolen their air drop, grappled to another rooftop and jumped off the edge so that you vertical spear tackle a zombie with your medieval longsword that is on fire and electrified at the same time, and then that zombie blows up which summons a horde of fast zombies that you slice into burning gibs that are also arcing electricity into other zombies, and then your watch alarm goes off because it's getting darkPros:  see above play this gameCons:  idk, it can take a beefy graphics card to run I guess, play this game"
76561198054339009,Recommended,239140,20768796,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Aksel,The parkour really makes this game stand out from other zombiegames. Overall great game.
76561198269098222,Recommended,239140,21006941,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Toko,Awesome game. The plot kind of sucks but the gamplay is awesome.
76561198131353099,Recommended,239140,21007702,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,daludwig92,"One of the few games that when I reached the end, I still wanted more. with 62 hours on 1 game (before the dlc) that isn't bad had a ton of fun with this game 9/10"
76561198272689820,Recommended,239140,20997493,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Piimpanzee,It's an awesome game but the controls are kinda hard. I really love the realistic graphics too. AWESOME game!
76561198069734969,Recommended,239140,21037012,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dynal,"pros:-combat is extremely fun-great parkour-open world-great skill trees which give you useful and fun abilities like vaulting over zombies to get over a crowd of them,  camoflauge, being able to run farther without running out of energy, etc.-huge amount of melee weapons-melee weapons can be upgraded to be really powerfull-melee weapons durability and have limited repairs, which encourage you to use other means of damage like kicking zombies into spikes, grappling them off of buildings etc.-no fast travel, which encourages you to parkour everywhere-the zombie types are good-at night time the game changes drastically, zombies start get much more powerful and the game turns into a stealth-horror-volotiles come out at night, and they bring into the game a new mechanic, pursuits. imagine GTAV style pursuits, but the police are zombies that run faster than you and can take you down in 2 hits, even when you beat the game you still have your heart beat out of your chest when you're in a pursuit-I just need to add another tally for the pro section because the volotiles are scary af and I just need to make sure you know that, this is a picture of a volotilehttp://platform-online.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/2556152-volatile-background-art.jpgJUST LOOK AT THAT ♥♥♥♥ER HE'S GOT RIBS THAT STICK OUT AND MOVE LIKE THEY'RE ARMS-I've heard the game is 10x better with friends, I didn't play with other people but I still loved this game-side quests are really good, they remind me of borderlands 2 sidequests for some reason-custom maps-theres a grappling hook BUY THIS GAME ALREADY-YOU CAN ALSO DROPKICK WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS JUST BUY ITcons:-story is predictable-only 4 guns, double barreled shotgun, automatic rifle, semi-automatic rifle, and pistol-after you finish the game there isn't much to do-""be the zombie"" mode is unbalanced, one person plays the hunter, a super agile zombie with multible abilities like spits, tackling, pouncing etc. and 1-4 people play the humans. But the humans are super op, even when 1v1 the hunter still is at a disadvantage, and 1v4 theres no way for the hunter to win. the humans UV flashlight bisically makes the hunter just a bit more powerful than a normal zombie.in conclusion this game is amazing, would recommend to anyone except people with major heart problems because when you're in pursuit at night it really gets your heart going, I also bought it on sale for 20$ thx gabeN you the MVP."
,Recommended,239140,21006423,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,kloxxy,"a briliant yet frustraiting game.the game holds your hand for a while before giving you a stick and throwing you into a pit full of zombies.like most zombie games it has the usual zombie types big throwy zombie aka lennie from mice and men.spitty mc acid zombie, the dumb♥♥♥♥♥zombie and some more.the parkour system is fun and enjoyable with a good feel to it.the fighting with zombies is fun and enjoyable with the best move being the repeated dropkicking.i would recomend this game espicialy with the following update coming out soon. the studio certainly knows how to please there audiance.   8 out of 10"
,Recommended,239140,21018794,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FLaSh___,Do you like Parkour?Do you like parkour with zombies?Do you like smashing zombies heads into tomato puree?Do you like crafting weapons?Do you like Dark humor?Play Dying LightNever gone out at night. 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥ur pants while running for your life simulator
76561198020796881,Recommended,239140,21019115,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,B4ck51ght,"I found this game to be of good value. I've been through several times now. The game also does offer some potential in the way of spending time ""just stuffing about"". As well as a pretty good number of side missions, there is also some dlc. The dlc was mostly not as excellent as the original game, but still not bad. More interesting has been the addition of various extra difficulty levels and challenges. I have not played the game as the NightHunter (human controlled ""bad guy""), so, I could not comment on the experience, but it seems like a good idea and some people have gotten really good at it!!!Original Game                               8/10  (9.5/10 in multiplayer)DLC                                                6/10Bozak DLC                                     7/10Servicing of Game by Creators     9/10Looking forward to DLC; The Following and further game enhancements."
76561197990232450,Recommended,239140,20358685,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Aune Sand,"Very entertaining game, but after 30hr or so the game becomes too easy."
,Not Recommended,239140,20595800,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,brianary,"To much work to be fun. Impossible to make progress without the developer machete. Dying erodes XP. No way to adjust difficulty. Weapons must be constructed from rare parts, require constant maintenance, and cause very little damage. Melee fights with individual zombies are laborious chores that take forever. Headshots don't seem to matter. Boss-sized but common big zombies swinging huge rebar & cement weapons still hit you even when you are behind them, or well out of range, or right through door frames. Maybe weapons get better, I'll probably never know. Ranged weapons are too rare to be of any use. Escort missions can fail with no real warning or recourse. Easy to wander into absurdly hard challenge rooms that eat still more XP. The game petulantly demands you take part in multiplayer, presumably so you can lose XP still faster. Lock picking cannot be done with the Steam Controller. It's too bad, this game has some real potential, but it's unplayably difficult as it is."
74827562847478474,Recommended,239140,20671351,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TheGuyFromTheFBI,"9/10Not only does this game provide AMAZING(yes I say it in caps) melee mechanics, it has awesome parkour!, You can climb anywhere, run anywhere, and get anywhere faster with parkour!, endless leveling up system, with a butt load of un-remarkable skills. Even though the campaign only took me 18 hours, I do feel it was a little to quick to the ending. Along with the awesome campaign that can be played with your friends, there is another online 1v1 game where you can hunt or be hunted, it only occurs at night and can be adjusted in the settings called "" Online "", I do highly recommend this game to all who buy it, and who wants a awesome parkour zombie killing game. The only reason I give this game a 9/10 is the fact that I thought the 'middle to ending' part escalted quickly and should of had more missions in between. Well thats just me, but im sure every other review has a convinceing reason why you should or shoud not buy this game, but remember, it's always your choice!PS: along with melee, time slows down if you hit the head juusssttt right :PThank you for reading and I hoped you enjoyed this review. :)And remember!!!, ""If mama aint happy, aint nobody happy."" :D"
,Recommended,239140,20691182,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ZAM_SJ5,best zombie game ever 10/10
76561198007546881,Recommended,239140,20701276,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Nostra,"Amazing. If you like zombie apocalypse settings, this is a must have. Heart stopping chases, dizzying high climbs. Had a blast while doing the dampaign!"
76561198106042392,Recommended,239140,20702099,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,xThe Beautiful manx,10/10
76561198138404050,Recommended,239140,14208172,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kingsize,Долго ждал и не пожалел столько делать Этот шедевр оправдал себя...Для такой игры млжно и до 1000руб поднять)
,Recommended,239140,18217425,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,hi im normal.,This game is one of the most amazing games i've ever played would rat 10/10
,Recommended,239140,18215757,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Zanriel,"If you can look past the console influence (like the UI, menus, it's so awful) and the derivative, contrived leveling/unlock/progression/crafting/objective type system, this is actually a pretty good game. It's better than I expected really. I overlooked this one when it first came out, read a few reviews and watched a few videos and thought it was probably not worth getting. I mean c'mon, it's zombies, another zombie game?I finally broke down and got it on sale and you know what, it's actually pretty good. The leveling/unlocking/progression/crafting/objective system is a blast really. You have three different skill trees you level up in depending on how you play and what you do: Survivor is mostly centered around loot, crafting, shops, and environmental awareness type abilities. Agility is centered around running, jumping, climbing, and dodging, with a few awesome acrobatic moves you can pull off during combat. My favorite is the flying Kirk kick, it never gets old! And then Strength, which influences your use of weapons, unlocking powerful swings and special moves using different types of weapons.The crafting is fun too, letting you combine different types of items to upgrade weapons. Weapon durability is still an issue, like in Dead Island, and you can only repair a weapon so many times before it's broken forever. Depending on the base quality of a weapon, you can usually repair it 2-5 times before it's unusable. But you can unlock different perks that make weapons last longer or adding a chance that repairs won't consume one of the weapon's repair slots. You can also get upgrades that make a weapon more durable or add even more repair slots. There are other fun items too like grenades, molotov cocktails, ninja stars, throwing knives, flares, UV lights, etc. You can also craft boosts, basically buff potions.Co-op is fun, if you can look past the concept that everyone playing is playing the same character. Cut scenes are done first person and your camera is locked, so you can't see your co-op partners. There's also no clipping for other players so you don't have to worry about people taking up doorways or standing on ledges or walls you need to get to.The climbing/parkour mechanics are intuitive and fun. It works a lot like Assassin's Creed or the Batman games, except it's all first person. It gets a little dizzying sometimes, the camera bobs a lot and you will only grab ledges you're aiming at. There's a FOV slider which helps, but I still wish this game had a 3rd person option. It's down to taste really but personally I prefer 3rd person. There's a little character customization in the different outfits you can choose but they only show up for other players, or sometimes if you look down you can see your arms or feet.The story is a little meh, but that goes for almost any open world game. The mechanics and gameplay more than make up for it. The game reminds me a lot of Far Cry 3, and as mentioned before Batman and Asassin's Creed, but it's unique enough you're not going to be rolling your eyes about playing yet another re-skinned AAA game. The quests and side missions are interesting and varied, although sometimes you'll notice a few patterns, just like any other game. As you progress you start seeing more and different types of enemies. The standard zombies eventually cease to become much of a challenge but now you're seeing more ferals, spitters, ones that explode, and things like that.It's really disgusting. That's probably my biggest complaint, it's SO gross. I don't like the zombie genre because I'm grossed out easily, and this game wallows in it. Guts, gibs, blood, severed torsos and limbs, flies, vomit, exposed organs, it's all there in full HD with squelchy sound effects. At least your character never throws up or complains about the smell but you know if it was real life a normal person would barely be able to function. If you've ever had to move or bury a dead dog that's been decomposing for a while you know it's a huge undertaking just getting past the smell.People complaining about performance issues, yes, it does take some tweaking to get it to run well on most systems. I didn't have any problems but I keep the view distance at about 1/5 and I have fairly conservative settings on almost everything except texture quality and a few other settings I consider essential. On an i7-3770k and Geforce 980, I get 100-130 FPS, with occassional dips down to the 70-80 range, and it looks really nice.There are a few weird glitches with the sound, sometimes it cuts out during cutscenes, but I guess that's why they call them cutscenes? It's probably a multiplayer thing, I've mostly played co-op so far. Maybe it's lag. It never has issues out in the world running around though. The music is very understated and subtle, mostly providing ambiance. It's just droning mood music really, no strong themes or melodies.tl;drThis game's a blast and if you like action games with fun combat, movement, and a sense of progression (becoming more powerful) you need to get this game. Also, it's the only other game I've ever played that lets you kick enemies off ledges or into spikes like Dark Messiah: Might and Magic. (If only it had the destructable environments.)"
,Recommended,239140,18214740,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,BottleSenpai,"scary zombies, i feel like spider man with my grapple, game is good."
76561198214240232,Recommended,239140,18246710,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"If your a fan of the Dead Island series then I highly reccomed purchasing this game. honestly it is very similar to both Dead Islands so think of it as Dead Island 3 in a sense. howevere one thing that does seperate this game from the Dead Island series is the parkour element and quite honestly they nailed it. The parkour feels smooth and realistic which is one thing that makes this game excel. The storyline is also much better with more intersting and a larger variety of quests. Another thing I love about this game is the day and night feature which they added. When you get the call from the tower to wrap it up for the day do you give in and  get to the nearest safe zone to sleep or do you brave the darkness and the creatures that come with it. Combat in this game is average and very similar to Dead Island. The co-op is good and easy to join games, plus the antagonist (Crane) is a total boss. So on a whole I highly reccomend buying this game, its worth the money and will easily give you over 24 hours playing time."
76561198112600914,Recommended,239140,18246934,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,⛲άΏɖⲨ⛅,"...there are the many things that other people have covered that make this game so amazing. I would just like to add the game world looks & feels absolutely terrifc. And more than that, the dynamic visual 'effects' that match whatever you physically do in the game really puts you right there in the moment...it just all melds into a very well crafted personal experience. Probably the best game I ever played that made you feel you are really there... :-) I only play SP & it gets a 10 out of 10 from me...stunning game all around... :-)"
,Recommended,239140,18168879,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,chris,Get it
,Recommended,239140,18169446,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kye,its ok
,Recommended,239140,18215040,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,R4ndomN4me,"A great game all around, large open world, lots of zombies and gore, parkour all things I enjoy in a game. HOWEVER there is one thing that annoyed me so much that I almost alt-F4ed the game, quick time event final boss fight. There had not been a single quick time event fight in any of the other 2 boss fights, but then the developers thought that at the most important moment of the story I wouldnt want to beat the final boss bloody myself and threw in like 6 button clicks the entire fight. However despite that 10/10."
,Recommended,239140,18215210,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Phinnius Maximus,Dying Light is a very fun game. It is a mix of Far Cry and Half Life with zombies. I was a little put off becuase I went into this game thinking it would be more scary or horror based.What I like:- You litterally jump right into to story and its pretty good- Sound effects and music go very well with the action of the game- Crafting system is not overly complicated and you do not suffer the paradox of choice- The controls are very smooth and responsiveWhat I didnt like so much- After only 6 hours of playing it has become monotonous to find items in obvious places- The missions feel rather shallow- I just end up running all over the map with with no vehicle
,Recommended,239140,18179584,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,CRONIC_420,Wow!! This game is UNBELIEVEABLE !! FABULOUS GRAPHICS and STUNNING DETAIL!! Good game for the price and it even has CO-OP! That to me is the BEST PART! love playing with other guys against the ZEDS!!
76561197964847010,Recommended,239140,18179747,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Fix,"If you enjoy the physics and gameplay of farcry and dead island, you will enjoy this game.  From storyline to graphics, this game was practically the same thing as those."
76561197991834915,Recommended,239140,18200750,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DEATH2ALLNOOBS,A load of fun. Story is mediocre but the gameplay and progression are exceptional.
,Recommended,239140,18210434,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"its a great game. parkour and zombies?! well who would had tought that those 2 wopuld combine like chocolate and vanilla. the story is kinda.... bad, no wait. ♥♥♥♥♥♥! yeah the story sucks. its like de developers watched a DayZ stream and were like ''we could turn this in a story!'' and omfg the glichés its getting kind of funny because they keep coming. but forget about the story your here to kick some zombie♥♥♥♥♥and parkour like a boss!!! well then this is your game. Oh, did i mention you can play with up to 3 friends? cuz u can!hilarious but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story 9/10"
76561197973048799,Recommended,239140,18234477,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,JESTER,This game is worth every dollarBest zombie game of 2015
,Recommended,239140,20236139,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Deadly,"i never thought i would have as much fun as i have had with this game, the zombies are a real threat throughout the whole game because there are always new zombies being introduced, the story is compelling and the nights are actually dangerous and sometimes quite intense"
,Recommended,239140,20235336,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Captain Twiizt,Best game out there!
,Recommended,239140,20235562,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Trump 2020,Dang good game! The movement and mechanics are very smooth and the environment is very unique. I should have picked this up sooner!
,Recommended,239140,20228910,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Vintage Seinfeld DVD,>you can decapitate a zombie and finish looting it's corpse before it even hits the ground10/10
76561198135474803,Recommended,239140,20226928,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Colaoverpepsi1,"Love this game to shreads. I feel like my time might be dying out (pun intended) as i did all the quest becasue i was trying to avoid the crap story. The sotry is carp, but who really cares. Just do it up until you get to sector zero then dont even bother. In short, a great game with many flaws, but what game doesnt have flaws nowadays"
76561198025240340,Recommended,239140,19856423,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CoppeR,"Very fun. It's not going to be a problem anymore (the following dlc), but when I finished the campaign, I quit playing it because I finished it. But overall, the game is great."
76561198027894864,Recommended,239140,19856816,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lugwig,"Its cool game. Its Assassins Creed meets Dead Island type. Only couple of issues I find is that 1). Guns stats are the same all over except it worth more money. 2). Lack of side quests aside from main story quests for this calibre type open world. Other then that, its all awesome..."
76561198071783439,Recommended,239140,19886003,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,grainne123,great game
,Recommended,239140,19883316,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,McNipsy,Lots of fun and lots to do.
,Recommended,239140,19898565,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"Its like dead island but you can parkour like in assassins creed, and the game gives you plenty of opportunities to do this.Also the story is a bit better, with more interesting characters"
,Recommended,239140,19898836,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,t0GGl3R,"fun game for co-op zombie game, has parkour like mirrors edge, interesting pvp against hunters during night times, and funny narration of plot!"
76561198049905428,Recommended,239140,20224083,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,coolstorybro,This is by far one of the best games i have played in a while. when i saw this game i said it was just another zombie game but it feels totally different! I am in love with this game and it is 100% worth the money!!
,Recommended,239140,21910276,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,scop,"Dying Light was OK.  It was a successor to Dead Island in every sense.The parkour system is not bad and gets better as you unlock more fluid skills.  I found myself dying occasionally from missing ledges I really should have been able to reach and also fromusing the grappling hook assuming I'd grab the ledge only to be sorely mistaken whilst plummeting to my doom.The fight system is pretty balanced until toward the end once your weapons get modded and blueprinted and enhanced, then the zombies become nothing but a chore to dull your edges on.  Sometimes zombies will have a seemingly infinite number of hit points and other times they go down in one hit, it's very arbitrary.Night time is supposed to be terrifying however I never died during the night a single time from anything other than missing a ledge.  They could easily ramp up the difficulty and/or viciousness of the baddies in the night time.Being noisy can get frustrating and later in the game will result in a seemingly unending platoon of runners who are not really a threat anymore but are just annyoing as hell.The characters are for the most part believeable and react accordingly, if not a little cookie-cutter. (you are a wise♥♥♥♥♥ the government is shady, the villian is evil, the leader of the good guys is a humble everyman, the female lead is fiesty)The Ending♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS.  The boss fight is a series of quick time events.  Seriously?  I hate that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Co-op played pretty good-- except exploding throwing stars can crash your game during co-op.Graphics were good; Performance was good too.  I have a GTX 960 / i5-4460 and it ran at 60ish on High even when in an open area filled with the undead.Most side missions are fetch quests and a couple of them go on FOREVER.  About 15 hours in I pretty much abandoned all side missions and got the story over with.  I fired up the game exactly 1 time afterwards and couldn't bear to go any further.There's collectibles strewn all over, if that's your thing, go for it.The DLC with the vehicles looks interesting enough to me to grab when on sale and reinstall.I would recommend Dying Light if you:- Enjoyed Dead Island- Like stories about Zombies- Enjoy open world games- Are OK with climbing and parkour-y stuff- Don't mind falling from ledges that look climb-able but alas, are not.EDIT: I forgot-- Get the dropkick perk ASAP and Kick some zombs off the highest building you can find."
,Recommended,239140,21910757,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Halfprice199,"You ever played Mirror's Edge? Yh, well take the parkour system of that, then make everything else an exact clone of Dead Island, and you've got yourself Dying Light! Seriously though if you've ever wondered what Damien Walter's bad acid trips are like, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,239140,21915988,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Fundus,"I'm surprised that this $60 game has an actual theme. Rather than, shoot the enemies. 9/10"
76561198075673900,Recommended,239140,22011891,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,I think this game is fantastic. It is the best no doubt about it the best zombie game ever. The story is pretty decent the combat is amazing the parkour is impressive and the open world aspect is amazing to traverse around the world and do side quests. 100% couldn't recommend enough.
76561198007580585,Recommended,239140,22018222,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ChinChila,10/10
,Recommended,239140,22018381,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,The Elmo Drop,"Dying Light, What a game to play, so much fun and i have really enjoy this game so much, i have enjoy mostly the nights mission, because you are like ""i am all good, i can outrun them"", oh♥♥♥♥♥♥you are wrong, it fun and you will enjoy this game and i do recommend this game to others and to my friends"
76561197971375234,Recommended,239140,22020084,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,KRaM,Great take on the open world genre - worth playing
,Recommended,239140,22020777,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,🦆HomelessDucklin🦆,"Awesome game i recommend it,it's fun as hell c:"
76561198083611912,Recommended,239140,22025396,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,sethhel,Story=No good ;-;Everything Else=Phenomenal :D
,Recommended,239140,22021753,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,archangela14,Probably the best game I've played next to the witcher!
,Recommended,239140,20491852,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,justhatlegend,if dying light is not in your libary delete steam
76561198032820691,Recommended,239140,21992288,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,km7961,"i really do like this game the campaign ha little replay value though, but the free roam is excelent. playing with friends is truley amazing and exploring is even better, i would definetaly recomend this game to anyone."
76561198052875241,Recommended,239140,21964774,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ack1225,"Dying LightSo I just want to start off saying I have never found a zombie game I enjoyed until this, most zombie games have some mindless zombies that you can easily pick off and have the normal im going to bite you an eat your brains. The zombies in this game have really good reactions and yes most are pretty stupid, I was once flanked by 4 zombies while a ravaged one chased me from behind. Im also not too big on FPS's but this game changes my mind. The fact of being able to do parkour in first person mode and having flawless movements is just great. Do you need to use a gun in the game? not really ""in fact I only ever use them on humans"" I stick to machetes and such not big on the hammers but I do like the clubs.Graphics 9/10 very smooth play great views all the way through.Sound 10/10 Good ""stuff""Story 8/10 sad stuffOverall 9/10 On my top 10 favsAs far as The Following being added to the game, its like a sequel but in dlc form it's amazing. Allot of new aspects, weapons, methods of killing, vehicles. I would say more but why spoil something great."
,Recommended,239140,22205539,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr.Dangerfield,"Hands down, one of this best games I have ever played in my life."
,Recommended,239140,22208002,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sophia,fun game. much zombie. good garphics. 11/10 would buy again
76561198074346221,Recommended,239140,30745629,Posted: 26 March,all,Kisaragi,"The game is one of the best i have ever seen, with zombies. The Pakkets that you can buy is very good and brings a new story alive."
76561198030529975,Recommended,239140,22156136,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Cosmo,The game is awesome who dosent like killing zombies the story was really good and fun i loved it
76561198000745671,Recommended,239140,30745853,Posted: 26 March,all,Diversant,"Просто одна из лучших игр, в которые я играл.------------------------------------------------Simply one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198046711223,Recommended,239140,22180973,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ruin,Best Co-op zombie game to date
76561198023213535,Recommended,239140,22168223,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kermit the Frog,LOKO DEMAIS!
,Recommended,239140,22185579,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ZTagger1911,"I originally thought this game was going to just be another one of those zombie survival games.  Let me tell you right now, it's not.  I tried the demo for the game and was instantly hooked.  It includes a lot of things you tend to see other games such as Mirror's Edge, Dead Island and L4D, but combines all of the good things about those games into one whole new idea of game play.  If you want to be freaked out having zombies scratch your back while you run through the night climbing buildings and jumping gaps this game is perfect.  Perfect amount of thrill and excitement.  One of the best features this game offers is the ability to play with friends in a cooperative zombie infested open world.  I couldn't recommend this game enough.  One of the very few best zombie games ever."
76561198150432933,Recommended,239140,22158328,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,not magic friggus,its gud
76561198035370620,Recommended,239140,22153632,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,earash16,why it  has all the flags but not Iran ? :((((
76561198006265186,Not Recommended,239140,22160068,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,romulous,"Every time there is a boss fight, all your weapons and abilities that you have accumulated to that point get taken away, which is exactly zero fun. The ending is one big, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ QuickTime event. Screw this game."
76561198059328186,Recommended,239140,15474696,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,✪ NINJA PANDA,amazing game 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,239140,21430627,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,den_mark_98,I have played quite a bit zombie games and I have enjoyed this one quite a bit.  I have over 100 hours and it is great because of all the easter eggs that you can find in the game.  I can totally recommend this game.
,Recommended,239140,21972421,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,mitaz,"great game, nice zombie slasher game. kinda mix between farcry4, assasin creed, dead island, gta 5. me love it :D"
76561198062840974,Recommended,239140,21972549,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,M3T4L PH30N1X,Zombie killing+parkour. Do i really need to more?
,Recommended,239140,21960422,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kung Medicus,10/10
,Recommended,239140,21961273,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ItsJosieDaHo,I don't think I had ever realized how amazing this game was. Soon enough my life was devoured by it. Currently living off antizin. Excuse me now while I go and play the DLC.
76561198005338352,Recommended,239140,21955793,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,BiG DaddY,An excellent zombie game. You really want to buy this game for the story.
76561197961161251,Recommended,239140,21955974,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,masleche,"Dying Light: The Following is an excellent addition to an already great game.  Way to really figure out what made the game fun, and also introducing completely new and interesting components to the game.  Basically, The Following feels more like a sequel than a DLC, great value added!  Big thanks to the entire development team for releasing this when it was ready and felt right!"
,Recommended,239140,21957482,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,FacSa-,"This game is, by far, the best zombie game! It is not only beatiful speaking of its graphics, but also incredibly good when it comes to gameplay, the brutal level of freedom given by parkour is incredible, and it is the ONLY game in first person where I loved the melee combat. Personally I liked the story of the game, but the 'end boss' fight was disappointing, on the other side the DLC ending was a WTF moment but it was very good. 10/10 is my score for this game"
,Recommended,239140,21961865,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SLAUGHTER -iwnl,"I ePros:Decent story writting;The game is about 25-30 hours long, campaing is about 15h max;Side missions are worth doing, fun and exciting;Great graphics (u will need a decent pc to play this game);Huge maps and its cool to travel betwenn both maps and see different people and missions;Night time aint super hard but its super exciting specially when there isnt a safe house around and u have 5 volitels chasing your pùssy;Monster/zombies are hard at times specially ""The Hulk"", and of course the volitels.Worth buying the new DLC ""the following"" from what i have seen.Cons:Need a decent Graphic card to play this game i have a GTX 960 and sometimes i had frames lag;There isnt much to do when GAME OVER and multiplayer isnt that great;Repetitive at times.Nontherless worthbuying game on sale, its awesome but not worth the current price because Game Over when u finish the game.Play the game in Normal and then change to Hard because hard mode is way harder and u need to learn the game mechanics before being a surviver.Hope i was helpfull!"
76561197987095135,Recommended,239140,21962045,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Butt Stuff,Best offline game ever.
76561198164101146,Recommended,239140,22112120,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jonasbli,"Really loved the game! The graphics are beautiful and well done. The sense of freedom is great because of the awesome parkour skills, vast maps and the modications available to your veapons. The game is really scary, so thank God for the coop-multiplayer, or I've wouldn't dare playing it!"
76561198129470758,Recommended,239140,22314256,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,iReaper,Perfect. 100/100
,Recommended,239140,22312573,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Weird looking vegetal,"One of The Best Zombie/Parkour games out there, graphics are amazing, visuals are great. only bad thing about this game is the ocean looks wierd in a distance."
,Recommended,239140,14829182,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Basch123,"I was honestly doubting if it was good or not, but when I got it I fell in love with it instantly. The beginning is kind of slow, but when you start free roaming the game becomes super fun."
,Recommended,239140,22547400,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Skyze,"The best zombie game of the decade. Plus free content update so worth your cash, and state of decay you developers are just bunch of cheating low life game makers. I hope there are more great updates"
76561198066029966,Recommended,239140,21211825,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MojoGarrett,Played this game on Ps4 for weeks when it came out. absolutely loved it. It's just as good on PC and the Enchanced edition comes with all the DLC and looks phenominal. 11/10
76561198182838814,Recommended,239140,21208587,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,lastkings,good game just some of the charecters dont load or the platforms
,Recommended,239140,20915520,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lord Skeletor,8/8 m8 would recomend
76561198241743686,Recommended,239140,20919047,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,EricH1981,Dying Light is another one of my favorite zombie games. It is kind of like Dead Island. The weapon upgrades are cool. Exploring the open world is also fun. The only thing I can complain about is I just wish it was a longer game. Out of 10 stars I give this a 9.
,Recommended,239140,14411652,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,brue,"I have to say, my original review for this game was really really bad. I was really harsh on the game because I thought ""hey, this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks because I'm influenced by the BIAS.""This game is ACTUALLY GOOD. It's like if you'd take Mirrors Edge and mix it with a good Dead Island.The level creator when it came out was prety unused, but now I'd recomend buying this game JUST for the custom levels by the other players. A lot of the custom levels are done very very well.Now the actual game is great. The gameplay is fun but the story is kinda on the bad side.Hopefully ""The Following""updateDLC is going to make the game better.Now, if you wait until the Enhanced Edition comes out, get that it comes with the season pass.If you already have the game just buy the season pass to get ""The Bozak Horde"" and you'd also get ""The Following"" when that releases."
76561198027351958,Recommended,239140,20887171,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,juanatwork685,This is one of the best zombie apoclypse games ive played.....definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,239140,20758323,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MadSam,THIS GAME IS THE WORST THING ANY DEVELOPER HAS CREATED. I RATHER EAT DOOG POOP THAT HAS DRIED UP IN THE SUN AND WAS PEE'ED ON BY A GERMAN SHEPERD CARRING AN INFANT ON ITS BACK. I FEEL LIKE KILLING MY SELF DUE TO THIS GAME. I ACTUALLY LOST 10 YEAR OF MY LIFE BY LOOKING AT THE MENU SCREEN FOR 1 MINUTE. I AM NOW OLDER THAN ALL MY COUSINS BUT NOT MY DAD CAUSE HE IS OLDER THAN ME BY MORE THAN TEN YEARS. SO I AM REALLY UN HAPPY WOTH MY EXPERIENCE PLAYING THIS GAME SO I GOT A REFUND. GABVEN MISSED HIS SHOT ON THIS ONE. ID RATER JUMP OFF A LIVE PLANE ON FIRE WITHOUT A PARACHUTE IN SHARK INFESTED WATERS. REALLY YOU CAN DO MUCH BETTER. SHOOT YOURSELF IF YOU DECIDE I GOT NOTHING AGAINST YOU. ITS JUST YOU ARE WAISTING GAME SPACE ON STTEAM AND EXTENDING THE GAME SEACH COUNT IN THE LETTER P FOR THIS GAME. I HATE IT 0/10 I SUGGEST YOU DO NOT BUY THIS. I AM GOING TO CALL THE POLICE AND INFORM THEM YOU HAVE CROSSED THE LINE ON THIS ONE. STEALING MY MONEY FOR THE LAST TIME. MY FRIEND/GAY AS HELL PERSON ANONYMOUS HAS DECIDED THAT HE WAS NOT INTERESTED IN THHIS GAME SO I GOT A BAD GIFT FROM YOU. YOU BEAD BANK ROBBERS. EAT SOME MORE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU WANK CAUSE YOU ARE A FAGOT AND A GAY AND A WOMMAN WITHOUT AND BOOBS. YEA COME AT ME BRO. I COULD MAKE A GAME TEN TIMES BETTER THAN THIS. SCREW YOU. FAKIN REVIEWS TAKE 5 MINS OF PLAY TIME SO BASICALLY 5 MINS OF FAKING ARROUND FIGURING HOW A GAME WORKS. IT is a great game though.
76561197983247001,Recommended,239140,20901839,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Baby_Blue,"This game keeps you on your toes.  I have tried a few other ones, but I have not liked any as much as I do Dying Light.  There are side quests you can take of various different skill levels, to earn more rep and money.  I would definitely recommend this game to a zombie enthusiast."
76561198207716400,Recommended,239140,30691661,Posted: 23 March,all,TheyCallMeFoxy,LOVED IT!
,Recommended,239140,14385079,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Chillbro Swaggins,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing poorly optimized. Running 30 ♥♥♥♥ings fps. Don't buy this if you have AMD CPU or GPU.****EDIT****The game has been optimalized and it runs smooth as a baby♥♥♥♥♥ The game has a lot to offer without the dlc's.
,Recommended,239140,20281564,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Deadpoolish,Hands down the best zombie game i have ever played!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,20314112,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,donCAT,Perfect blend of Mirror's Edge and Dead Island.
76561198005302282,Recommended,239140,20313990,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Strider,"Let me share my INCREDIBLE first few hours of dying light:At first the game was a struggle, it took me a while to even be able to freerun through the tutorial course xDOnce I got the hang of it, the gameplay seemed slightly dull and mediocre.... until I got through my first night.My first night run in Dying Light was THE best experience Ive ever had playing a video game.Seeking a challenge I had my settings on the highest difficulty with Zombie Invasion on Always.This was a mistake.Following the end of the cutscene of your first volatile encounter I ran into three volatiles within 30 seconds of running. Panicking, I ran into the heart of the city.This was also a mistake.There was no light Whatsoever and I walked into a steet, FILLED with infected, their figures could only be seen as eerie silouettes in the moonlight. I took to the roofs as quickly as possible, so as to use the moonlight to plot a path, My heart pounding in my chest as I could hear the volatiles snarling behind me barely missing me as I scrambled onto the roofs. There must have been 5+ volatiles chasing me, I had one medkit left, and I didnt pack any diapers.I ran like never before.Addrenaline coursing through me, I ran at top speed, never missing a step. I could almost feel the cool night air running through my hair. But the volatiles are relentless. I could hear their snarling and breathing getting louder and louder as they slowly caught up to me.I missed a precision jump (mechanics for which are done perfectly in the game ) and plummeted into the dark abyss of the streets below.I kept running, it was all I could do, taking sharp turns in alleyways and vaulting the smaller obstacles, as packs of zombies clawed at me, tugging my shirt, slowing me down and damaging me where they could. Despite slowing down to use my final medkit I was gaining ground. Laughing at the insanity that is night running.Until I hit a dead end.In a moment of brilliance, I remembered the Light. The UV flashlight, Spikes words echoing in my mind ""If you run into one of those volatiles give them a blast of UV light"".  I spun around and shined the light directly in the face of a volatile, making full eye contact with one of the grotesque husks of a being that had been chasing me, before it recoiled from the light. The sight of it still haunts me to this day. I was not bothered by its rotting flesh or jagged teeth, but rather the look in its bloodshot eyes. It almost looked ...not happy, but content as if it somehow knew my situation was hopeless.Time seemed to slow down as I kicked the creature in its exposed ribcage, frantically searching for a way out. There it was. A single perfect ramp angling toward an adjacent roof. Without hesitation I pushed past the creature as 2 more arrived to seal the alleyway, each hitting me in turn. With 17HP I somehow slipped between them,  ran up the ramp and back onto the moonlit rooftops. I could hear my own panting in tune with Kranes as we ran towards the MASSIVE suspension bridge.There must have been hundreds of zombies on that bridge.I ran, jumping car to car, knowing that with one wrong step, I would surely perish. I kept running, night blind. My path barely visible in the low flames of wrecked cars. I tripped and scrambled, screamed and prayed, desperately trying to get off that god forsaken bridge. I ran and ran until I reached the center of the bridge, which had been destroyed, presumably in order to quarantine the area. There was no way out, in front there was nothing but a hole in the bridge, looming what seemed like a thousand meters over pitch black water. To my rear the volatiles had caught up with me, now within 20 meters. I took one last look at the murky black water and jumped.I saw the distant UV lights of a settlement when I finally surfaced and began the long swim back.I managed to get back to the tower that night, counting my blessings. For I  doubt many others could've survived that run.10/10 I've never been so terrified and exhilirated. Gameplay at higher levels becomes even more fun and faced pace. Skill trees are creative and progressive. Looting system is a mix of skyrim (lockpicking), farcry (body animations) and thief (object animations), which is fantastic. (you really feel pressed for time lockpicking while firecrackers etc are distracting them and you can be hurt grabbing objects encouraging grab and gtfo style looting. Story so far is MUCH better than anticipated. Graphics are AMAZING (If you get motion sick, turn off depth of field and motion blur :))Fantastic Game, would buy again.If anyone reads all of this and wants to go on a night run with me, send me a message. I cant wait to try multiplayer."
,Recommended,239140,20312157,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Captain Danker (OBN),What can i say? Nice graphics and nice story and charactersThe only thing wrong: it should be playable for all graphics cards even the lowest ones like 12 fps or 6But nvm nice game 8/10
,Recommended,239140,20312682,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,-TheBigBossX-™,"You may say this is the same as Dead Island, same objectives, same game structure but i played both and i say this is worth it and better than Dead Island Series in fact."
76561197976259471,Recommended,239140,19058616,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,AZSLIMJIM,"One of the best zombie games I have ever played. Love it! Not to be like everyone else but the easiest way to describe it is if Dead Island and Assassin's Creed birthed a sexy, gory baby. Gameplay is fluid and smooth, I wish assassin's creed could get their parkour on this level. Can't be that hard when you make 9 games around it and you get shown up by one game! It runs well, completely maxed out, i've had no CTDs, no real bugs or glitches. DLC is a little lame but the new one comes out soon and it doubles the world size so probably worth it. This sale makes it a steal, I paid full price for game and pass! One full playthrough with no challenges ran me 52 hours. One of my favorite games I've ever played. Story is pretty good although slightly predictable, night is scary to play in the dark, day night feature is awesome. Stop reading reviews and buy it already!"
,Recommended,239140,20310611,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,spockman96,Great game.
76561198093713963,Recommended,239140,20309431,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,zyøN;,"Não a como descrever o quanto esse jogo e perfeito em todos os quisitos,a emoção,tensão,jogabilidade estão perfeitas.Peca um pouco nos gráficos de zombies e cenário etc etc,mas acaba se esquecendo desses detalhes de tão o jogo te prende a historia e também a necessidade de upgrades nas armas,kit's médicos e principalmente na melhoria de suas skills para melhorar em vários quisitos de combate,parkour e sobrevivência ! Otimo sistema de ""craft"" de itens e updates com projetos para aumentar mais ainda o dano e praticidade da arma em si.Excellente game recomendo 10/10. :]"
,Recommended,239140,20309686,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,best in class,good game
,Recommended,239140,20289622,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,January,Very nice game. One of the best zombie game i ever play for.
,Recommended,239140,20302970,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SlimWanderer,"Great game, but the ending was really bad..."
,Recommended,239140,20260733,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Drake,"Movement in this game is an awesome take on parkour that feels like a perfect hybrid between Mirror's Edge and Just Cause 2 (when you get the grappling hook).Overall gameplay was great, story was captivating for the most part and the characters you encounter doing side quests are hugely entertaining. Wish the ending for the base game was a bit more substantial, but definitely looking forward to playing the DLC."
,Recommended,239140,20466851,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RNGOD,:)
76561198026660149,Not Recommended,239140,20466991,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,neo_dragon66,"Just finished dying light, and i have NEVER been so disappointed in an ending to a story. It was like the last i don't know, three to four missions including the final, that really made a good story turn sour. The game design of the last of it was just terrible, the levels were bad, the interactions going on in those area's were bad, and there was no interesting twist's or plot changes it went exactly how i expected it to go. Also the last boss was such a cheap cop out of a boss it is almost like they ran out of funding and ended it quickly. I don't NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME, buy it on sale it's a good game up until the last bit of the story but it's not worth dumping money into."
,Recommended,239140,20467840,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Smannesman,"This is a really great game.The best zombie survival open world game I've played so far.Parkouring through the city works really well (for the most part) and leveling up doesn't make the game easy, it just makes it so you're better able to survive. It'll still be dangerous outside.Guns are available, as is the ammo. And they work much better than they did in Dead Island.Other than the main quest there is a decent amount of side quests, repeatable quests and challenges to keep you interested and earn experience.I encountered no serious bugs and the only noticeable slowdown I had was when I encountered some shining mushrooms.If you enjoy open world games, parkour and zombies I'd definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,239140,20456632,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,sfear,Night running is intense!
,Recommended,239140,20486912,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,4R7Y,"At first I thought, ah dang, a pipe? a wooden board? I won't last a minute in this. And I didn't. :) But as it progresses I get better weapons. Oooo a bat! OMG A MACHETE! *Never uses anything besides a machete again.* And running and jumping over everything was ok....but then....GASP! Grapple hook! I love you, grapple hook! So wonderful! I'm Spiderman!This is a great game. How often have I not decided to go do this quest a few hours before sundown thinking ""plenty of time"" only on the way to the objective I stumble on some other stuff to do, like this dude that wants help retrieving his fishing rod or something. *Looks at sun* ""sure I can do that, plenty of time still"". Then only 5 minutes before night, I complete the mission and reallize how close to evil night I am. Frantically begin sprinting and parkouring for the nearest safehouse. On the way I find a police van practically unguarded! Knowing how good the loot can get in these police vans I just gotta open it and get the goodies."
,Recommended,239140,20486992,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,BALKAN BANDIT,I LIKE THIS GAME
76561198165861659,Not Recommended,239140,14197927,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ツ☠JuαηGαmerESP☠ツ,"Hello good nights in this message I want to talk with the technical support of Steam, I have had a problem with the download of a game... at the end of the download I tried to play and my pc does not give that game minimum requirements. One of the conditions that not nothing and espeficicaban in the game, then I want to write to you so that they rembolsen me the decides of the money of this game Dying Light ROW pre-purchase if there some problem with reimbursement, legal measures against this platform by not giving option to refund. Thanks a lot. I hope your answer."
76561197960916829,Recommended,239140,17450498,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cackle,"I was not expecting this game to be as well done as it is.  Such a great world with tons going on to do and see, not to mention how fun the parkour is and how it really changes the way a game is played.  Tons of skills to unlock from 3 seperate skill trees, huge open worlds to explore and a decent crafting system plus new game +. This is NOT dead island, this is an amazing game."
,Recommended,239140,17151550,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,jurwencortez#TWA,In order to fix the game you need to update your graphics and hardware(BASICALLY UPGRADE TO WINDOWS 10 AND THE MISSING TEXTURES BUG IS FIXED) So i fixed the missing texture bug and now i can enjoy the game again.
,Recommended,239140,16067600,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sierrebrarc,"Like finding inventive ways to move around?-Plenty of parkour action here. You can run, climb and jump. You can balance on narrow ledges and use zip lines. Edit: Grapple Hooks!!! Want to play like spiderman in the zombie apocalypse? Level up and get the grapple hooks for some awsome hook slinging action!!!-Drawback? I remember back in the day I would pull up, then vault off a ledge, spin mid air and catch a ledge behind you in Tomb Raider. You can't do that in this game. Sorry.Like exploring your creative side in the mass execution of undead creatures?-Hand to hand, pipes, clubs, knives, swords, bows, guns, throwing weapons and much much more-Numerous kinds of traps that you can activate, knock zombies into, etc..-Knock zombies off ledges, roofs, bridges...-Also take into consideration that you can dismember the zombies WHILE you kill them!The only true CON I can think of for this game is that if you have someone you love you should consider breaking up before you start the game because you may not come out of the office for QUITE a while!"
76561198208167988,Recommended,239140,17889088,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,OK CARZ,every time i play the game nuthing is thare you cant see nothing no zombies no buldings please help
,Recommended,239140,20182405,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,cinc,"Engaging game with a relatively short story and some really intense jumpscares. Definitely worth grabbing while on sale, I am not sure about its replayability but there are some DLC's to come in the future so we shall see."
,Recommended,239140,20335489,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Patrick,Dank game
,Recommended,239140,20334968,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TUFF STuff,This is a awesome game
,Recommended,239140,20334979,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,||/|\|/|\|/|\|/|\|/|\||,"The gameplay is interactive and flawless. The graphics are amazingly ""real"" looking. The storyline is interesting and new."
76561198000507762,Recommended,239140,20316268,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Professor Probability,"I have played many fast paced shooters, open world survival games, and 2D/3D platformers in my time. One of my all time favorites is a popular title called Mirrors edge: a fast-paced but relatively short test title based upon the premise of parkour. The game was innovative in its use of 1st person perspective, in that the player could see their own hands and body as they played, giving them a feeling of immersion not shared by any other game.Dying light puts Mirrors Edge to shame.Dying light is your standard Zombie appocalypse premise, set in Harran: a mythical city in a 3rd world country. The Quarantine zone is established after an epidemic quickly spreads through the city's inhabitants. As the viral outbreak continues, the more strongly and uniquely infected individuals called ""virals"" become more dangerous, parrelleling the unique abilities displayed by the infected in Left 4 Dead. You, Kyle Crane, are a GRE operative sent in to recover a classified file from a rogue operative.I will leave the more important details to the game's own narrative, but suffice to say you get your **** handed to you within the first 5 minutes of the game and get rescued by a group of survivers who have learned to survive by running the streets using parkour to escape the infected. You, of course, become a runner in one of the best parkour engines I have ever seen, putting mirrors edge firmly in second place. This game is the update mirrors edge never saw, which adds several new levels of complexity and a massive open world to explore.Plenty of unique and varied weapons can be found and created using the in-game crafting system, and your combat abilities and free running skills will become more varied and complicated as the game progresses. The human enemies, who often carry guns (a big no no to anyone not wanting to face hordes of virals who take noise complaints seriously) can all be defeated using the stylish combat engine built into the base game.If you enjoyed mirrors edge, or simply want to know what real parkour feels like for a true master (full cooperation for developement of the games movement engine was provided by David Belle), this game is for you. I would highly recommend this game to everyone with a stomach for violence, mild horror, and heights."
76561198045461992,Recommended,239140,20326569,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Necrodamus,very good game great graphics and awesome parkour mechanics that are similar in level to that of mirrors edge. 10/10 I would most definitly reccomend this game to anyone that likes post apocolypse set games.
,Recommended,239140,20325559,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,digitallykhaotics,Awesome graphics
76561198071685124,Recommended,239140,30674733,Posted: 22 March,all,sosbro,"Perfect game for friends or bros to play co-op with. Playing it by yourself would a weaker experience.Parkour is done pretty well, game runs like an enhanced version of Dead Island.However, you'll need a fairly good pc to run this. Anything lower and the game gets really, really bad."
76561198170132241,Recommended,239140,20316877,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tolgerb,Open world Mirrors edge with more than just buildings to jump off ofAny mirrors edge fan buy this game for under $30!
,Recommended,239140,20319026,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Omen,great game just my pcs gpu is♥♥♥♥♥so ye but definitely recommend if u have good pc
76561198140783976,Recommended,239140,20319243,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Raef999,Best zombie game i have ever played.
,Recommended,239140,20316071,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dust,I think everything has already been said in other reviews but I really had a great time with this game.  The parkour mechanics were well done.   I have about 30 hours into this game and night time still scares the crap out of me.
,Recommended,239140,20495328,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,LizardWizard,Aight
,Recommended,239140,20520824,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,76561197967193056,Recommended!
,Recommended,239140,20523264,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Obsoleted,"A nice blend of Mirrors edge and Dead Island.Refined Dead Island combat with intersting loot and repair mechanics.Smooth Free-running that alows you to easily navigate the well designed maps.Best played with friends, relativly short main story, but with a fair amount of side quests.Worth playing, but due to its short story length, it's better to wait for a sale."
76561198108864790,Recommended,239140,20500466,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Rex_max6,Awesome Game!!!!!!
,Recommended,239140,20026240,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GaiusBertus,"Dying Light is:- firstly, highly recommended- a more serieus version of Dead Island- also somewhat like Far Cry- really beautiful at times- a bit slow at the start when you are still weak (but this is a good thing)- terrifying when it's night- sadly missing some drivable vehicles- telling a clichéd story, but the cut-scenes are nice to look at however- also fun multiplayer but it does break the atmosphere because it's pretty silly- very soon blessed with a free ""enhanced edition"" and a paid DLC- highly recommended, did I mention this?"
76561198203844539,Recommended,239140,20500533,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hanserkers,This game is awsome. best zombie game ever.
,Recommended,239140,20498912,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Glue Gun,"Parkour and zombies, what else could you ask for?10/10"
,Recommended,239140,20498303,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Macedolago,"At day, this is a game about dropkicking zombies off roofs.At night, this is a game about running for your life (if you get spotted by a Volatile)."
76561198074696450,Recommended,239140,21679624,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Prince Ike Q8,"I already platinumed this game on Xboxone. I'm playing it now on the PC. It's much better on the PC, and plus I get to play it with my friends. BEAST GAME!"
,Recommended,239140,21681971,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Prophet,"A great game, From stunning visuals to extreme carnarge, this is one game thats sure to bring you back for more."
,Recommended,239140,21680650,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,rm,"Other then some random lag spikes sprinkled throughout, this game was extremely fun!"
76561198048271999,Recommended,239140,21684474,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Master baiter,Amazing zombie game! Love the free running aspect in the game and the fact that it actually works really good
,Recommended,239140,21523261,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CrimsonGuardian_,Much zombiesVery parkour
,Recommended,239140,21603423,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Feniix,BEST GAME EVER
76561197964518670,Recommended,239140,21670582,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,㋛MajorStone☂IRL,Great fun..
,Recommended,239140,21669694,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,chronic mediocrity,Really challenging. More fun than most popular games on steam.
,Recommended,239140,21669864,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MI,"A great ""mess around"" game with your friends, with the new systems like legend and the buggy, it's endless fun."
,Recommended,239140,21163411,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,PO0P_F4C3,"I absolutly love this game, especially after the DLC, i thought dlc are stupid, but this company knows how to DLC, I am excited to play this game more."
,Recommended,239140,21146196,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,"Holy crap this game is awesome I couldn't stop playingI have to say I don't recommend this game coz ifA) You are a student you will give up your gradeB) You are working you won't wanna workYeah I know you have to get back to Dying light to survive one more nightDying light is not a survival game though, it's more about action and looting, it can be kinda grindy but extremely fun, gore and exciting.Buy it, you don't have to wait for discount."
76561198090319568,Recommended,239140,21146254,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fullyuki,They released the enhanced edition as a patch.  Enough said.
76561198125755876,Recommended,239140,21166431,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Abyss,It's a great game. I feel like I got my money's worth and then some. Great developers!
76561198112297509,Recommended,239140,21166604,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Crowbar,"omg, one of the best games ive ever played 10/10 would play for 8 hours a day again"
76561198041846140,Recommended,239140,21210045,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Handicapped Snow Boi,super fun parkours with z guys
,Recommended,239140,20971824,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,EDDYramires,"Great game, would recommend. I hope that will the second part!"
76561198264081409,Recommended,239140,20991093,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Unclephil_yifgod,Extremely underated! Pros and cons are the easiest soPros:Amazing open worldEntertaining combatGreat multiplayerBe the zombie is coolUnreal Parqour PlayVast amount of weapons and crafting itemsCons:Laughable storyTwo worlds feel too separatedSlightly Uncomfortable overuse of the word F**kA few graphical bugs
76561198023501537,Recommended,239140,21024184,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MISCA,"Great game, zombies and action, what else would you need? Thumbs up for this game."
,Recommended,239140,19785372,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,David0vić,"Great game with awful story and characters. Dont play this game for the plot, play it for the fun parkour and zombies which the game handles very well. This game has the best first person parkour ever imo even better then mirrors edge and it reminds me so much of assassins creed especially in the second city you visit where there is alot of tall buildings to climb and jump between. The grappling hook you unlock personally makes this game for me it's so much fun to use. The story missions and side missions are very fun even in solo and even if you don't care about the story.  One of the best games of the year for me.8/10 (Great)"
,Recommended,239140,20976823,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,bohne,"I needn't explain myself too much, just read the highest rated reviews. I'm kinda just leaving this review here to boost the games overall score. But here's a little reasoning:Without doubt the best zombie game ever made. If you like zombie games, the fact that this isn't in your collection yet is just insane.Is this game worth 60 dollars? ...No, it's worth 80 :)GET. THIS. GAME.NOW."
76561198060048199,Recommended,239140,20974036,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lil Apex,Its a very cool game and if you love zombie games its even better. the only thing that is bad is that you can only repair weapons a few times. But overall its a very good game
,Recommended,239140,19740301,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mr_D,"I don't normally go for zombie games, but this one is piqued my interest.  The crafting system is interesting, parkour is great, and melee combat feels solid.  It does have the typical RPG problem where the difficulty falls off a cliff once you gather enough items and can simply heal your way through any conflict, but until that point it stays somewhat challenging.  There's little penalty for dying and if you die during a set piece encounter, any enemies you killed stay dead, so frustration is low.As for the story, Kyle Crain is an idiot, but at least he's a nice idiot.  The supporting characters are little more than talking heads that provide quests.  About 75% of the way through the writing gets really bad, but then it ends so that's good."
,Recommended,239140,19914500,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,aegorsuch,Zombies with Parkour and cool (but implausible) weapon mods. Yes please!
76561197980412241,Recommended,239140,19914609,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,M3th0d,"This was great game to play, especially after the steam sale. If you want a chance to let off some steam and kill some zombies this game does it. If you played Dead Island this game is that and so much more. Definatly recommend!!"
,Recommended,239140,19947719,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DEFY | Emo Hoe,hot
,Recommended,239140,19950032,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,GoatMaster Flash,"Dying Light is a fun game. I wasn't sure about it at first it seemed dirivative. But after giving it a couple of hours, I really had fun with it.Prosgood main story linegreat collection of side quests make exploration funnight/ day mode makes it feel like two games,flexible gameplay optionsMultiplayer Mode can be funexcellent worldresponsive developersConsvanity items, such as clothes etc , feel like cheap bolt onquest glitches prevent badge completionmain character story lines fades inexplicably , though that may have been the side quest focus i had for a long gameBozak horde, tsk tsk. this is very unfun, and essentially  masochistic and for a reward that should have been in the game from the the get-go. It feels like the product of some desperate plea by marketers to  throw them a DLC bone because of long lead time of real expansion. meh. The reward for this might as well be a plank that you get to repeatedly bang your head on, while yelling 'i'm a dirty boy!, dirty. dirty.'Anyway if you can pick it up on sale, go for it."
76561197998495270,Recommended,239140,19943693,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[SST] Hacksword,"Now that the game is actually playable for me, I rather enjoy it. It is a lot like dead island meets a cracked out version of Skyrim. There is nothing here that is truly ground breaking, but it is still a lot of fun. Weapons made of metal break too fast however. I would like to think that a sledgehammer would not break after smashing in about 30 skulls. I mean, it is a sledgehammer, and zombies are made of people... Oh well, keeps you always wanting a new weapon. Overall, at the sale price, I would say it is a good buy."
