user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,239160,12756240,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Xonikz,"I just finished the game and am left wondering what happened during the concept and development phase that led to this blob of a game.I played 1,2 and 3 as they came out, before gold versions, or Steam, or any other modern game enhancement. Sure the original character backstory story was sparse, but the character didn't need to have a convoluted back story to be cool.I'm really confused as to why the writers felt it was necessary to create a whole new ""broken home/brothers at odds/apprentice lover kidnapped"" back story for Garrett when his original ""orphan trained as a keeper turned top tier taffer hated by all factions"" story was much more interesting.  None of the original world was even a part of this new game. I played on the hardest mode possible, shut off all visual helps (why those existed, I'll never understand), and took my sweet time to play through without killing everyone. I never felt the need to ghost every level in the original games and so I tried to play this in the same way (adventurer style). At the end of this new Thief, though, I was left with three glaring issues beyond the fluffy console gamer additives. Also, why was his jumping and swimming ability stolen from Garret?1:The music in the game pulled me out of the supspension of disbelief, so I shut it off. The original games had music in the title, the catacombs, the credits and one or two other atmospheric interludes, but never did it have a full-running, repeating, battle-themed score. I felt the score was an addition that cheapened the gameplay at the expense of production money.2:The addition of ultra vulgar curse words, nudity, and sexually themed conversations was stupid. Never did a player of the original games say to themselves, ""gosh, I wish their were topless chicks in this game that said the F- word all the time and performed BDSM themed scripted actions when I peered through a keyhole."" Instead we all focused on stealing loot and not getting caught by guards, zombies, and ratmen. I miss the ratmen and bug creatures BTW. Cut the ""real words"" vulgarity and make your scripting less vulgar. BTW, why was ""Taffer"" dropped? I loved that euphamism.3:Stop trying to make partial RPGs out of single player action games. Each level needs clear singular goals that drive profit or plot. Explain and answer all the plot points by end of the game. Start each level with a store for getting gear purchased with previous leveling loot cash. Eliminate the ""wandering through town in search of random side quests and loot"" bit. Bring back the storybook cutscenes between levels to drive the story. And, for the love of Pete, stop trying to make up a new origin story and faction rules for a world that already existed. The Hammers, Keepers, Zombies, Ghost Priests, Mechanists, Pagans, Ancients, bug people, ratmen, etc had more believeability and intriguing conceptualization than any of the crappy angry mobs and homeless people in this new iteration... Grrrr Arrrgh.Played, finished, sad, uninstalled.There is no replay factor in this game for me. Replay should be story driven; not multiplayer, stupid goals, and trinkets driven. I wouldn't watch a movie over and over again if its story sucked, and single player games are the same kind of entertainment for me. Make the story interesting and I'll play it again and again and again, because I love the story. I would also recommend it, if I loved the story. I recommend Thief 1 and 2 very highly.I wish someone could take the original gameplay from 1 and 2, the original cutscenes, voice acting, footstep sounds, and story lines; and put them into this beautifully rendered game engine. That would be the coolest thing that could possibly happen to the Thief franchise at this point.Make it and expansion pack and I'd pay for the stories all over again. Just don't kill an existing fanbase with crap like this ever again. Shame."
,Not Recommended,239160,9315537,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,AyeBraine,"I had my qualms about Dishonored when I first played it, because of the plot (that ping-ponged you on the outskirts of a real story, leaving you no real choices) and and its decorative, linear world. But compared to Thief remake, Dishonored is a masterpiece. And the sad thing is, Thief is totally playable, solid game - but slightly annoying in all possible ways, and also completely ridiculous. Slightly amusing TL;DR next.Thief is not a horrible game - rather, it's quite mediocre, despite all of the evident labor that went into its making. The source of the most excrutiating pain is the game's plot: it's all incredibly half-baked, illogical twists and baffling characters who are all over the place. Yes, including Garrett, who is part action-star jock (delivering one-liners in the most inappropriate situations), and part piece of wood, that chooses all the worst moments to insert a meaningful silence (so they all look like bug-eyed weirdness). All in all, Garrett reminded me of Shia LaBoeuf, which is Eldritch enough in itself. I won't even get into the game's half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at political commentary, because it's clearly pulled straight from other movies and games without any thought. Dialogue is simply very bad (though overheard ""flavor"" conversations are perfectly OK). For me, the highlight of writer's craft  was when chief of criminal police explained to a notorious thief the meaning of the ubiqitous in-game word meaning ""thief"" (along the lines of ""You see, when they catch thieves, they scald their hand in tar, so thieves are often called blackhands. Did you know that?"") The ending is so muddled and confounding, it's almost high-art surreal.OK, let's disregard the plot (and we can, literally, since there are several nice little, interesting side missions to play). Game mechanics (like the plot) is a smorgasbord of Dishonored, Hitman: Absolution, Assassin's Creed and others. Each one contributes a lovely bit of gameplay - and almost all of these bits don't work. Including the bits from original Thief. For example, Absolution-style closets for hiding are so completely useless, developers made them double as save points. I beat the game on Master using stealth, and I used the cabinet for hiding once. And I could do without it that time. And you can save anytime anyway.Stealth is not very good: on one hand, enemies are deaf and dumb, on the other, there are only two lighting situations for the player: brightly lit and totally obscured by darkness. The end result looks rather ridiculous, player prancing around people, snatching earrings out of their earlobes and cups before their eyes, hiding behind a coffee table in a lit room, hiding in plain sight in the middle of the stairs and so on. Another example of (Dishonored-)pulled mechanic is the Swoop - a cool accelerated stealth motion that is almost silent for some reason. Again, it's sometimes cool, but it undermines the tension and calculations of stealth: if there is a danger of detection, you just swoop around enemies like a terrified jetbike caught in hostile waters.Close combat leaves you feeling like an idiot: to make Garrett more thievy, they denied him the use of any edged weapons, so even if you make a tough moral decision to murder the guy who discovered you, you will have to hit him repeatedly with a small club until he is too tired to block. Yes, I'm not joking, it's the only kung fu in Garrett's arsenal.Open-world navigation is incredibly infuriating. In attempt to make the (very small) town into kind of a puzzle, developers closed off 90% of the roofs and plotted extremely arbitrary and convoluted paths, without any consideration for how the hell could anyone live in this city at all. And where is everybody. The ""overheard conversations"" mechanic always works as disembodied voices from inaccessible Nowhere, SOMETIMES EVEN IF THE CONVERSATION IS INSIDE THE APARTMENT YOU'RE IN. And it glitches sometimes, so you hear the same chat about a nice-smelling sex-worker all over the level, like it's a ghost that haunts your undersexed thieving self. Apartments that you rob, meanwhile, are always ominously empty. The nail in the coffin is arbitrary window-portals and ""narrow-passage-portals"" between maps, that never tell you where are you going. They're slow, annoying, and for all of their lengthy animations, they still end up showing you a loading screen.And several hours into the game, you realize that you're stealing everything from everyone, from lowly vagrants to artistic types to dead people to nobility. That's because neither Garrett or the game itself do not differentiate. For them, it's like collecting rings in Sonic.Oh, and Garrett can't jump. It's OK as a design choice, there are a lots of designated climbing points... but Garrett also can't jump over small and deadly pressure plates. He just expires, raising his hands in despair (that's his dying animation, for some reason).Anyway, it all comes down to the plot. You could gladly trod though not-so-perfect-but-totally-OK gameplay if you didn't roll your eyes every half an hour, or if any of the NPC's caused f***-giving counter to show of the myriad readings not amounting to zero. I certainly trodded through Thief all the same, and went away with something to tell - like the SUDDEN Silent Hill revival in the mental institution, or the need to set up precise soft flesh headshots, or cool side missions, or the HONESTLY COOL peripheral/central vision stealth mechanic (when enemies' reaction time depends on how peripheral you are to their vision cone). I have the utmost respect to its developers who churned out this enormous amount of content and threw in a couple of good ideas.There is a lot of things in Thief, and many of them are righteous. But the demonic side won.***I should clarify, after reading other reviews, that there are many smart bits about new Thief's stealth. Detection of open containers, peripheral vision, multi-level alert, cumulative alert and so on. At the same time I should add that the game world (which is part of the plot, so it's covered in the review) is not very convincing. It's 1920's (or later) technology, household items, fashion and overall aesthetics in a sorta medieval world. Rachmaninov playing on voxophones but lighting with torches. Wirecutters that cut rope. Rope that controls electrical machinery. Ratchet wrenches, metal ductwork and compound bows, and no firearms."
,Not Recommended,239160,18179331,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,PirateCaptainDark,"Back in the day when other games encouraged players to shoot everything in sight, there was one game that challenged the standard. This game gave players freedom while also introducing them to a world where the faith of people lay in machinery and magic. Thief: The Dark Project also introduced us to the Master Thief, Garrett – who would go on to win our hearts not through brute force but through his cunning nature. I don’t know how to say the following without it coming across as rude.EVERYTHINGthat we loved about Thief has been, literally and figuratively, buried deep in the cold, hard ground. This review is meant for the players who have decided to make this their first Thief game – if you take anything from this review, let it be this: this isNOTwhat Thief games are about.Level Design:The city appears so spacious and lively at first glimpse. Don’t be fooled. In order to finish the main storyline, the game requires that you traverse through the same paths on MULTIPLE occasions in order to get to the next chapter. The city and areas connected to it feature gateways (like windows and narrow crawlspaces) that involve constant button mashing to unlock and pass. This feature alone becomes frustrating once you realize it is located around every corner. The chapters occasionally offer different paths inside a target building but eventually all paths will converge to the same endpoint in a chapter. Pointless in a game where if you want 100% of the loot, you will cover every nook and cranny. The city which was initially introduced as being lively eventually just ends up being the same guards (either City Watch or Graven) on patrol and the same civilian (albeit different model) who happens to walk around examining Builder knows what. Oh right, and the many homeless people who never interact with the protagonist in any way.Audio and Music:You would think for a stealth game, the audio would be a must! Conversations can sound muffled from one person and not the other, despite being the same distance apart – even among main characters. Conversations from guards overlap and repeat every so often and might even get stuck on a neverending cycle. Oh and nobody says “TAFFER” anymore! It’s so disheartening to hear someone just blatantly say “f**k” (wow, so edgy!) I miss the days of quality banter between the drunken guards. The surface you choose to traverse across doesn’t matter because it all makes the same noise to the enemy depending on your proximity to them. All that matters is that you slowly creep and the enemies won’t know a thing. The only time the music AND audio ever stood out was during the spooky haunted asylum mission. (nod of approval for the audio based safe combination) But most of the time, the music just interferes with your ability to listen to FOOTSTEPS and NOISES.Character Design:Garrett doesn’t have his Mechanical Eye anymore. Instead, he has another eye ability which he doesn’t ever question until someone else points it out. Not like it ever matters because that still doesn’t explain why his new eye is capable of highlighting all loot and interactive objects within sight. (See also: Easy Mode) Furthermore, everyone in this game talks (non-stop) through clichés. Garrett used to have amazing dialogue but now just uses any opportunity he gets to point out the obvious. As for his protégé, Erin; they kept reusing her lines over and over in what seems like dream sequences. Dream sequences that you can’t skip. Last but not least, I must cover the most stereotypical villain of all time: The Thief-Taker General! (Greatname by the way) This scumbag will show up more often than Team Rocket to make sure he captures Garrett in the most inefficient manner possible. Please never do this again.Game Mechanics:Where do I start? When you map keys, don’t map similar ones to the same action. The same key that’s used to open a drawer, is also used to peek around the corner. This leads to frustrating situations. Then there’s the arrows. Oh thank the Trickster God that the rope arrow is back! What’s that, you say that you can only use them on certain designated spots? And if you ever miss with arrows, you can’t salvage them? Curse thee, O’Trickster Lord! In addition, the blackjack knocks people out using a long, drawn out scene – just in case anyone wants to take a picture. If you ever decide to collect 100% loot, don’t start thinking that the hub will display your current amount! Nah, you better get well acquainted with the F1 key and the game’s menu screen. That reminds me, the overworld map is very unconventional and inefficient; often zooming in as far as possible on your current room. Great, I’m in a moderately-sized rectangular-shaped room. What's the point? Last but not least, this game holds your hand from the moment you start to the very end. If using focus wasn’t enough, Garrett also feels the need to mention your current objective via dialogue.Story:You know those blogs that say “Welcome to my Twisted Mind”? This game’s story looks like it was entirely written by people running such blogs. This story is so simple and bland, I'm surprised it was ever approved. While I’m at it, why does one of the Chapters have you sneak through a brothel? Who thought “Hey, I know what a Thief game needs: Pr0stitutes!” If it’s not too much to ask, please keep the smut in fan-fictions and out of future Thief games. Let me wrap this up without spoiling too much. This game’s story makes very little sense to me – they want to usher in an era of progress and industrialism by holding a magical ceremony which corrupts the minds and bodies of humans?Concluding Remarks:This game takes elements from other games and tries to make Garrett something that he was never meant to be: a Steampunk Batman. There needs to be more of a focus on the stealth side and less on the quicktime events and action sequences. Give players back the freedom to interact with their environments and choose their own path towards multiple endpoints. Fix the glitches and get rid of transition points and LONG loading screens. If you want to reboot the Thief series, that is completelyFINE! But don’t erase everything that made it special. The Hammerites, the Pagans and the Keepers all contributed to Garrett’s development. My hope is that Thief will see another game in the franchise; one which develops Garrett’s origin story. This game will take us through his life; meeting Artemus, training with the Keepers, his eventual return to a life of thievery and finally it ends with the events preluding the Dark Project. Show us how he became a MASTER THIEF! It also would not hurt to have him be voiced by the talented Stephen Russell. This game is not bad as a standalone title, but it’s not a Thief game. Therefore, I give this game a score of 5/10."
,Not Recommended,239160,9359640,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TheManko,"It’s been a while since I played something as blatantly unfinished as Thief. At first the game appears reasonably well polished. But the further you get into the game you start noticing glaring issues with production values and design. I started out having a good time playing this, and in the second half of the game I was wishing it would just end.The first three Thief games set the bar as far as sound design goes. Everything from the droning ambient sound and music to the sound of walking on surfaces and NPC dialogue was as good as it gets in games. This Thief is like a joke compared to them. First off it’s just not done to an acceptable level of polish. You will often not be able to hear voice over from Garrett because some ambient sound or music overpowers his voice. Sometimes his voice over is even cut off early by the game transitioning to a load screen. It’s also lacking in finesse even when it’s working normally, as you often can’t tell where guards are. If you’re inside a building someone walking out on the street will sound like he’s just beside you in the room. Elevation, walls and such don’t seem to matter to the sound engine. It’s a critical problem in a stealth game where you’re always listening intently to tell where guards are before you see them. When you can’t trust your ears it becomes hard to believe in the world as a real place. For example the surfaces you walk on barely matter in Thief. Instead of clanking noise on metal you don't notice it. Cobble stones are no different from thick carpet. In the old Thief games you could almost feel how the material felt, just by the sound it made when you stepped on it. Here it's all the same. Not only does it make it harder to believe in the world, but it also robs the game of an entire layer of strategic thinking while navigating.Another issue with the game mechanics was the decision to ditch the old movement system, replacing it with the Assassin’s Creed system. So in order to run, jump, climb or vault object you hold down L2 (or the keyboard equivalent). The game decides for you which is the appropriate thing to do at the time. Over and over again this system did the opposite of what I wanted. Sometimes I wanted to stand on a ledge to get a better view of the environment, and instead Garrett leapt to his death, or vaulted right in front of a guard. Often I saw objects I thought I should be able to climb, but couldn’t. Or areas where I thought I should be able to jump down, but couldn’t because the ground below was uneven. This makes you feel constrained in what you can do. Especially later in the game when you’ve mastered all the basic game systems and would like to experiment with more inventive tactics. Many things in the game feel like the result of a hundred cooks meddling with the design and adding their own ideas. Presumably a faction of the Thief dev team pushed for Assassin’s Creed style navigation without realizing it meant robbing players of expression and ruining the endgame.What I found downright confusing in Thief was how bad the acting was. Most of the major characters like Garrett are fine. But far too much of the guard banter is embarrassing, like it was a fan dub instead of a professional release. The script doesn’t help, but in general the line delivery was shocking. The story as a whole hardly makes sense. A disease called the Gloom is terrorizing the city. But you don't see the effects of it in the game. I never had any clear idea what it was, how it manifested itself, or why anyone should care about it. It’s clear that the story was never finished in time. In the ending the last bit of gameplay cuts into a pre-rendered cutscene which doesn’t match what was happening in the scene at all. As if they were part of different revisions of the script, and they weren't allowed the time to bring them in sync. As it is now the ending feels like two halves of different scenes spliced together with no regard for continuity.The signs that this wasn’t ready to ship are everywhere. You have a focus ability in the game which highlights objects and traps in the world. One might assume that this is intended as a help for novice players to navigate the world easier. But as it turns out the developers used it as a crutch to cut corners on level design. Some traps don’t have visual markers in the world and are only visible using focus. Interactive objects like rope arrow spots are almost impossible to spot without it. There’s a minimap in the game, which is also a must if you want to find the stores in the city to buy and sell upgrades. While playing Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2 I noticed they used player assists in a similar fashion. Not to help new players, but to prop up crappy unfinished designs to a level somewhat suitable for human consumption. I hope this isn’t a trend for the future of AAA games. I want thoughtful and well executed designs. Not some shambling wreck held together with tape and glue in the form of waypoints, minimaps and glowing highlights in the environment. Is it really that hard to do this right?During my first couple sessions I thought I would be able to recommend this as I was having a good time. Maybe get it when it’s cheap."
,Not Recommended,239160,16769670,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,interFaZer,"Note: this is the first Thief game I've ever played and I'm disappointed. I can't imagine how disappointed a loyal fan of the series could be.Underwhelming and boringGoes to show graphics aren't everything in a game.✓ Great graphics✓ Good voice acting✓ Nice stealth mechanics✓ Plenty of collectibles and challenges✓ It lives up to its name, STEAL ALL THE THINGS!✗ Mediocre gameplay✗ As linear as it gets✗ Crappy story✗ Very dumbed down for consoles✗ Full of hand-holding✗ Combat sucks✗ Although V.O. is good, the writing is BAD✗ Little to no room to explore✗ Overall a tryhard gamePersonal thoughtsThis game is a mess. It's like dunkey said:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYou know nowadays game developers, before they're even done developing the core game they wanna go out and add every single feature from every game they've ever seen.It's like making a pizza and there'sno cheeseon it, but now they wanna go ahead and add mushrooms, then they're bringing on the spinach on there, uh... peruvian onions from like underground layer, sliced banana peppers... then they're bringing in some olives and like roast beef... ughh like mosquitoes......and then you just have thisabominationthat nobody should eat and it costs $60.Thief could've been such a fantastic stealth/stealing based game, but it's like that wasn't enough so they put some parkour gimmicks. It still wasn't enough so they shoved in a RPG like system (perks, puzzles and upgrades)... but they forgot about the combat. Dear god the combat system is SO bad you'll actively avoid being seen just so you don't have to caress the enemies with your blackjack. Did I mention that arrows are unlootable? You can only purchase them and you'll run out pretty fast, so forget about archery.The missions are incredibly linear and they feel more like a chore as you progress. Every time you discover a new map there's this impressive aerial view of the place... it makes you think ""so much room to discover!"" but nope, it's all a small sandbox with some alternate routes to make you think there's strategy involved.And what's with all the illogical stuff throughout the game? Like why the hell does Garrett keep using the claw if he insults Erin for relying on it? Why is the city full of meshes and scratched wooden spots for me to escape? It's not like they're hidden... any guard can see them and it's pretty clear they're used by thieves.Why do I keep the most valuable treasures instead of selling them and living the high life with my dirty money? Or moving to a city without a plague, for that matter. I could go on, but I think you get the idea. I really tried to like this game, I really tried, but I ended up getting bored.NoteworthyIf you want parkour, play Mirror's EdgeIf you want stealth, play DishonoredIf you want an RPG, play SkyrimJust don't bother with Thief."
,Recommended,239160,19816792,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:ThiefOriginal Release:2014Genre Tags:Stealth; Action; First-Person; Atmospheric; AestheticMy Overall Grade:B+Estimated Playtime (Campaign):10-25 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseursREVIEWI’m going to begin by saying that I understand some people with specific tastes may legitimately dislike this game, and they are entitled to their opinion and I respect that.  But I also believe some of the excessive negativity that surrounds this game is exacerbated by an overly vocal group of “Debbie Downers.”  At the time of writing this: the data shows that more than two-out-of-three people who took time to review this game enjoyed it; but there are mostly negative reviews as the “most helpful” on the store page.  So it seems the people who disliked the gamereallywant you to know about it, even though there is evidence that suggests that there are more people who liked it than who didn’t. And so this review may receive a load of critique by those who refuse to respect my opinion even though I’m able to respect theirs, but that is OK.  All I know for sure is that: I likedThief.Is this game different from the early installments of theThieffranchise? Yes.  It has no doubt been modernized to appeal to a wider audience of gamers and not just the hardcore stealth fans (i.e.: it is easier).  Still, if you take the time to set up a custom difficulty, you can remove much of the “hand-holding” and make the game quite punishing.  Nevertheless, I can empathize with everyone who was let down by this game being too mainstream by default and not staying true to the established traditions.Thiefis semi-linear, undoubtedly, especially during the individual levels; although there is a decent amount of freedom to explore The City.  The thing is: you certainly won’t get stuck spending 3 hours lost in the sewers like you may have in the older games.Thiefis far less enigmatic than the earlier installments.  Some long term fans are upset by this, and you may be too— and that is your prerogative.  That said, there are also a lot of people who don’t want to spend a whole evening of gameplay being lost on one level in one game, especially if they only have a limited amount of hours of free time in which to play games.So it is true that this game is quite different than the early editions in the franchise.  It does hold your hand in the default state (although you can turn off most assistance in the options and difficulty settings).  And it is rather linear.  You have every right to dislike that and dislike this game.  But maybe you are one of the many gamers who just wants to relax and play a game for a few hours after working all day.  Maybe you are looking to go on an intriguing adventure, want to be told a story, and don’t feel like getting lost or frustrated on the way.  Well then maybe you should giveThiefa try.I felt the most captivating aspect of the game was the stellar atmosphere of the gameworld.  The ambiance is mysterious, violent, dark, and mystifying.  The high production value of the graphics and soundscape went a long way to reinforce the air of quality inherent to the game’s atmosphere.  Moreover, even if many other aspects failed, I thought the ambiance of the game stayed true to the established traditions of the franchise.The narrative isn’t the most riveting piece of writing to grace the realm of video games, but it is mildly interesting and serves to give some purpose to the gameplay.  The gameplay itself is fun.  With the custom difficulty settings you really can take the driver’s seat in determining how casual or grueling of an experience you want.  The controls are smooth and intuitive, and there aren’t any painful flaws that will cause you to accidentally be spotted.There are plenty of collectibles, secrets, and achievements if you are into that kind of thing.  There are also a large amount of sidequests which can really open up and expand the game if you choose to pursue them.Thiefis a pretty fun game, but certainly isn’t a masterpiece.  It is quite mainstream, and definitely has stepped out from the hardcore stealth realm of the earlier editions in the franchise.  If you just want to play a nice atmospheric game with a high production value and have some fun, you can definitely find that here.  If you want traditional hardcoreThiefgameplay, you may be disappointed— although you may also want to consider trying the custom difficulty before you blindly dismiss it. It has some flaws and minor annoyances, but overall it can be a rather enjoyable experience. Regardless, this is definitely the type of game where you are going to have to determine your own preferences and decide if you want to try it or not.  All I know for sure is that: I likedThief.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,239160,9262542,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,✠ SongBird ✠,"You know there are two kinds of review you should take into consideration when you have a reboot for an oldschool game like Thief. There are the the people who are hardcore fans and are looking for the game they know and love, then there are the new players who are looking for a good game in general. I am new player, I have never played a Thief game before this so obviously I speak for the 2nd group of players. So far this game is very fun and unique among my game library. I am glad to see this game sticks to its guns and focuses on actual thievery and isnt combat such as Assassins Creed or Dishonored, fighting multiple enemys is suicide and stealth is always the best option. There is also the ability to customize the difficulty in any way that suits your playstyle to make it harder or easier, by chooseing harder settings boosts your score and rewards you for playing hardcore. Another feature I like seems to be similar to Splinter Cell, after a mission you receive a score based on three catagorys (Ghost, Predator, Opportunist). My only beef with this game so far is that its a little linear and the maps seem small compared to a game like Dishonored. Its just my preference, its nothing against the game. As long as a game maintains a strong story and good mechanics then being linear is fine, being a linear game seems like a bad thing these days and to me its just one method to telling a story.On to the second part of this review.When I was reading reviews on metacritic today I noticed that about 90% of the negative reviews were about how ""modern"" it was or how it was a crappy addition to the series. Now I can understand why people might be disapointed in the direction a game might take but it doesnt make it right to give it a 0/10. Fact is that this is a quality game and plenty of effort was put into developing it, thats all I can ask for."
76561197970600723,Not Recommended,239160,25950333,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[[Soozey]],"Normally it would be hyperbole for a fan of a franchise to say this but... I really think this is the worst game I've ever played. With a decade of feedback on how to make your game, it's astronomically improbable to get it wrong this much accidentally. You have to know what to do right to get it all so wrong.These are my impressions of the game on the hardest difficulty with Focus disabled.Pros:Built-in performance benchmarking tool.Objects are easily recognizable as loot. No loot glint necessary.Instant hotkey for using healing items.Cons:AI:NPC's can't detect anything even slightly above them, visually or aurally.1st level alerts of enemies often end with the enemy dismissing the alert as ""just their imagination"" -but they will remain in an alerted state where they are convinced that a thieving intruder is in the area.NPC's can completely forget a chased intruder just 10 seconds since the last confirmed sighting.NPC's don't even comment on -let alone get alerted by missing valuables.Player can dodge all enemy melee attacks while standing still, but when enemies throw things at you, they hit with 90% accuracy regardless of how far you are and how fast you're moving.Animations:Literally every type of interaction with the environment and objects is a pre-animated sequence that takes away the player's control.This amount of animation-centric design causes many compromises, like the inability to open a box from the wrong side. The animation only exists for the front side.Controls to exit to menu or load a save are locked during death animation.Audio:Footstep sounds are totally absent at random locations.All sounds become totally muted when you enter certain areas, and ambient sounds change instantly on the edge between areas instead of fading into the distance.Sound propagation doesn't exist in 99% of the areas in the levels. Sounds travel through solid rock, and sometimes fail to travel past a few pillars.NPC foosteps are often difficult to hear. The earlier games relied on the player's ability to determine NPC locations based on sound.NPC conversations repeat indefinitely and the sequence of lines can get scrambled. NPCs can forget to deliver their lines, resulting in a strange nonsensical monologue.Conversations where the NPCs are hidden inside buildings follow no rules of sound propagation or stereo hearing. It sounds like they're talking inside your head.Looking through keyholes mutes the area you're in. You only hear what's on the other side.Cutscene audio volume is totally messed up. Characters speak too quietly, or NPCs in the environment talk over the main characters.Contextual interaction:Activating objects can accidentally put you into peeking mode (picking up items, dragging bodies, opening containers).Jumping restricted to pre-programmed spots.Dropping down from ledges arbitrarily requires- or doesn't require the use of the ""drop""-key. Player gets false sense of security and can fall off ledges that normally wouldn't allow that.Swooping can accidentally make you climb an obstacle.Rope arrows only stick to specific points, but you can still shoot them at anything and waste them.Controls do different things in certain situations (press cancel to drop even though there is a drop-key).Knockouts are contextual. Blackjack can't be selected manually like the bow.The only difference between a container closet and a hiding closet is visual appearance, and you can't cancel a transition into a hiding closet.Control:Mouse smoothing that can't be disabled.Object targeting is designed for analog controllers with inaccurate aiming, making it harder to target exact objects with more precise mouse control.Unrelated actions can be bound to the same key.Contextual actions can't be bound to separate keys.No hotkey for Map screen.Combination locks have infuriating controls. It would be so much better to just target a dial and activate to turn.Handholding:NPC:s arbitrarily stand by until player has obeyed the demands of tutorials.No option to disable tutorial messages, no option for ""Don't show this message again"".Mission objectives are indicated by icons on the map, and the in-game information that leads you to your goal mostly doesn't exist. The game assumes that everyone relies on the icons.Overpowered automap can be disabled in options, but it also gets rid of the on-screen compass.Player can disable Focus-system, but the Focus-gimmick is integrated as part of the lore and Focus powerups can still be picked up in the levels.Garrett uses monologue to reveal things to the player that he couldn't possibly know beforehand. Players aren't made to find that info themselves.Optional eavesdropping is sometimes replaced by cutscenes that forcefully highlight the relevant info for the player.Keys to unpickable locks are found in the absolute immediate vicinity of the lock.Searching for secret switches is a special gameplay mode that activates from a wide area. Previous games forced players to find small hidden switches.Lightning flashes are timed exactly with little to no variation, and there's a small warning flash before each big one.Interface:Savegames are categorized nonsensically, with a list of huge items where only a few are visible at the same time.Map screen has no option of switching pages. If you go into a house, you can't view city map.Player needs to navigate several menus to read documents even right after finding them in the game.Player can disable lockpicking overlay and play just fine, but not the frame-searching overlay.Stealth shroud effect on screen can't be disabled, but the light gem can. Both should be optional.Light gem is in the corner of the screen, far from your center of focus.Most loading screens are disguised as narrow pathways that waste your time. If you have a fast SSD, you are still forced to wait. On top of that, they havebutton-mash QuickTime Events.Mechanics:Shooting mechanics with the bow have no projectile drop, and string doesn't need to be drawn to fire off a shot. Easy to accidentally waste arrows.Rope arrows can't be recovered from where you've attached them.The one officially recognized form of melee combat is the modern equivalent of an unintended strategy of strafe-bashing with the blackjack in Thief:TDP.Can't aim flashbombs. Only option is to drop one at your feet.Disarming traps is the only supported way of avoiding them due to the inability to jump over pressure plates.Only unpickable locks have keys. If a lock is pickable, you have to pick it. There are no regular keys in the entire game. Consequently, locks can never be relocked.Many side areas or side quests don't have enough loot to make up for the expendable tools used to get there.Stealth:No matter how stealthily you play, Garrett gets caught multiple times in a cutscene outside the player's control.The amount of lighting that makes you visible to NPCs seems to change arbitrarily. Sometimes very dark areas fail to hide you, and other times you become invisible in well-lit areas.Only a few specific types of objects can alert NPCs when you bump into them. Vases falling over alert them, but kicking around a shovel or a bucket doesn't, even though they do make noise.Ground material has no effect on how loud your footsteps are. Only shards of glass and shallow water make your footsteps loud.Swooping is faster than running, but makes almost no noise.Some objects do not cast shadows from NPC-carried light sources. This can get the player in trouble."
76561198108104820,Recommended,239160,32278860,Posted: 8 June,all,Aghyad,With all the ups and downs that this game has I would still recommend it.Pros:-Very good stealth game-Difficulty level is fair (also adjustable)Cons:-Weak story-Empty and boring city (gets annoying after a while when trying to get from point A to point B)-Confusing mapOverall: 3.5/5
76561198075991490,Not Recommended,239160,24525504,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MintyFox,"If this were a stealth game with none of the ""Thief"" branding...It would only be somewhat passable. For the sake of my sanity I couldn't go into everything that is so wrong about Thief 4, but to have the nerve to reboot this series as if they could do it better and produce this generic gumbo soup of all of the worst modern video game cliches and boardroom concoctions of what would sell best, is an outrage.First, the story. The story is a joke, not only will you probably not know whats going on but you will not care even the slightest because it is so clumbsy, so poorly stitched together, right down to improperly synced voices and cutscenes that abrutly start and end like a bad commercial. The game revolves around a girl named Erin, an immediately unlikable angsty teen girl with all of the cliches you'd expect right down to ""I'm not a kid anymore"". Your experience with her whenever she appears to further the story is a girl ripped straight from 2016 thrown into a bland, unimaginative historical setting, just to throw a tantrum and behave totally irrationally. You don't care for Erin, yet the game seems to think you should have this bond with her while giving you ever reason to hate her and still never bother to include any context for why shes there. Shes simply a plot device to a further a story thats is painfully dull and shallow.Not only did Thief decide to reject the supernatural elements of the past games, but they replaced it and the lore with nothing more than a religious zealot who wants to control whatever the hell ""primal"" is supposed to be and rejected Resident Evil wall crawlers that behave like discount clickers from the last of us. There is no imagination in this game, there is no care or interest or love of the series that came before it. If there were, they wouldn't have systematically rejected every core tennant and game design element of those games.You'll spend your entire adventure doing nothing else but walking up behind guards and activating a painfully repetitive takedown animation which is so popular among big budget games today. Because why would simply swing your blackjack and knock out a guard when you could wait for a command prompt to allow you to activate their TOTALLY BAD♥♥♥♥♥animation which comes coupled with a sound effect so loud you'd think stealth wasn't a priority. That is one of the most frustrating parts of Thief, the animations tied to every single action you perform, from opening a drawer to picking up a coin, every one of them is paired with this 2 second animation that slows down picking up nickels and dimes to a crawl. In previous Thieves if you were to happen upon a chest with loot, you could pick up everything in that chest in as much time as it would take you to grab a single silver cup in Thief. To add to the frustration, the same command prompt for looting is the same one that locks you into peaking around cornes. You'll find yourself more often than not peering around a desk or shutting a door while you try to loot from a desk or the purse off a guard.Strategy is not necessary. In previous Thief games you were given a wide tool set from moss arrows, fire arrows, water arrows, noise maker arrows to rope arrows, however in Thief 4, you'll occassionally use water arrows and absolutely nothing else. There is no tactical use or requirement for any of your equipment. You'll get from the start of the game to the end with just ""Press Q to TAKEDOWN"", the same guards, over and over and over again. Rope arrows have even been downgraded from sensibly being used on wood surfaces to specifically designated wooden beams with a glowing blue rope tied around it to tell you, ""use your rope arrow here to get to this place"" which is generally just a single piece of loot or an alternate path which really doesn't change anything in terms of navigation.The world design has gone from an realistically designed location to a video gamey linear map that simply gives you a couple of different paths that take you to the same location. You can't get lost, you can't roam, you are given the illusion of an open map while really everything is walled in and blocked off to funnel you to the end. To make matters worse, instaed of a hand drawn map that clues you in as much as Garrett knows about the location, forcing you to become involved in your surroundings and navigate by landmark, they just give you a mini map with quest markers. Despite the fact the levels are basically hallways, they still float indicators all over the screen telling you exactly where to go and exactly where you are. The map alone indicates the greatest reason why Eidos Montreal knows so little or cares so little about Thief and what it is.They simply took a popular, respected name in the video game industry and recycled it into this generic, consolized, casualized mess of modern game cliches. At times you'll be running parkour across rooftops while things explode around you and others you'll jarringly be in 3rd person climbing up pipes and grates like Uncharted. They tried to rip off every popular modern game and stir it up into one game because they figured it would return the most profit. It's an incredibly lazy effort, in fact the ending to this game is so empty, you can literally feel the interest of the devs trail off to a roll credit because they just did not care anymore and needed to finish it for release. I could go on and on about all of the ways this game fails not only the Thief name, but game design in general. Eidos Montreal does not get it, they did not care, they cashed in on Thief and left a stain on the integrity of the series. Nothing about the game indicates fans of the series worked on this project. there is nothing about this game that indicates the developers even played the previous games.They removed Stephen Russel, the iconic voice of Garrett and replaced him with a generic angsty male that turns this now vampiric, emaciated looking Garrett into any other bland, brooding protagonist. Their excuse for this was they needed a motion cap performance that would sync up with the acting, but nowhere in this game does that ever present as either a necessity or even a feature. There is not a single moment in this game that an actor needed to record his lines while doing motion capture work, further insult to injury, but perhaps its best Stephen Russel was not attached to this poor excuse for a Garrett.Bottom line this is a soulless, effortless, completely awful cash grab that did not respect its IP."
,Not Recommended,239160,18387358,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,meow,"Dear fellow thieves,I don't know where to start. Where... to start the rant.I seriously loved the first three Thief-titles. I own them all (already before Steam was invented) and still got every huge Eurobox standing next to me. I had much fun with them and I played Thief-the dark project like 30 times. (After writing this review I started again to play the trilogy...*cough*)Now a new Thief was released. And what shall I say?It looks pretty? It takes the stealth-genre to a new level? It will become one of the best games of all times?NOPE! It is... a betrayal to all fans and Looking Glass Studios is surely rotating in it's grave...Gameplay:This game is way to easy. The guards that shall defeat you are dumb as nuts. Oh, don't forget they might see you from time to time through a solid wall and kill you without seeing them.This game is so small... Smaller than a birdcage. The levels of the three earlier titles were huge. Amazingly huge and you were able to go (almost) everywhere. And now I try to go somewhere else than developers want me to in their linear-levels? Nope! I even can't jump where I want!Fighting has become ""Smash X as hard as you can, motherxxxxer"". That's it. nothing more. Oh wait, you have a bow. And you get special reward for headshots (Chapter 1). SERIOUSLY? If you are a thief, shouldn't you try to avoid drawing attention?And steal as much as you can? And I mean STEAL something, not just ink.....Another huge dissappopintment are the enemy units. There are guards, several types of guards (some have a torch, some a sword and some a bow, few a good armor). And some creepy guys (which they are is not clearly explained in my eyes). Those creatures ruin the atmosphere of some levels. And that's pretty it.Also the talk of the guards are constantly repeating. Funny for the first moment, it goes boring after hearing it fir the tenth time.And well... just look, we have a minimap (a point I consequently find irritating already in ""Thief - deadly shadows""). This game takes place in which era? Seriously, they have just invented electrical light and Garret already uses radar...? (as Always, Garret is/was ahead of his time....)Technical:What made the Thief-series so famous were their footsteps. Yes, their footsteps. You were able to hear where an enemy was, which ground he walks AND he was also able to hear YOU! In this game... footsteps?Oh and well you can't even hear if someone is a mile away or stands right behind you. So the sound is a complete mess.Another point I might add: music. The background music. Too electronic and soulless in my eyes. Doesn't fit in many situations, but that is just my opinion. WUB WUB WUB! Need I say more?Also I was confronted by several bugs and glitches. Not even fixed yet (four months after release). A disgrace. Game seems not to have been finished. Seriously?Graphics... the game looks good. Still don't know why the game needs to load every 10 meters.Story:Wait.... there is no actual story. This is... I don't even know what I should say without cursing and swearing.It's not even a spoiler, when I say: Energy crisis=> Magical stone explodes => your girl gets affected by explosion => look for her => find her => she dies? (The ending is just... CUT! Open end, wait for the next title!) => FIN.Conclusion:This is no stealth-game or even a THIEF-game. This is a disgrace to fans of the series.Shame on you, Eidos. shame on you."
76561198119291238,Not Recommended,239160,14299245,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Qaxe,"“Thief” is so disappointing on so many levels.Pros: Excellent visual aesthetic. Scenery looks phenomenal and the sense of dampness, filth, lighting, and props lend a lot toward immersion. Weaponry, though limited, is interesting. Sneaking around is quite fun.Cons: Linear, closed world. Narrow, almost claustrophobic corridor for exploration. Climbing tools are made available and fun to use but you may only climb in certain areas related to the path you are forced to take in the game. No clambering up on random boxes, roofs or pipes even if they look identical to the ones you are allowed to climb on. The world is very static, with a limited amount of interaction. Most doors cannot be opened. There is one story and you have to follow it or quit the game. I knew the game wouldn't be as open as Skyrim but was expecting at least the level of freedom that was available in a game like Dishonored, or maybe even Assassin's Creed. The game is gorgeous to look at, but it feels pointless. Not what I expect a game to be like in this decade.The game is called Thief, you play a thief... but stealing loot is merely incidental, whereas listening to conversations and looking through knotholes for clues that lead you through the story is far more important. At most the player is just a kleptomaniac. The game should be called “Voyeur”. The only sense of real accomplishment to be found is in not being seen – being a “Ghost”. There is no enjoyment in collecting riches because there is very little to purchase with your coin. As for loot, it's repetitive and placed is utterly illogical places. The city is in squalor, yet you can find a sterling brush just sitting on a crate next to a vagrant or a golden cup on a secluded rooftop. There are special items to be found but in the end it's all about how sneaky you are, not how much you were able to steal.Finally, a word on violence. I like both non-violent and violent games, though I prefer the latter. This game provides many opportunities for violence and the overall violent atmosphere of the game actually provokes the player to act on it, yet he player is penalized for using violence, and ultimately for even being seen. It's like putting candy on the table and telling a kid not to eat it.Summary: This game had enormous potential but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it away. You pay $50 to be teased and ultimately let down. Use your $50 to go on a date."
,Recommended,239160,12658196,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Chukapi,"I've never felt so conflicted about a game in my whole life. On the one hand, there are so many elements I really like about Thief, but then there is a lot that I really dislike. I am a newcomer to the Thief series and intend to play the originals (just started the original) so I cannot really give comparisons, and I know that many die hard fans of the originals disregard this reboot. But I will offer my honest opinion as a gamer.Things I like:•  Gameplay.Engaging, fast-paced, satisfying, responsive, fairly varied.This is the number one element that makes or breaks it in a game for me. Thief, I feel, nailed it pretty well.I found the controls to be very responsive, so playing with Garrett literally feels like you are a thief sneaking around. I enjoyed the way Garrett interacts with the environment, whether it be to provide cover, create distractions, access secret areas, douse lights, reach new parts of the town, eliminate noise, etc. etc. Very fun and kept me engaged. Plus, I'm a sucker for open world and looting.I personally felt very anxious anytime there were a number of guards in the area, and did my best to stay hidden which was really enjoyable for me. I thoroughly enjoyed pick pocketing, luring them away, performing takedowns (both on the ground and aerial). Very satisfying.I quite like the variety of items, even if I didn't use some of them much/at all. I felt like it offered a good choice of actions, allowing me to proceed however I chose. I also appreciated the stock limits in shops; later in the game, I found myself running out of stuff a lot and trying to conserve stuff for when I really needed it, which offered a bit of a challenge.I found that it sometimes got a little repetitive, but there was enough of a variation of areas and required play styles between chapters to keep me engaged.• VisualsI kind of go back and forth about how I feel about Thief's environments. They are quite samey for the most part, but there were times when I'd look out of a window or across from a roof and see all these really awesome environments and think ""Wow, this is pretty cool."" The visuals are, I must say, very immersive.The graphics are great, but I had a LOT of frame rate issues.I customised my lighting a bit to get it nice and dark (and always played with dimmed lights) to really immerse myself, which worked well for me. There was a particular part (chapter 6 I think) where you escape from X location, and the escape sequence is really great visually. Fire everywhere, crumbling buildings, floor, wood, etc.Most importantly, I'm a sucker for Garrett. His character model is really cool and, again, immersive. Anytime I'm sneaking around, picking a lock, opening a safe, searching for trick switches and you get a look at his chipped, dirty fingernails and leather gloves, I really feel like I'm a thief looting in a dirty, degrading city. Plus, those aerial takedowns when you catch a glimpse of him fully masked in his black leather suit are awesome. ""That's me, being a badass!""• DifficultyI have often heard people say that the game is too easy. Perhaps, but I played on Thief difficulty (medium) and I still found it to be a challenge. I became immersed in Garrett's character and like him opted to never kill (unless it was those certain enemies...people who've played far enough will know what I mean :P). Hence, I played purely stealthily, which offered a nice challenge for me personally. I found myself often reloading quick saves to make sure I was satisfied with my play through and that I had found all loot. If you blaze through the game aggressively, then yes it is easy. Play the game how it urges you to - stealthily - and it's a good challenge.Things I dislike:•  StoryThere is SO much freaking missed potential here. I cannot give the story any praise because it's just so choppy and awkwardly told. It expects the player to assume things and fill in the gaps - gaps which were obvious, but should be told by the characters to give character development to Garrett and other characters.As I said, there was potential for something really interesting, but as soon as it starts picking up speed, it comes to an abrupt halt. I cared nothing for any of the characters, not even Erin. Only Garrett, and that's because, as I said earlier, I felt like I was really him.I can't say more of course, just in case there are people who want to play and experience the story for themselves, but don't expect anything fantastic there. It's a let down to say the least.• RepetitionAs I've said earlier, the visuals and gameplay are sometimes very samey. I don't really have more to say there, but it can make the game a little tiresome at times. Fortunately, I had the patience and the gameplay gave me enough enjoyment to keep playing.• Immersion-breaking bugs, glitches, cheapness. Aggravating AI.The number one bug I kept experiencing was repeated dialogue from NPCs nearby. If I have to hear about how this guy rolled with Polly Addler one more time, I'm seriously going to put an arrow in his skull. It really got on my nerves, especially because the subtitles kept playing on the screen over and over, or the dialogue came up at the wrong time when Garrett was talking and I'd want to hear him rather than some repeat conversation about how some guy is worried he's getting the Gloom.I had a few instances of enemies lagging and appearing next to me, being hit by projectiles through walls, being seen through walls, glitches in the AI, character model getting stuck and having to reload the game, falling off/through platforms when I shouldn't have, NEVER being able to get on damn ropes until I was at the precise angle, and other little annoyances.Sometimes I'd close a door by accident when trying to peek, alerting a nearby guard to my presence. Very minor, but very annoying.• Side questsBecause the world is pretty open, there was a lot of potential here for some varied side quests. Unfortunately, this did not happen. They are VERY samey - go to X, get this loot, done. All of them, with a slightly different description of why you're doing it. The only side quests I got vaguely interested in was the client quests, where there are actually characters talking to you about what to do, why they want you to do it etc. But there were only 6, and that was just between 2 people. Huge let down. As a completionist, I finished all side quests, but was very let down.• Chapter 5I can't say much for those who want to play this game, but let's just say the tone of the game takes a very dramatic turn and it's really jarring. It was technically a really great chapter, but I suddenly felt like I was playing a different game. I also felt that there was a massive difficulty spike here (in the later part of the chapter) and I was just simply not prepared ammo-wise.Overall comments:I really do recommend this game, purely because the gameplay is really fun, and to me that is the purpose of a game. I can overlook poor storytelling, issues with graphics, and some minor glitches if I ultimately have a great experience and feel immersed in the world, which I truly did."
,Not Recommended,239160,34470488,Posted: 24 August,all,James,"Allow me to preface by saying that Thief isn't a bad game. It's not good, by any stretch of the imagination, but it's not bad. It's playable, and somewhat enjoyable. It's such a shame, then, that's there's just so much wrong with it.Firstly, if you're feeling nostalgic for the old games you should absolutely stay well away - as I'm sure you've heard many times before. This, quite literally, doesn't feature the Garrett you know and love. In fact, despite seeming to follow through with the end of Deadly Shadows, it turns out that this 'Erin' isn't who you think she is. And neither are you. You're some other 'master thief' named Garrett, with nobody seeming to have heard of the former master thief of the same name. Just like good old Garrett you also don't get to keep your eye, although this is due to a slightly different brand of freaky.So why else might a die-hard Thief purist want to avoid this particular title? A complete lack of familiar factions, for one. Pagans? Hammerites? Keepers? Who even are these people? The Hammerites get references to their dismantling scattered throughout, but they really have no real significance to the story.With that cleared up I should probably state that, whilst these things irked me, I didn't find them to be major issues and I do not base my choice not to recommend based on these.The story of Thief follows a growing rebellion within The City in response to disease and hardship imposed by a rather unpopular chap referred to as Baron Northcrest. After having lost Erin and apparently having gone missing for a year (and no, you never do find out how on earth this happens - only the initial event prior to the disappearance) you immediately set out to locate Erin. As you might expect from this start, there really no shocking twists or revelations. The story remains hugely predictable and unimaginative. Oh, and the ending is atrocious. Perhaps they were going for the 'crime doesn't pay and your entire life, including any supernatural events, must therefore be terrible' angle, but I was left feeling absolutely nothing. And I'm the sort to cry at just about anything.Compared with the original series, the reboot offers much greater mobility and speed. You'll find that you have access to rooftops and pathways that could offer you a good amount of freedom in your approaches. This is certainly where Thief shines over both its predecessors and other stealth games.""But if the gameplay's so good, why not recommend?"" I hear you cry? Well, that's the problem. It's not 'so good'. Although you have many approaches to take they'll all often end up being more or less the same anyway - and it's like this by design, since the developers had to account for their grading system. It's simply an illusion of freeform thievery.That aside, the mobility is not all good. There 's a lot to it that simply makes the game far too easy to play. If I can simply press A to slide quickly from shadow-to-shadow, why would I even consider running between exposed spots to gain an advantage? Everyone's near-blind, anyway.All the components for a good game are certainly here, but they just don't contribute much to the experience. Especially when much of the game's main story is based around escape sequences and dramatic explosions that really don't mesh with the stealth gameplay you expect.Perhaps the biggest issue is the sound system. Volume scaling just doesn't happen - it's either on or off. Objects block sound strangely, and the effects layer in pretty nonsensical ways. Listening for footsteps is just out of the question - which is practically the ultimate deal breaker in this kind of stealth game.I'd love so much to recommend this. The fluidity of movement is game-changing (for the better). If only the rest of the game had been so well-designed. I suppose the real reason anybody might want to play this particular title is that it's actually incredibly pretty. All the visual bells and whistles are there and the environments, whilst definitely not enticing, are simply gorgeously put together - creating a suitably oppressive atmosphere, even in places where their grandeur is the focus.I certainly know I won't be revisiting this any time soon, despite the clear efforts put in to encourage replayability. It'll be a shame to see the custom difficulty features go to waste as they inevitably shall."
76561197970841137,Not Recommended,239160,15572095,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Grendel,"Like my jazz band director used to say:  ""A for effort, F for execution"".  The new Thief is visually beaufiul but mechanically effed up.  The minute F bombs were dropped in the game, I was supremely disappointed.  Now, I'm not a saint but nary was there ONE inkling of a curse word in the series.  Shock and awe don't work in the world of Thief and it's not a game that needs to conform to the latest trend.  The gameplay, atmosphere and story in the originals were so good that nudity, sex and violence weren't needed.  I feel like a company took one of those classics that FORCED you to rethink how you play games and mainstreamed it.  Kind of like if somebody took a great forward thinker in music and said ""Play more like (insert sellout band here)"".An addendum to the review is below since people couldn't read every other bad review that stated what I had to regurgitate.The guards?!?  Straight yanked from Dishonored.  No originality here.  *waves hand*  These really aren't the Thief you're looking for"
,Not Recommended,239160,14652080,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,risbolla,this game is to thief what invisible war was to deus ex
76561198119753073,Recommended,239160,25614193,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Richter,"I agree, this game is not what a Thief game should be. They really could have worked on making this game more like the original Thief games with a better story, original voice actor, as well as larger and more open levels with tons of exploration.However...I see people calling this game the worst game they ever played. Really? I have played the original Thief games and this game definitely does not live up to those classics. But I still had some fun with this game. It's still a good game but it's not a good Thief game. People are overreacting calling this a piece of sh*t or a horrible game. If you take the game for what it is, it's really not that bad and has some fun to be had.I really enjoyed exploring the city as well as finding loot in small nooks and crannies. 100% ghosting missions was satisfying as well. This game also has one of the most scariest levels I have played in any game!Thief is a good game; it sucks that we were not able to see this game meet its full potential and be a true Thief sequel."
,Not Recommended,239160,32154686,Posted: 3 June,all,Creatismus,"When it first released, I kinda liked it and didn't see why it was hated. Then I immediately lost interest in it after 4 hours. And now that I have played a bit of the first Thief game, I can see why this game isn't good. It's simply uninspired, uninventive, uncreative, and lots of other adjectives that begin if un."
,Not Recommended,239160,13060697,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Snort Cannon,Thief is back. After a long period of waiting and hopes we finnaly got a new Thief game but will you want to play this or stick to the classics ? In Thief you play as Garret. Garret is the master Thief. One day when you and youre friend Erin are hired to steal a stone from a secret cult everything goes wrong. Erin dissapears and Garret falls asleep for 2 years. When you wake up you find that the entire city has gone to hell and its up to you to figure out what happend when you went into the coma. So how is the new Thief ? This game is Bad and it pains me to say that. Thief has done so much to the stealth genre but this time i can only say bad things about this title. Lets begin with the gameplay. The gameplay is a way more clunky version of the stealth you see in Dishonored and you have the ability to quickly go to a place without getting spotted just like Blink. The Visuals are bland and depressing to look at. The Story is probably one of the worst i have ever seen period. The story is all over the place and never focuses on one thing and it throws in too much so its all over the place. The charecters are all boring and dull and you dont care who dies or who lives. The game also has horrific level desing and its probably the most confusing layout i have ever seen. Overall theres not much good to say about Thief. Its Boring Dull and repetative. Only get this on a sale if youre kinda interested. Otherwise just stay away. I give Thief a 4/10For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!
,Recommended,239160,28572155,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Smug Pug,"Thief is a stealth oriented exploration game about stealing stuff and finding and completing collectible sets. Thats about it. While stealth isn't necessarily required (it's possible to shoot every target you see with your bow) it is encouraged by the means of challenges. I understand the critique that has been thrown at Thief and although i do agree with most of it, i still had a fun time with it. I should also state that i'm a new player to the Thief franchise and have never played the older classic games.PROS:- Visually the game is very impressive with some of the best shadows i have ever seen.- The performance was solid all the way through, with my fps going up to 150 (Averaging at about 110-120) and never dipping below 60. (I'm running an i5 @ 3.4 GHz CPU with a 1070 GPU)- Gameplay is fun and engaging with a huge arsenal of arrows to manipulate your environment.- Voice Acting was great on most characters and sidecharacters (especially Garrett)- Puzzle design was unique and just difficult enough to keep me invested.- Overall the sound design was fitting and thematic.- The difficulty customization is a fantastic addition and allows you to completely design your own playthough. Think the game is too easy and you can easily pass a level by simply knocking out all the guards? Remove knockouts with an add-on. How about a modifier that instantly fails you when you get detected?CONS:- The story and characters are ""meh"" and makes it really hard to get involved in the world.- While challenging at some parts overall the game is easy. Levels can be passed by staying in the shadows and just shooting guards in the the head with your bow and arrows or by just sneaking in behind them and knocking them out with your blackjack (most of these problems can be fixed with the difficulty customization options though)- Level design, while not awful, is not as expansive and varied as i would have liked (there is basically 2-3 ways to complete every level)- The main storyline takes you about 8-10 hours to complete (while it is possible to bump your overall playtime up to around 30 hours by collecting EVERYTHING and doing every side objective.- Enemy variety is limited (there's only 3. Yes it's a stealth game but still)CONCLUSION:Thief is a game best experienced at its worst difficulty with all the modifiers cranked up to 11. While the story does have its moments where it pulls you in, you are mostly going to be wandering around a level searching for your next loot to steal. With its problems there is still fun to be had in the world of Thief and i would recommend it to any stealth lover out there. I would have given the game a higher rating had the story been more involved or the game been a bit more difficult but as it stands it's a solid 7.5/10Thank you for taking the time to read my review <3 Please rate fairly"
,Not Recommended,239160,13069911,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Gryffin,"I loved, and still love, the original Thief series. That said, I'm not beholden to the original series so much that I'm closed to new interpretations, as long as they're done well. Sadly, in this particular case, the mark has been missed by an incredible amount. The game is beautiful, and the aesthetic is very well-realized. Beyond that, it's a travesty. The story is a mess: either they cut out a sizable portion of it or they changed the story at the last minute and struggled to make the existing pieces fit the new narrative. Either way, it's a hodgepodge of half-baked ideas and huge leaps of narrative logic. The sound design is all over the place, with characters being far too quiet in cutscenes, over-repeated incidental dialogue from NPCs, and sound positioning seems to be wrong most of the time.I wanted to love the game, as while there are quite a number of stealth action games, very few really focus on the experience of being a master thief: sneaking around and stealing things. Most focus on assassination or some other kind of objectives. While it doesn't meet the criteria of playing a thief, I still would highly recommend you play Dishonoured instead of this if you're looking for a great Thief-like, even if it primarily concerns itself with being a sneaky killer more than a sneaky stealer."
76561198025183555,Not Recommended,239160,9311399,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Kaurinya,"I'm an old hat Taffer. I've been with the series since it started, and I'm not ashamed to admit up front that my review is biased. I have played Thief TDP and Thief TMA to pieces and back and then some. I also enjoyed Thief 3 and while in the end I must admit it was a fairly respectable game in its own regard and I also enjoyed it for what it was. In the origional games you had free reign of the city, go where you please when you please, even if it was something utterly asinine like becoming a member of the rootop climbers guild (some of you may know what I mean, others may not) or seeing if you could jump out of the map or just screwing around looking in every nook and cranny just because you could. This new reboot of Thief, or Thief 4 rather (though I shudder to think of it as part of the series I love) is nothing more to me than a regular run of the mill game that is nothing special or even that good, and a cash grab.There is no jumping in Thief so far. Yes, you read that correctly. You are GLUED TO THE GROUND. A real throw back to when I played FFXI and FFXIV online. At one point there are a pair of floor traps early in the game that any reasonable human being with half a brain could jump over, and for our acrobatically gifted Garrett should be no problem to jump. As you can't jump, you have to take a predesignated route around the traps instead of just jumping over them. Do you want to go up a wall? You need to hold spacebar and can only climb in designated spots. Do you want to go up or down a ladder? If so, you need to hold spacebar until you have a mini cutscene happen (and it IS a mini cut scene, as your character takes control of himself to turn around and face the ladder then takes a few steps onto the first rungs when going down, or takes the first few steps  by himself to latch on before you can go up) and you actually get on the ladder. There is no more auto latching on ladders (a crime in itself) and it becomes a nuisance and frustrating to have to hold a button to get onto a ladder, and then become glued to said ladder until you either reach the top or bottom. Did you enjoy rope arrows and their magical ability to catch on ANY wooden surface in the past? Guess what kids, designated spots only!Speaking of mini cutscenes, lets talk about mini games that serve no purpose. If I want to open a window, I hit ""e"". But wait! We need a mini cutscene where you pull out a crowbar and have to tap ""e"" a few times to open the window. Or move a beam from inside the gap out of the way. Another tap ""e"" moment to make me waste time. The character is completely automated in his movements in both going through the window and gap sliding, so why are you making me tap ""e"" at all. Either let me open the damn window in one smooth fluid motion without having to play a tap ""e"" minigame, or skip the stupid cutscene and just let me interact to open the window and mantle through as I please. Same with being forced to move objects out of the way.I can't speak for the story yet. When I (sadly) finish the game - and I know I will I will likely update my review. So far though all I can safely say is they've used a few throwback names older fans recognize to try and appeal to them. To be fair as well, they added back in things we asked for like rope arrows. They added in options to turn all of the new flashy hand holding garbage off. They added options to make the game as difficult as some of us are used to. It's not enough. The game is just flat out bad to me because it feels so much more restrictive than previous games. It does have a very Thief 3-esque feel to it, but it just hasn't jived with me at all even several hours into the game.On another note, I was more than ticked off at not being able to collect a collectable in a side mission as apparently the game adds a few required tools - in this case a razor and possibly others- to loot specific items -in this case a painting. Unfortunately for me the side quest to do this mission becomes available BEFORE you can even purchase the razor, so if you want to get that collectable then tough luck, you can't go back to that area again later in the game (so far at least) to get it, it seems to be lost to the ages. Not very wise game design there in my opinion. I hope I'm wrong and at some point you can go back because this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no end, and I don't normally fluster easily.By the way, I was on the fence the entire time about buying this game, especially after seeing it at E3. I decided to try and give it the benefit of the doubt and buy the Master edition of the game. Imagine my complete and utter shock and surprise today to see that there is already DLC for the game, and not only that if you paid the extra money for the game, you don't get all the DLC, just one called ""The Opportunist"". Really? Seriously, REALLY? The extra mission comes no matter what version you buy, and I couldn't give a damn about digital art or soundtracks or TF2/DOTA items. I paid the extra to have the DLC, and then you put out more that isn't even included.TLDR: If you only liked the first two games of the series and hated Thief 3 its a definite don't buy. If you enjoyed Thief 3 then you may also enjoy this, though it is far more constrictive than past games (not such much Thief 3 which was also fairly linear in it's own way, but definitely 1 & 2 where you could pull off some fun and amazing things by going where you shouldn't and/or getting out of the map.) on where you can and can't go (notably because every rope arrow and jump is in a predesignated spot). Removing something as small as the ability to jump when and where ever you want really killed this for me, it takes away a freedom you don't know you've lost until its gone.I really, really wanted to love this game but I just can't. :("
,Not Recommended,239160,31167799,Posted: 15 April,all,S. Gordon,"Pros:- Good Graphics- Cynical Garret HumorCons:- Control of your character is 'on rails' and very annoying - unlike Dishonored which allows free jumping and movement seriously impeding the gameplay factor and the freedom the first games in the franchise provided.- Crashes a lot even on new systems (fix: Tesselation OFF / Win 8 Compatibility / Copy 32 Bit exec into 64 Bit folder and run that.)Hope when a remake is made, the control system will get major overhaul.Get Dishonored instead, its a more recent game and cheaper, hence the thumbs down review."
76561197964252600,Not Recommended,239160,27729476,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,grumpa,"So close to good, I really tried to like it and I'm a long time fan of the franchise .  Oh and just some friendly advice.  DO NOT play this game right after a play through of Dishonored.  Because you'll end up writing a review like this  :)To start, I can't get past the between mission level design.  Having to re run, sneak, climb the same sections of the map, over and over.  To get from your ""base"" back to the next mission.. every single time you complete a mission. (Imagine if Fallout or Witcher never heard of fast travel.)  I think they left it out because if you weren't  forced to re run the same parts of the map.  The game wouldn't have even been 15 hours of play time.  Speaking of which, I beat it in 20 hours and I was not trying to go fast.I get that by not having fast travel it ""encourages"" you find new paths and new loot.  But it takes me a minuet to open a window, steal $5 worth of crap, then turn around and spend another min reopening that window. I guess the $$ adds up over time but you get $150-$400 per mission so why bother?Which bring me to my next grip, the pointlessness of the side quests.. There is no point, unless its on the way to the next main mission.. You don't get a lot of coin. Some offer incentives to kill guards (Which makes no sense since Garrett starts off the game saying ""don't kill anyone unless you have to"").. And after completion, you get to re run back through the same pointless areas to get to your next mission.For a Thief game there sure isn't much emphasis on money or needing much of it.  Mainly you just need ""$248 space bucks for lunch, gas and tolls""... sorry wrong movie :)   Actually you need $250, that will buy you a sharpen bread knife that you'll need to cut certain painting off the wall.  Why don't you already have a sharpen bread knife being a thief you might ask?  Good question, but you do get a club.. that can't break anything.  Which kind of sums up my grip with the game.  You just need to steal enough money to buy the 2-3 tools you need to complete the game.  After that you really don't need to anymore, unless you're really want to kill everyone or put out every tourch.Ok now for the good, the bones of the game and game play are pretty good.  The sneaking works well and the AI is either so bad its good or polished but their parents might be cousins.  I really like the main quests a lot and was sucked in at times.  But I wish there was a little more story going into it and a little more plot to carry through. They did a good job creating a fast paced, driven story that keeps it going forward.Going in I knew Thief games have always been ""Here.... game, story, fire, water, shadows, arrows...Figure it out"".  In the end I really wish they'd have put out more DLC's to add to the world, fill in the blanks, add new depth.  I feel this game could have really have been much more.But as it stands, if its $10 and you want to sneak around... and are tired of Dishonored, I guess maybe go for it.  But having just completed it, I'm rather frustrated and a little disappointed at the number of little annoyances that added up to killing the fun of playing this game."
,Recommended,239160,9263664,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Samsung,"Thief is one of those games for you stealth purists out there. If you enjoyed Dishonored, DO NOT think this is the same game. Yes, they were both first person stealth games, BUT Dishonored lets you choose whether to be chaotic or not. In Thief, the game is centered on being a shadow. You don't want to be seen or confronted in Thief. On normal difficulty, you have to be skilled at the barebones combat system to survive a fight with two guards. The game doesn't WANT you to kill or knock anyone out. The way the game is meant to be played is to stick to the shadows and leave without a trace left that you were there. The game even has a CUSTOM DIFFICULTY that lets you change several settings. Over all, this game is amazing IF you enjoy stealth.*To the people saying that you CAN play Thief chaotically, I know that, I was trying to get the point across that it is generally not advised and is not the original way the game was meant to be played. Also, many of the comments here comparing Dishonored to Thief are extremely biased towards one game or the other, I love and appreciate both games, and I think they are both amazing in their own ways."
,Not Recommended,239160,24150222,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,artwaste,"First, let me start off by saying that I am typing this entire review with my middle fingers.  Second, I don't normally write reviews, so I'll try to keep this short (forgive any rants that may happen).  Like an idiot, I purchased this game after reading several positive and negative reviews here on Steam, thinking about all the negative reviews as: ""Eh, I think I can look past all or most of that"".  I have never played any of this game's predecessors, so with that in mind, I have nothing to compare it to in the way of the older versions.Combat/SteathThe combat in this game is very easy to under stand, this button + this button makes you dodge in this direction, etc.  A very simplistic version of Assassin's Creed combat, more similar, to me, to Dishonored (a GREAT favorite of mine).  It is fun knocking people around with your medieval nightstick.  I was satisfied with all of the tools and gadgets at my disposal, with an exception of the flash bomb.  I felt it to be utterly useless.  Whenever I used it in a pinch, the guards always followed me to my hiding spot, so I never saw the point in using it.  I was GREATLY disappointed with the stealth in this game, as sneaking around plundering/killing are a few of my favorite things.  The stealth bit was accurate; guard perifs, sudden movements, etc.  My qualms are the lack of stealth routes one could take to reach his/her destination.  For this game seemingly to be ""open-world"", I felt it to be very confined and restricting, and because of that, I felt this game did not want the player getting too creative in tactical kills, above takedowns, the overall shoot-this-guy-with-an-arrow-to-the-face-then-run-up-a-building-to-hide-on-the-rooftops bit.Storyline/CharactersAgain, because I never played any previous games of this series, I can't compare it as being worse or better than its predecessors.  Seeing as how I don't feel there is really any originality left to be had in this wolrd in ways of video game/film/tv miniseries storylines, I felt this one to be a bit predictable, but still entertaining.  There's nothing more alluring than playing a video game where you get to be the Jackie Chan of all Robin Hoods, thieving from the rich to... hoard the loot all for yourself?  Sounds realistic, but hang on, ""Jackie Chan of all Robin Hoods""?  NO.  Garrett is more like a really cool ninja with a spastic case of down-syndrome that often results in self-termination.  ""What do you mean?"" you say?  Well, I find it VERY difficult to understand how a man in such superb physical condition, who can scale walls, climb pipes, use a prehistoric Batclaw to reach new heights and to rappel - who can do all of that - but who dies instantly if the nipple-head falls more than 15 feet.  Tuck and roll, Garrett.  I am also amazed at how many times Garrett would leap to his death, even though there was a a rope (that he himself attached to a wooden beam) an arm's length away.  Outstanding.  Next time, do us all a favor and tie a loop at the end of that rope.  As for Erin (your sidekick?), I felt her character to be that typical annoying female who is betrayed by her fellow man (a thief by the way, since when did thieves have principles?) and can't seem to let go of things, and wants the world to be as miserable as she is.  I would've liked to push her♥♥♥♥♥off the first building I met her on.  She's young, not as masterful as Garrett, but naturally has that young person ""invincible"" mentality, which causes the whole first mention to go♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Good job, Gaylord.  Basso, your fat friend who has all the hook-ups for dirty deeds that need doing, is your typical on-the-sidelines sidekick.  He didn't seem to have much character development, which doesn't matter in the big picture.  He's friends with Garrett, 'nuff said.  I didn't care enough about the other characters to write my thoughts on them, so moving on...Other Game AspectsAs with a good portion of the negative reviews, I too was very annoyed with the lack of a ""cancel"" button when climbing through windows.  I don't know how many times I went through a window thinking it was a different window leading to a different part of the map, only to realize immediately after holding the ""open window"" button.  I did like that you could pretty much save your game whenever you wanted, except when the baddies were on high-alert.  I always hated games with check-point saves.  The spookiness of the asylum level was brilliant; I jumped in my seat a couple times.  I'm not fond of the overall cloudiness or fogginess that seems to linger around that entire game.  Turning up the brightness doesn't help much, and makes the rest of the gameplay feel bright in all the bad ways.  I was also not thrilled by the torches in the game, not the ones sort of shielded by the metal grates, but the wooden torches that are fully exposed.  I can't understand why Garrett couldn't grab those ones from the wall and stamp them out, or even douse them in a puddle of water (there were plenty of puddles to choose from).Overall this game left me very angry, and with an empty hole in my wallet.  I did get it on sale, thankfully, but would NOT recommend anyone else get this game.  The cons definitely outweighed the pros for this game.  I made myself complete it because I was curious if it would get better.  But it didn't.  It sucked, right through the final chapter."
,Not Recommended,239160,12197511,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hughjarse,"Edios drops the ballThey kicked out original voice actor, for - wait  for it - Not being athletic enough.... if you don't know the original Thief then you don't know how much we loved his voice acting.Positives:Great cinematics.Immersive atmosphere with interesting locations.Intuitive controls and gameplay.Very polished graphics, all areas look excellent.Negatives:Not a good idea to have a villain find you at scripted segments often, when you are the best thief around.Not fun to be pulled out of stealth to have a full-on Boss Battle!They dumped the original voice actor for someone more athletic, and their reason was they thought we only wanted him for nostalgia???!One of the greatest voice actors in gaming history and the developers think the only reason to keep him is for nostalgia...Talk about dropping the ball come on, they took a major dump on it then threw it over their shoulderPlayed a lot of hours, would have finished if they actually cared about the player base that made it popular."
,Not Recommended,239160,32634453,Posted: 21 June,all,SpookyKid94,"Both this game and Dishonored are ""Thief, but new"". Both suffer from bad modern design trends, but Dishonored manages to pull it off without ruining the core game even if the sense of vulnerability is missing. Thief fails to an extent where it pollutes its own name.The whole game feels like a quick time event, every action is contextual. You cannot jump at will, you hit q to knock people out, picking up anything triggers a lengthy animation. ""Tap E to hide a loading screen"". At its best it feels like a more restrictive FarCry 3.Once you get past most of the mechanics being poorly thought out, the rest of the game is better, but still problematic. Most of the stealth feels like those tight sections between the larger areas in a Splinter Cell game. All levels are very small and the sneaking is almost always absurdly close quarters. There's a lot of this in the older Thief games, but it feels like that's the only part that the devs really grasped at all.It has an upside, though. The game is pretty as hell and the world is cool. If you're someone that enjoys linear story based games like Metro or something, then you'll probably enjoy this.If it wasn't called Thief, I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,239160,9286220,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,-Dresden-,"Gutted of everything that made the originals lovable for the sake of being edgy.No ""taffer"".No Pagans.No Hammerites.No color.No humor.No arrow crystals because whoever made the game thought ""Hurrrr Thief should be realistic"".No zombies or other undead. Now there's just ""freaks"" which are basically Smeagol from LotR.Story is completely unengaging and I had no idea what was going until the end. I still have no idea what the Primal is or what it's supposed to do. In the last two missions I just stopped caring about loot hunting to get the game over with."
,Not Recommended,239160,9265016,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Arod Snaux,"A very, very disappointing implementation, clearly dumbed-down for the casual gamer/console kiddie crowd. The open-world navigation and exploration that made the original so charming are nearly absent: you cannot jump, unless its scripted, you cannot fall, unless its scripted, you cannot do ANYTHING, unless it's scripted. Avoiding guards with a slight diversion so you can shimmy up those crates? Not gonna happen... unless its scripted, and then they hang a lantern on it, telling you exactly what to do, holding your hand like you are a 10yo playing an old XBox game.It's close to playing on rails. Quite frankly, you could watch the videos on youtube, randomly rewind and fast forward, and you'd have about as much control over your character. And so much for the fluid actions of a master thief: see an item? Hold on to your lunch, click E and the screen lunges for it. I actually had to stop playing due to motion sickness.It's inconcievable that someone could actually make a stealthie WORSE than the first Assassin's Creed, which was plagued with horrid controls and animations tailored to look good on tv commercials and make unskilled fanboys feel like they were doing something amazing without actually showing a whit of skill, but Square Enix (yes, the Final Fantasy guys) has succeeded. Next time I'm in Japan, I'm burning the place down. Bring a pitchfork and join me!The achievment system is also buggy as hell: I played through the entire first chapter on ghost, environmental (put out lights), and did only 1 of the headshot achieve (just to see if insta kills count asa being detected - they dont). What did I get the achievement for? The one of four headshot kills I got. No achieve for ghosting the entire level, even though i didnt fail; no achieve for putting out all those lights without being detected... I got an achievement for FAILING. If that's not a No Chiuld Left Behind game, I don't know what is.I'll play, simply in hopes that it gets better; and I'll pray, that the next version SE actually listens to its fanbase and gives us a real open world, free movement environment. In the meantime, save your money."
,Not Recommended,239160,12276113,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,WHAM,"The old Thief games were the story of a thief just trying to survive in a dog-eat-dog world. Garret, in those games, was snarky and arrogant, yet realistic in his expectations and aspirations, and surrounded by characters that made sense.Thief 2014, on the other hand, loses all of the above, choosing instead to uplift Garret into something much more, connected to a seemingly dead spirit of a woman and adding all sorts of mumbo-jumbo that has no place in the old games. The story, therefore, feels fragmented, annoying and unnecessary.But heck, what if we don't care for the story, but just want some good stealthy gameplay, sneaking around and so on?Sad to say, but that's not here either. In order for a game to have a workable stealth -system, it needs to have reliable and credible enemies to sneak around and avoid. It was within my first 30 minutes with Thief 2014 that I saw a guard get stuck on a slight incline, his feet shuffling and jerking endlessly while his torso and head would not move. He was standing in the only passage through the early area, so my options were to either knock him out (which is discouraged by the theme of the game) or reload a save. Similiar AI glitches happened on numerous occasions during my 6 or 7 hours with the game, after which I got sick and quit.Audio, too, fails to impress in any way. Voice actors are sub-par (oh, and several times faces will not animate while characters speak, for some reason) and the music has, so far, been forgettable.As a final note: this game required me to do quite a bit of work before I could play. I suffered from a glitch in which the game would change the texture quality on the fly, between high and low, every 5 seconds or so. This required me to exit the game and start the separate configuration utility and disable automatic texture quality (this setting is not available in-game). Additionally the game has HORRIBLE mouse acceleration issues, with the camera lurching around beyond control, always feeling a bit slow and lazy. This issue required me to do some googling and disable the mouse acceleration in a config -file in the game's installation folder. Again, no in-game setting allowed me to adjust or change this in any way.All said, I doubt I'll ever finish Thief 2014, and I don't recommend it to anyone. For a VERY similiar game with much more enjoyable gameplay, try Dishonored instead.Playtime: 6+ hours (estimated 20% campaign completion)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 8Audio: 7Story: 6Gameplay: 7Overall: 7"
,Not Recommended,239160,15647433,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Seneschul,"This game is an abomination to the thief series.As a game, it is ""ok"", nothing special.Graphics are quite nice, to the point of being overdone considering everything is shrouded in shadow.You can play the game ugly, or you can get a really good graphics card, and play the game beautiful and choppy.How well does choppy play in a stealth game?Well, this isn't really a stealth game. it just pretends to be one.As an installment on the thief series, it disrespects the traditions set forth in the original thief games.The valuation of objects is askew compared to past games.There are landmarks Garett destroyed in previous games that are suddenly ""back"".Pretty much, play it as non-canon thief and you'll be Ok.Also, Garett as a 45+ year old guy hitting on a 16ish year old bratty girl  is creepy."
,Not Recommended,239160,9305604,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Michaelangel007,"Thief 2014 is the epitome of everything wrong with the games industry in 2014.  Take ""Tomb Raider 2013"" + ""Assassins Creed"", keep the worst parts, and you would basically have Thief 2014.  There are 2 basic problems with Thief 2014. Its*design, and* implementation.Modern level designers have this narcissistic fixation for _excessive_ narrative instead of actually focusing on WHY we play these types of first-person-sneaker games in the first place:""To give us interesting exploration options.""But, you want to, p .. pl ... play the game?  Blasphemy!  Heretic!  Why won't you shut up, sit down, and watch our stupid cut-scenes every 5 mins!?!The problem with ""fast-food gaming"", aka, no-thinking button mashers, is summarized with this beautiful picture of level design in 1993 vs 2010:http://furiousfanboys.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/BITmX.jpgOther games continue to advance the art of gameplay.  ""Dishonored"" is much better thief then Thief 2014 ever will be.  The ability to jump and teleport lets players focus on -the- thing that makes (or breaks) a theif game -- exploration.Garret has this fixation on closing every little window behind him.  It makes the game feel claustrophobic instead of an open world to explore.Having the mini-games to open a window or pick a lock is fun the first few times.  It gets old having to do it _every_ single time.Having to press an action key to jump at the ""right"" time without the game giving you feedback _when_ you should feels like it is treating you like a little kid.  I'm sorry, only ""adults"" know how to properly jump -- we don't want to ""confuse"" you.When cut-scenes switch to a pre-rendered video it breaks the immersion.Only 3 save slots?  Another typical re-tarded console port.  What is this? Tomb Raider 2013 all over again??Not tired of reboots, remakes, re-imagined games? You will after playing Theif 2014.  Theif 2 set the ""gold"" standard.  Dishonored is the spiritual successor now.= Summary =+ Can skip cut-scenes+ Arc for throwing is awesome+ Interesting story+ Looks pretty- Gameplay is linear- Can't explore any of the cool surroundings- UI controls are horrible -- having the same key for looking through a keyhole and lockpick is frustrating when you are trying to do one instead of the other.  Having to ""use"" a ladder, or ""use to jump"" is @$$-backwards UI.  It would be tolerable if the game would at least highlight _which_ surfaces you can jump/climb on.Bottom line: Don't waste your money.Edit.1 Fixed misc. spelling mistakes."
,Not Recommended,239160,9355514,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,DixieFlatline_01,"All in all, Thief is decent, but far from great. I would not necessarily recommend that someone who isn’t already a Thief fan buy this game at full price, rather saving it in their wishlist until it goes on sale. Anyone with an immediate desire to play a story-driven stealth role playing game should pick up the (by now) cheaper Dishonored, which told a better story in more ways than one. Or, if you are inclined to take your punk “cyber-” rather than “steam-”, Eidos’ own other classic PC reboot, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a better stealth role playing game, as well.Here are some things to ask yourself as you consider whether or not to swoop out of the shadows and snag a copy of Thief:Do you like fancy graphics? Thief definitely has these. The world is richly modeled and textured, and the lights and shadows of The City make for a deep, if claustrophobic visual experience.Are you sick of “grimdark” reboots and grey-brown game worlds? If so, stay away from Thief until you’re prepared for its grimy, lifeless, violent world, and un-ironically moody, flat characters.Do you love stealth games? Thief is a mixed bag where its stealth gameplay is concerned. On one hand, the “pick your path” element is deeply flawed due to the relationship between level design and the game’s oddly restrictive movement system, which results in obvious paths that are very linear. On the other hand, the AI is better than in most stealth games, and if you find that the game lacks challenge, there are extensive built-in difficulty mods which will also earn you higher standing on a global leaderboard (if you’re into that kind of thing).Are you looking for a great story? You will absolutely not find that here. The pacing is off, the cutscenes are of poor quality, the characters are unlikable, and all in all it doesn’t really feel like the protagonist has that much to do with what’s going on in the world.If you like this review, please check out the full-length article at :http://www.protagonistcomplex.com/thief-review/OR Join the PCPLX Steam Group!"
,Recommended,239160,9264080,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,WoodrowJenkins,"I'm currently playing on master difficulty with focus and like features disabled, the only one I left enabled was the auto-save (I'm not that much of a masichist). I've seen other people complain about length and based on what I've played so far I feel that they tromped through the main story only and on easy difficulty at that.Also I believe The City was segmented on purpose as a homage to the previous Thief games, TDS specifically. I can understand if some people don't like it or would consider the term ""open world"" somewhat misleadingThe game is not perfect:The voice acting sometimes will leave much to be desired (Garret),the controls are solid albeit a little strange e.g. sometimes to drop youpress x and other times rmbwith the fail on guard notice switch on some loot is nigh impossible to get to,Some textures are abnormally low res (Beggar Queens fox coat for example)Characters can be forgettableCan't comment too much on the story at the moment, I will amend this review once I'm finishedWhat the game gets right:The dark and sullen Thief world(master difficulty) Slow and methodical stealth that forces you to find alternate pathsMakes you greedy and OCD for lootOn average the game looks pretty good (its no crysis thats for sure)Won't complain too much about the AI, at the very least it has proven to be consistent and punishing on Master, Guards will notice if you leave a door open or a safe/case for a valuable itemalthough its not without its bugs e.g. saw a guard constantly spinning in one spotIf you are a stealth fan I recommend picking this upIf you are apprehensive then go ahead and wait for a saleI believe this game needs to be judged on a per gamer basis, very hard for people to know if they will like it or not but it does recieve my recommendation at this pointCurrent Rating I'd give it ~~~~~ 8.1 (lowered slightly after running into some control issues) ~~~~~ I feel like that is a fair rating, to put this rating into perspective I'd give the original Thief gamesaround 8.8.I will update this once I am finished with the main story...p.s. the game isn't optimized very well so hopefully you'll be playing on at least a midrange system"
,Not Recommended,239160,15583248,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,nachi,I preordered this for $60 like a dumbas s
,Not Recommended,239160,13148423,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,seviro,"Like stealth? Like a basic, noncomplex storyline? Like being able to have an open, uninterrupted world for each mission you play? Enjoy having a choice between being sneaky or brutal? Nonlethal, or lethal?Buy Dishonored! That's right, Dishonored! Not this game, which has failed aspirations to be Dishonored. Compare the games, and you'll find this falls extremely short of the game it tried to take the fame from.The story will leave you confused, the missions will find you unable to actually decipher where you're going, and the clunky mechanics will cause you to make countless errors that end up being fatal.The best this game has to offer is a good title in the Stealth games series. Even then, it's beaten by Dishonored (again), or Deux Ex, for example. There's better games out there.Still want to buy it? Wait for a sale, otherwise, you're buying this game for its snazzy graphics and recent publish date, not its quality."
76561198033252034,Not Recommended,239160,14603216,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,monsieur gâteau un beaucoup,"Horrible disgrace to the once amazing series called thief. First and formost, this game is a reboot of the series much like tomb raider. While both games were bought out by square enix and developed by the same team, the similarities end there. While tomb raider was a fantastic reboot honoring the legacy of tomb raider, thief decided to do a compete 180.The mechanics felt sloppy and seemed that the game couldnt decided what it wanted to be. For instance throughout parts of the game there were the somewhat interesting climbing games from tomb raider which had some potential. However unlike tomb raider they were too short and too rare and really felt like filler. I almost felt like this game was a beta test for the much better tomb raider remake. Furthermore, Instead of relying on the old proven thief mechanics, some genius decided to try and rip off dishonored (rather poorly) and this can be clearly scene with the focus mechanics. While dishonored had relatively good ai and an excellent array of powers including the all too fun blink, thiefs focus abilities were rather linear with the stealth ability being broken. Being that the abilities were so boring or broken, there was little interest to upgrade. Dishonored on the other hand rewarded explorering with new runes ect .Even safe cracking though a good concept got really old really quick as almost every sub heist mission was in the exact same cookie -cutter home/building and had the same old feel over and over again. Not that I needed the money as there really wasnt anything I needed to buy outside of the those damn shears which you could only buy around chapter 3 but were required in many sub missions to steal special art such as paintings.Lets not even start on the AI. so stupid it's laughable. The worst gitch that I exploited was looking through the key hole right before an AI would open the door and instead of opening it, they kept on walking into the door indefinitely. I am not going to even get into the stupid idiots that tried to chase me while I was on a roof and they kept going in circles around the building even when I went back down,Though by far the greatest travesty would have to be the story and the fail attempts at hijacking thiefs past legacy. without spoiling too much (what little there is to spoil) the story itself cant decide what it wants to be with various moments of garret lapsing to subconcious wtf moments that just make you want to uninstall this boring game and the ending being a overblown b rated mess at best as the dialogue was so bad. This game had two warring factions being the rioters and police much like the hammerites and pagans from thief 3. In thief 3, siding with a faction long enough they would offer you sanctuary and even fight on your behalf.  sounds cool at right? makes you want to join a side and determine the fate of the city right? WRONG. the game doesnt allow you to make decisions like the past games did and even worse you never see or feel any of the violent conflicts between the factions. While in  in thief 3 you would see back alley fights between factions, this new thief shows you some lame♥♥♥♥♥in game cutscene with a baddy and all the cops are replaced with rioters as enemies. why the rioters hate garret you are never told. COME ON! this is 2014 and you cant even have live action back alley fight or an explanation on why the rioters want to randomly kill you?Oh and the game also tries to rip off the cradle from thief 3 in a very fail manner that makes me lose even more respect for this game. the monsters known as freaks seem scary at first but soon become laughable as any potential they may of had as something scary soon falls apart.- final score 4/10 game is such a distorted mess that it wouldnt even be fun to play even at 10 dollars. only good things are the graphics and the bank heist mission."
,Not Recommended,239160,31138592,Posted: 14 April,all,Jackal,"I ended up having to borrow a copy from a friend + finish this on a console - it's terribly formatted for PC and prone to crashing - even on above recc'd settings. 8) 8) 8)I was looking forward to this game when it came out, I wanted to be optimistic about a continuation of the Thief series. The setting, the characters, the story - it was a really fun little universe and I missed having a pure stealth game to play with the kind of open, sprawling levels and dark corners you could hide in while you listened to guards and NPCs gossip and♥♥♥♥♥♥ There really wasn't any of that in this game?There are *improvements* to the detection system and some neat little gimmicks like swooping (moving quickly from one corner to the next to try and avoid being seen), but movement in general is limited and clunky. It's hard to distinguish what you can and cannot climb on initially, and once you realize what you're able to mantle up on ... it's a bit disheartening, to say the least. You cannot jump (a LOT of puzzles and simple obstacles could easily be avoided if the player could jump over them), you cannot place rope arrows in areas that would be practical, etc. Not all doors, windows, etc are accessible when you're in the City.It's a minor nitpick but I also cannot stand how clunky combat is should you actually end up in a situation where you are detected. I realize the justification behind it is ~Garrett doesn't fight / kill~ and ~you should try to ghost this game~ but ffs, you really do need to smooth out combat just a little so you can properly defend yourself enough to back out of a fight if you want to encourage your players to be nonlethal. There are other ways to motivate a player to try a ghosting / nonlethal route, annnd this is not really the way to go about it tbh.The City and levels are pretty much barren via a plague plot device and it's depressing - and not in a good way. NPC types are severely limited, lowering any challenge you could have in planning your approach to each level and client job. The story itself is incredibly short, disjointed, and reaches an unsatisfying conclusion. Levels feel repetitive and dull. I *did* enjoy the shorter client job missions you could pick up optionally from various NPCs throughout the CIty, but even then it didn't feel worthwhile.Framerate issues abound, no matter what your settings are. Cutscenes love to crash and load oddly - animation is awkward despite the use of mocap to try and (I guess?) inject realism into the characters' facial expressions and body movement. Dialogue is unnatural and - again - severely disjointed.From what I understand of the history behind this game, it's no wonder it turned out to be a mess. It's just a shame - really disappointing. It can be fun at times, and I see the potential behind it, but as it stands it's just ... Yeah.I don't really think I can recommend this game to anyone, Thief fan or not. 8("
,Not Recommended,239160,13885731,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Quixotic,"I was warned, they told me this was not like the old thief games. They told me Garret was now some emo goth eyeliner applying edgy young man, rather than a middle aged cynic with a robo eye and a BADASS voice and always a quip or two up his stealthy sleeves.But then came a steam sale, and I said to myself ""eh why not eh?"" because im super canadian, and it turns out they were right, all of them. The Garret in this game  just stands pale in comparison to the old one, his dialogue sounds like some 20 year old freshman in college saying edgy stuff and trying to be phisopicles like some old♥♥♥♥♥french or greek dude.His voice is so generic, my neighbor Mohammed  (he's from Jordan give him a break he has awesome barbeques  WITH pork dishes hes cool dont judge) sounds like this Garret, I could have spared eidos/enix whoever these ♥♥♥♥s are a LOAD OF MONEY by just giving them Mo's number, mo is really chill he'd probably do it for free.And the stupid girl in the beginning of the game was just such a tool, her whole purpose was just to tell the player they had choices how to achieve objectives. protip for unisoft: you can have floating text tell the player what to do, and if they disregard the advice and they get found and killed by Benny and his fellow guards, you can say: OH LAWD  YOU ♥♥♥♥IN SCRUB YOU SHOULDA SNEAKED ACROSS THAT METAL PLATE INSTEAD OF RAN AROUND LIKE MASTER CHEF.I rate this game 0/2,000,000,000. They just channeled all their angst  and edge into this game that it paradoxically lost all the intended edge and dark acsetic about it, eh."
76561198052341449,Not Recommended,239160,9271308,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,soFluffy,"Loved the first Thief series, this reboot doesn't come close to the original. Controls seem limited, movement is herky-jerky. Navigating between maps/areas is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There is no over-arching map system that allows you to see the numerous sections and how to travel between them - you can only find out where to go by entering an area map and locating the exit point while you are tracking an individual quest. That's a major over-sight.Would have been a much better game if they followed the Assasin's Creed way with flexibility in the types of movements allowed. Maps are so restrictive you can only get to a certain area(high spots) on a map if you can find the right path.It's ok, but if you don't like being frustrated by limiting game mechanics, this Thief is not for you."
76561198048527305,Not Recommended,239160,25109112,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tr00he,"Dear devs, dear publisher, there are many people who love Garret and the Thief series. However, this game is not at all a worthy successor or a worthy ""reboot"".It is a huge, huge disappointment. The game is ruined by many flaws:1) No free jumping, no free climbing, no free rope arrow usage.I found myself very often not being able to use the level in the way I'd use it if I could move freely. I felt very limited in comparison to thief 1-3 as it is so linear. Especially rope arrows suck as you don't know where the arrow will stick and where not.2) Custom difficulty breaks game mechanics.Even if you're the toughest thief veteran you will not be able to complete this game on highest custom difficulty because the game mechanics don't work then, e.g. no feedback about proper unlocking doors or searching paintings for hidden switches. Without focus, you can’t see hidden codes without readjusting gamma. And if you hide the crosshair for the bow, you cannot aim well and waste lots of expensive arrows because you can’t shoot a rope arrow into massive wood at the ceiling. And you cannot find all loot and at the same time follow the rule that you must not stun any guards - you will find rooms in which you cannot take what's there because the NPC's don't move at all.3) Bad storytelling.Thief III left a very open ending and I remember participating in a survey in which people were trying to figure out what people would expect from a new Thief game. Thief 4 is basically the opposite of my suggestions. There were so many possibilities to tell something really deep and interesting. Instead you get an unsympathetic gothic-style murderer girl to run after which is also presented to you in such a superficial way at the beginning of the game that already after the prologue I had no mood to continue. And the rest of the story presentation isn't better. You don't even realize that you were ""away"" for one year and somehow you can still walk. And instead of really deep information you just see a creepy old woman telling you ""Beware, there are more dangerous things than you in the shadows, Garret."" Honestly - who wrote this?4) Catch'em all instead of master thievery.It is realistic to be able to search every single drawer but the animation makes it very slow. It would be better to have a faster ""open inventory and grab all"" system instead of pushing repeatedly ""E"" to pick up single coins, forks, knives, whatever. I'd have loved to see more focus on the ""big"" loot. Thief 3 did the stealing aspect far more entertaining as it focused on less but more valuable loot to find.5) Weird 3rd person climbing.Garret is not Indiana Jones! This doesn’t fit AT ALL.6) Weird controls, weird map.I don't know how many times I pressed ""E"" to open windows or push wood away. And why is it not possible to push one button and show the map? As it was in the older parts. Mark the room in which you are and - enough. This game instead gives too little and too much information at the same time.7) Bad performance.Although using the Unreal Engine which is known for good performance and beautiful visuals, Thief is not well-optimized. It looks nice but the framerate is far lower than in other games with equal or better visuals.8) Bad sound.It is very important to hear your enemies well. Their walking, but also talking about additional loot. But here, as soon as you are more than 3 meters away from an NPC, you hear lots of reverb and it’s too silent. There are also bugs. And when you get caught or die: ""BAIIIIIING!!!!!"" – horrible!If this game was not a ""Thief"", it would be a very mediocre AAA game with several bad design decisions, bad controls, some bugs and an uninteresting story. This would be ok because I wouldn't buy it then. But as it tried to be a ""Thief"" it should have done far, far better because the old thief trilogy was just masterpieces.It is sad that this is probably the last game starring Garret as I heard that if there is a new ""Thief"", it will be put into the future.The problem of Thief 4 is NOT the scenario. The problem is bad game design and screenplay. I'd love to see Garret again in a medieval/steampunk scenario, in a better game."
,Not Recommended,239160,19638370,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,The Rumor Weed,"I really liked the original Thief. I was bad at it, and it was really hard, but it was GOOOOOOOOOD, and the challenge made it satisfying. I'm not one to compare reboots to the original, because I support the sentiment that a reboot should have a unique feel and it strikes me as a bit overly-sentimental when they try to make it as close to the source material as possible, like they're trying too hard to relive the glory days, so my opinions on this game are, overall, how the game stands on its own, but when the game tries to be like the The Dark Project, of course I have to compare it to the standard it's aiming for.Thief does try to recreate the feeling of the original game, while also introducing modern gameplay mechanics, a new story, and more things to steal. However, it fails at almost everything it tries. It can't capture the essence of the original when it tries to, because it has no concept of what made The Dark Project enjoyable. In contrast, it's incapable of forming its own unique identity because most of the new ideas clash with the misdirected nostalgia. The writing is terrible, the voice acting is painfully average and uninspired, every new gameplay mechanic feels more like a tryhard gimmick, and you're tripping over loot to the point of it being an inconvenience and a distraction. Stealing things can be fun when you're required to be sneaky, but amazingly, stealth is rarely a factor since most of the loot is found in completely unoccupied rooms. That being said, when it's done right, it feels great. I really liked the instances of watching guard movment and carefully timing my steps to remain unseen to get that shiny object on the other side of the room, it's just a shame that these moments are so scarce in a game that should be built around this very idea.Old ideas like listening to guards converse from around the corner are insultingly simplified to the point of no longer serving the intended purpose. Whereas the original Thief had realistic conversations that were usually interesting and occasionally informative, the guards in new Thief sound less like actual peers discussing current events and more like robots conveying conveniently useful information to the player, or at least it pretends to be, but most of their not-so-subtle hints are obvious and redundant. But it's not just the written script that makes NPC's feel hollow: the artificial intelligence is absolutely non-existant and seems to have accidentally been replaced by a dementia simulator, considering the only people in real-life I've ever seen act so absent-minded and apathetic to their surroundings were in a god damned nursing home.Why does he keep the most valuable loot instead of selling it if he's a career thief? Because if he sold it, the player wouldn't get to have a collection of shiny things neatly displayed around your dim safehouse for you to stare at. Logical inconsistencies like this are abundant because everything in the game feels like it was designed for the PLAYER instead of the CHARACTER. Windows with scratch marks tell you where to climb, metal grates on the wall exist only for you to use your hook on, and many  paths seem to have been built specifically for a thief that's trying to avoid confrontation in a busy room. You don't feel like you're exploring a city or large buildings because their design is too linear to feel organic and convincing, the maps are so obviously intended to guide the player toward the objective so it's impossible to imagine anyone actually living in these spaces. Developers may try to convince you that it's a design choice, but it's really just an excuse for a lack of effort; claiming otherwise is saying you can't have fun exploring a detailed map, which was half the fun of the original.With video game budgets constantly growing, it's flabbergasting to me that a game from 1998 can be more detailed, open, immersive, and be better written than a AAA title from 2014. It's trying to be way too many genres at once, and it doesn't really nail any of them, so you wind up getting a misguided array of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥assets from better games. You MIGHT enjoy this game if you're into other modern blockbusters like Dishonored, but I can't honestly recommend it to anyone because it holds your hand so tightly that it comes across as insulting and offensive."
,Not Recommended,239160,25501154,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,milk,"Dreadfully uninspired and doesn't hold a candle to Thief 1 or 2. What potential this game had was marred by terrible AI, bad maps, an incredibly dull set of hub areas, game-y progression systems, terrible story, and boss fights.Thief 2014 is the perfect example of the state of the modern Triple A game industry. Thief 1 and 2 had people marvel at the potential of gaming as a medium and In the last ten years, the industry has progress in fantastic ways in graphics and audio design, but has regressed so much in almost every other way. These comapnies churn out the same game with the same incredibly flawed set of design choices year after year, with rising budgets and less care. Very few Triple A games these days ever have soul put into them, and this game is no different."
,Not Recommended,239160,30271304,Posted: 1 March,all,Widowmaker,"I played Thief (2014) halfway through when it came out and completely forgot about it. Finally got back to actually completing it - and to summarize my experience with it:-The storyattempts far too grandiose things with the little time it actually has and the pacing is so incredibly quick and messed up that you are constantly left with more questions than are answered. Every character is boring and forgettable and some of them are completely dropped out of the story without any conclusions. The cutscenes are rushjobs with poor editing, missing sound effects and they begin and end abruptly. The climax appears to begin at the 4th chapter and it builds up to absolutely nothing. The ending is a laughable letdown that leaves tons of loose ends.Apparently everyone except Garrett (and maybe Erin?) dies. And Garrett has an encounter with the Thief-Taker General in 6 out of 8 chapters, 3 of which it leads up to absolutely nothing and serves no purpose. It's comical really.-Missionsare linear, uninspired, dull and forgettable. Most of the chapter missions don't even involve any sort of thieving. And all the client and side jobs are very easy, very short and quite lazy. Once you've earned enough money to buy all the tools, you really don't need much anything besides a few rope, water and blunt arrows. So when you are not using the money on much anything, you don't end up caring for thieving either.This game even tries to copy Shalebridge Cradle from Thief: Deadly Shadows and it falls completely flat. It's all just sounds, there are no threats until you are clearly introduced to them and even then they are not freaky.-References to the original Thief trilogyare plentiful but this game does absolutely nothing with them. Even the special arrows don't really function the same, except for water arrows. Rope arrows are completely contextual and serve to demonstrate just how linear these missions are. In truth, there's no reason for this to be a ''Thief'' game.-Thieving stuffis entertaining enough for the first 2-3 hours, but most of the thieving comes from breaking into poor people's homes that consist of one or two rooms and are never inhabited by anyone. You steal one or two items of value from them before moving onto the next empty home. Apparently there are hundreds of valuables just lying around in this supposedly very poor and dying city. So you are guaranteed to get bored by the core purpose of this game.-Combatis not a realistic approach despite the game's claims. Damage tools are too expensive and too difficult to obtain to maintain any sort of predatorial approach. You are much better off with stealthing through the game, the way this game is clearly intended to be played.-The sounds and voice linesin this game are a botched, buggy mess. They either don't play, they are too loud, they are too quiet, they are not muffled when they are supposed to be or they are muffled when they are not supposed to be. Many conversations between NPCs begin to repeat obnoxiously right off the bat. In a game where it's important to hear what's happening all around you, it sure is messed up beyond repair. For all its audio issues, this game screams development hell.I expected more from Eidos Montreal. They did great with their revitalization of Deus Ex, and thus I originally had great hopes for Thief (2014). As it stands, Thief (2014) falls short and right on its nose. There are other smaller reasons too that tend to hurt the game sometimes such as contextual jumping and occasional bugs but I've already explained enough about the game to condemn it. Stealth mechanics themselves are fairly competent and the customizable difficulty is appreciated as I'm sure this game can offer a worthy challenge to those who seek it.But if you are looking to be a famous master thief with the skills, challenges and accomplishments to backup the title,play the original Thief games.They are easily worth their weight in gold and much more."
,Not Recommended,239160,31481689,Posted: 1 May,all,Kristinee,"If you are a fan of the Thief series, and think this will be anything like it, you`re going to get dissapointed."
76561198069227094,Recommended,239160,12931284,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,cyberwiz97,"Thief is an Action/Adventure/Role-Playing/FPS (First Person Sneaker) game, set in a Victorian Gothic world but, with primitive electric lights and machinery typical of the early 20th century, as well as some unique and very imaginative devices.  The characters are a blend of aristocracy, soldiers, commoners and beggers, some with British accents and, some who sound like they came from the streets of  Brooklyn.  The theme casts a hint of paranormal hope in a disease-ridden city of despair.  The player is a thief named Garrett, who lost his female counterpart, Erin, in an accident which resulted in Garrett's near death.  After his recovery, amnesia swallowed most of his memories of the past year.  So begins his search to find out what happened to him and, to learn Erin's fate.Much of the city hub is hidden in darkness.  Dark alleys and dimly lit streets dominate Stonemarket. There are paths above ground level that take you past flats, through balconies and over rooftops, providing alternate routes across town.  But, many of the ground-level streets and alleys shown on the game map may look like a clear path with no walls or doors but, they sometimes bring you to a dead-end.  Trying to follow the map is confusing, until you get to know your way around town.To get to the upper areas, you climb crates, walls, ladders or ropes but, only as the game permits. The game restricts where you can climb, e.g. you can climb one set of crates but not a nearby identicle set of crates.  Most climbable spots are identified by a faint blueish-white glow, which is a big help, when in a hurry.Thief is comprised of 8 main chapters that will each take from a half hour to as much as 2 hours, depending on how much exploring you do.  Plus, there are 6 optional client jobs with specific items you must retrieve, and are somewhat smaller in scope than the main chapters.  Additionally, there are 25 side jobs that usually involve only one or two rooms and also have a specific item that you're after.The promise of a fully stealthy play style prompted me to try Thief.  If you want the frontal assault gameplay of a good, old fashioned First-Person-Shooter game, Thief is not for you.  The main character is not a skilled CQB fighter and will often lose in hand-to-hand combat.To play exclusively with a stealthy approach will require a great deal of time and patience.  However, a mixture of stealth, non-lethal takedowns and kills from a distance is common and a more fun way to play.  Remaining undetected will often depend on how you move and where you hide.  Swoop past a caged bird it becomes agitated by your sudden movement and will alert hostiles.  Dogs have keen senses and will see you when you get too close and give away your presence by barking.  Staying in the shadows and moving low and slow is your best practice for a stealthy approach.There are a few DLC's that often come with Thief or, are available for a buck or two each.  They are very much worth the small price.  One is an added mission called, ""The Bank Hiest"".  Not as large as a normal chapter but, introduces a new component to the challenge.  Three others are ""Ghost"", ""Opportunist"" and ""Predator"".  These provide scoring of the three different play styles you can choose from.  You can play them exclusively or in any combination you like.  You decide as you progress.  There is no penalty for using one over another or, all three for that matter.  At the end of a mission, the game statistics will show a rating of your play style.- Ghost:  Requires great patience.  Your intent is to avoid any interaction with hostiles or the environment.  Stealth is your primary concern.  Remain undetected and don't alarm anyone.- Opportunist:  Interacting with or exploiting the environment, you try to remain undetected.  Putting out flames or dousing candles, will help you get past hostiles unseen.- Predator: Use any means necessary to acheive your goal, taking out whoever is in your way.A fourth rating of Hybrid is given if, ""You equally blended a range of traits from all three play styles.""Thief has three difficulty levels...Rogue, Thief and Master, in successive order of difficulty.  There's also a Custom Settings menu that you can use to limit many of the features of the game, such as types of resourses, upgrades, HUD display features, abilities, tools, etc.  These self-imposed restrictions can make the game especially challenging.Scattered throughout the game are a few puzzles that are moderately challenging.  However, I must confess, one of them was a little more so than I had patience for.  I ended up looking to a walkthrough for the solution and still didn't understand the logic of it.  All the rest, if you're paying attention to the story and reading the documents you fing along your way, will not be so hard.I should warn you that, if you're trying to Ghost the game, you'll be challenged at almost every turn.  Especially if you're trying to grab all loot and collectables that are available.  Thief employs the usual scripted traps and...well...some cheap tricks as well.  And, many tasks require very precise timing to accompish successfully.  The devs have devised quite a repertoire of situations to foil your progress.  Occasionally, the game sets you up for a fall.  If you try to go slowly and, carefully watch for the hostiles and how they patrol, it will only postpone the inevitable.  In those situations, logic, reason and patience is of little help.  Basically, it's a game of surprises and a few seemingly impossible situations.  As in many games, getting through each chapter is generally a matter of trial and error.  So, until you learn the devs' tricks, frequent use of the Quick-save and Quick-load keys, is a necessity.Then, we come to the Boss Fights.  As for the first one, you have two choices.  One; you can try to fight the Thief Taker General which will usually end in your demise, until you learn his patterns.  (More trial and error.)  Or, two; you can avoid confrontation entirely.  All you have to do is open the exit door and escape.  Well...of course it's not quite that simple.The second Boss Fight is the last challenge of the game.  But, it's not so much a fight as it is a matter of evasion.  Not as difficult as the first one but, still not easy.  Fortunately, those are the only two Boss Fights in the game.As for the story...it's kinda weak and convoluted.  I was never drawn into the plot as I have been in some games.  During the early chapters, I felt it had good potential.  Although, as I progressed, the plot began breaking down, changing and taking new directions.  For me,  it was a tremendous let-down.Of course, what game is complete without bugs.  And Thief has its fair share of them.  Aside from a few technical problems of crashes and hangs that have been reported by a small percentage of players, there are some bugs during the gameplay that can be really annoying.  e.g. there are a few times, when you've figured out a guards patrol pattern, you'll try something that doesn't work and will reload a Quick-save, only to find that the guard now stands still in a spot that prohibits your further progress, and never moves.  When attempting to Ghost a chapter, this can be particularly frustrating, as you'll have little choice but to take action that causes a penalty.  Either that, or start the chapter all over again from the beginning.  Poor quality control.In conclusion, I have to say, this was a fair attempt at a stealth type game but, they could have done much better. For me, Thief comes in only a little above average.  It offers variety in gameplay but, while claiming to be an open world, is still rather linear and restrictive.  On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 7.  It has pretty good graphics, a lot of atmosphere and a great deal of replay value.  I think it just needed more time in developement and testing."
,Not Recommended,239160,28262038,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,tomy1986,"Best Thief game ever: it managed to steal away the fun, success and epicness of its predecessors.Way to go, Future Garrett."
,Not Recommended,239160,31047278,Posted: 9 April,all,darthaegis,A pretty disgrace to its predecessors.
76561198013502425,Not Recommended,239160,20771926,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,kermit,"They clearly have no clue what made the Thief series special. I understand the necessity to streamline for a broader audience in order to finance the development of a AAA reboot. I do not understand however, how you'd plan out the reboot of a series and simply forfeit the key things that made it unique.A typical Thief experience in the first 3 titles:- player agency is king- Garrett is a master thief, as in the kind of person who pulls off difficult and challenging heists- the world is mysterious but largely consistent- the various factions' beliefs determine the world's institutions, shape, and nature of places Garret visits- Garrett is intelligent, witty, and cynical- sound is the primary means of conveying stealth information to Garrett (direction and distance of footsteps, voices, etc.)In this new Thief:- player agency is severely hampered (contextual jumping, pre-determined spots for rope arrow, mostly linear map design)- Garrett does not come across as a professional thief, more like an emo-batman, and the missions are way to easy and linear to require any thought or plan at all- the world is generic, inconsistent, not plausible, and therefore boring (loot placement, decorations, outdoor design, interior design)- there are no factions representing any kind of beliefs, the little struggle there is between factions is not shaping the world, it's just alternating who's running it- Garrett's writing and voice acting has declined sharply from previous titles- sound is not important at all, there is no robust sound propagation in this game, thus... Garret has a radar mapI could have enjoyed the game with all the other things that water down the experience for the sake of a broader audience: takedown mechanics, focus time, radar map instead of rough sketches, shallow side-quests, shallow character pseudo-progression, whatever rocks your AAA boat...But a set of features does not make a good game, especially not one that needs you to feel like you're there, in a dangerous place, pulling off a heist or rescuing a friend. For that you need depth, and that has gone out the window in this game."
76561198031944134,Not Recommended,239160,14755778,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,itchcrotch {PLX},"You know, one critic joked that you could beat this game by just running through all the guards to between checkpoints, slamming the door in their faces without much hassle. And no sh!t, that's actually what I ended up doing in the name of just getting the whole experience over with.It's a very lifeless game. It's got a very compitent stealth system and its mechanics work extremely well. It's just a shame you're never using them to do anything interesting.The main character's motivation for doing anything is never really given.The city is pretty open ended but divided painfully into small areas that all look pretty much the same. It's a nice aesthetic, but not for an entire game.Your only motivation for exploring is to steal stuff, but your only motivation for stealing stuff is for more money, but you don't need money! The basic mechanical system is more than enough to get through the whole game, you don't really need any of the items.This and Hitman: Absolution have the same very problem: They both come from series that were never about the protagonists, and as such said protagonists were just mostly blank avatars for you to explore the world with. Both Absolution and this game took those series and tried to make games all about their respective protagonists, and surprise surprise, said protagonists work perfectly well as avatars but aren't rich enough to be the focus of a story."
,Not Recommended,239160,29230388,Posted: 13 January,all,matt32767,"I don't recommend this game unless it's on sale and I'll explain why.The world, although masterfully crafted, is rather bland.  Many of the apartments that you break into, if not all of them, are just completely devoid of life.  Outside of missions specific places there is no one sleeping in a bed that you have to creep around to avoid waking, no one resting on a chair by a window watching the world fall to crap, no one eating dinner at a table.  In fact there is simply no one at all in these apartments! You loot away without a care to be quiet at all.  You're basically just looting abandoned houses.  Other than some traps that might be set up you're pretty much danger free and this makes the whole experience just an act of opening a treasure chest in any rpg/adventure game -- only now you have to root around in it and watch annoying animated repeatedly of you opening and window by mashing away at a button.The world is segmented and the game doesn't save the state of one area when you leave it.  Any guards you took out just a moment ago will be reawoken and walking the same path just because you opened a window leading to another street or pushed aside yet another beam to squeeze through some boxes.  The annoying women standing alone by some food stand for some reason in the middle of the night, adjusting her hat over and over again, is just going to be standing there adjusting her hat again even though you clubbed her head in just a moment ago.The story!  A big giant head full of WTF is waiting you when/if you beat this game.  The cut scene feels like it's just mashed in there with no regards to what happened beforehand and you'll understand what I mean if you make it to the end.  Which you will be treated to a very short and unsatisfying conclusion to what you've invested your time in.There's points in the game where you can make a choice and I was hoping that it would play out somehow further into the game, have some sort of bearing as to what would happen later on.  Nope.The treasure trunks!  I know this is just a small thing, but it was something that bothered me enough to write about it.  Why is it when I open these things, which stand about two feet tall, I'm greeted with a 4 in deep interior?  That's it, 4 inches and you hit wood?  I don't know if it's supposed to resemble a removable layer, like a tool box or fishing kit and there is more below, but I can't help but feel that's not it.  I think it was just a lazy♥♥♥♥♥design and they didn't take the time to, maybe, throw some junk texture in and make it appear that the loot your taking is sitting on a pile of crap and giving the trunk the appearance of depth.  No, instead you open up a deep looking trunk and peer in just to see a lonely cup and maybe some change sitting on some wood that's 4 inches from the top.The sound!  What the hell was going on with the sound?  Two people would be talking and one would be really loud while the other one could barely be heard?  Thankfully I play with subtitles on otherwise I would likely have missed out on a lot of conversations.All in all though, the game was incredibly beatiful and ran incredibly smooth.  Some parts were just wonderfully done and gave a rich experience, but I think I walk away with the feeling that this game was actually rather boring, empty and devoid of a real caring touch that could have turned it into something amazing.  Almost like all the development time was spent on the graphics and modelling and the rest was thrown in as an afterthough."
76561198007028614,Not Recommended,239160,12269990,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,{sBc} Buzz Kill {xXx},"The game slowly becomes more and more linear...Becomes beyond frustrating to play a ""stealth"" based game when the stealth BLOWS!Deus Ex is better... ASSASSIN'S CREED is better stealth based and that takes place entirely in the daylight...would not recommend to my worst enemy..."
,Not Recommended,239160,24982619,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DazPK,"First off, I never played the originals so I will judge this off its own merits.-The story is abysmal.-The gameplay is linear.-The mechanics are terrible, there is no 'jump' button and so you cannot jump on many things that look as though you should be able to.-Overall it is a very boring game with very few paths to take (usually just one but sometimes two).Do yourself a favour and play Dishonored instead."
76561198027286056,Not Recommended,239160,25990083,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,shanktheball,"This game is....problematic in many ways. It tries to ride the coattails of Dishonored, but Dishonored has a coherent storyline, compelling characters, and gameplay that feels less buggy and more intentional. the vast majority of the time that Garrett falls of something, it is not because I was being dumb, It's because the free run/climb things button is the same. this is...nearly impossible. Assassin's creed gets around this by having climb and interact be different buttons so when you fall it is at the very least more likely that it is your fault. Also, the guards run from dumb as an actual brick to upsettingly clairvoyant. Unfortunately, most of the time they're clairvoyant it's right where the game dropped you at a save point, so you spend the first 3 tries just hunting for a safe spot.But none of this compares to the truly lackluster storyline. Garrett acts like he could not care less about anything. Not got, not stealing, not Erin, nothing. LIke, stealing and his commentary about items stolen is delivered in this monotone that I ususally reserve for how I personally treat dog poo I have stepped in. But no, this is his career.Update: I finished the game and if anything, it has made me dislike it even more. Without any spoilers, suffice it to say that you're left wondering if you accomplished absolutely anything over the course of the whole storyline. That's not a good thing. The final boss was kinda cool, excepting for how bizarre the cut scene at the end was spliced. It felt like I had accidentally skipped some of the cutscene, but that is just reiterating how little the characters seem to care about their lives."
,Not Recommended,239160,24089455,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,J J,"I bought this game from a sale so I'm not that disappointed but I didn't like the game. The first two chapters were okay but after that I didn't really enjoy the game anymore.The boss fights in the last two chapters were horrible, they are one of the biggest reasons why I'm not recommending this game.Dishonored beats this game in every aspect, in my opinion.So if you want a good stealth game, do yourself a favor and buy Dishonored rather than this game."
76561198045208825,Not Recommended,239160,24521478,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Shatiz,"A number of things prevent me from recommending this game:1. It is too repetitive. There simply are not enough things to do, or enough ways to do them in; both the stealth aspect and the combat aspects are too limited. Many of the things you can do are boring or a bogged down in unnecessary animations (window climbing animation I’m look at you. First time is boring enough, 15th time you wanna kill someone).2. The story and the characters are generally boring and predictable. The hero has very little personality and the villain even less. The world seem interesting, but is barely presented more than “oh the city is so bad… so bad… really bad I promise.”3. There are not enough reasons to explore. There is constantly an arrowing pointing you in the right direction so you’ll never really have to look for the way. And the loot and secrets you can find… why bother? It’s just money and you don’t need money to progress. Unless you’re a completionist there is no point.4. I was considering sticking it out to see what happens, but why? I’m not enjoying the gameplay and I’m not enjoying the story. I think I’ll just stop here (about halfway, finished the 4th chapter).I’d avoid buying."
,Not Recommended,239160,17211821,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Timkins,"I'm going to give two reviews here, one in comparison to the rest of the Thief series and one as a standalone game.TL;DR Version (Read the first and last lines of the quote)Comparing it to Dark Project, Metal Age, and Deadly Shadows is somewhat pointless really, as the developers themselves hardly decided to take their predecessors amazing talent and creativity into account and ask ""Is this really what Thief is about?""  As a passionate fan of the series, I was incredibly disheartened to see major elements removed that made the games what they were- everything from full freedom of movement to the City itself, along with all of its inhabitants. This reboot, whether it belongs in a parallel dimension or in the future, or wherever the developers intended it to be, is unfortunately a hollow shell. Sure, you're a Thief, in a City, Stealing.  However, that isn't what made Thief the beloved series that it is.  Having the untethered abilility to climb almost anywhere or shoot a rope arrow into any wooden surface- and thus allowing unparallel choice, is what made Thief incredible. The games felt alive- all the way from the poorly scribbled maps to the various written correspondance that you crept upon.  The reboot just feels lifeless. Garrett is dull, the menu-generated maps and letters are a pain to read, and the progression is forced.In the end, there is hardly any way to compare this game to the first three.  Of course, the classic ones had plenty of flaws of their own; however this Reboot did not attempt to evolve from its predecessor in any way besides graphically.  In some cases, it's even a step back like in level design, creative direction, and most importantly, freedom of movement.So lets talk about Thief without comparing it to the other games in the series.  Right away, if you've played Dishonored, you'll feel like this is some strange spinoff.  The environment looks the same. The story sounds similar.  There is even this blind enigmatic woman.Level Design:While the city is fun to explore for the first few jumps and crawls, it gets repetitive quick, especially since you're forced to go through the same locations constantly.  There is hardly any dynamic changes to the guard patrols as the story moves on.  The main level here is the city- it's the hub between missions and locations. You'll spend most of your time here, buying expensive arrows to reach inexpensive treasures or constantly tapping your keyboard to jimmy open a window- a function that becomes infuriating once you realize that its a key ""feature"" of interactive design.  The actual missions become more challenging and sometimes offer multiple options of progression, often making the difference between ""Ghosting"" which means not utilizing any resources and basically leaving no trace, or being an ""Opportunist"" and snuffing candles, using vent shafts, or rope arrows.  While it's nice to have different routes based on playstyle, you usually end up in the same exact location, no matter the playstyle.  The illusion of choice is there, but when your only choice is to go into the same room, does it really matter whether you go through the back door or the window that's right next to that door? Not really.  Lastly, everything in the main hub resets when you complete a mission. All doors need to get unlocked, all vent shafts need to get unscrewed.  It's nothing short of repetitive, especially when you have to see the same action over and over again.Audio annd Music:The audio is very erratic- sometimes people talking next to you are very muffled and other times you hear guards or other voices talking through multiple walls.  You constantly pass by conversations that are supposed to occur behind closed doors or windows but it sounds like they are right in front of you.  Speaking of conversation, you'll be hearing the same lines of banter over... and over... and over.  Sloop sellers here, sloop sellers there.  I didn't really get an ambient feeling- the music was pretty forgetful and sometimes overpowered the audio, especially in dangerous situations when I was attempting to listen to footsteps. Speaking of footsteps, there was hardly a difference on what surface you stepped on, whether it was noisy glass, metal, or water.  As long as you move slow, you won't be heard. Even though I'm hearing the glass being crushed clearly beneath me, Benny the guard can't, despite being right behind me.Character Design:As I mentioned, most characters are boring.  Even Garrett.  He isn't some ""master thief""- he's a clumsy brigand that relies too much on his tools rather than his wits. I've had to do massive amounts of reloading soley due to him missing a rope that was right in front of him, or falling off a rail for no reason.  The context sensitivity is ridiculous on all accounts.  Regarding his tools, its amusing how in the prologue, Garrett scolds his protege for relying too much on the grappling hook, yet as soon as he takes possession of it, he can't survive without it.  For a city that is supposed to be alive, it looks and feels dead. You either talk to the same three questgivers who say the same things, or to some blackmarket vendors who all look the same. The guards look no different than the criminals who replace them later in the chapters.  Despite the detail and hardwork put into the city, the appearance and dialogue of the NPCs seem more of an afterthought than anything.Story:Bland. If you haven't played the previous games, you'll uncover a gleam of possibility in the muddy cracks of this city.  Unfortunately, it ends before you get anywhere.  If you've played the previous games, at the least, you'll be incredibily disappointed at the writers for missing an opportunity to re-establish some beloved factions.  At most, you'll probably feel a bit insulted that they attempted to make some subtle references to the city of the past and left it in the shadows.Overall, I give Thief 2014 a 2/5.  Almost a 3/5 for being a playable standard game, but personally, I can't help but compare it to its precursors.  The developers decided to make it a part of the series afterall. Play Dishonored or the original series instead."
,Not Recommended,239160,9437348,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,nutcrackr,"Thief is a troubled reboot of an excellent stealth franchise. Garrett explores claustrophobic, circuitous city hubs that are linked together with frequent loading screens. Side quests are exercises in tedium as you search for the indirect route into treasure rooms. Once inside you’ll comb through empty drawers and watch Garrett grab every item. Missions take you outside hubs into more focused situations. The Northcrest Manor mission is one of few highlights, with numerous routes of infiltration and flames that encourage the use of water arrows.When creeping around you’ll be disheartened to learn how the ground surface has little impact on stealth. Moss is gone too; so you have to crawl over endless puddles of broken glass that you can’t jump over because Thief only allows contextual mantle. Don’t try to grab anything when on glass because Garrett will crunch the shards and you’ll be heard. Luckily you can hear guards from far away, but they sound like they are inside your ear canal and will never call you taffer. The sound systems are worse than the original and this is compounded when guards repeat quips or copy each other’s lines.Stealing loot and sneaking around guards can still be satisfying. The swoop mechanic has some merit and the focus blue hue is actually useful in the dull, foggy interiors. Unfortunately the story brushes over themes from the previous games as though the Trickster himself wrote it. It ends with an unresolved finale that does no favours to the jumbled story. This was not the way things were supposed to go. 6/10"
76561198199712869,Not Recommended,239160,25597746,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,sickness.the.dick,"I'm going to make this short. Although the original games were some of my favorite games of all time, I'm going to post my brief thoughts on this game as a stand-alone title, ignoring the existance of it's ancestors.This game is very bad. At the very core of the game, there's a glint of enjoyable gameplay, from swooping from shadow to shadow and avoiding detection from guards. The issue is... literally everything else. The story was stolen from some fourteen-year-old's submission to a fanfic site, the level design is shallow and frustrationg, the dialogue, while I think was delivered by competent voice actors, is dramatically written and over the top, even the very structure of the city feels messy and difficult to navigate, and not in a fun, artistic way. Instead of going after very valuable items and planning out your course, you're stealing a bunch of pens and scissors. This Garrett is not a master thief, he is a kleptomaniac with delusions of grandeur. There was not a single character I cared about, the story was confusing and did not invoke any sort of emotional response.Playing this game felt like a chore. Except I'd rather be doing chores, because after you do a chore you feel like you accomplished somehting. You don't get that feeling of accomplishment from this game.I didn't feel like a master thief at work, I felt like a clumsy tourist making my way through a boring city where everyone's depressed, trying to take everything that isn't nailed down, and even some of the things that are. I tried three times to play this computer program. This 'game'. I failed. Please save yourself the frustration and money and skip this title.Unlike love, it's better to have never raged, than to have raged and lost."
76561198014157371,Recommended,239160,23125491,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,aykeem,"A lot of people are hating on this game because of what it didn't do right, but I didn't see enough people give credit where it's due.- it's a very difficult game (playing on hardest difficulty). You have a very limited number of lethal arrows, their cost is prohibitive. The AI is very good and there are no apparent ways to cheese your way around, blackjacking everyone, like in the original Thief games. You lack a consistent way of taking out guards if they spot you, so you're forced to use the stealth approach most of the time. The combat is stacked against you and you're certainly no Corvo Attano.- the atmosphere is incredibly well executed. The animations are excellent: the way Garret nudges doors closed, the way he  opens chests and safes, his light touch as he feels for hidden buttons behind a painting. The sound effects are very good, the overheard dialogue is great; you'll once again find yourself trying your best to only walk on softs carpets, or standing still in a shadowy nook listening to the guards chat. The lighting effects are gorgous and very reliable in terms of  where you will be hidden and where you will be lit up (with a couple of exceptions, here and there).- the world is executed with a clear attention to details. The environment is very rich and believable.- it is mostly a linear experience, but there is at least one huge level, open for exploration, that for me counter balances the rest of the game (A Man Apart - Northcrest Manor).- the developers put quite a bit of effort into creating missions that feel different and are not just variations of a manor raid. The morgue, the brothel, the ancient ruins, the asylum - they are all memorable locations.All in all, Thief isn't the perfect reboot, but I think it's very good if you approach it with an open mind and not expecting a reskinned The Dark Project. It's main weaknesses are that the level design is too linear and that it came out after Dishonored, really. If the developers take into account the feedback they got from the players and focus on a more open level design for a potential sequel, it will be a very good game."
,Not Recommended,239160,20672511,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Having played all the previous games, I couldn’t pass on an opportunity to try out the latest in the Thief series. This one in particular seems to have also gathered a rather bad reputation, but that didn’t really deter me from trying it out for myself. I did manage to play it all the way through the end and came to the conclusion that this game is basically a weak upgrade to Thief: Deadly Shadows with a bit of Dishonored thrown in.Gameplay is altered a bit by the new ‘swoop’ mechanic, which allows garret to zip across short distances similar to the blink ability in Dishonored. At first this seems almost like cheating but it is counterbalanced a bit by noisy surfaces and broken glass, which give the sound effect as if you had sprinted over them.You get the usual myriad of special arrows including the new choking and blunt arrows used for stunning opponents and remotely triggering devices and switches respectively. The rope arrow makes a return, but it’s pretty gimped and can only be used as a “key” to get to certain highlighted areas. You also get a few purchasable tools usable for unlocking areas and disabling traps. Finally there are a bunch of passive and active focus abilities that can augment Garret’s ability to stealth, pick locks, fight, and other useful thief-related things.Playing through the game on highest difficulty, I kind of expected something akin to previous Thief games where I would be required to loot a certain percentage of the level’s treasures. Unfortunately, the new challenge system no longer requires that you meet specific requirements to complete a level. Instead, you receive bonuses for meeting certain criteria like “avoid detection” and “knock out X enemies”. The only overall requirement the game seemed to impose, even at the highest difficulty, was “don’t kill or knock out civilians”. So basically you can just zip through levels and avoid collecting any treasure if you want (not very thief-like!) Most of the upgrades are pretty useless for stealth playthroughs too as well as most of the arrows and tools.Towards the end of the game I kind of stopped caring about looting places and picking pockets because, to me, the whole game started playing more like an action-fest than what Thief is supposed to be. Even exploring the hub areas for secrets and treasures is soured by the requirement of buying expensive rope arrows, only to find out that the loot you uncover barely covers the initial cost. This is essentially punishing the player for exploring levels, and a huge no-no for making a Thief game. The collectables system doesn’t even pay out until you’ve completed a set, further forcing the player into unnecessary debt from spending arrows to reach secret areas. The whiney female sidekick dream sequence levels didn’t do much to improve my mood either and probably could have been handled way better. Additionally, they decided that adding boss battles to Thief would be a good idea (it isn't).Ultimately, I cannot recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of previous Thief games. If you’re completely new to the series, you probably won’t care and it’ll be another barely-memorable action game to you. Thief’s only saving grace is that it wasn’t AS bad of a game to its series as Absolution was to Hitman, but man, it’s not very far behind either."
,Not Recommended,239160,13119852,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BitInn,"As an original Thief series fan, I find it difficult to enjoy this new installment:1. Opaque, over-used, slow-to-open, worse-than-loading-barwindows are the real plague.2. None of that stop its texture pop-in, especially in zoomed view, it's high-res for sure but not seemless.3. This is not the same Garrett, and arguably a less intriguing character.Maybe Thief is trying to find new root in the Stealth genre (seems to be taking a lot of cue from Hitman, another SE product), but the little I played of it didn't seem promising."
76561197963056744,Not Recommended,239160,15723944,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,CheeseMonkey,"I'm a hard core THIEF fan, I was there when THIEF 1 hit the shelves, addicted ever since.  A complete THIEF outfit & blackjack, a real nut job over this game. I too was drooling when Theif 4 was on the horizon, but put it off till after I began reading the reviews...  Still, I bought it far later when it was on super-duper sale ($8 bucks).   So lets get to the facts that whatever you heard about this game is true:1. THIEF 4  is an artificial soybean byproduct colored & shaped to look like the original Franchise game.  (ie: lacking)2. They did get alot of things right~such as great graphics and interesting storyline + grappling hook for climbing.3. However, they simply got far too many things wrong ~ annoyingly wrong - to the point gamers wonder if the developers even bothered testing a play-through before release.  In reality, they could have fixed some outrageously annoying bugs after-the-fact with a simple update: but did not.  So why is it there is so much UTTER HATE for this beautiful game that had such a loyal following  ?   well...3.a: Even if you never played THIEF before, you will wonder why they designed EVERY window entry as ""Carpel Tunnel Syndrome"" with animation ??? this was one of their top idiotic moves.  Imagine having a severe repetition compulsive disorder every time you had to open a door EVERY DOOR (but a window instead) = now you understand.  (tap key 10 times EVERY time= omg, omg omg.. stop omg why did they design it this way?... omg !)3.b: THIEF 4 has the most Frustrating map design system you will ever experience (seriously) its so aggravating to try to find your way around that you just give up.. thats right... just say ""screw this!"" and give up, because the place you need to get to is only a few feet away, the map flag shows it as such, but you CANNOT find a way to get to it... its flabergasting that ANYONE let alone a game developer would design such a wonky broken map.3.c:  Do you get lost often playing THIEF 4 ?  you're not alone, it's because the mini-maps links to mini-mini-maps- even loading for a single (yes ONE TINY ROOM = mini-mini-mini map)  its so annoying that it saps the fun out of the game, your life and your own existance (its that aggravating).3.d: Forced play cut-scenes: ?  Developers, you DO NOT force people to PLAY through cutscenes where you can die and have to do so 10 - 20 times forced to watch the same damn animation over and over and over again until they either get it right (or) trash their console with a nearby broken chair leg!  The lead developer of THEIF 4 should go hide in a cave in the deepest reaches of Nepal ~ his name forever shunned.4. Garrett already had a back story ~ as the unsung hero that faded into the shadows, sacraficing far more than he had ever swiped:   Now, Garrett is but a ... well, just a lowly lame Thief: steal this - steal that - go back to the same place and steal same stuff again - or only find empty LOCKED safes ?  and who keeps relocking the grates ?  and why are there grungy weapon merchants in God forsaken holes in the ground or ruins that makes No sense whatsoever.  Reliving the Asylum and the undercity was a tad unoriginal ~ we really expected more creativity.5. Okay, so done with the rant, the point was there were alot of silly flaws with this game that could have been so easily fixed with an update (but were not for some reason) that would have made the experience alot more fun.  NOTE: forced animation and compulsive disorder on every window entry is a FAIL!  plus; the map design is an inexcusable FAIL FAIL FAIL!   Now considering this is a 20 (yes twenty) gig download and as drooling fans waited 10 years for Thief 4 we expected some meat & potatos, not the knob of a water arrow in the♥♥♥♥♥♥6. (buy it on sale) It was worth the $8, but would not pay retail: and it took 48hrs to download via DSL; replayability ?  maybe for some in Hard Mode, but I won't bother because I NOW HAVE CARPEL TUNNEL SYNDROME (thanks Eidos)  and would rather not have to take medication due to mental distress from navigating the map over again.OVERVIEW: This was a surprising fail for an Original Series that had such great promise and Loyal Gamer following; I truly hope the Taffers at Eidos Montreal didn't kill off the THIEF franchise with one to many club taps to the skull and  Garrett sulks away forever into the shadows; and hope a New Developer worth their sack of gold will continue his legacy....It's a Keeper !"
,Not Recommended,239160,13945940,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ExM,"I do not recommend this game for impatient people. I never got the chance to even finish it because of constant pathing or glitching issues. Finally I just removed it and called it a day. I had no patience to be interrupted in my game play from dev bugs. Even people who did walkthroughs very early on youtube experienced the same thing where a 30 mins recording turned into 6 hours. It doesn't look like a patch was deployed early on to fix these issues either for PC version. Great story and game and was having a lot fo fun with it until a another bug came to it's surface. If you want to play it and have patience through it's bugs, it's great."
76561197982173048,Not Recommended,239160,15679974,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Arch1119,"At first glance I was excited about this game. I bought upon release and then uninstalled after about 2 and a half hours of playing, which even after such a short time left quite a grimace on my face until payday when I bought a much more fullfing stealth game. I decided to give it another chance awhile back....never again...I deeply regret paying money for a game that I wasn't expecting much from and still ended up horribly disappointed. Having played and loved the orignal Thief, I was hoping to see a retextured world with a proper physics engine that would allow me to feel more like Garrett than I had in the original.I got none of this, the game does not play well, and it is flat out and simply put...boring."
76561198016984493,Not Recommended,239160,34065911,Posted: 6 August,all,ParetoEfficient,"Do not waste your money on this game. It is nothing like the original Thief games. They took away all the original factions and story lines with a silly, surface-level plot. Even the original voice actor for Garrett, Steven Russell, was replaced, which in all honesty made the game suck before it was even released. It is safe to say that Thief 4 should be left out of the Thief series so as to not ruin them. Do yourself a favor and only buy the first 3 games. You WILL NOT be dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,239160,25785209,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Unrealdeath,"I tried this game three times .. at my farthest try i was to chapter four, were i couldn't play it anymore.Why?Because this game was an disappointment, well not in the jump from shadow to shadow part, but the rest.- Controls suck, do i really have to smash a button just do change the area? One time is oke, but the other 1000 times just weren't necessary.- AI is not bad, it's simply broken as sh*t.- level design is a bad joke, i died many times cause i thought i could climb dead ends. -.- Maybe it's just because in the old titles there were more than one way to get to your target,but in this game the path is so linear you can't miss it. Well at least if you know that, otherwise you die like me in dead ends.- Characters, yeah well there are none, beside Garrett, which i do remember.- Story funny thing, there was something about a disease or so but well, that's it.Don't buy it. Really - don't do it. Try Dishonored, or the old thief games instead."
,Recommended,239160,9264109,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,hud,"I am a huge fan of the original Thief games which are in my top 10 favorite games of all time. So I was worried this new game would not live up to the original. I am about half way thru it and I think it does it justice. In many respects they improved things, such as the graphics, which is to be expected. The sneak aspect is tough in this game like it should be., They leave it optional how you want to power your character up, so he can have an easier time or not, They add some stuff like dogs and birds in cages that can react to your presence, which is great,The voice actors aren't the same but are OK. A problem with this game that the older game did not have is the characters have limited sound bytes so you hear the same dialog a lot. The old games were good about not doing that. The writing isn't as good, but its not bad. It's just that the original games were top notch. As good as Half Life games. This is solid but not quite as powerful. The original games had a creepy feel to them that was actually very effective. You always felt danger was around every corner.I just replayed all of them and they still worked on me. This game doesn't do that quite as well. But it is still very good, regardless, and it is not easy. It also has excellent puzzles and Tomb Raider style climbing skills which it needed.So I would say it's well worth the money and I want more. Thief is an awesome series."
,Recommended,239160,11198250,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,WildClown,"Steampunk stealth-action with an idiotic story.I have not played the original ""Thief"", this is my first game I traversed in this series and I can not compare it to its predecessors. The game begins with the fact that Garrett got into the apartment what that drunken man and begins to rob him and idiocy happening immediately catches the eye. Garrett steals from the poor man all, start from spoons and purse and ending with the chandelier. In the beginning it was not annoying, and it looks very interesting thanks to good character animation action. After the protagonist leaves the house of the victim and starting with a story about the history of the master thief and his unlucky pupil. In the course of the prologue Garrett says very funny phrase#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorNo matter how much you steal, it is important that you steal.In this case just remember the first 5 minutes of the game where the main character stuffing their pockets with junk, just do want to bridle attention to the fact that the main character steals everything that caught his eye, and because of the passage of the locations on the 100% is a very dull and boring. Then begins the exposition of the plot, which at first seems quite intriguing. But the whole affair fades as the story progresses, because he is stupid, predictable and just boring. Rhianna Pratchett unlike her father is unable to come up with something less interesting and memorable. Sometimes it seems that the storyline made ​​only for the sake of what would at least like something to explain the appearance of Garrett on the affine or locations. In a plot full of logical holes, and some things can not be a cynic Garrett intelligible explanation. But unlike the story of the gameplay and the dark atmosphere of the game very well. There is nothing innovative, and the levels are linear and sometimes lose out in terms of design another game from the same devs - DE: HR, but they still have a variety of passing. In Thief can not play as DE: HR or Dishonored killing all in its path, as Garrett is very weak in open battles with guards. Although all the enemies you can just kill with a bow, because the AI ​​is very stupid. Another positive feature of this game is a great implementation of a bow (with a really very convenient and fun to shoot) and a large supply of various arrows, which can help in any given situation. But the city in the game feels empty and dead. Main characters in the game template and uninteresting. In general, if not pay emphasis on story and the stupidity of what is happening, you can get a decent stealth action with a great bow. But if you plan to find here a great steam-punk history that I disappoint you, there is no such."
,Recommended,239160,9641059,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Canti,"I spent a lot of time mulling over what can be said about Thief.Unfortunately, nothing in the game is particularly bad, or good. There's very little of anything actually interesting to do or to see.Gameplay is standard 1st person with stealth elements. Hiding in the shadows, breaking into buildings, stealing loot. Picking locks gets repetitive after the 100th time, like most of the content in game you will be repeating over and over. The fun part is plotting your method to break into a building, most of the missions will give you multiple ways to do so.Graphics are fine, but performance is poor. Frame-rates dip when entering new areas. Sometimes characters glitch out and start spinning in a circle or textures take on a strange rainbow-like flashing colours. The city is a gloomy, depressing place and the visuals reflect this very well.Audio is weak. Half of the time, I can't even hear what characters are telling me. The other half, I can hear people through solid walls as if they were stood right next to me. Add to this there isn't any noteworthy music or voice acting.The game is relatively bug-free. Aside from the rare graphical glitches and framerate issue I previously mentioned, I did not encounter any game-breaking bugs during my time playing.In conclusion, it's a very ""meh"" game. Not bad at all, but it fails to impress in any area. If you can pick it up for 50% off, I would recommend it. Again, it's hard to think of anything to say about this game because it manages to straddle the ""average"" line so accurately."
,Recommended,239160,29939211,Posted: 15 February,all,rightasrain,"Ah Thief. What nostalgic memories of games gone by. That feeling of lonely vast halls, tall-ceiling buildings, creepy abandoned (really?) houses. Those were the first three games.This last Thief is nothing like that.Linear it may be, and frustrating to have to access areas again and again and each time discover those re-spawned npcs. Damn it! And rooms that go nowhere when you're trying to get through to the other side, access points to other parts of the map that let you in but don't let you out so another way has to be found, falling down ladders until you realise on pc it's W+Space. Wha?But still, I enjoyed the game, it looks good, there's still some strategising and some difficult areas that have to be worked out. Characters don't have much dimension and the game felt short and rushed. But all in all, it was a great Christmas present and from my son at that. It's replayable as well."
,Not Recommended,239160,14661474,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,KABIR,"Let me put it very simple: These idiots destroyed the classic! The first biggest and stupidest mistake is to not keep Stephen Russel's voice as Garret. Not even close to good as the first 3 titles that came out. Has good graphics but I think it still lacks a lot for today's tecnology. This Garrett acts and sounds like a sissy imbecile. Very different from the original Thief series.  Didn't like it! I have played the first 3 a several times and will play more in the future as they are a master-piece. This game is NOT Thief, it is Teef or something else."
76561197961600434,Not Recommended,239160,9301409,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,commodore128,"This game is not Thief, it's nothing but a brew of concepts from all Thief Series, mixing it with Assassin's Creed, Dishonoured to try and pull a massive base of console game players. The game is totally dumbed down.  If you though the voice actor sage was an issue, that's considered minor now. I played the previous Thief Games, I finished them a few times.WEAK POINTS-Firstly this game was totally bugged out running 64 bit version, extremely choppy and very slow gameplay, This was solved a few days later buy running the 32 bit version of game.-The level design is very linear, very simple, (no longer can you roam freely) No more big size levels, with great detail like the old series games. (it's like the Thief version of Call of Duty)-Their are no more hammers, keepers, so much lost.-Their is no atmosphere.-The Character can not jump (bizzare!), the AI and enemy are not up to the standard as before.-The Character sneaks too slow and moves too quickly this destroys the gameplay. You would never want to press the sneak button.-The Audio gameplay is basically gone ( walking on tiles, carpet, rock isn't as sensestive as before)-The story is just weak.-This is probably one of the worst game's I've played. nothing memorable about it.-PROS-Graphics seems good (but everthing else is a totally failure)Totally regret buying this game, even if it you get it on sale, it will just be a waste of your time. I think that's the end of Thief Series.Don't give your money to Edios for this. Edios have turned in snake oil sales men, selling you inferior products, created by bunch of game developers have NO  IDEA! how to create a Thief Game.I still can't fadaom how such a studio can can screw up the Thief Series, one best series every released on the PC turned into the worst increment in living history.I want my money back! I paided 50 dollars based on repuation of the other three games, what I got what was not a THIEF game or a successor. But a generic, boring, dumbed down, cut scene, half game, hold your hand type of game, that would bore any serious gamer."
,Not Recommended,239160,25622810,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Staple boi,"Just get dishonored. it's better.This ""game"" has more bugs than a forest"
,Not Recommended,239160,26565170,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Galu,This game is so disappointing. The visuals were good and the first few moments are engaging and then you realise it is the same boring monotonous trawl through every level; absolutely no variety and not an engaging enough story to hook you in.
,Not Recommended,239160,12507602,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Solo シ,"I usually only write long reviews when I give a game a thumbs down.Reviews like this only come when I did not enjoy a game.Now theif was a game that I thought was really interesting and when I started playing, it was a lot of fun going into stores and looting things. In fact, looting and stealing is what makes the game fun, however the fact you're stealing silverware and mostly small trinkets here and there that happen to be made of precious metals just isn't that fun.I haven't played the previous game in the series, and though this game is supposed to focus on stealth, I found that the clunky controls and plenty of load times in between places and areas made the game a chore to play. Perhaps most people like this game but I did not enjoy it for various reasons including the optimization and game play style.Thumbs down from me."
,Not Recommended,239160,30019192,Posted: 18 February,all,chaos,"Reasonably good but unexceptional core stealth gameplay attached to an incoherent train wreck of a plot. The core characters, including the protagonist, are all unlikeable and frequently behave inexplicably.  The quiet antihero of the original games turned into a chatty jackass.Dishonored is a better Thief reboot than this is. But if you love first person stealth gameplay, and it's on deep discount ($10, tops, ideally $5), it's probably an okay purchase."
,Not Recommended,239160,28128561,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"I spent more time trying to fix this badly-optimized port than I did actually playing it.  A rare misfire from Nixxes.You should probably be playing Dishonored, anyway."
76561197965885631,Recommended,239160,18474503,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Hunter,"I finished Thief as the sun set, left my apartment for a walk to stretch my plague shrivelled toes. Emerging from that dark world, I reflected on the deceit of Orion, the moral quandries of our nobal thief, the cries of terror and hollow moans of a city squeezed by the plague, and the stench of rats and fecal matter in the streets. I eyed the windows I passed, assessing each based on ease of entry and likelihood of occupants, unconciously feeling for the crowbar at my hip.Total play-time: 18 hours.Thief is set in a dark world, bridging stealth gameplay with linear horror elements. The ambience was great, once you get into it. Sad to say the first 10 hours of gameplay was spread out over a number of months, as I just couldn't really get into it very quickly.Gameplay: 5/10The controls are all over the map. And the map is a murky labyrinth at best. I almost quit playing because I couldn't figure out how to drop off a dangling rope. Turns out there is a seperate key for that.Once I became comfortable with it the game became much more enjoyable, but it takes a while.A/V: 8/10Ambiance, thy name is Thief. Excellent enivronments, albeit slightly linear, but that's ok because not every game released these days is obligated to be open-world survival. The architecture and attention to detail was great. The background noises and sounds drifting through the city were haunting. The music got old after a while, so I turned it off and was still immersed by the sounds of the city.Dialogue/Storyline: 5/10The dialogue was sub-par, but the overall storyline was quite interesting. Nothing is really explained in detail as most of the characters don't mince words much, so there are some intuitive leaps in the story. Most of your journey will take place alone in the dark, if you're not prepared for that then go play Nekopara or something. You really get a sense of  stoic pessimism from most of the characters that sits quite naturally in their bleak world.Overall: 18/30I love horror games, and I do enjoy stealth, so this one was uniquely catered to my tastes. That being said I can't recommend it for everyone. If you do give it a shot, give it some time, keep it on the backburner as it moves pretty slow at times."
,Not Recommended,239160,12142030,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Grandpa Trinity,"This game is no way closer similar to any thief before. The one before were great, immersive, tricky, of course. But this one is just pushing it quite far in my opinion.I've made it to chapter 2 and am completly clueless about the puzzle (The stairs turning..) I am not one to check online tutorials and after multiple hours of going back and forth at the search of a clue were not giving any success. You get to have some naked action in the second chapter and hell, if I could figure out this chapter's puzzle, I'd probably still have fun but anyway.The sneaking system is pretty lacking, I've made a whole lot of playing in the first two chapters and the ennemies seems to ""know"" where you are even when the noise was on the other side. For example, throw a bottle on one side of a door, hide behind said door. Guard turns up towards me instead of the side of the door where the noise was from. The crows are terribly annoying, just standing there and quacking the very second you ""dash"" alright, walking can make it easier. But not when there's a dozen guards around that one candle you want to extinguish to proceed. I am not an expert then again so I can't complain.Will probably update once I get back to it, but for now I wouldn't recommend it to ""casual"" players. I'm good with puzzles but that one is literally making me clueless."
76561198045607830,Not Recommended,239160,14585745,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,hunding,"With uninspired gameplay and a plot as weak as it is re-hashed, Thief isn't worth the money. It perpetuates negative stereotypes against women, makes being violent easier than choosing another path, and provides no real consequences to any choices one makes."
,Not Recommended,239160,19991359,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GooseAttack,"Fascinatingly bad. I made it through thirteen hours before having to bail as I just couldn't take any more.There is no fun to be had in this game. Not a single bit. No satisfaction to be gained, no immersion to accumulate, nothing worth experiencing. Joyless. Dead.It's interesting because it's a high-profile game. A lot of work has gone into it. I think it's an excellent example of what what's wrong with major title game development. This is product. It's not art, it's not designed to make a statement -- it's designed to be as bland and marketable as possible. It is completely generic. It might as well be called ""Action Video Game"". There isn't anything you won't have seen before many times -- it feels like took as many bits from other popular games as they could and shoved them into a machine which mushed them together and sucked all the individuality and interest out of them.Let's cover the good things first, because there aren't many. It looks nice. The Unreal engine is very competently implemented, and the Mac port which I played has many thoughtful little features (like disabling notifications).That is it. There is nothing else I say to compliment this game.The original Thief: The Dark Project is one of my all time favourite games. So much fun. Sure, it had its flaws but it was bursting with life, with personality. So much thought and care had gone into it. It was completely immersive, kinda hard and a privilege to play. It's safe to say that nothing of the original has survived.You reprise the role of Garrett: Master Thief, but you'll tire of him pretty quickly. Before, he was a likable scoundrel, a master of his craft. The sort of guy who'd sneak an apple off from the table by a guard and slink off munching it. New Garrett is insufferably banal - he'd have been much better as a silent protagonist because every time I heard him I mentally disassocaited myself. And the master thief? He's now spends his time rummaging through hovels stealing mugs and scissors from poor people. Oh good, I found a bracelet in a drain. I stole a pair of scissors from squalid flat. This goblet that the beggar sitting opposite can't even be bothered with? I'll have that. It all goes into the enormous invisible bag of loot I'm presumably lugging along with me, full of hand mirrors and picture frames. You don't even get to fence them, they turn into cash instantly. Forget eyes on the prize, Garret's going for candlesticks now.They've tried to make him into Batman, but didn't take on board that the main appeal of playing as Batman is that YOU GET TO BE BATMAN. Garrett is not Batman, no matter how gruff he is or how many time he reminds you that he's wearing leather (he will do that a lot).The game combines elements from other popular titles such as Dishonoured, Batman, Assassin's Creed, Tomb Raider & Mirror's Edge resulting in something not nearly as good as any of them.At every turn this game gives the impression that the makes had an incredibly strict script they want the player to follow. You will do this thing, now you will do this. Now you will go here. Now you will jump. Now you will climb a rope. Now you will think this thing. There's no sense of free will. There's no fun. It's horrible. Bad level design, terrible writing/story, awful acting, banal main character, frustrating gameplay, 0/10 avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,239160,28247176,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Freth,"The Thief series is one that's been near and dear to my heart as one of my most favorite franchises.  I still remember when the first Thief came out, it blew me away.  And then Thief 2 upped the bar.  Thief 3 had one of the scariest gaming experiences ever and it carried the franchise forward.  Thief 4 took years to come to fruition and the fan base was so eager to see the fourth installment.  When it finally did get released, excitement turned to disappointment as the game didn't meet the standards set by its predecessors.  Keep in mind, open-world games like Skyrim (which was released in 2011; Thief 4 was released in 2014) were embracing giving the gamer ultimate freedom.  Meanwhile, Thief 4 boxed the gamer into small ""cells"", giving more a feeling of a chlostrophobic Assassin's Creed than what we were accustomed to with Thief.  The developers shot themselves in the foot by giving us a restrictive, linear, consolitis let-down.  Now don't get me wrong, the game mechanics were enjoyable, but the knowledge that you're moving from tiny cell to tiny cell ruined the gameplay for me; that and the linear way the levels were designed.  It was disappointing, because Thief 4 should've been so much more.  I envision a world of Thief 4, much like Skyrim, a huge world where a thief could thrive and gain limitless wealth.  I hate to keep comparing Thief 4 to Skyrim, but if you look at the thief aspects available in Skyrim, it's what Thief 4 should've been.  Thief 4 is the first in the series I didn't complete, because of its flaws.  Nowadays, I get my fix with Skyrim, because it simply does everything better than Thief 4.  I still love the Thief franchise and I have high hopes that a lesson was learned and that the developers scrap the restrictive aspect of Thief and go for open world awesomeness.  It is possible, as evidenced by Skyrim.  That's what Thief players want, a large unrestricted and open world to explore, missions to complete and a game worthy of the franchise.  I can't recommend Thief 4.  Instead, I suggest you check out Thief 2 and 3, both of which should put you in the right frame of mind for the franchise.  Then, if you're still left wanting, go be a thief in Skyrim and enjoy a massive game world with gravy loot."
,Recommended,239160,21737422,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,tabsterLasVegas,"This is a qualified recommendation.1) Only buy it when it' on sale, like 75% off. It's hard to complain when you get a game at such a low price.2) The criticisms of the game are valid, such as:a) The maps are small, a limitation carried over from the console versions.b) The story seems unfinished, in particular the abrupt and inexplicable ending.c) You can only jump, climb and use rope arrows at designated locations. In other words, it feels constrained.3) If you play the main story and scour the maps for loot, you'll get about 20 hours of gameplay. Side missions could add several more hours.4) The one redeemable aspect is the high quality graphics. This game looks great on an Nvidia GTX 970. The graphics contribute to the atmosphere of the game.5) I suggest that you put aside any comparison to the previous Thief games, and play it with the eyes of a new player.Now, comparing Thief with Dishonored, Dishonored is definitely a better game. However, Thief is still, mostly, an enjoyable game that's worth $7.49 for 20+ hours of gameplay."
76561198008533110,Not Recommended,239160,9286531,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,professor dog,No Pagans. No Hammerites. No Keepers. Extremely linear. Seems as if the previous thief games never happened. Horrible AI. Enough said.
76561198015627518,Not Recommended,239160,13640316,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,hydrofoam,"I was very exited to play this game, but I probably won't even finish it.  I'm about half way through and I'm not interested in the story, and I don't like the mechanics.   It kinda feels like a bad console port.  I'm very disappointed.  I thought it would feel similiar to dishonored, but it's nowhere near as good."
,Not Recommended,239160,9295634,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Pancake_Hunter,"Unoptimised for nVidia/Intel. Sponsored by AMD. Runs like crp right now. Let me know when the game is fixed. Ham, numbers, sonic and empty bagels for everyone. Thank you all and don't forget to feed the boar."
,Not Recommended,239160,31503183,Posted: 2 May,all,Reichskanzler de Alemania,Want some good ol' stealth experience just like the classic Thief titles? Well me too but I guess we both have to look somewhere else for it.
76561198088770730,Not Recommended,239160,9493570,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,2fat2kidnap,this game is bad
76561198118341435,Not Recommended,239160,35207154,Posted: 25 September,all,Crepsley,"What is there to say? It is thief. Without open ended levels...without wit...without solid writing...without garett. Because he is basically batman now. But most importantly; NOBODY SAYS TAFF ANYMORE!So if you want a thief game with good graphics and without any heart or anything at all, give it a try otherwise can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,239160,11961268,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,RIP Half-Life,"when they made this the aim was money, not a good game. It feels nothing like the other games. If you are going to buy this expecting the other thief games but with new story and better graphics you are going to be very very disappointed. Just five months ago this game was £40.00, now its £20.00. If that isnt a sign that the game is just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥i dont know what is. But i have to say i enjoyed the Aslum level but that only lasted around 10 minutesRight now this game is on sale for £6.79 and i guess it is just about worth that."
,Recommended,239160,17008248,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sonsia,"I honestly think people bash this game far too much. It isn't the originals, no, but that doesn't make it bad. I personally found it to be very fun and very immersive - there's quite a lot to do, and a fair bit of loot and collectibles to find. It's honestly hard to get them all if you play without a guide or something.The graphics and the simple flow of the game are quite beautiful, and really well done. I enjoyed the storyline, too - simple, but easy to follow, logical, and quite fun. Aside from the Thief-Taker General and such (Who you're kind of meant to hate), the only character I really despised was Erin. I just found her annoying.Most people's complaints are about Garrett not being the original Garrett, and that everybody hates his new voice, his new look, and the fact that he's shown to somewhat care for characters like Basso, the fence. Honestly, there isn't a problem with Garrett's new voice, and I reckon his new outfit is badass. Also, while there are a number of references to the older games, it's clear that this is a different Garrett - as in, he's seperated from the old Garrett by several centuries. He even makes an open reference to the 'old Garrett'. So, yes, he ISN'T meant to be the old Garrett, but he's still a shadey and edgy character like the old one.Really, this is a great game, and I honestly hope we get another one with the new Garrett (And no Erin, oh please). Old Garrett was lovable, but I see nothing wrong with this one.10/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,25654809,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,KaLEVr1,"It's not a bad game but it's horribly scripted. All FPS games are scripted to some extent but this one is extreme. For example I have to get from the ground to a rooftop. From where I'm standing I can see many possible paths to the roof but only one path matters and that's the one that's hard-coded into the game. I may want to jump on a box on the left, then onto a fence, and then leap and grab the roof and pull myself up. Unfortunately, I can't jump on the box on the left because it's not highlighted and I can't interact with it. It registers as too high although it's identical to the box on the right. I CAN jump on the right box however and then find other things I can interact with to get to the roof. It's frustrating being unable to interact with 95% of the items on screen because the developer has left me only one way to do any particular thing. I can spin my wheels forever and never get anywhere until I find that magical formula that was the intended path.The entire game is like that. Parts are fun and their storytelling is nice but the limited nature of the interface made me lose interest every time another game came out. You should judge on whether the strictest form of linear game appeals to you. If it doesn't, they you won't like this at all because it's among the most linear I've ever played."
76561197970680531,Not Recommended,239160,25614623,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Krassimir,"It's just not the Thief that I remember. It's become a boring, linear AAA game, with scripted scenes, epic visuals and an uninteresting story. Where is all the suspense? The fear, the anticipation? I remember playing Thief 1, 2 and any wrong move you made would result in death. Where has the passion of the level design gone? The levels are so linear and it feels like a boring journey from point A to point B. Worse off they give you waypoints too, ugh what the hell… What happened to figuring out levels and reading maps?The entire medieval feel that was once present and interesting is now totally lost, this is a modern wish wash game. The sound isn’t what it used to be, the weapons and gadgets are there for show rather than purpose.Huge shame, I’m a little bit disappointed and angry. What’s going on guys? I hope they go back to their roots, this is a huge shame.To summarise, this game has become a bland Assassins Creed “wanna be” experience.It’s a total fail by me. It could’ve been so much better…"
,Recommended,239160,13091584,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"Thief follows the concept of Deadly Shadows (its predecessor released 10 years ago) with its City in the center of the game which is freely explorable between the story missions. The story consists of 8 chapters and while this number seems insufficient, these are great and interesting levels. There are two more clients in the City giving Garrett - our protagonist - additional missions and a guy in the local inn giving him several jobs.Overall, it took me 25 hours to complete all missions but I missed a lot of collectibles, secret areas and other loot. In fact, the missions have optional criteria which can yield some extra gold so it's worth checking them again. And once the game is complete you are free to move about in the City and replay the missions for the missing items.The good stuff:-- Graphics. The game employs some excellent lighting and shadow effects. Since staying in the shadow away from the light sources is a must it is good to know the developers took this part of the game seriously. There are several cutscenes and not just Garrett but everybody else turning up in his story look very detailed and realistic. Accompanying voice acting is top notch. Locales during missions are diverse and interesting.-- Atmosphere. Hiding and stealing has never been more fun! I like how you can take almost everything in the game: golden saucers, candles, silver cutlery and all kinds of jewels. Robbing has never felt better! You can look for secret doors by pulling books on shelves or lockpick a safe that is hidden behind a painting. These are regular activities coupled with the disabling of several deadly traps.-- Equipment / AI. Rope arrows help you reach higher places, choke arrows eliminate dogs silently and water arrows will extinguish almost any fire you encounter. Enemies do notice them - guards can easily be distracted and the AI is clever enough to look for you even inside of a cupboard.-- Longevity. As I have already mentioned above it takes a while to complete all missions and it takes even more days to find every lootable item scattered across the City and its surrounding areas.The bad stuff:-- Optimisation issues. Before being able to properly play Garrett's story I needed to tweak the game a little. In fact, it took me a while to realise it was not my rig that caused the problem; some effects are simply not worth being turned on. Interestingly, most of them were shadow-related and I barely noticed anything when I turned them off. The game looks just as good and the stuttering - for the most part - ceased to exist. I hate when I have to look up numerous websites for tweaking advice.-- Audio issues. Sometimes you hear people speaking but you have no idea where the voices come from. Since you run on rooftops or ledges next to windows I gathered these could be people indoors. But then again sometimes you hear them as if they were next to you and at other times you don't hear them but the subtitles are shown. Occasionally more than one citizen speaks and the audio overlaps. Pretty annoying at times.-- Stuttering / loading screens / hub system. The hub system the game uses requires a lot of time to get used to. The map can be annoying and you do have to remember if it is a door or a window that takes you to the next district. But these areas are not that big so I did not really get why the game was divided up into so many sections. Loading, therefore, is common, especially when a mission is complete and you have to get back to your client to terminate it for good. He, of course, stays at the other end of the map.Sometimes you have to go ground level to find a pile of boxes that is the only means to access another area... this was annoying as hell! And once the next chapter begins Garrett always finds himself next to his Clock Tower hideout. This is the central part of the City and loading it up takes a lot of time and stuttering, as well. Some of the cutscenes also suffer from loading time - until it is done low resolution textures will appear for many secs.-- Gameplay issues / nuisances. Garrett's blackjack. Really? A melee weapon to stun enemies usable in combat, as well? Where is his sword? Or a knife? The game already labels you a Predator if you kill someone with a bow from a distance. So, why cannot we do that close-up? Sometimes I felt like going with the failed stealth and dispatching the attacking guards option but when I saw how slowly it can be done with the blackjack I loaded up a previous checkpoint immediately instead of wasting my time with the soldiers. The developers should have looked at Dishonored.  With all the excellent arrow types Garrett just looks lame with his blackjack.Moving can also be difficult at times. Sometimes Garrett jumps and grabs a rope in front of him while other times he falls and dies. Long jumps after running can only be used where the developers intended them to be used. Many times you'd like to jump down but Garrett crouches and looks down.Overall, I liked Thief. But I found its stuttering, its optimisation issues very irritating at first. Its hub system - the navigation in the City - and its combat with the blackjack took me several hours to accept. I expected more from such a remake and from Eidos. I wish they had looked at other games such as Dishonored and borrowed some good ideas. Or simply look at the Dark Project from 1998 - the first Thief game that had no issues with Garrett wielding a sword.I was not interested in the Bank Heist mission and Forsaken challenge DLCs, therefore, I cannot comment on those. I do not like that some of the content are intentionally pulled so that it can be sold later on.Thief could have been much better. It is not a bad game but not a very good game, either. Once you have gotten used to its nuisances you can immerse yourself in the City's steampunk atmosphere. If you achieve that, long hours of gameplay are guaranteed. My rating for the game is 6/10 at best."
76561198095696707,Recommended,239160,22712509,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Thway the AetherKnight,"Thief is an interesting experience. It doesn't seem to have much middle ground. The good parts are good, the bad parts are horrible. You play as Garret, a black-clad amalgamation of edgy cliches trying to steal a thing because this guy used another thing to do a thing. This is not a story-driven game. That would be fine if the gameplay made up for it, but it was frequently frustrating and confusing.Pacing is all over the place. This game doesn't know whether it's a deliberate, slow approach or a heart-pounding chase, and ends up being a jumpy block of neither. Every action has an pre-rendered animation for it, from opening a door to picking up an item, which breaks the flow of gameplay and pulls you out of the immersion. The hand-holding is painful, with the 'optional' focus mode forcing you to choose between using the blue-tinted cheat vision to do almost everything or you get lost trying to do things on your own. The city (which by the way is simply named The City) feels unfinished, with branching paths that don't actually go anywhere and entire streets that serve no purpose. The levels themselves are pretty small, with dimly lit sections of the City hub separated by- OOH THIS PART.Incoming rant brace yourself.WHEN YOU REACH THE END OF THE LEVEL SEGMENT YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH A LOADING SCREEN. HOWEVER, TO ACTIVATE THE LOADING SCREEN YOU HAVE TO COMPLETE A QTE. I SWEAR HALF OF THIS GAME IS LOADING SCREENS AND QTES. HALF OF IT.Ahem.Sorry about that. The character development is minimal, but some of them are interesting. The level design for the hub world is pretty awful, but the mission levels are layed out in fun, puzzle-like corridors reminiscent of Dishonored or Deus Ex. Gone is the atmosphere of the old Thief games, but the feel of this game can stand on its own. The story is rubbish but doesn't really need to be anything more than an excuse to get some stealth action in. The stealth AI is laughable, but has the nostalgic charm of the original Thief games enough that I'll let it pass. The puzzles are a breath of fresh air, the takedowns and pickpocketing are satisfying, and the items are very fun to use.Overall, this game could go either way. While it's not a very well-made game in my opinion, you can get a lot of hours out of it in a scavenger hunt for every last valubale.I'd give it a 6/10. It's passable, but DO NOT BUY IT AT FULL PRICE."
76561198122728343,Not Recommended,239160,12287133,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,dlr4452,Take out all the good parts of dishonored and add terrible map layouts and you have Thief.  This should have been a great game but falls well short.
,Recommended,239160,9299057,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Dash,"such a good game, i recomend it"
,Not Recommended,239160,21736726,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,dclarkg,"I've never played the original thief games, except for the first one and only for a couple of hours but I didn't like it. I purchase this one on sale (thankfully) and give it a shot since I enjoyed Dishonored and there were some similarities between both games according to the internet. I don't know how much this game relates to the original ones but the game itself is repetitive and kind of boring, it looks awesome but that's it. Get ''Dishonored'' instead."
,Not Recommended,239160,17387333,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Darturias,"They tried to make a good game and they failed. Despite the idea is great there are some flaws that you can't simply ignore. In a game based on stealth, exploring and freedom of movement you can't be restricted to climb over the exact point they want you to climb, for example. It breaks a lot the immersion being able to climb a large wall and a second later can't do it over a small roof or even a box on the floor.I bougt it attracted by the stealth gameplay style and now I couldn't care less, it's more efficient to go running and ignoring everything and everyone."
,Recommended,239160,9272159,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Instant_mashed_potatoes,"This game is awesome. I believe it got robbed in the reviews which gave it a 6/10 for stupid reasons. Apparently they think playing as a THIEF means wanting more combat and less lootables. This game has a fantastic environment, smooth and not stressful gameplay, suspenseful stealth sequenses, and is nearly bug free (aside from a couple of crashes that happened during chapter 1 but never occured again after that).At the time of this review i have completed up to chapter 4 of the game plus the entire bank heist DLC (which is very well done i will add) in 7 hours. There is 8 chapters and lots of side robbery missions to do which should easily make the game's length acceptable.So far I cannot say enough good things about this game and will recommend it to anyone i can. 9/10"
,Recommended,239160,34360663,Posted: 19 August,all,hOI!! im TEMMIE,"I have a lot of things to say about Thief (2014) and a lot of them are not very good. I waited until the game was on sale for dirt cheap based on the extremely mixed (see: mostly negative) reviews upon the game's release and I'm quite glad I did as I don’t believe for a second that it is worth full price.. That being said, I do extend a recommendation of the game as it is a lot of mindless fun. I would never play this game for the story as it is quite terrible, in part because of the absolutely awful deuteragonist/damsel-in-distress/antagonist, who is precisely what I'll be starting this review with...Right off the bat, you meet Erin - neo-Garrett’s former apprentice he had taken under his wing when she was young. They had split because of their differences (see: because she murders people).After making the same mistakes as before (see: murdering an innocent - specifically, a young guard) and neo-Garrett calls her out on it, Erin gets pouty and accuses Garrett of being jealous of her andproceeds to get herself killed. Honestly, you can’t say you didn’t see it coming. It’s really too bad she doesn’t STAY dead and actually survives. I found her to be a very poorly written, one-dimensional character all throughout the game and quite detestable as a result. I had a hard timetryingto feel bad for her because the game constantly begged me to do so.Going further into my opinions on Erin here, but I’ll admit it’s ¾ b*tching about her and ¼ critiquing how they could have made her more meaningful to the player:I like kids, but Idon’tlike 20-something year olds acting like kids. Throughout the tutorial level, Erin constantly made me want to smack her bottom and put her in timeout. Erin acts like a toddler who was denied her Halloween candy and it was not very becoming of a character who the developers obviously wanted you to have an attachment to because of neo-Garrett’s past with her. Her behavior in the beginning (the ONLY real exposure to Erin the player gets beyond the comic, mind you) puts a divide between the player/Garrett and Erin right off the bat. Something that isn't exactly great if the entire plot is going to revolve around this character because, as I mentioned, Eidos Montreal tries SO HARD to create sympathy for Erin (someone we only have 30 minutes max with) in the player time and again throughout the stitched together plotline.Unfortunately, a lot of the relationship development between Erin and Garrett is put into a Dark Horse comic book that you only have access to if you buy the Master Thief edition. This was a huge mistake. If they wanted to do this, there needed to be more background work done IN GAME - more bonding between Erin and Garrett beyond just the tutorial level, to - in turn - create a bond between the player and Erin. Perhaps even having her on a couple of missions before the heist on the Primal, creating more of an emotional tie with her until she finally shows neo-Garrett that she is still a murderer and thus making what happened with the Primal more meaningful for the player and making the end game more dramatic. No, instead you get a very childish and unlikable young woman that doesn’t in anyway represent someone who is capable and who had received training from a master thief.. And you’re STUCK with her. Ugh.You aren't going to find people who LOVE Erin. There are people who like her or don't mind her and people, like me, who absolutely despised her character and found she brought no value (other than be the conduit for Primal energy) to the story whatsoever.Gameplay? Well, it’s fun, I suppose. Very streamlined and railroaded, like most games these days. This was the case because the devs supposedly wanted to focus on the story. Whoops - the ball was dropped on that one! Anywho, as I mentioned before, it’s good mindless fun. Even on the highest difficulty, I didn’t find it difficult and never used the Focus ability. You’ll find most of your time spent stealing tea cups, cutlery, and plates and it’s kinda soothing. I must admit that over the course of the 40 hours I played, I DID find it very amusing that someone who is a master thief is pocketing ink bottles and letter openers and other knick knacks worth between 6g to 20g for profit… but when he comes into possession of items of high value (paintings, bangles and bracelets, and brooches), he just collects them in his clock tower home. The only explanation that would make sense to me would be that the items (like family heirlooms) are too hot for a fence to sell within The City, but that reasoning doesn’t really explain everything away.Sound definitely could have used work. “Are those footsteps right next to me or are they coming from upstairs?” is a question you’ll often ask yourself. Also, hearing conversations/guards whistling without any sort of dampening effect through massive stone walls is a thing. Basically, it was very unreliable to focus on sound to get a clue on the positioning of NPCs. Sometimes, it was accurate enough to get the job done. Other times, I wondered why I even bothered sitting in a dark corner waiting for a guard to pass by when he was actually pacing inside a locked room down the hallway. It’s disappointing that a AAA game couldn’t get this right, but a dying game company consisting of 20 people absolutely nailed it…. In 1999. C’mon, Eidos Montreal.I’m not even gonna bother breaking down the story. I’ve already ragged on Erin for being a poorly written piece of sh*t and she is the center of the damn story! The plot is the obvious product of the revolving door of lead devs on the Eidos Montreal team. It shows and not in a good way. It doesn’t help that the game’s ending basically leaves it open for a continuationin which Erin would probably be a villain, judging by the disappearance of several key items (except her beloved spikey-club-murder-toy???). GREAT. Because I really wanted another f*cking game dedicated to chasing her down, right??. If this is truly the case, I hope it is a far more solid game to bite into.Overall, I’d rate this game a 5/10. A solid “meh”, but easy and fun to dive into as long as you ignore the glaring flaws like I mostly did (Erin just really agitates me). Basically, just focus on collecting loot (my favorite part!) and the little “challenges” on each level and put your blinders up to everything else in the game and it’s entertaining!"
,Recommended,239160,12712487,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[MD]Fox,"Not a bad game, just does nothing to expand on the original gameplay layed out from Thief 1 and 2. Nice atmosphere and animations but the gameplay is where it falls short.Every action you do is contextual, even shooting arrows. Makes me feel constricted in choice unlike the Original 2 Thief games which are full of open gameplay mechanics. Do you want to climb this ledge? Even though it looks climbable, you cannot do it! Do you want to move to this spot? You can't, you're blocked off even though you can easily move up the slope in real life. Want to jump? No. Ironically the most interactive mechanic is lock picking, which was purely contextual in the original Thief games.I loved lockpicking and framing. However, framing is impossible to do without the little indications. Lockpicking is possible without the HUD because Garrett has a special animation during lockpicking when he can pick, but not with framing. Both of these mechanics are really interactive and I wish all of the interactions you did in this game involved the mouse.Garrett has nice animations, but they detract from gameplay. When you grab loot you can't move for seconds at a time while Garrett looks at it. When you pick up special loot Garrett will take 6+ seconds to observe it and only by glitching can you do anything in between the animation times. The blackjack has a really good feel to it, similar to how Half Life 2's crowbar gives player feedback, its a shame that the blackjack is NOT useful in this game because you can only knock people out with a contextual button push that goes into a first or third person animation... instead of letting you do it your self. See the problem with contextual actions, developers? Same argument goes for the crowbar, the screwdriver, the wire cutters, and the razor blades.Another note: Garretts movement animations are top notch and it's always how I imagined him moving in Thief 1 and 2. Except swooping, which is impossible to do in real life.The world building and environments are very nice looking and even pretty nerve wrecking, especially the Asylum level, which is an obvious re-do of the Cradle level from Thief 3. It was still a great experience, infact I love it as much as the Cradle. My favorite level was easily the Brothel level, both parts.It's a shame the story wasn't well told. Everything was a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥idea from the start in terms of story and this Garrett is way too motivated to save the world and conflicts with his character in this game. It's all just a huge step down from the previous titles where Garrett was just unfortunate to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and kept getting sucked into the story even though it wasn't about him at all.The graphics are top notch. Not much to be said here.In Thief 1 and 2, the environment was a huge gameplay element. However, in Thief it is a big step down in some areas. Lighting in Thief is both amazing and confusing, as this game uses dynamic lighting for the light/dark stealth element (similar to Thief 3), but it is hard to see what areas are light and dark for the light gem to function the way I want it. It just wasn't clear on where areas were dark or semi-dark or not dark since a light area and a dark area looks kind of similar unless there's orange light from fire sources.Floor types are almost gone in Thief, no more carpet/wood/grate/metal/grains/grass/marble floors like in Thief 1 and 2. Instead we have normal, wet, and ""uh-oh there's glass nobody cleaned up"". This is a huge step down from previous titles.Sound design is weaker in this game, you can no longer lean against walls/doors to get sound information in the next room like in Thief 1/2 thanks to contextual leaning and since every floor is the same, it's hard to position guards with sound on vertical planes.It's just so wrong that the older games in the series are the more advanced. I know that video games are in a huge slump right now in terms of gameplay design, but developers need to take more risks and I think the only developer who would take a risk for something great is Eidos, since they have the torches of the companies who DID take these risks like Looking glass studios and Ion Storm. Overall if you liked Thief 3 you'll like this game just as much.7/10, played it too safe.P.S. Please give Garrett's sword back!"
,Not Recommended,239160,12332801,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Csbears,"The story is bad, the game is liner and gold means almost nothing.  Just play the old thief if you want a good game."
,Not Recommended,239160,33166211,Posted: 2 July,all,EdgeOfTheKnife,"The latest installment of the Thief series is a major disappointment. It does nothing to tie into the deep well of lore and character development that came before in the previous 3 games. This felt like a standalone game in a similar setting, but not even the same city as the other games. No mention of why all of a sudden the city has never heard of the Pagans, Mechanists, or Keepers. No mention of why Garretts mechanical eye all of a sudden is no longer mechanical.The character facial animation is creepy, unsynced, and not very believable in a lot of places (when the weapon salesman says ""nefarious"" his mouth is like 3/4 of the width of his face for some reason). I did like the Queen of Beggars character a lot because she had personality, but Basso and Erin are just downright unlikeable and they are the two main characters to Garrett in the story. What gives?Gameplay-wise there were a few improvements, most notably the claw and swoop, but the removal of noisemaker arrows from Thief: Deadly Shadows was kinda a downer as that would have been a lot more fun than having just 1 breakable bottle to throw at a time to distract enemies. The parkour elements would have been a lot more fun if the Space bar actually jumped when you pressed it instead of just being the all purpose ""movement interaction"" button (climb, jump, swoop, etc.). It just felt like a lot of Quick Time Events where I wasn't actually doing any playing, rather I was watching the game do the playing for me.Level-wise the levels were largely unmemorable and I spent a lot of the game just wanting to get through them hoping it would get interesting at some point. Heck, even the Asylum wasn't as good as Thief: Deadly Shadows, which did basically the exact same premise Asylum/Orphange but in a far superior manner by making the enemies invinsible and truly making Garrett feel vulnerable by turning on all the lights and exposing him to a level with very few shadows to hide in after conditioning the player to always stay in shadows for safety.Overall it just felt like they took all the worst elements of modern FPS games (honestly, a lot of the later levels felt like they were rejected levels from Portal with all the pipes everywhere), and crammed them into this game and slapped a thin Thief veneer on it but with none of the story or soul of the previous games. Underwhelming experience and a really lackluster followup to the last game."
,Not Recommended,239160,12109165,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,.smx.,"This game is full of poor design decisions, user interface mistakes, idiotic save system. It has great potential but once again - poorly executed. The save system and checkpoint system guarantees that if you accidentally die after there is a cutscene in the middle of the mission - YOU HAVE TO REPEAT THE WHOLE MISSION or from your last manually saved position ... Why not putting there a checkpoint after every cutscene??? Why making a huge budget game and not making the simplest things as a save system the RIGHT WAY??? This otherwise semi-enjoyable game is so friggin' annoying thanks to this lazy a$$ mistakes that I DONT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS UNTIL THEY FIX IT!"
,Recommended,239160,21776577,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gosedre,"Well, in general this is an awesome game. You can actually feel that the developers put in tonnes of effort to give you the old, dark and corrupted slum of city. I have not played any of the previous Thief title but this game gives me enough freedom to play and approach each quest. Thief is basically a semi open city game where you have to try to avoid being detected while achieving your goals.The graphics is awesome specially when you maxed out your settings. However there is a serious performance issue after playing a while. There is a benchmark feature in the game and with maxed out setting I can get 50-60fps. The game is smooth for a while and after a mission or so it begins to lag terrible as if the game is trying to reload the texture for the location. The only work around I can find is to set graphics to the lowest possible. Even running on low texture will cause the lag issue. The background music only plays during encounters or certain event and you can only hear sound effects the other times which is excellent.The story mission brings you to different locations and settings. Each mission feels really unique. The side quest are basically, well, item retrieving but there is a short story to accompany it. There aren't many side quests but in my opinion it is just right. As you progress, you will be able to purchase enhancement item, upgrade your equiptment and even skills. The game offers a selection of ammunitions that gives you more options to play the game. After each story mission, you are able to freely roam in the city completing side quests or simply finding loot. This process can be time consuming but it does give you a really great sense of completion as your collectibles loot are show cased in your hideout.Apart from the performance issue, there are a couple more things that can be frustrating. The game allows quick save and load. But I do notice each time you reload, the enemies behaviour are reset. Example the guards are suppose patrol in certain pattern but instead they are teleport to a certain location and stationed there. There is also this particular guard in the city when you reload a quick save nearby, he will spin in a 'fasionable' manner while stationed. It is really difficult to approach him then because he will spot you (spinning 360). The city is divided into 2 region. Within each region the map is again divided into 2-3 areas. Now crossing between these areas will not cause the guards to respawn but moving across region will cause the guards respawn. This is extremely annoying and time consuming because you might need to travel between these area several time to complete side quests. And to travel between these areas, you might need to find the exit/entry point which could be an apartment, roof, blockage or door and there are no markers in the map and might be a little frustrating since you haven't memorize the entire map.Now looking pass through all those set backs, Thief is a really great game and if you are a fan of first person stealth genre, you can give this game a chance."
76561197991396304,Not Recommended,239160,25390644,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DeadlyYellow,"A gem of a game hidden under layers of filth.  Setting is darker and edgier, with a lot of charm and character of the franchise forgotten in favor of modern ""Mature gaming.""  Mechanics are mostly smooth, with sneaking and thievery feeling great.  However the game is bogged down by poor narrative, a slew of odd bugs, a barely working sound engine, and a save system that can ricochet the game back prior to the last manual save.There is a good game somewhere in here, but you really need to want it."
76561197973716285,Not Recommended,239160,27832018,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slie,"If you are a fan of Thief 1 & 2 I can sum this game up with one word.  ""Refund"".Once can only assume that the research that went into this game was a half-drunken conversation with a console gamer who once saw the Thief box on the shelf in the 90's.  Because it's clear that they have no idea what Garret or the game was about.  I can't even go into any more details.  It's just too upsetting.  I need to go and mourn my loss.  They say it's healthy to cry.  Basicly everything you loved about the first two games has been torn to shreads, mixed with vulture vomit, and served up with annoying characters with american accents who make me want to break my no-killing rule and put a broadhead between her shoulder blades.You can't even JUMP, for fook's sakes.  I shouldn't need to say any more.This is a horrible, horrible release that shouldn't be touched by anyone with any fondness for the original franchise.  Or any one else for that matter.  Get Dishonoured 1 instead."
,Not Recommended,239160,9462080,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,FiveEyes,"I never played much of the original Theif, but the hour or so I did in the original was way more enjoyable than this mess. This reboot about as generic as it gets. Straighforward missions, crappy AI, crappy hard to navigate HUB world, and a bunch of useless stuff like Eagle Vision, Opps, I mean focus and totally not the thing from Assassins Creed.The few hours or so I played in this reboot I was extremely bored nor did I have a clue what was going on. The stealth is hardly there and when it is its incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I once got chased into a room by three guards and was cornered. Before they entered the room I crouched down in a darkened corner as a last means of hiding, seconds later all three gaurds ran in and stood not even 3 feet from me and could not locate me. It was only when I stood up by mistake did they actually see me. Around this time I just closed out of the game. It left a bland taste in my mouth and a few hours wasted, much like alot of Triple A cash grabs tend to do."
,Not Recommended,239160,24957418,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MissDiealot,"Well.. I'm pretty dissapointed.It's mostly the story and the gameplay that bothers me a lot in this game.The game was interesting at first, a little confusing though. But I went through the game and finished all the chapters to find out what the hell was going on in this game and what the story was about.Oh man.What the hell is the ending. I have no bloody idea what happened.The ending is just... So unsatisfactory. You just have no clue what's going on and that's just it, end of the game? (People who finished the game will understand me)GG devThe gameplay is extremely repetitive, with the ridiculous AIs that can't even see you if you're standing in the dark.(https://youtu.be/5u9VOPSqdqQ)and some chapters were pretty annoying to go through.Just the SFXs in the city are so buggy. You can hear a dude snore like right beside you when you're 3 meters away from a house..And oh boy, the many many MANY loading screens are so annoying as well.But the graphics are alright I guess."
,Not Recommended,239160,19268389,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,lord crow,"You know a game isfantasticwhen you can’t even muster up the spiritual, physical, and emotional strength to finish it. At least I finished the Xb360 port before this one, so I KNOW how the story goes. I bought the PC port to try and replay and see what exactly made me uphold this game to such disdainful regards.Big Mis-Mother♥♥♥♥ing-take. 29.99 that I’ll never get back. Wish this game came with a real blackjack so I could beat myself mercilessly.Long-ish review incoming!Thiefis just 3 letters away from [b♥♥♥♥♥♥/b]. Remember the older Thief games, and how they basically defined the NON-LINEAR stealth genre? The freedom you had in those games? How you could basically approach the situation in many ways? Hell, in Thief 3 I’ve still to find ALL the secret passages/places to explore in a lot of the levels. THAT’S level design right there, making for some really amazing replayability.And thenthisincestuous clone of a Dishonored “””game””” (I’m not feeling generous) comes along, takes AAAAAAALLL the established Thief canon, wipes its merry♥♥♥♥♥with it, and shoves it out the window.Let’s start with the pro’s and cons:Pro’s:+Fantastic graphics. I really feel immersed in the world.+Pretty nice soundtrack! I like the title theme and a lot of the fighting themes.+Fluent controls.Cons:+Gameplay is boring and feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cancelled Dishonored DLC.+Very. Very linear. I’m a thief, what the ♥♥♥♥? Why can I only climb certain ledges?+Very. Very. Bland. Level. Designs. Holy.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I swear two levels are exactly the same outline.+Something’s wrong with the audio. You can hear guards from like 500 feet away talking as if they’re right next to you?+This story feels so unfinished? Garrett’s motives for being there is never really explained?+Oh yeah that takes me to:+Garrett+Garrett+The Protagonist+Garrett+(Not pictured: Me, crying.)Garrett deserves his own paragraph, excuse me for a moment.Now. Let’s go to other protagonists for a quick comparison.How come when The Master Chief says he’s a legendary spartan, we believe him?Because we saw him go from soldier to legend in all his games!How come when Samus Aran says she’s a bounty hunter, and really good at it, and we believe her?Because we saw her become one in all her games!How come when SLY COOPER says he’s a MASTER THIEF, we believe him?Because we saw him become one in all his games!How come when Luke Skywalker says he’s a jedi master, we believe him?Because we saw him become one in the original trilogy!!!How come when Garrett in the Thief reboot says he’s a master thief, we believe him?Errr….Because...He...Said...So?And...Uhh…..He does a sick jump???Do you get what I’m coming at?If you didn’t, here’s an explanation:Garrett is one of the most badly written, bland, cliche characters I’ve ever seen in a video game.It’s like Eidos just opened up a template in Character Maker 2.0 called  ‘dark and edgy hero’ and just left it blank.You can’t just introduce a character out of nowhere and say they’re the BEST at what they do without ANY EXPLANATION.That’s so bland, that’s so BORING! He never really changes throughout the story. He ALWAYS speaks in the same tone, NEVER seems to show ANY OTHER EMOTION other than Dark Edgy Batman. His REASON for being in the MAIN STORY is never really CLEARLY given out? He’s just… There?Now, this is all taking into account that this is areboot, so I’m going to take HIS OLD GAME PERSONALITY AND CANON, and just kinda...Grind it to dust beneath my foot.The voice acting in this game makes Symphony of the Night look like a Shakespeare opera. It’s either too monotone or WAY TOO forced. Just like every single popular youtuber! The story is so lackluster, and fails to explain A LOT of things. Real talk, if you ever ask yourself“Will this ever be explained?”, NINE TIMES OUT OF TEN, IT WON’T!In short:Thiefwas a promising reboot game, but ultimately falls short because of a lot of Cons that massively outweigh the Pro’s. Boring story, boring protagonist, bland gameplay, but impressive visuals once again bring out the “graphics don’t make a good game” mantra.Final score: 4.5/10. Can’t recommend this to anyone, not even on sale. Dishonored is 10 dollars less, and is a much, much better stealth game."
,Recommended,239160,10246143,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,wdb-wookie1,"The main reason I've marked this recommended is because I'm a huge fan of the Thief series and would really like to see another attempt at the game a little more closely aligned with the original games.That being said... I was disappointed in this attempt. I like the engine for the most part. The tools are pretty good (aligned with the originals fairly well). I thought the story line was alright if a little vague and a bit odd. But, games of this nature tend to be a bit odd. The story line does seem a little patchy, with several holes in it. But, I'd like to think that it is so they can make new games filling in those blanks.Sadly, if the reviews I've been seeing are the deciding factor, I fear this franchise may have come to an abrupt and untimely end! If that's the case, it's REALLY unfair! The stealth gameplay that was truly initiated with the Thief series is the one style of game play that I really enjoy. I hate games that essentially force you into running headlong into a hail of bullets and hope you can kill everybody before you die. Then hope you can find enough med kits to recover enough health points for the next assault. That's just stupid tactics. (But, that's another issue)Down to more specifics.As I said, I like the basic engine. The stealth worked well in my opinion although I'd like to see all the paths to different locations be two way, not just one way. (Minor annoyance)I'd like more opportunities to acquire more of the points for adding to the special abilities.Unfortunately, I felt somewhat frustrated at different points in the game. The most notable is the end-game ""boss"" fight. It's really not a fight. The things I don't like about the end is... first, the idea is NOT to hurt the ""boss"" because you're trying to save her, yet, just one or two of her flashes of light can kill you. Second, the objects you have to gather are spread out and hard to see, making them almost impossible to acquire without getting killed. The rest of the game was challenging enough to make it interesting most of the time, at least for me. But, the ending frustrated me to the point where I had to walk away before I punched my monitor! Using a walkthrough I found, I'm going to try and complete it, but I'm not sure if I'll play it all the way through again.Bottom line: I would only recommend this game at a discounted price. I normally like the products Eidos produces. But, with this one, I regret paying the full, pre-release price for it.Dear EIDOS,If you read this... I'm begging you, PLEASE try again! Only, stick a little more to the style of the original series. I understand you wanted to be a little more realistic. But, this game series was originally set in somewhat of a mystical time. So, you could get away with mixing a little mysticism with science and still be believable."
,Not Recommended,239160,11940146,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Katie's Hannah,"Not Recommended:Thief's newest iteration is a game that had to deal with lingering in the shadows of it's predecessor.  It's functional, technically-competent, and that's about all the nice things I can say about it.  The characters have been turned into overwrought, ""gritty"" stereotypes, the setting has been turned into a not-Dishonored-honest steampunk magical setting, but most damning of all, and perhaps the only thing that is important: the core game mechanics just don't work cohesively.  Get it on a sale maybe, but don't expect it to live up to the name it's using to market itself.Full reviewis availablehere"
76561198125958418,Not Recommended,239160,30544977,Posted: 16 March,all,matou_ski_4_life,Garbage game though it would be a fun adventure game similar to splintercell or something in that style...  played 14 hours still dont understand why its so boring
76561197992206547,Not Recommended,239160,21647941,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,B00tsy,"I had to refund it because the performance was just to bad at my end, I don't have a great graphics card, but even at lowest settings and resolution all the way down to 1280x720 I barely got 15fps while I can play games like GTA V and Hitman with 30+ on medium settings. And this game as far as I played it had only small linear levels with not all that much to render so it should perform better than it did.I have finished the prologue in the game and the gameplay up to that point was also not all that good. It was hand holding all the way and moving from one visual marker to the next marker (on a restricted linear path) and stealing some meaningless stuff from dressers and the AI also seemed pretty bad as far as I encountered them. At the end of the prologue I also started to notice that the gameplay for the rest of the game will have a lot of QTE's (melee combat for example) and if there is one thing that I don't like in games it is QTE's. The story was ehh... no idea, I already can't remember anymore what it was about. Something about the main character and a thief chick you are running after. If this would have had the gameplay and movement of a game like Dishonored then I no doubt would have liked it a lot more, but this game feels like a bad attempt at being like the game Dishonored.Not recommended unless you have a high end graphics card (higher than advertised on the store page). And even then I would buy Dishonored if I were you (if you haven't done so already)."
,Not Recommended,239160,25044002,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gridalien,"I get it. It's called Thief. Because, just like in real life scenarios of someone taking another person's valuable possession, Eidos stole the IP from it's original creators and repurposed it into something that benefits them and no-one else. Your misfortune, their profit.Just like a real Thief.(Who thought it was a good idea to toss the Pagans and the Hammerites out of the lore? Christ sake)"
,Not Recommended,239160,9380534,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,RedRevReyn,"I'm a huge fan of the original series, Thief II: The Metal Age being my favorite game of all time. Compared to the originals, even the 3rd one which doesn't hold a candle to 1 & 2, this is an abortion. This is what happens when you spend 6 years making a game, with frequent changes in the design staff leadership, and attempting to turn a niche game into something with a wider audience based solely on market research. In all honesty, what makes it so bad is comparing it to the originals. If this was just a standalone IP, it might not seem so bad. Not great, but not awful. It'd be about average of the market today, which really isn't something to be proud of. Now of  course people might say ""Hey, you can't really compare it to the originals because it's a reboot and it's 2014 and blah blah."" But I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on that. If they didn't want people to compare it to the originals, then they shouldn't have used that IP.Pros:Garrett has more weight now. It feels like you're controlling a person, not just a flying camera that can move things.The art design(minus Garrett's design, which is terrible) is pretty good, if monochromatic.Graphically, it is pretty.The menu for choosing your difficulty options is pretty sweet.Cons:Literally everything else.The story seems to have been written by one of my 16 year old cousins when he was high.As does all the dialogue(One character literally says ""We're not so different, you and I."").Speaking of dialogue, NPCs will just repeat the one line assigned to them, over and over again.Sound design is awful. Someone speaking outside in the street will sound like they're right over your shoulder, when you're inside.The music choices are incredibly jarring and do not fit the atmosphere at all.Level design is linear and mostly a rehash of levels from the originals.Loading screens out the♥♥♥♥♥ Especially annoying are the ones hidden behind an action(I.E. opening a window or crawling through a tight space). They probably wouldn't seem to bad if they didn't occur roughly every 10 minutes.The contexual jumping mechanic is awful. A game is almost never improved when control is taken away from the player, especially since this is based off a series of games in which freedom of movement was a huge factor.FYI: If you don't like the review, you need to put forth an actual argument, or I'll just delete your comment."
76561198078223052,Not Recommended,239160,30108104,Posted: 22 February,all,Captian Cooked,This game is absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198128590698,Not Recommended,239160,31289859,Posted: 21 April,all,Shadowblade,"This game is...Garbage...Confusing unintersting story, characters that are hard to fall in love with, its trying to be dishonored and assasians creed at the same time. Its alright at some points in the game but the puzzles and the story are just...so dumb. Its a feeble attempt at remaking a beloved game."
,Not Recommended,239160,26636778,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Chi,"DISCLAIMER: I HAVE NEVER PLAYED ANY OF THE THIEF GAMES BEFORE THIS ONE. I HAVE NO NOSTALGIA TOWARDS THEM EITHER. THIS IS A REVIEW BASED ON THIS GAME ITSELF.All I can say about this game is to stay away unless it's on sale. I haven't picked it up since 2014.The graphics are really great but the characters are as boring as a piece of cardboard and the gameplay is mediocre at best. It judges your score based on how many kills you don't get, and it makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥about it if you end up taking a life for the sake of your mission. There aren't a lot of ways you can succeed in a mission without killing an enemy, unlike Dishonored, which is a similar game. Overall, The game is bland, the story is bland, it discourages the use of all of the -many- killing tools it gives you,  the characters are bland, the graphics are pretty good, but overall it fails to be interesting enough for me to even bother finishing the game. 2/10, I wouldn't even buy this if it were on sale."
76561197970525328,Not Recommended,239160,13857249,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DragonKP,"This game was designed for console Call of Doody kids, riding on the coat tails of the ""Thief"" franchise in name only.  For this reason, I cannot recommend this game.  If they named this game something like ""Call of Burgler"" then I would give it the thumbs up if it were on sale.  Gameplay consists of being funneled to checkpoints to unlock cut scenes and avoiding guards in the meatime. The story is convoluted and world is totally bizzare and not immersive in the slightest.Credit is due to the artists and the folks responsible for the PC port (yes, this is a port). The environments are exquisitely detailed and there are numerous options to tweak the graphics, UI, and difficulty to your liking."
,Not Recommended,239160,21739391,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Shadow Step,"I can't even continue with this game. I got this in the eidos anthology with a crap load of great games. I paid about 31 dollars for 34 games, so I paid less than a dollar for this game. I played the original thief and didn't really understand everything that was going on but found it enjoyable. I was expecting this to be the 21st century update with better stealth gameplay and graphics. I was looking forward to hearing Garret's sarcastic comments about the people he was robbing blind once again. But I was given a game that had was weak in character and threw the Thief name to the wind and replaced a beloved franchise with a game with less content and less intrigue than a game that came out 20 years ago. I can't even begin to express my frustration at the linearity and how streamlined this series has become. I give this game a4/10. It wasn't worth less than a dollar"
,Not Recommended,239160,11126137,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,[ Rushock ],"My good experiences as a thief or burglar in video games typically stem from a freedom to choose which house you want to rob, what items you want to grab, where you need to fence the items, and what gear you can take with you. Take any of those elements and add depth with leveling skills or abilities and you have a deep, worth-while experience. They all add together to create the illusion that you are actually a thief and that you are responsible for everything that happens. This game seems to lack the depth and freedom necessary to hold up to those standards which have already been established in games well over ten years old. I can't reccommend this game knowing that there are others out there which have nailed the burglar experience."
,Recommended,239160,10928759,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fuzzman,"Thief is a game that exists between two worlds--the world of classic PC gaming and the realm of contemporary trends. Credit must be given to the developers for striking a balance between the two. The more imporant question, however, is whether this balance accomplishes the lofty goals and expectations that it set out to achieve. My answer is: somewhat.The mechanics of the game do take some time to become acquainted with, even for veteran PC players. This is often the case for many games, simply adjusting to the movement, flow, pacing, control schemes, and rules of the game. Once the player gets the hang of things, it becomes slightly second-nature to explore the game world. In full disclosure, certain aspects of the controls and mechanics do occasionally disobey the player's command, though far less than some of the other contemporary games out there.In terms of visuals, audio, and mood and tone, the game is mostly successful. It looks good and plays smoothly enough with properly attuned graphics options. The audio, which is a significant component of the game, does its job, though nothing stands out as impressive or iconic. There were times when certain sound effects, in response to player actions, were too loud and distracting--particularly for a stealth game. As for mood and tone, the game's setting and world feel alive and fleshed out, though perhaps not to the same degree as its forebearers.The plot and characters were a weaker aspect. While a reboot, essentially, the character of Garrett felt off for that of a master thief. The original Garrett was someone that preferred to be alone to ply his trade, whereas this Garrett is a man that is more sympathetic to others, more trusting, and less of a loner. Old fans will find it jarring, but new fans should enjoy it well enough. The Thief series was never strong in the story department, and this entry is no different. Most of the charm comes in the details of the world and its inhabitants--notes, rumors, and environmental cues. Those are the rich tidbits that make the game interesting. Veteran players will miss the tropes, jargon, and factions of the old series, but there are subtle, silent hints of the setting's history.Replayability is strong. The game allows the player to revisit missions in an attempt to steal more items and attain a higher score than before. Many hours can be spent in the game, at various paces set out by the player. The difficulty ranges, and the player can customize difficulty options prior to starting a game. Some mechanics and user interface options are entirely optional, which is a boon for players, old and new.All in all, Thief is a very fun game, though it will not scratch the itch of the old games in exactly the same way. Much effort clearly went into this game's creation, and there are many successes with few failures. I recommend this game to PC gamers that appreciate stealth, creativity, and a deliberate pace. Just know that it won't win any awards."
76561198045435437,Not Recommended,239160,32470820,Posted: 16 June,all,Barrera Jose,An absolute insult to the original Thief series (which were amazing). Tried very hard to playtrough at least once.. not even worth it. Dont spend a dime on this title.
76561198006989870,Not Recommended,239160,13769693,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Magix,"A little overrated and sterile. Very linear progression, needs more freedom to be able to finish missions and explore the way you want."
76561197975468078,Not Recommended,239160,14251954,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,*** Brutal Assmaster ***,"Way to ♥♥♥♥ up a classic franchise, assclowns."
76561198021688743,Not Recommended,239160,13060330,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,LJ,"'It's amazing, as good as dishonoured!' - said no one ever."
,Not Recommended,239160,9462671,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"Ah Thief. A beloved franchise that is quite dear to my heart!  I'm a huge fan of the older Thief games, which I played multiple times over the years ever since the release of The Dark Project in 1999/2000 and I was quite excited to learn that a new Thief game was being made.To put you into perspective, I was so happy that it got announced and confirmed that a new Thief game was being made and best of all, developed by the talented Eidos Montreal who made that great gem which is Deus Ex: Human Revolution, a prequel game set before the events of the older Deus Ex games. It was all raved and I did too, loved that game very much. They didn't messed up the story, continuity of the previous older Deus Ex classics. Eidos Montreal earned my deepest respects with that masterpiece! Sure, that game may not be better than the first Deus Ex, but it was the second best of that franchise.Then, came the announce of ""THI4F"". At that time, not much was revealed but it was hinted to be a sequel to Thief: Deadly Shadows (Thief 3) so at that time, no big deal, I was quite excited! And then, silence... for a long time... until news arisen that the game was being, made into a ""pseudo reinvention"", not totally a reboot nor a remake; and especially not a sequel. ""Pseudo"" as this Thief game doesn't explain Garrett's origins and starts the game with him as being the super master thief around... Like it is a game that occurs in a different universe than the Thief Classics.Now, I got worried... especially with the E3 2013 showing (lots of AI issues shown live)Months later, I was beginning to be very concerned for this game. Why discarding the previous work of the franchise? Thief is a niche franchise and the fans holds dearly the past games! And once some scraps of info got revealed time to time, my concerns were completely justified. Bad news after bad news (QTE, Stephen Russell replaced, etc), I was getting so letdown by this new Thief game. I tried to be hopefull and even dared to PreOrder the game, to show my support to EM but alas, they really disappointed me badly with this product.This Thief is not a mediocre game, it can be fun at times and many missions are reminescent to Thief 2 style. But for the true Thief fans from the original classic games, you will be VERY VERY dissappointed. This game doesn't really have the same ambiance of the classics. Benny's and taffer pals are gone, meaning no more humor between the guards. Citizens wandering around the city do not acknowledge you or even see you; giving them a robotic feel. The story is totally the biggest con of this Thief. It did everything to forget and distance itself from everything related to Thief Classics. In this new Thief, no more magic, supernatural elements are gone, THE CITY ain't steampunk anymore! And, what happened to the Hammers? The Pagans? Keepers? Trickster? Viktoria? What about Mechanist robots, Pagan creatures, Keepers, Gods? GONE!!! All discarded! Worse, your mechanist eye has different story and ain't even ""mechanist"" anymore but some bullcrap like ""Primal"", which explains the use of FOCUS function in the game; that highlights your surroundings / loots / traps to ease of your gameplay.A big annoyance in this game (it is also present in many other games and I'm very annoyed by it) is the many contextual applied for this game. You have to watch Garrett steal and interact with everything as opposed to just taking things like the Thief classics. Why a problem? Well, it slows you down for crying out loud! I haven't really dabbled with the combat in this Thief since this game is all about being stealthy and not a tank warrior! From what I tried in the Master difficulty level, you die in two hits... so you better be good at dodging! Still, I'd say this combat system is more realistic and modern. The game offers 8 Chapters and about 30 side missions. There is also a challenge mode that you play a map of your choice, then try to accomplish a set count of challenges. It can be fun for a while but since the game only offer three maps now, it'll get stale fast!Now, I will go with the pros and then, the long list of cons.PROS:+Stealth ambiance/atmosphere is there and mostly well done.+Graphically/visuals impressive.+Fun missions and many side missions.+Custom options on your gameplay. Can disable HUD, Focus, etc. Lots of possible customizations!+Upgrade system is kinda neat but also, weirdly implemented as your supposed to be THEE Master Thief!+Swooping mechanic is neat and quite a blast to perform.+Refined combat system compared to past Thief classics.+Asylum level is tense, creepy at times too but short of being as scary as Thief 3: Deadly Shadows' Shalebridge Cradle level.+Bank Heist DLC is very reminiscent of Thief 2 Bank mission. Highly recommended!CONS:-NO BENNY! NO TAFFERS!-Stephen Russell, aka the voice actor of many characters on previous Thief games (Garrett, Benny, Karras, etc), was replaced by Romano Orzari; ""a disconnect"" the developers said but it was the developers who were disconnected from the true Thief genre. Full body motion technology was barely witnessed in-game so it was really a cheap excuse to dispose of Russell's that easily.-A few stuttering issues, bugs and unstable at release. Mostly fixed by now though.-Everything ignored on past Thief games except ""Garrett, The City, Basso and Jenivere"" names in this game.-Old factions gone! No Hammerites, Mechanists, Pagans, Trickster.-Mechanist Eye is gone and replaced by some ""Primal"" crap, which explains the FOCUS function if you enable/use it.-Sandbox navigation system is bad in this game. You easily get lost and try to find the proper path for a side mission or main mission. There's many loading too in this game... way too many.-Abysmal story. Lazy poor a$$ narrative writing.-Way too many contextual situations. Like being forced to do the developer's desired action.-Boring and uninspired NPCs.-No Eric Brosius soundtrack composer. This Thief Luc St-Pierre composer ain't bad but no Brosius.-You cannot jump at will, you cannot use your rope-arrows on any wooden surface but only the developers specified areas. Your ""choke-arrow"" (known as Gas Arrow on Thief classics) only ""choke"" the targets and do not render sleep.-Buggy AI-Sound propagation is messy and at many times, you either don't hear footsteps or door opening/closing. Also, there's sound clipping and repeated sentences.-Forced boss fight. Sure you can run and escape but it is so tedious that doing the fight is just less of a hassle.-Limited replay value.-STILL NO BENNY!OVERALL:Thief is an okay stealth game but as a THIEF-based game, very bad. Lots of bad decisions during development. The developers kept telling about ""a disconnect"" between fans and them, well duh! You, Eidos Montreal, made many bad calls for this game and it shows. And actually, EM simply should have used another name and make their own stealth game instead of screwing the great masterpieces of the past. Why didn't they just created a new character instead of messing up Garrett? A big irritant is why oh why did they just ignored the fans feedback for their game? Fans knew what was correct and what wasn't, yet, EM gave the fans the middle finger!RECOMMENDATION:Honestly, the worst Thief game. If you loved the Thief classics, you won't love this one. You may enjoy parts of it like I did but still, you'll be very disappointed in this iteration of Thief. My best advice... either play the GOOD OLD Thief classics or if you seek a modern game, play Dishonored! Granted Dishonored is more action-oriented but you can choose to play as a ghost as well. As for this ""THIEF"", wait for a sale!Eidos Montreal, you are big TAFFERS for screwing up this franchise!RATING:As a Stealth game: 6.0 / 10As a Thief game: 5.0 / 10FINAL:5.5 / 10PS: That river must really stink in The City... every NPC keeps talking about it!"
,Not Recommended,239160,12030486,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,utdream,"I should have listened to all the negative reviews. This game is slow-paced, unrealistic, poorly-written, small levels, silly dialog, unrewarding, and devoid of fun. The plus side? The graphics are wonderful, but that's about it, and you can get that elsewhere."
,Recommended,239160,22964997,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Domarius,"Screw you all - turn off ALL the helper settings (and I mean ALL, no exceptions) crank the difficulty RIGHT UP, and get immersed in the game.  This is a worthy successor. I feel like I'm lost in the world of Thief again, a feeling I haven't felt since Thief 1 and 2.  For the record I enjoyed Thief Deadly Shadows but it was fairly weak in comparison, and overall felt poorly made.This one is oozing hard work and meticulous care at every turn and every crevasse - and I mean that.  The city is so full of nooks and crannys, I felt myself getting lost in the alleyways and staring at a doorway with a sign above, wondering what its like for that house or shop during the day.  The city is layered upon layers, of old buildings somehow impossibly built upon other old buildings and streets, in a fantastical dream-like way which still seems believable and gives me the impression that people actually live on these different levels.To me, the AI is impressive yet fair.  No matter how good I get at the game, I cannot race through the city towards another side mission without stopping and taking time.  Even with the swoop mechanic (which I love by the way) moving fast will almost certainly cause some guard to turn their head at the moving shadow in the alleyway, go investigate, cause a fuss which will put others on alert, and your careless continued running will certainly be spotted - and you'll be chased.  This will likely end in your death, and best case, cause you a lot of lost time and potentially lost resources as you do what you can to escape and wait till the whole thing blows over.  Damn you, developers! I cannot carelessly exploit the AI as I could in the original game - I MUST take care and play like a proper thief!  (PS. that means they did their job.)As for the artwork, story, dialogue etc. it has the same level of care, but I want to keep this review short.  Watching the dialogue between the effeminate (male!) brothel owner and the ThiefTaker General had me invested in the conversation, as he stood up to the brutish General and would not let him mistreat the women. Original things like the sex workers at the brothel being called ""Petals"" show that they really have taken care to flesh this world out and want you to get immersed in it.And the plot is multi-layered enough and full of enough content to be worthy of the Thief title.  By that I mean, there is initially enough content there for a full game - main bad guy, baddies, storyline, quests along it - but then it turns out there's something else, which leads to a different set of content than those things... and maybe something else again... I tell you, there is so much work put into this.Why am I gushing when so many have written the game off, claiming they've completed it easily and  it was boring? Well, they didn't turn off all the helpers and max out the difficulty settings - this is the way the game is meant to be played, and causes you to take your time, and experiences all the subtleties that make the game what it is.And I believe this is the fault of the developer.  Sorry guys, if you had more guts and confidence in what you had to offer, and hadn't bent to the apparent whim of the general public to have their video game challenges made ""easy"" and ""handed on a platter"" then you would have not watered it down with so many ""helper"" options that neutralise all the experiences the game has to offer, and, like Dark Souls, simply presented the game the way it was meant to be played in the first place, and then taught the user how to play the game as they progress through.Even if someone held a gun to your head and said ""No! You must provide a fisher-price baby easy way to play the game, or people will complain it's too hard!"" then you could have opened with a simple difficulty choice menu that said ""Easy mode - for casual gamers."" and then  ""Thief mode: play this mode for the full experience"", the latter would disable all the helper settings and crank the difficulty up.  And then as a third option, a ""Customise..."" option which takes you to the settings menu that you have, where you can toggle the helpers and difficulty setting.I am glad this game exists, and that I'm still playing my way through (I think I'm half way?) and that there are so many damn side quests and extra jobs that I will be busy enough for the foreseeable future!   And yet I am sad - that the public opinion of this game has been sabotaged by the developers themselves, for not having the confidence to present the game the way it was meant to be played, by default, and as a result, it's unlikely we'll ever see another thief game again, especially of this calibre."
,Not Recommended,239160,9320133,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Kweh,"I try to avoid too much in the way of spoilers for things like this, primarily because I know that it will never live up to my expectations. I had hoped - following on from the decent work done on the latest Deus Ex and Tomb Raider - that Squenix would be properly placed to do Thief some justice, even if it failed to meet my lofty requirements.And, if you don't know the Thief series, and have little exposure to any kind of stealth-style games, then you might actually enjoy this title more than I am. For me, its plagued with crashes, out-of-sync audio, and mediocre-at-best stealth gameplay.My primary gripe, and one of the things I'm struggling with not boycotting it for, is the lack of Stephen Russell's voice as the excellent Garrett - a choice made for the purposes of full-body motion capture; and a point that is entirely moot since the words spoken are out of sync with the lip movements anyway. Such a shame. Perhaps I am just unlucky in my PCs spec though...I was going to play through before writing any kind of review, but the fact is, I can't. The game crashes at a certain point and I cannot progress.Being sneaky still carries a certain satisfaction, but rather than a true 'Thief' game, this feels a lot more like a cut-rate Dishonored, and I LIKED Dishonored.Give it a go by all means, but you'll be better placed playing the first two installments (and the third, if only for one of the levels - if you've played it, yes, I mean THAT one), and you'll same some money in the process!"
,Recommended,239160,12161903,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,schouffy,"+ true infiltration+ great graphic ambiance (honestly i was amazed by some places)- awkward gameplay- no freedom (really little in fact)- too many loadings-♥♥♥♥♥♥story and endingIt's not a bad game, but this is no thief game. I enjoyed it but i'll quickly forget it.At low price, and if you really LOVE infiltration games, get it. Otherwise, don't."
76561198085276713,Not Recommended,239160,30067166,Posted: 20 February,all,jimbotitanic,"I would have loved to have recommend this game. So much potential but delivers so little. It is half way through development.♥♥♥♥♥♥why do I bother to write these reviews. Buy it for a fiver cos it is just worth that, and you will know what I mean."
76561197972499865,Not Recommended,239160,12564955,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Very disappointing. Ruined a great world.
,Not Recommended,239160,14631478,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Seth,"The character you play in this game is incredibly unlikable.  He is constantly whining that his friend isn't being safe enough, then backstabs her to slow her down to teach her a lesson.  Ugh.  He's the only one you really want to kill in this game.Story and settings failed to do anything for me, gonna quit this one half way through it looks like, too many better games out there."
,Recommended,239160,11252337,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,CookieKing,"It wasn't a very faithful reboot of the original series, you could breeze through missions by just going in all bows blazing (literally) and find it excruciatingly difficult while trying to be stealthy (which is the main point of the game). Coupled with annoying boss battles that are ridiculous and or cliche, as well as some scenes just straight up taking a dump on the original franchise e.g. running over a rooftop from a bunch of guards, explosions and chasing dogs. It also ended very suddenly, ambiguously and didn't explain much.When putting all that aside and considering that this is a company that most people won't have heard of as well as this being a Triple A title shows just how ambitious this project is. It's fun, dark has very impressive graphics and it's nice to have a new stealth game that isn't AC or Hitman. I also got very good Gametime (28 hours) out of it which is very refreshing.Overall I'd give it a solid 7/10 (Definitely recommend buying it in a sale but probably not at its full price)"
,Recommended,239160,12520442,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DuskDodgers,"I had some serious framerate issues going on with this game, and I have not had this type of problem with other games I've played, but I'm not really sure if it's the game or me.Honestly, the story didn't kick off until chapter 4/5, but what they did with chapter 5 was pretty good. I'm awful with scary games, and most people would say it wasn't even scary so take that as you will. Having never played the original Theif games, I can't compare it to the others. I really liked the shadow concept, the stealth is a lot different than Dishonored and I found myself throwing bottles at people to knock them out which I thought was hilarious and I never tried that in Dishonored because of blink. The swoop concept is the same thing but less fun and weirdly executed, sometimes it just didn't work and felt awkward. I'm sure there is audio problems in this game as well. Focus was pointless, the game was not bad. If I didn't have framerate troubles I'd say it was definately decent, but Dishonored was still better. (Although I am aware that Dishonored was at least made by some of the same people who made the original Theif games, I believe?)"
76561198077429566,Not Recommended,239160,15990900,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Chickenbowser,"If you like stealth based games that provide a rich story and deep narrative with multifaceted characters and excellent mechanics then look some where else. I never played the original Thief series but I've heard pretty positive things and from what I've seen this game is not a Thief game it is a messy atrocious game that's trying to rip of Dishonored and has the name ""Thief"" stuck on there.I'm not speaking in hyperbole when I say that this is one of the worst games I've ever played in my life. Not even so bad its fun but rather so stupidly obtuse in its design that I have a hard time playing it.Avoid at all costs."
76561198026472023,Not Recommended,239160,21619673,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Janusz Korwin-Mikke,"So I 'm climbing through an air vent and as i approach the exit I see a guard below. Either I press Q to use my takedown attack or I wait and then  jump down and be all stealthy. I decide to wait it out and be stealthy, the guard walks off and the press q to takedown text dissapears. Alright time to jump down says I. Go to jump down, cant jump down. Going back the way I came I can jump down just fine. Head back into vent and try to jump where guard was, cant jump down. This is very frustrating for a Thief game where I can't even decide whether I want to use a take down or not and its forced upon me."
76561198058176580,Not Recommended,239160,21736338,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,asdf,"A little bit of bugs/glitch here and there, city feels very ""dead"", and the goddamn repeating dialogue. Well at least the story is enjoyable, and the graphics is not too bad. I'd only recommend it if it is on sales."
,Not Recommended,239160,15959874,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,RaposoTroll,"I haven't played the old mythic statements of the series, so I''m not biased.I did enjoy the art, the atmosphere, the graphics and specially the way the first person perspective works. But it does not feel like an open world, neither I felt that I could plan the way of completing the missions. You can see how everything is set the way the programmers wants you to play. Certain routes to take or actions to make. There's no room to a creative approach.I wish they took this in consideration for a possible sequel."
76561198106045543,Not Recommended,239160,24512689,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MobiusKnight,"If you're looking for a game that is simply about stealing stuff and evading guards, like what the trailer of this game shows, this is not the game for you. The paragraph below is basically all the things I could think of that really bothered me about Thief.Now, since I haven't played the previous Thief games, I couldn't have expected so much of this story to be so paranormal. It's actually something I greatly disliked about the game, especially how one chapter turns it into a horror game. The ending of the game is also very disappointing and left me thinking ""What the ♥♥♥♥?"" The level design is very linear, at least in my experience, making sneaking around guards (or at least trying) very futile. There are too many times where areas are ""Mash 'F' to move debris/open window,"" which makes the game feel extremely repetitive and boring (ESPECIALLY when picking things up for money, you'll get tired of that real fast). The controls are unresponsive at times which can be extremely irritating at inconvenient times.One of my main complaints of the game is how empty it all felt. The story, as stated before, was disappointing and left mostly questions than answers. The character development was awful, you barely got to know some characters before they blatantly die (which is supposed to propel the story forward, which it didn't feel like it did). Garrett also has the personality of a brick, showing little to no emotion, which is just... ugh... The City was supposed to be lively with people roaming the streets with pouches of gold ripe for the taking (at least that's what I thought), instead, we get this empty and drab city that's populated only by people sharing secrets way too loudly inside, poor and sick people who die in one hit on the streets, civilians who do nothing but scream if they see you do anything illegal (like attacking someone, but I don't even think they react to you stealing stuff or you know, sneaking around while covered in weaponry), and guards who never respawn once you take them down until you reach the next chapter of the game.Here are some things I liked. There's actually quite a few things to do throughout the game. There are lots of little odd jobs which are short but unique. And although I never used it, there is a custom dificulty setting where you can set all sorts of little things to make the game difficult in your own way, which is something I have never seen in any other game.Still, I wouldn't recommend this game. It's too empty and drab with a story that doesn't really make too much sense (I mean it kind of does but it doesn't give me any closure about everything throughout the story). I'd give it a 4/10."
76561198020916248,Not Recommended,239160,10458449,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,jayyce,"I SO wanted to love this game. I love stealth games. I loved the old Thief games (1 & 2....although Deadly Shadows is looking pretty damn good next to this). But..I...just.....can't :-/And my main reasons for this are:(I won't mention the rubbish story, as if the mechanics were great, and the game was fun it wouldn't matter).Traveling arouund the city  is so very, very tedious, and NPCs appear almost pointless giving it a very empty feel.Loot itself isn't varied enough, and locations are ridiculous, with golden goblets to be found absolutely ANYWHERE (abandoned shelves in a backstreets anyone?).Inability to jump, and the linear use of arrows.The levels are really uninspired, and samey. The side missions mix it up a bit, but there's very few  of them.The sound. My god the sound levels. And the looping conversations will drive you mad.Those jarring, awful, AWFUL grappling sections.And the world itself just feels so unresponsive, you can barely interact with it at all.Now when Dishonoured, a game (that I adored btw) about a magical ASSASSIN, is 10x the 'Thief' game that Thief is, you know  you've done something terribly wrong.If you're a Thief fan, don't buy it, if you're a stealth fan, don't buy it. The only time I can recommend it is if it's heavily discounted, as in £5 or £6...seriously.....unfortunately.......tragically, that's all it's worth."
76561198124090451,Not Recommended,239160,9300712,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,76561198124090451,"The story makes little to no sense. The AI is mentally challenged on all difficulties. The hub (city) is segmented into several parts, with a bunch of loading screens to annoy the hell out of you. Traversing the town is, simply put, a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There is no way to set custom waypoints, apparantly. Sometimes you have to climb through windows to get to other parts of the town, and I find that really, really annoying. And to replay chapters, you have to find the starting point (which isn't marked on the map). And to make matters even worse, every guard wants your head on a pike as soon as they see you. Which wouldn't be so bad, if I wasn't too busy trying to find the exit/entrance to another part of town, which the developers, once again, did not bother to mark on the map. The NPCs suck, and you cannot interract with them, aside from killing them or stealing their stuff. There are lots of audio issues; the music will drown out dialogue, or the dialogue will be too loud (or quiet).However, I do have to admit that the chapter missions (and some of the side quests) are fun. If it were not for the worst hub world I've ever dealt with and the other annoyances, I would definitely say that it's a great game, even with the AI flaws."
,Not Recommended,239160,9305123,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,dontstopme,"I had pre-ordered it, since I loved the Thief games. Started it up today and was utterly disappointed.The optimization is complete crap. The game runs pretty good on my rig, but as soon as a cinematic starts, or I turn my head to the wrong direction I get such fps drops that I can make 5 cups of coffee and a batch of guacamole in the meantime.Also, this doesn't feel like a Thief game. This feels like the developers may have known that the Thief franchise existed, but spent most of their time playing Dishonoured. All the while giving a crap about optimization and gameplay. One of the great things about the Thief games was your freedom to approach situations. You could move in any direction you wanted, exploit small ledges, anything that's short of a 90 degree wall. Even then you had the climbing gloves in Deadly Shadows. Here everything is contextual. You can only progress in directions the game allows you to. And you can no longer jump. This limitation helps breaking immersion even further. Heck, you can't even drop off ledges if the game thinks you shouldn't go there. Seriously, how can a game developer think ""Man, we have this successful game series where the player decides their approach and has total freedom in moving about. We should definitely remove the ability to jump and design everything linear.""My guess is, that was done for all the consoles, but who knows for sure...And what about Pagans and Hammerites? I loved those. They added more dynamic to the game, either being friends or foes, depending on your playstyle. But those were pulled out, to make more room for a dull story that's directly ripped out of Dishonoured's still warm body, instead of coming up with something better and Thief worthy. I'm aware that Thief's storylines wouldn't win a Pulitzer, not by a long shot, but they were much more engaging than this piece of crap.Graphics are alright, I guess. But in this day and age, what game doesn't have good graphics? So no score for that.While I was playing it, I was constantly thinking ""Man, I paid 60 bucks for it, but I'd rather play The Witcher than this horrifyingly optimized monster right now...""That's usually not a good sign for a game.To sum it up, neither worth your time nor your money. Stick with the old games."
,Not Recommended,239160,25815601,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,✨𝓟𝓚𝓛𝓛✨,The game would've been much better if you're not just looting stuff for 90% of the time.
,Not Recommended,239160,29533513,Posted: 27 January,all,Aviator Mage,"I'll start this off by saying that I will be writing in some spoilers to the main storyline, and additionally that I really did try to enjoy this game.I'll try to give some pros first:The graphics are visually appealing. The game LOOKS nice.The audio quality isn't bad.The voice acting is pretty goodThe story is...okay, I guess. At least at the beginning.The lockpicking in this game is very, very good. It's probably the only thing I genuinely liked. I think it's better than what Bethesda did with Skyrim.Now for the cons:The audio quality SOUNDS nice. When it works. Regularly, there are skips in the audio files, the NPC's around you will start their voice lines and then 3 seconds later start them again, over the first one, so that one person is saying the same thing twice with a 3 second delay. Additionally, sometimes your footsteps will cut out, and being a stealth game, THAT IS NOT GOOD. You need to be able to hear how loud you are in order to effectively execute your actions in a quiet manner. Distances also screw with the volume at times, sometimes you can hear things far away, sometimes you can't, even under the same circumstances.The gameplay:The stealth mechanics are okay. the Swoop ability is cool, the tools you have are mostly useful. Some you will never use, some you will NEVER have enough of, and the game really doesn't always give you enough to effectively get the job done, and you have to improvise if you screw up even once and waste something.You can't jump. That's bad.Climbing changes your character perspective from 1st to 3rd person. They should have made the entire game 3rd person, or not included the poor climbing mechanics.Some controls are not explained to you, such as that X will drop you down from a rope or a ladder. It did not tell me this. I had to scour the control options to find it.Stealth DETECTION:The birds and dogs that will alert your enemies to your presence do not work. At all. Either you kill them, or they go ballistic when you're close, even if you make no noise. It's not noise that sets them off, it's fast movement. Which wouldn't be an issue, if the game didn't tell you that it was noise that sets them off.Interactivity detection:Sometimes you'll need to hide bodies. Sometimes the button command to pick them up doesn't appear. You're simply standing over the corpse wondering if you can actually pick it up, unless you push the button just to try. In addition to that, sometimes the crosshairs for the bow will disappear for a few moments, and won't re-appear until you put the bow away and take it out again.It is also extremely unclear whether or not you are able to climb something. Sometimes it'll indicate that you can climb it with streaks of white paint on the object, or scratch marks. This is not always the case and thus makes it difficult to determine what you can and cannot climb.Let me get to the worst of it:When I said the story was okay, I lied. The story is god-awful. I've seen what Square Enix can do, with Deus Ex and Final Fantasy, and this is utter garbage in comparison. If I didn't know who made it, I would not guess SE. This story was like dead animals talking to me. There was a massive difference in who worked on this at SE, because FF 14 had me screaming in agony or joy over different characters, where as this had me screaming in agony because I wanted to bash my head against a wall. The characters are emotionless, dead, gave me no cause to like them. The crow in the clock tower had more personality than Garret. I had no interest in pushing Garret to achieve his ultimate goal, which was confusing as hell.Cutscenes:Despite my FPS counter being at a steady 60-75, the cutscenes looked like they ran at about 20. Lip motion to voices was awful and poorly synced.Here's the kicker, and my final point. This does contain spoilers for the end of the story.At the end of the story, you walk up behind Erin and try to use the shiny rock to pull the primal energy out of her. Once you do this, it jumps to a cutscene. Between the end of the gameplay and the beginning of the cutscene, Erin has somehow gone from sitting on the ground inside an enclosed ship, to holding on to your hand over the edge of broken wood, over the ocean. What happened. I don't know.Erin falls to her death, Garret looks solemn or something over the sunrise after she dies, I skip the credits, mark the game under my ""completed"" list, and uninstall it.3/10, this game is awful. It makes me sad that this is the same company that made Final Fantasy 14."
76561197978396938,Not Recommended,239160,9312403,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,brian.smith,"EM has managed to kill Thief for good with this stinker. Gameplay is more linear than a second rate side-scroller. The main charcters resemble a couple of sad emo kids with smeared makeup. Game mechanics are laughable. Garret for the most part only does scripted actions. Hit the jump button and he stands there like an idiot. He needs a special key binding to drop off a ledge - with out it he stands there like there's some kind of invisible wall.  Want to shoot an arrow ? Just zoom in and dinky little marrkers will show your way, line themseleves up and you hit fire. Forget about compensating for arc, distance or wind. We have a ♥♥♥♥ing bow and arrow with magical sights. Stuck in front of a window or by some crates / objects you would normally pick up or find a creative way around ? Just mash a key and iniate a brainless scripted scene. That's right just walk along and mash keys. I'm waiting for the tablet or smart phone version where we just swipe garret through the game.  By far Thief 4 has the worst player controls and mapping of  all 4 games. That says something given how much time passed between versions. The bugs just add icing to the cake. It's very fitting that the PC version locks users into using M$ windoze. A Linux / Steam version by Valve would look better, play better, be relatively bug free - and open to the community for modding. The last part is what really popularized the Thief franchise, but if EM didn't get anything else, why would they get that ? Ah, I see they have a Mod contest using, get this, Darkradiant from the DarkMod team / Id Tech 4. What a shame ID, or better yet, Vavle didn't handle this Thief sequel so it would have been done right."
76561198064474122,Not Recommended,239160,10113234,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,dunbaratu,"This has one very dissapointing thing compared to the original series:When you encounter a challenge to surpass, does it feel like you're **inventing your own** solution to the challenge, or does it feel like you're **discovering** the pre-made solution to the challenge that the level designer put there?This new game makes it feel like your job is to discover the solution that was implemented by the level designer.  In the original games, it felt more like you were inventing the soluton yourself by applying the tools in your theiving skillset.  Even though you can turn the hints off that still doesn't change the feeling that there's a single solution hardcoded by the level designer - it just takes the clues away to help find it but in the end you're still following the method intended for you.This isn't about the plot, the graphics, or the glitches.  This is about the basic game engine design.  In the older games, Looking Glass studios hooked your thieving abilities directly into the low level behavior of the game's engine.  Whether or not the environment allows you to peek around corners, shoot a rope arrow, or jump, were all the responsibility of the game engine to decide.   If the person designing the level wants to make a jump possible, they have to abide by the rules of the game engine and make the jump the right length to make it possible.  If they want to prevent a rope arrow from working they have to abide by the rules of the game engine and make sure no surfaces are made from shootable materials. In the newer game, however, they took the lazier design of doing that all backward.  They made it the responsibility of the level designer to TELL the game engine where those abilities work and where they don't.  The game engine isn't in control.  The person who wrote the level is.And that means inventing your own solution to the challenge isn't possible anymore because there is no such thing as ""the rules of the universe"" that you can work with to create your solution.  Every solution that works works because the level designer allowed it to work at that location.And that ruins a lot of the feel of the game for me. Eidos Montreal got the rights to the game's name but ignored the entire design philosophy that made it good, and stole control away from the player.It's a shame because using modern computer hardware you could have made a game with the ""game engine in charge"" design and gotten something a lot cooler than what Looking Glass did with 1999's limitations.  But instead they ignored that part of the game design and managed to make a game that was somehow worse despite using modern technology that makes everything prettier."
76561198032863376,Not Recommended,239160,9776325,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Rellik,This game sucks. It is more scripted and yet has a weaker story line than any of its predecessors. What a sad way to kill a franchise.
,Not Recommended,239160,9789468,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,mordaunt,"The new Thief has almost nothing in common with the old games. This is understandable, because in order to sell good it had to be made acceptable for anyone to play.Maybe I'm getting old, but this game seemed dull and bland to me. Even the overrated Dishonored felt better.The graphics could be better with system requirements like these. The story is ridiculous, nowhere as good as in the old games. The gameplay... well, repetitive cutscenes, dumb AI, castrated controls (this is not Hitman, I want my jumping), wardrobes, wardrobes everywhere further ruined it for me.I'll just pretend this is some other Garrett, the phony mockery of the old."
76561198028568105,Not Recommended,239160,9329512,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,garrett2008,"How are you supposed to care for an unlikeable arrogant murdering teenage goth chick, that gets introduced in one chapter? Well, you don't. The storyline is the worst I've seen. So predictable, cheesy, with no likeable persons. It feels often like playing any other game (Dishonored, Dead Island, AC, F.E.A.R, Bioshock Infinite, Tomb Raider, Batman etc.) but not like Thief.Sounds are broken, music and conversations stop randomly, guards repeating the same sentence over and over again. Also city of whiners ""My neck aches"", ""My back hurts"", ""I feel so tired lately"", ""I need sloop"", ""I need coffee"". So not even the citizens are in any way likeable. People in one house seem to discuss a thieving job over and over and others talk about that shut down bakery. Over. And over. As if they have nothing more interesting to say.Mechanics are bad. Sometimes you need to hold x to drop, sometimes just space. Why is there a button for using the bludgeon and another one for take down? Why not use the same button as you use the same weapon?The missions and client jobs often feel like replaying a bad remix of old, beloved missions of the previous games.Winks to old gods and the Keepers don't feel like winks, but more like slaps in the face.The open world would've been nice if the Map was working. It is not possible to find your way back to the Siren once Basso isn't there anymore. How is the player supposed to find anything in the City when you have no district names on the map and no marker on where to get to the next level.This leads me to the next point: Animations of opening windows or squeezing through crates and trash to get to the next district: It is annoying, it takes so much time and mashing the E button won't make the player any happier.And city of cousins: I found Truart's, Karras', Artemus' and Garrett's cousin.Only good thing is the graphics. Can't say anything against that. And the Client's jobs are really fun. If I'm replaying this, I'll only do those jobs and then leave the story be. Whoever wrote this should be taken out of the games branche and put back to 50 cent cheesy novels (orFF.net)."
76561198016689961,Not Recommended,239160,15103087,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,BeastMasterJ,"As a longtime fan of the Stealth genre and the Thief Series, this game was a huge whiff for me.My complaints:1) The level design feels as ""on rails"" as most modern FPS games.2) The city map which connects all of the mission locations feels more cramped and claustrophobic than most of the buidlings you'll navigate.3) In spite of recurring characters from the series (Garrett, Basso the Boxman), the world and lore was needlessly stripped of all previous context. Hammerites, Pagan's and Keepers are all conspicously absent from the story, replacing them with a ""Baron"" that we're supposed to be concerned about.You can see a few places where they swapped out previous factions and story, and replaced them with generic story elements. I can't understand the decision to keep the main character and his associate, yet distance the game from every other part of the established Thief Lore.One positive I have is that the new voice actor for Garrett (Romano Orzari) is pretty good, and almost allows you to forget that they decided not to bring back Stephen Russell. Almost.I'm a long time fan of the original series, and I purchased this with an excitment I've not had for any other game announced in the past eight years. I was ready to overlook a lot of issues just to sneak around with Garrett in the modern era.After playing about halfway through, I realized that I had no motivation to finish the game; neither for the gameplay, nor the story completion.My reccomendation: Play Dishonored instead."
,Not Recommended,239160,14513449,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JJO,"I enjoy stealth games so I thought I'd give this one a shot. Didn't play the previous Thief games and I wish I would have listened to Zero Punctuation. There is no real gameflow, not as open world as you'd think it is, Garret is blunt and basically Batman (also contradicts his own opinion: says he doesn't kill but the guards I've taken out either with arrows or when I got detected beg to differ). It could have been so good, it's a shame."
76561197983740996,Not Recommended,239160,21624922,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Chane,"Thief was one of the games I was looking forward to play because I like stealth games in general and played all the predecessors. Unfortunately Thief was a disappointment. While the game has very nice graphics and a strong, sinister atmosphere in a well designed, credible steam punk world, the game-play is troublesome and a drag. I had to force myself to play Thief and it felt more like work than fun. In fact, I can't remember a single moment of joy I felt in this game.Satisfaction? Sometimes.But it was no fun.Pros:- Beautiful graphics- Strong, sinister atmosphere- Highly detailed settings of difficulty, allowing you to adjust the difficulty to your personal preferenceCons:- Path-finding in the open city is terrible. You can't just walk from one quarter to the next. Often you have to break into apartments so you can leave them again on the other side of the house in order to reach another part of the city. Terrible! Moving through the city is like a riddle in a maze.- Very few, repetitive pieces of thieves goods- Really bad story- Horror elements. Do we really need zombie like creatures in a stealth game?- Ridiculous, annoying riddles- Unrealistic hiding places for jewelry- Boring and troublesome game-playIf you want to play a really good fantasy stealth game play Styx. So much better than Thief in every aspect."
,Not Recommended,239160,14377901,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Beardbeard the Unconquered Gamer,murder the eidos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970551177,Recommended,239160,12527716,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,wolandd,"The game is dood, just not as good as we hoped for.The thing about Thief is that it’s inevitably compared to the original series.And well… I have to admit it doesn’t measure up.  Much of the freedom of the originals is gone, for example rope arrows can only be shot at per-defined by developers spots rather than any wooden surface.  With that freedom much of the emergent behavior and lateral thinking is gone too.  The significance of sound is also reduced - you no longer strain your hearing listening to guards footsteps, you no longer get caught because you accidentally put left headphone into your right ear.  The planning and observation are dismissed in favor  of more action style… you no longer watch the guard patrol route for minutes at a time, keeping count under your breath, looking for that one prefect moment, a tiny window of opportunity to sneak past.And you CAN get through the game by killing everything that moves.But… if you stop comparing Thief to original games, you will find solid stealth game, with interesting settings, descent story, pseudo-open world, RPG elements, and plenty of content.  If you like stealth games – it’s definitely worth playing."
,Not Recommended,239160,11806926,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"One a 5 star scale I would put Thief at 3/5 stars.  Now, that's actually not bad.  2 stars is bad, 1 star is horrible.  3 stars simply means that it was average, enjoyable, but not so good that I need to go brag for it to everyone I know or replay it ever again.  4 stars is an excellent game with some minor flaws, and 5 stars is a perfect game, of which few are.  But Thief is fun, but its easier to quantify what is wrong with it rather than what is right.The graphics are well done and they seem to run well on most systems.  The game is solid, although I did encounter one bug and one game crash.The stealth system, I thought was lacking.  It was sorta like the Elder Scrolls Oblivion stealth.  If I crouch walk and stay in the dark no one cane see me.  Yes, there are other obstacles like walking on broken glass makes noise (the city has a serious shortage of janitorial staff, glass is everywhere), but overall the stealth system seems undeveloped.  It occurs to me that the stealth in Watch Dogs was actually more fun, and that's only a small part of that game.The scenery is bleak and dull, perhaps that is unavoidable with a stealth game set entirely at night.  The characters are all dull, undeveloped, and uncharacteristic of themselves.  Most bothersome to me is how righteous Garret, the protagonist, is portrayed.  Garret is a hero, saving the city.  The people whom he gives concussions to and sometimes kills are evil greedy pigs – how dare they work for a living, including those damned guards.  Further, there is so little choice about who Garret is that its like you are playing through a boring movie.  The plot is very strange.  In fact, it makes little sense to me even now.  I pulled out my trusty smart phone and headed to Wikipedia as the credits rolled to see if anyone summarized it for me.  No one had, No one!  So I think other players might be having the same issue as I had,  We are not entirely sure what the story was about other than some weird blue crystals, a freak girl, and a rich pig-man."
,Not Recommended,239160,9603503,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Kiri Kelendras,"I'm struggling to beat this game.... and its not cause its good, or cause its hard..... its cause i'm crying everytime i see a linear hallway that STILL decides to guide me through things like a 2 year old."
76561198005153874,Not Recommended,239160,25934944,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Swegen,BLEGH
,Not Recommended,239160,23117901,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,13xforever,"The good: game looks fine, the controls are adequate, most of the levels are good for stealthing around and lifting the loot, custom difficulty settings.The bad: weird sound engine (if you don't have an amd card with TrueAudio support), lackluster story, atrocious cutscenes at 15 fps.The ugly: forced action sequences, bad level design that needlesly punishes players with No Damage enabled, bosses. You _will_ ragequit the game, and will curse the designers, multiple times."
76561198024724648,Not Recommended,239160,16518634,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Powerful President,"I tried very hard to like this game, but I just couldn't. It's the most linear stealth game I have ever played. There's only ever one efficient way on how to complete areas and get past guards. Another terrible thing about this game is that dreadful and disgraceful dash ability you get. The developers clearly didn't care about the level design so they slapped in the dash to make things a little easier. The dash makes it more like a cover to cover stealth game than an FPS stealth game. And that dash basically becomes the only way to get past guards in some situations. It's way too much checkpoint to checkpoint. Overall: the stealth in the game feels lazy and implemented in a hurry. In short, this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,239160,23118363,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Scarecrow,"As a true fan of the Thief franchise, i feel very sad with this game...I mean, no Stephen Russell? no Hammers? No Keepers? Only a poor reference to the keeper library?, you gotta be kidding me! looks like the developers not even played the others Thief games, this is a shame!...it's everything but Thief, This is not Garrett with his ''Emotions'' about Erin, Garrett does not feel emotions about anything! and i'm not even speaking about his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new voice...This is not Thief, its a poor copy of Dishonored story... It's sad."
76561197970566982,Not Recommended,239160,13877022,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mogs,"Loved the original Thief games, but this doesn't live up to the memory. Couldn't get into it."
76561198049106220,Not Recommended,239160,33092793,Posted: 1 July,all,WilyCoyote,"One of the few games I refused to finish. Played about 6 hours and was a few chapters away from finishing but It was so boring and the gameplay too inconsistent (lighting, stealth, combat) that I uninstalled."
,Recommended,239160,10994678,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,wavy7,I would rate Thief a 7/10 in my book.This game is definitely directed towards certain types of gameplayers. If you're the type of person who likes Call of Duty and fast paced run 'em down games then Thief is not for you. If you love games like Skyrim and will spend hours of your time in games looting bodies then Thief is definitely for you.The graphics were absolutely stunning and I rarely found myself lagging or having problems with my computer playing the game. 11/10 for graphics for sure.I really enjoyed a lot of the gameplay throughout this game. I found it to be challenging and tricky enough to keep me on my toes and using my brain and I wasn't ever bored. The storyline is where I have my issues with this game. I found it slightly confusing and felt as if the developers went way too far into the vagueness rather than spelling it out for the players. Maybe im just thick skulled and didn't catch on fast enough but towards the end I found myself more confused than anything. The ending was not as great as I would have expected and left me a little puzzled.Regardless though I would definitely recommend this game for those of you who have patience and value your looting.7-8/10
76561198086487544,Not Recommended,239160,30227614,Posted: 27 February,all,g.wallace,"I guess I should not be playing this just after finishing my second run through of Dishonored 2.PROS:  Graphics are really good.  Music / cut scenes not really that bad.  The abundance of arrows and types make for decent game play.CONS:  Everything else.  You can only climb in certain areas, and only when you approach it correctly.  You can only jump accross certain places, only when you approach it at the correct spot.  They advise you to stay to the roof tops when moving about the city, which would work, if you could actually stay there.  You spend less than 1/2 you're time on roof tops.  The working you're way through areas where it has caved in and only just a bit of space to get through, pretty cool the first couple times, really old after that.  They could have tried for something else to get from one area to the next.  Getting to areas, you only get access to specific areas when you reach certain chapters.  Making some of the side quests unacheivable because you are not on that chapter.  Unnecessary runnning around just to get to the next transition.  (i.e. Chap 7 where you end up within visual distance of a switch to call a elevator but can't get to it without going all the way around.  You could easiliy climb down, walk accross the exposed rock and climb up the other side, but you can't climb at that spot.  You HAVE to work you're way around and through guards to get there.)I could go on but I won't.  I'm done with this game for now, Got other games to play and may return to Thief later this year.  For now, definately a thumbs down."
76561198373847005,Recommended,239160,35193134,Posted: 24 September,all,Cheap Rugs,"to claim you sound track go here-https://www.sumthing.com/thiefredeem/to claim your english and/or your french comic/s here-https://digital.darkhorse.com/thief/(dark hourse have some pretty great comics ;)if you do not like Thief but really liked the theme, buy dishounred it is a really good game, you can also steal stuff too xD"
76561198170292087,Not Recommended,239160,20010139,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Coyote starrk,"What you are in the game:You are a theif yes.You are named Garret yes.You live in a city called The City yesAnd you use a bow with a quiver of awesome arrows... yesWhat you are not:You are not a Master thief. (Speaking of being feared throughout the ciry)You are not THE Garret. (Master thief, Ex-keeper, Holder of the Glyph, etc, etc ,etc. Or in one word ""Awesomness"")You do not live in ""The City"".  (Built upon the old City of the Fishmen, Eternal conflict the Hammerites and Pagans, Lore of ancient magical artiffact who have a will of their own.)Though you sill have you bow and arrows whitch is a plus.Ok so, point of this review is to say that this game in only ""Thief"" by name and not its content. I love the Thief franchise and I thank all thos who have created it. But I don't find parts and gears that makes up the world of Theif inside of the game ""Theif 4"".  Such as the Hammerites, where did they go? They bult and ran the majority of the city for goodness sake. I understand that they where outlawed but when does that stop a group of fanatics from meeting in hidden rooms and uner the streets! You should meet them at some point! And the the Pegans? Dude they are the poster child of hidding and fighting the power. They were hunted then and they are hunted now. For them nothing has changed.For the fish people, the very foundation of the city was built upon them... literaly. you can't just pass over them. (Pun intended). Now I come to the last of the pillars of the city, the Keepers. the power  behind it all. Yes, the glyphs were taken way from them but they were much more just the glyphs. They would have servived and goen on as the keepers of The City.So if you were simply looking for a game the involded stealth and crime, this game will satisfy your hunger. But if you are looking to walk the streets of The City. With each foot step echoing throuh the forgotten halls  buried  below. Lisening to the bells of metal ringing while the chaos of narture grows. Enbracing the shadows as theever watchfull eye passes by. Knowing that the Keepers are lisening... and waiting. Then I'm sorry. Garret ,the maste theif, had not risen."
76561198036266619,Not Recommended,239160,20055618,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SentientKeeper,"It somehow combines two things:1) The old Thief games sans the dark humor, loveable drunk guards, rationale for why Garrett is a thief, and occasional wackiness.2) Dishonored sans the interesting characters, engaging plot, and supernatural creepiness.Basically, remove much of what made these so much fun to play, and you're left with this game.Thief: Stealth Poop"
,Not Recommended,239160,22064373,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Joel Wolf,"Bought the Thief collection when it was on sale for $11. Never played the originals and wanted to play this first, to judge it without as much bias. After playing for two or so hours I thought it was alright and not as bad as people made it out to be.Then, some things started to irritate me. Nitpicks I suppose, but after playing the original for a bit, the issues I had/have compounded. Contextual jumping is my biggest issue, having Garrett decide the best way to grab a ♥♥♥♥ing rope in front of him was to jump off the 3 story ledge he was on, straight into the ground below, killing him. This has happened more times than I can count in the 15 hours I've put in. The pseudo-AssCreed style 3rd Person climbing in certain places just feels like it shouldn't be there, and really is pointless. Every time I try to open a drawer in a desk, the contextual leaning decides I wanted to lean, not open the drawer.Nearly every action you can do is contextual, causing issues as I've stated, and essentially turns everything into a small cutscene or an animation in which you've no control. Knocking out a guard, pickpocketing, even opening ♥♥♥♥ing drawers. It makes everything feel sluggish, even in the rare moments Garrett decides to skip the aftercare when knocking a guard out. What comes to mind is an attempt to mimic Deus Ex: Human Revolution's takedown system, and as much I love that game, that takedown system wasn't good there, or here.The story, so far, is best to be ignored. Every supporting character seems to only be there to annoy you, Garrett seems to think he's discount Batman, being about as intelligent as the caped lunatic. I've gotten to the point where I've dropped the pretense of Garrett just being a thief, trying to stealth his way through the wallets and safes of poor saps, and just killing everyone in my path just to get through the game quicker.The focus abilities seem to be damn pointless, the upgrade allowing you to see lock mechanisms when picking just makes it even more difficult to pick, as the pins actually fight against you now. The stealth Focus upgrade doesn't appear to do as advertised, that is, keeping you hidden in light for a brief moment. With the standard eye ability, the best thing you can do for yourself is drain the focus meter entirely, and just tap the focus button, as the ability will flash on and off, but highlightable objects will be highlighted for a moment. On the subject of safes, I have found maybe 2 combinations in the entire game, and at least one of them you get no matter what because of story reasons. I have found it to be more prudent to brute force or even flat out looking up the combination, as I'm not going to scour the entire city for some cobbler's damn safe combo, for 20 gold.There are a lot of moments this game has where it could be fun, but it seems to be content with spoiling it as much as possible. On a more positive note, I absolutely love the swoop mechanic, and ignoring the focus ability for it, I enjoy the lockpicking as well.The only reason I'm still playing is I can't stand not finishing a game, but as soon as I beat it, there is no way I'm touching it again. I suggest you don't bother with this."
76561198077105674,Recommended,239160,9281376,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mr JC Denton in Da Fresh,"This game is unfortunate that it suffers for being a reboot of one of the greatest and most important series of games of all time. Thief is a very good stealth game on its own but as a reboot, it is a terrible Thief game. What made the original Thief games great was thrown out the window for linear-looking levels, weird A.I and lots of problems and bugs for some Steam users who preordered the game although I was fortunate not to have to deal with it. And don't get me started on the story. There's potential but the execution was bad. And the last third act leading to the ending was a complete disappointment. Without Stephen Russell in the role, Garrett's voice sounds pretty flat most of the time.However, Thief The Reboot FELT like a Thief game and that's where this reboot excels. Stealing here is as fun as it was in the original games, maybe even better. The tension as you're opening a drawer to pocket a bit of loot is there and the glee as you watch your loot count rise brings back memories from the old games. Challenge Mode is brilliant, that's where the replay value for this game is. Its more tense and more exciting than the base game itself. No need to worry about the story or anything, just focus on good ole stealin.Not a great game but not a terrible game either. Thief 2014 will probably be remembered years from now as a missed opportunity but hopefully, it will ignite an interest for more returns to the Thief universe. But it looks like we'll have to wait some more for a more triumphant return of the Master Thief."
76561198073050877,Not Recommended,239160,32273563,Posted: 8 June,all,Crusty Jugglers,Buy Thief Gold.
76561198058667200,Recommended,239160,32752768,Posted: 24 June,all,d_sheik,"I enjoyed this game.  Its not near as bad as some of these reviews suggest.  Its just not as good the earlier Thief games.  Id grab it when its on sale, definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,239160,9389790,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6lZZm4go-sThis is my impression video of Thief. In the video we talk about the mechanics and how it holds up to modern stealth games.Thief looks great and has a great amount of options. Unfortunately the stealth play is pretty generic. The game doesn't innovate in any way, and every thing about thief's mechanics have been repeated and done to death.It has some promise, and for those who do enjoy the game I can understand where they're coming from, but I personally did not enjoy the game."
76561198043421173,Not Recommended,239160,11409922,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Thejoycean,"The story is just...terrible. I've only invested as much time as I have because the side quests (when I can move around the environment quietly) are a nice way to relax. If you want a good Thief game, play Dishonored, which was a better follow-up to Thief than this ever could be."
,Not Recommended,239160,11440966,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,waterbottles,Nothing like what was promised
,Not Recommended,239160,11386370,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[WC] NovaTiger,"Thief III: Deadly Shadow was fantastic. This....not as much. Controls are a little rough (why is there a drop down button? Just let me walk off a ledge!), graphics are a little underwhelming and I'm not a fan of the waypoint indicator. It's kind of a anachronism right in the middle of the screen. Design the level so that I don't need a waypoint.Pick it up for cheap or don't bother."
76561198043415182,Not Recommended,239160,21630589,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,superprotoplasm,"Thief, a flagship series in the stealth genre, has devolved into a dissapointing and outrght bad game. The shadow mechanics are inconsistent at best, the game itself is buggy, and the plot and setting are ripped straight from Dishonored. Not to mention that this Thief has lost all of its dry wit and humor. Don't. Buy it. You will regret this purchase."
,Recommended,239160,24612145,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,xshateiel,"Here is a thing, a city is in a miserable situation and you think about your benefit. so you become a thief. This game is really deep for this 'theme'. I saw so many 'not recommended' comments down there, i don't know why. But who is not liked this game -for my opinion- shouldn't say i love or play stealth games. bc this game is one of the biggest stealth game.If we talk about gameplay, i'm not seeing any problem. The way and variety of attacking is limited -which this is specified bc i'm saying over and over this is a stealth game, if there is more way to attack this would be an action game.-Anyway, The only problem for me is how big is the city. Actually, how big is the map. We need to look so many places for find to valuable things or collections. and this took our time. And the man who is selling equipment-smth. like wires cutter- is only in 1 or 2 chapter as far as i remember. He should be in every chapter.Well, i really don't get it guys why you don't like this game. you should be play more chapters to understand how deep is this game. one of the best game no matter what."
,Not Recommended,239160,13675554,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Business Shark,♥♥♥♥♥game/10
76561198112100079,Recommended,239160,29251528,Posted: 14 January,all,ambion,"Not a masterpiece, but worth a play"
,Not Recommended,239160,33195869,Posted: 3 July,all,=WL= EdvardK9,"Its a good game but i got bored after the first mission, mainly the reason being that your main goal is basically ''Take everything you find.''Graphics are good, and story is interesting for the beginning atleast.I would say that if you are gonna buy it, buy it when there's sale going on, because i dont think this is worth the whole price."
,Not Recommended,239160,12684824,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Grimmhead,"It's like a mixture Dishonored and Dark Messiah of Might and Magic, but without a majority of the good part. Bad level design and way too many loading screens. Combat feels odd and clunky. Story is nothing worthwhile mentioning, no character development what so ever, and the only two characters which i somewhat cared about(Garrett and Erin) was ruined by the poor ending.The game looks pretty good, and there is alot of details, the  characters looks nice, but i do think that Garrett looks like a emo with emotionel problems and prehabs a bit of a hobo.I would wish that i could equip a diffrent meele weapon or a diffrent bow to mix up the combat.The diffrent arrows is nice but you are gonna end up only usinh two or three of them.I really tried to get as much gameplay out of this game, but i only got about 15 hours or so.( I do think you could finnish this game in 4 hours)I suposse it is a okay(-ish?) game to buy if it's on sale, but have low expectations. 6/10"
76561198139476174,Not Recommended,239160,12993832,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,FrostFire1987,"first off...i was a complete fan of the old theifs, it was some of my first pc games i started to really enjoy as i was a console gamer most my life, from master system to ps4! but as iv got a half decent custom built gaming rig iv been pc gaming alot more, so the first thief made sure u used wits and stealth...this game feels like they have tried to copy dishonored wich means its kind of lost its identity! the graphics r nice (can max it on my rig) the lighting is brilliant but ai is spazzarific, and for some reason ""garret"" is completly unlikable and dull, know idea why thy made him a yank along with the other npcs??? sounds weird being set in an old world type deal with american accents, apart from all that its just average :(  62/ 100"
76561198176086325,Not Recommended,239160,30455822,Posted: 11 March,all,mattscottking,"I was really wishing this would be like Deadly Shadows but it was nothing like it! Characters are boring, gameplay is boring. They forgot to put the fun factor in. Maybe somebody new to medieval stealth would find this interesting because all it has going for it is nice art direction."
,Not Recommended,239160,11972833,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,I am a jelly doughnut,"The amount of hours is how long i could stomach playing this game masquerading around as a game i once knew as Thief.  Not only is the horrible stealth system, a very integral part of the series, atrociously done, the overall game-play is just flat out bad.  After realizing that this game is really a game meant to be played on an ice rink, with it's inexplicable use of press space bar to shadow dodge and win, the game fails to capture any redeeming qualities of the series.It is such a waste too since the game itself looks great, how Garret places his hands on walls etc, is very well done and can immerse you in the character, but unfortunately when the large chunk of your game is a stealth game, and that mechanic is incredibly broken, you can only enjoy the little things so long before you give up.  I really wish i had not pre-ordered the game, if this game were under 10$ i'd say it is worth a try, but anything above you're better off with something that will actually be entertaining.Take the recommendation as you will, but overall a disappointed fan of the game, for someone new to the series it may be a great / fun little game to play around with.  To any fan of the Thief series, know that this game lacks the spirit and soul of it's successors."
,Not Recommended,239160,13176471,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fresh Prince,"I pre-ordered this game with high hopes, but it♥♥♥♥♥♥all over me."
,Not Recommended,239160,13746666,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[buffyverse] zverofaust,"This game is a disappointment, a typical modern rehash gash-grab of an old game that does nothing new and strictly adheres to the cookie-cutter format of unimaginative design. It is full of button-mashing ""minigames"", quicktime events, invisible walls and unintuitive design where giant objective markers guide you every step of the way.If you're looking for a decent stealthy adventure game, this isn't it. Try past Thief games, particularly The Dark Project. Thief (2014) falls under the same catagory as Duke Nukem Forever: a terrible game that nobody asked for that utterly failed to live up to the predecessors it shamelessly exploits for some easy money."
76561198010553452,Not Recommended,239160,13773689,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,IX MoNsTaR XI,"What a terrible game.  I can't pin what makes it so bad, but it is just not fun.  The environments are boring, it's like they used one pallete for every single level.  The storyline is nonexistant.  I am almost 7 hours in and I can't tell you what is happening and have no clue why I am doing what I'm doing.  Gameplay is extremely, extremely bland and boring.  They should have named this game ""Sneak Simulator 2014,"" because that's literally all you do, and sneaking is extremely easy.  You can use a mechanic called ""swooping"" which is basically and invisibility cloak.  Enemies are extremely stupid when it comes to detection.  The inventory system is all given to you at the beginning of the game so there is no seeking newer and better equipment.  The biggest beef about this game is you are a thief, but yet you really can't do anything with your money.  Like...the name of the game is thief, but all you do is buy more arrows and health pots etc. with your money.  The upgrade system is incredibly shallow, it feels like it was put together in a day.  This game is just disappointing in every way, with nothing that will impress you and many things that will ask you how this game even made it to market and why the developers have a job."
76561197983885546,Not Recommended,239160,14787000,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Epica,"Thief 4. A game that i have been waiting for for a long time.A game that has completely lost me in the first few minutes and a game that i came to dispise in the first hour.Let me classify this game. ITS NOT STEALTH.Yes , there are stealthy bits and the game presents itself in that way , but for it to be a stealth game , there would have to be consequenses when you mess up. This game however does not prove that as it resets the situation after a few seconds.Yes it has good graphics , but when i compare this game to The dark project , then i find that the graphics do not balance out that which thief is about.Not to mention that the protagonist ""Garrett"" has become another soulless character. A Batman singularity for a lack of a better term.What is it with games these days or writers. Is it really so hard to provide us with actual characters?In short this game is bad and although i hate to say something like what i will do now , you are better of spending money on call of duty or battlefield.Yes i did have to bite my tung for that.If  you want a stealth experience , then don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,239160,17475224,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MoonMallow,This game is based around stealth. however if you played any other thief game or dishonored you will notice that this game is just to scripted and not fun to play. just don't buy it its a waste of money
,Not Recommended,239160,9327632,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Flea,"If I had to pick one word to describe Thief, I'd choose ""shallow.""Everything it tries to do it does it with such little vigor and lack of polish, and so little depth and care. It's not broken (except for the audio), but it still feels like so much of it was left untouched once a feature was deemed to be in working order. The audio is the only part that feels sloppily done. Poorly synced, horribly queued, and when it works it still sounds bad. Music overtaking conversations, conversations repeating themselves and even overlapping each other. So terribad.So does the art of thievery actually satisfy in a game titled Thief? You would hope so, but you would be more disappointed in this failure than any other part of this bleak affair. Garret makes his living by taking the paltry possessions of everyday citizens; in a city where people are heavily taxed and can barely make due, where stealing a loaf of bread is punishable by hanging. But hey, Garret's the good guy because he doesn't like killing. And those paltry possessions? Well you're looking at filling your coffers with scissors, magnifying glasses, the occasional bracelet and so many cups, all for several coins each. That is not fun! Digging through drawer after drawer after drawer is in no way preferable to stealing rare jewels and ancient artifacts (oh, and any rare items you do steal go right into a chest, earning you no coin, because Garret likes to look at pretty things and sell common items). Oh, and if you're worried that while you're breaking into a home you'll alert some guard dog or be caught by the resident while they are grabbing a late night snack, dont' worry - not one house is occupied. Not one. This is a world that has an established strict curfew, and no one is home. In a game called Thief, thieving should not be a chore.In fact, if I had to choose a second word to describe Thief it'd be ""chore."" The gameplay never evolves, it never starts simple and begins to take shape into something unique and engaging. From the second you start to the moment you finish you are doing the same thing over and over and over.One of the joys of stealth games is the kill/knockout. Taking down a foe with an instant of an attack after doing your best to elude them or setting yourself up to pounce or trigger a devious trap. There's no feeling of accomplishment here when the AI can be so easily fooled and predicted. Any given guard has one path, and moves from point A to point B, usually lingering at either for about 15 seconds - more than enough time to slip past, steal all their valuables, or put them out of their misery. And yes, I know that it's supposed to be hard for them to see you in the shadows, lurking about, and I accept that. But why is it I could more than easily walk right past a guard, who is brandishing a lit torch, and only get a fraction of a glance from him before he figures it was nothing worth note and continues on to point B.The story is just abysmal. It's cobbled together from different ideas the ""writers"" had that never were fleshed out but all told made for enough chapters that they could call it an early week and get started on a six-day weekend. I can't even bother to go into more detail because just thinking about the narrative bores me to the point of suicidal thoughts and I wont let this game have any more negative impact on my life."
,Not Recommended,239160,14184153,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Cryptic_Bagman,"LASTING IMPRESSIONSThiefGENREStealthSTORY (SPOILERS FOR THE FIRST MISSION)It was supposed to be an easy job. Get into the manor, get the stone, and get out. There wasn't supposed to be a ritual. She wasn't supposed to die. It's been a year since then, not that Garrett would know of course; he's been unconscious all this time. Things have changed, and not for the better. There's a plague going around; the Gloom they call it. The City's been quarantined, death fills the air, and the watch is worse than ever. There's risk all around, but reward is always nearby as well. Besides; since when has a little danger gotten in the way of a master thief's paycheck?GAMEPLAYAs per usual for stealth games, you must stick to the shadows at all costs. Running is a good way to get yourself caught, as is walking, so you'd be wise to be crouched at most times. When sneaking, you have three states of being. (I guess that's what I'll call them.) You can either be highly visible, in the light, barely visible, in the shadows, or hidden, in complete darkness. To better help you move from shadow to shadow, there is a mechanic known as the swoop. This will allow you to move quickly for a short time whilst crouched and is essential to stay out of sight. You have your two main tools, the blackjack and the compound bow. The blackjack is a simple club like weapon which can be used for combat, breaking levers, and creating distractions. The compound bow allows you to fire an array of arrow types to help during your missions. The arrows available range from the lethal to highly dependable. You also have the ability to lockpick and pickpocket. (I'd hope those don't need an explanation.)ABILITIESYour major ability in Thief is known as Focus. Focus will allow you to do a variety of activities with higher efficiency. Loot items, NPCs, and various other things will be highlighted blue. With the help of upgrades you can be lead to unique loot easily, slow down time, conserve your vision meter for effectively, silence your footsteps, and many other improvements.  Something to note, many people are very averse to this ability. It CAN be disabled when beginning your game by choosing custom for difficulty.VISUALSThe game doesn't look too bad. The texture quality is very decent at the least; many of them look good even from a short distance. The game has great cloth physics; due to the engine used. Lip-syncing is good as well; dodgy is some parts but fine overall. The atmosphere of the city is probably one of the best parts of the game. It expertly conveys the image of a plague-ridden society. The game runs at a solid framerate as well. I can't remember exactly, but I believe it ran at about 58 to 61 fps. The main menu has a benchmark feature to test the framerate.FINAL THOUGHTSI wanted to like this game. I wanted to enjoy it so badly. It looked like the kind of game I wanted; the stealing of Sly Cooper mixed with a cohesive stealth system? Great, seven dollars during a sale is a steal! (Pun intended.) The game gave me what I wanted but had forgotten just one thing, charm. Garrett is a boring, cynical,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at most times when I know they were trying to make him sound like a loveable smartass. The story makes no sense; it's bland, boring, and uninspired. Even by stealth game standards, the game is a chore. Nothing happens, ever. At one point (SPOILERS) a building blows up. Mass hysteria, death, fire, rebellion; none of which had any impact. You're immediately thrown into an elevator, which is followed by some platforming without any guards and minimal danger. It has its moments, but with all its untapped potential; Thief did not leave a lasting impression; not a good one anyway. I wish it wouldn't have gone this way.If I'm gonna be honest, I think Carrot is more of a kleptomaniac than a 'master thief'. I've never seen one man take so many ashtrays in my life..."
,Not Recommended,239160,14149935,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hi-Tech Hermit,"Am fan of stealth games,,,but this,,,this game a bad. Where do I start??The worst sound design I have ever witnessed in a AAA game,, you could be listening to a conversation between 2 characters standing next to each other and one would sound fine and the other sounds like he is 100 meters away.The story and characters are♥♥♥♥♥♥Bugs up the wazooIts patheticThe only thieving happening he is the Eidos Montréa  robbing you blind.6/10 and am being nice"
,Recommended,239160,19264954,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ANANCI VELET,"A good stealth and a bad combat game.  The name of the game is ""Thief"" so you don't need to get involved with combat."
76561198055934061,Not Recommended,239160,25517879,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Rax Cypher,"Sorry but it is, at best, an average game.  I actually didn't mind the overall experience until there was some sort of glitch which would not allow me to progress to the next stage of the game - I had reloaded from the last save game; even started the whole level again but I got the same glitchy result so I uninstalled the game there and then and was very annoyed.So, if the devolopers haven't released any patches/fixes, then don't buy it as it isn't that great anyway.Some of the other reviews, I have read and I have to agree with - the story and narrative are pretty crap, the mechanics are a little clunky at times, AI was a little dodgy too.Overall - average at best and I'm sure you will find much better games than this on the market."
,Not Recommended,239160,9361393,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,CaLL_ME_YoUr_MaJeSTy,Worst. Game. Ever.
,Not Recommended,239160,9493314,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Schira,Not worth the money.
76561198009139331,Not Recommended,239160,13634192,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,macmert,"If you are the fan of the original series, stay the hell away from this game, this game is not thief, only named thief, it does not even have the freedom offered by thief: the dark project back in the early days. I have bought this game on pre-order and I regret that I've paid that much money for this garbage, let's see, no jumping, the rope arrows are shot only at designated locations, ""blink"" ability? what the hell is that? huge and frequent loading times, the game probably looks good on higher end machines but looked decent in mine as well (GE 60 with 660 GTX)If you can find an offer for the game buy it, otherwise stay clear and go play deus ex, hell even the original thief series once again."
76561197987492093,Not Recommended,239160,19401467,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,jsprodigy,"I've played and beaten all of the Thief games, including this one, and I have to say that this incarnation is NOWHERE NEAR the quality of game mechanics, story, or level design as ANY of the previous games in this series.  I had high hopes upon loading this game for the first time given the sheer brilliance of the original games - this was quickly dashed as the linear, closed, languid environment was set before my eyes.  The graphics are nice, yes, but where is the ambiance?  Where is the quirkiness or the eccentricity of the townspeople and guards?  Where is the magic, the factions, the religious zealotry that I grew to love about the believable and engrossing world that encompasses everything about Thief?  Nowhere.  They have now decided that these things should be stripped out in place of a boring, lazy version of the game that simply takes less time and imagination to create.  I cannot recommend a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of such an amazing series of games."
76561198014475909,Recommended,239160,13159850,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Maeltroll,"Incredibly flawed mechanics, lackluster storyline and characters but beautifully atmospheric and worth a play nonetheless."
76561198018509464,Recommended,239160,21004451,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pavel,Great game. People had certain (and big) expectations because of the previous Thief games. This doesn't make this title bad. I still had a great time (re)playing it.
,Recommended,239160,16890712,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It is visually gorgeous, has a good story with documents and conversations which add depth, offers a range of play styles and routes through levels, and has a wide variety of collectables for those who enjoy hunting them out. I would definitely recommend it.However for OCD completionists like me there are a couple of issues which will drive you insane. [Spoilers] One of the levels has a challenge which cannot be obtained due to bugs, the statistics on challenges are bugged, several of the levels are glitchy and require counter intuitive actions or even exploits to get pure ghost along with 100% loot (one appears completely impossible), the city appears to be missing 2 loot items (I may have missed them, but given one of the smuggler's maps caches is missing I think not)."
,Recommended,239160,28712942,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AJC,"I have not played any of the other thief games. I had just finished dishonoured and wanted another stealth like game to play and this seemed the best option. (This was in 2014-15, before dishonoured 2.)It was excellent, I loved going around nicking everything that was not tied down, whilst the guards did not even know I was there. It is a very linear game but you can redo levels. The AI was decent with its detection, and the graphics and playthrough good.Recommend to anyone who likes stealth games.(8/10)"
,Recommended,239160,14394303,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Jonas,"Solid stealth game with unfortunate flawsAt its core, Thief is agreat and intense stealth game.Hiding behind corners, lurking in the shadows, stealing that shiny jewel and waiting for the perfect moment to vanish unseen works and feels great. Your tools (mainly a bow with different arrow types), your abilities and the environment work together sweetly and create a fluid and very enjoyable stealth experience. Also, replay value is high. I often found myself playing levels multiple times - trying out different paths, trying not to take out anybody, trying to complete all challenges and so on. ""The city"", the location the game is set in, offers a great atmosphere, with many dark alleys, suffering citizens and a sinister, depressive, somewhat steampunk-ish vibe to it. This is underlined by the great lighting effects, which make the graphics in the game really pleasing. The skill and upgrade system is rewarding - everything you steal (besides collector items) is instantly exchanged to money, that you can spend on all kinds of upgrades, tools and skills - which impact the game noticeably, like simple health upgrades or an amulet that deflects arrows.I would love to be able to continue the review in such a positive way, but unfortunately the great core gameplay is flawed bymany annoyances and let downs.First and foremost there's the story - it is disappointing, told in mediocre cutscenes and dialogues and leaves a lot to be desired. Now that wouldn't be as much of a deal if it would simply stay in the background and do little more than give you a reason to hop from one (mostly excellent) mission to the next. But the scenario, the setting and the small story bits that are there leave you wanting to know more - and the story fails to deliver to that.Furthermore, the enemy AI isn't always up to the challenge - enemies sometimes get stuck in walls or run into invisible ones, see you through objects, or don't spot you at all, although you're right there. Still, this does not occur often enough for the AI to become a dealbreaker; tension is always high. The city, while having a great atmosphere, has little to offer. While main and side quests impress with a great level design, small puzzles and lots of loot, there's pretty much nothing to do in the streets of the city - no collectibles, no ""city events"" and exploration is restricted by buildings you often can't enter and short loading screens while moving from one city area to another. Additionally, the included action sequences often feel unneccessary and misplaced. All this leaves the impression of a game concept that is slightly unrefined and not fully thought through.In the end you are left with a game that suffers from many bad design decisions and a weak story, but the great and rewarding gameplay and the atmosphere manage to outweigh the flaws, making it still pretty fun to play.If you're a fan of stealth games, you should definitely give it a chance.+-gameplaystorygraphics and atmospherebad open world implementationlevel design and replay valueenemy AIskill/upgrade systemaction sequences-> 7/10"
76561198040650565,Recommended,239160,17238910,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Heroic Dumbass,"Despite hate from older fans of the series, Thief 2014 is good game in its own right. Think Dishonored with a talking protagonist, less combat, and more stealing.Pros:++Smooth movement, rarely get hung-up and terrain is well defined.++Stealing is fun, as you must be quick and careful to succeed.+Interesting levels and enviroment, even if it is stereotypically gloomy.+Spooky asylum level would've been right at home in a horror game.+Rewards the completion of challenges based on different playstyles, similar to Mark of the Ninja.Mixed:~Main character lacks depth, he's just a guy who steals stuff with your average merc-style ""I like money"" mixed with the Batmanish ""I'm a lonely nocturnal guy who doesn't have very many friends."" Does have some good dialogue, however.~A great many similarities to Dishonored, including: special magic vision, an oppressive leader with full authority over the city guard, a disease killing all the citizens, rescuing the girl, a ♥♥♥♥♥house level, and the creepy old blind lady with special powers. Also,betrayal~Game is linear, which seems to make people poop their pants. If the ride is a good one, why complain? That being said, only some deviation is allowed beyond sidequests.Negative:--Story is lame and unimaginative, generic save-the-girl story but with even less story sprinkled in than other games. Magic occult spooky stuff and whatever.-Level design can be very confusing sometimes. I got stuck on the stupid staircase puzzle longer than i'd like to admit.Overall, if you can get it for $15 bucks or less, it's worth it. I'd give it a 7.5. It's enjoyable, has a good amount of content, and even has replay value.Rating: 7.5Value: ~$15 or less."
,Recommended,239160,11985563,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dark Bison,This song pretty much sums up the entire game ;).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TL0RqEsF_mY
,Not Recommended,239160,11354651,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,(◡‿◡✿) Lynai,"I was really revved up for this game since I'm a fan of Dark Shadows but this was... really lackluster in comparison.Tech wise, the game was way too high def. I can max Skyrim (with mods turned on) on Ultra, Tomb Raider on High and ect. on my computer but I couldn't even MOVE with Thief even on NORMAL settings! Early on in the game I experienced glitches that kept getting worse throughout gameplay. Characters spinning around in a circle, models in the T position, characters stuck when on high alert mode.  There were also some whacked out audio levels.  Music was low, SFX mid and character voices higher but some character voices you would hear off in the distance (like during an angry mob crowd) then suddenly BOOMING VOICE RIGHT THERE of another mob character. Sometimes I couldn't even HEAR Garrett earlier when he talked!Gameplay, w ooow. I enjoyed the mechanics but it was too easy. I was playing on Master mode and everything was just mostly simple. I was expecting better responses from the NPCs but it mostly got a bit harder at the end but that was it.  The monsters too? I was disappointed in them. The final battle? Holy CRAP was I disappointed. That was honestly one of the easiest boss battles I'd ever fought and I was hella disappointed. Hella.  The second to last boss was actually HARDER than the final one.I really enjoy this franchise. I had a lot of fun sneaking around and thinking of ways of getting around but I was honestly expecting something better /especially/ since Square Enix, although published it, has their name on it and after seeing the trailers, screenshots and demos, I expected something awesome.  Really awesome.  But nah, it just became a rated B game, unfortunately.I only recommend if you're a fan of Thief and just want to see Garrett again (<3) or are a fan of stealth games. Give it a shot otherwise this is one to just buy on discount."
76561198076548684,Not Recommended,239160,11336842,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,sieck.shannon,I've only gotten to chapter 2 of the game and I'm having technical issues. The game freezes and completely locks up my computer. I've followed all troubleshooting advice with no effect. I currently have a ticket in tech support but I have a feeling they are going to tell me to uninstall and re-install. Now only being on chapter 2 that wouldn't be too bad but I've read on the forums that the same problem happens in Chapter 6 as well. This is why I don't normally buy games when they first come out. It seems companies are so hell bent on releasing games to get money with no concern whether or not they are playable. You can't tell me that the developers did not know about this issue with beta testing. I had this same problem with Assassins Creed and I didn't play it for a year because I was waiting for them to patch the problem.Until this happened I was enjoying playing the game but take that with a grain of salt because that is only about an hour of play time. My computer DOES meet the recommended requirements. I'll update if/when I hear back from tech support.
,Not Recommended,239160,11340768,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Az17,"OK, so I was going to give this game a good review. I had finished up to the ending of chapter two thinking that aside from some slight glitches the game was overall pretty solid.There was this small part of town I had to pass through on my way to the third chapter. I found my way into this back alley section where there was a bit of loot and was on my way back out when I noticed the the AI was now frozen in place instead of following their patrol routes. The issue was that there were now two guards staring at each other blackly, one staring down the alley I was to come from.After several failed attempts to get by them I finally just ran back to the gate that loaded this section of the map, alerting everyone in the process. Upon activation of said door, the game came up with a message that it was saving my game which was a little unusal since there is an autosave function it normally uses. Upon loading of the town map, the game somehow loaded me back into chapter one and saved over my game so I can't even go back to where I had gotten stuck.Maybe I only but well developed games or something but this is the first time I've run into a glitch like this. I do have a save from chapter two but only from mid chapter and I'm not sure I really even want to bother playing it over again.I enjoyed the game besides this issue but I'm probably just going to pass seeing as it could just happen again."
76561198036988452,Not Recommended,239160,13260858,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,p5ychol,"I'm old school Thief fan. Played T1/2/3 and i loved them all. One of best games ever made in my private ranking.So i was pretty xcited when they annouced Thief in 2014.And honestly - this is the worst Thief series game,and very avarage sneaking game.First bigest disappointment - they replaced Stephen Russell as voice actor. His voice acting was what made thief so unique.Next thing - they decided to abandon typical for thief series cutscenes. WHY?! I loved them, they were very climatic. Maybe it's  just stupid little thing, dunno. But try imagining next fallout game without its well known intro (war, war never changes).As for game difficulty, devs did absolutely great work making this game one of easiest i played lately. Not even close to original Thief.1. No loud floors (and moss arrows), somethies shards of glass but most of the time its not a problem to run whole level! yes, press shift and run, if too close to guars - you will get sound notification.2. New 'swoop' feature allows to exploit almost every guard, in any possible situation.  Absolutely no need of using water arrows now, just swoop and dim lights with you fingers.3. Level design - IMO too linear and too simple. Small amount of non-guard npcs make levels even poorer.4. Almost every guard i considered that might be an issue was scripted so when i approached he moved somwhere else for few seconds allowing me to quickly swoop behind him.Seriously? Whats next? Patrols that automaticly turn around when they get too close to you?5. Focus - another game after Hitman and Tomb Raider that has this feature implemented. The game is very easy without it so i cant understand whats the logic behind it.6. Boring and repetitive city missions. Every single one takes about 1-2 minute to finish and offer no variety.7. Client jobs - max 10 minutes to finish, with maybe 2 levels really interesting and original.8. Guards are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, they will almost instanly forget anything they saw or heard after few seconds of inspecting.The controls:Master thief cannot jump. Joke of the year. He jumps only when he's close to rope or a gap. You get one key and game decides for you whether you want to jump or swoop or climb. This 'feature' is major set back, FPP with no 'maunal' jumping implemented. Like in first Doom games. Next Thief will have one key binded for everything.Overall: 5 out of 10 in my personal score incudling sentimental factor.Oh BTW, visually this game is really hot, audio is also pretty good, but the game lacks everything else.The only good thing about this game is how i really want to play old Thief(s) again.To Square EnixŁ You guys made excellent Deus Ex remake. What the hell went wrong here?"
76561198024107355,Not Recommended,239160,13243091,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Purple ♫,"I remember when i read first time from some website ""New Thief incoming!"" I just couldn't believe it, i was so happy for that, because i thought its good as older thiefs or even better !But when they released it... Lot of bad criticism. Didn't believe it, so i had to buy it. But yeah.. When i started to play it, it just didn't feel ""Thief"" anymore.. The gameplay too easy and you dont have to do anything to ""neutralize"" guards, just go good spot and click once, and Garrett jump from roof and kill the target instantly..I really would like to give plus for this, because of THIEF... But i cant..♥♥♥♥♥♥man ;/*SO Disappointed*"
,Not Recommended,239160,20144694,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ZGAMMA,it isnt what i expected of a thief game it dosent live up to what i expected it should
76561198066415742,Not Recommended,239160,19342272,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Choco De Hobo,Have you ever watched a train derail going 3mph out of the station? That's basically what this is.Can'tJump/10
,Not Recommended,239160,13909506,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Faux Pause,"Bought this game when it first dropped.My personal biggest dissapointment in video game history. As a fan of the series I was jazzed and waited all night to play it, only to find myself bored and annoyed.It wasnt until months later that I realized I was playing a meta game.Eidos stole my money.Edit now a while later as to why it's so terrible. Bad controls, terrible story, no incentive to do anything.thief/10 don't want to get robbed again."
,Not Recommended,239160,15935460,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Phurl,"I quite like stealth games, and keep coming back trying to like Thief, but the story unfortunately just doesn't seem to hold my interest.Shame, as the game had some promise."
76561198030942787,Recommended,239160,10497973,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,gimgim33,"It is a good game but if feels basic.The unrefined aspects: sounds, lack of a good light spectrum, some maneuvering, and somewhat boring AII am surprised that it is not as fun as I was expecting. Thought it would suck me in. What it needs, other than better stealth mechanics, is greater variety of ways to acquire targeted items, and more NPC action variety. The maps and tactics are not technical enough to give the player the same fulfilling experience as the original series. I feel that getting the loot is already figured out from the start you just have to pick it up. Furthermore, the NPC seemed painfully predictable, stuck in loops and not that difficult to get by.It reminds me of Deus EX but not as clever."
76561197970470660,Not Recommended,239160,12030004,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,H8red,"Pathetic attempt at modernizing a classic series. These younger developers haven't learned from the past, believing that QTE's and nice animations make for some fun gameplay. While the world in Thief is quite pretty, Dishonored seems to have really taken the mantle as what constitutes as the new stealth king. Thief lacks a jump button, the designers seem to think that being a master thief AND a free runner, the jump button isn't nessary. The entire world is contextural, you can only do what the small minded designers want you to do. Forget about using the rope arrow to explore the different options of getting into a building, there's only ONE place to use that. While the textures and lighting is nice, the world is too small and cramped, it seems that the City has shrunk.Why is it that the modern designers think that every game has to be like Assassin's Creed? or Call of Duty. If I wanted to play an Assassin's Creed game, I would, but these days publishers seem to think that everything should be like that. Lack of real good gameplay makes this seem like a glorified tech demo.Stay away from this unless you like dumbed down games and watching cutscenes which is basically every younger gamer out there and that makes me sad for the future of games.This reboot should have never happened and I want my money back on this turd.Ok, three hours into this and yes it's still quite simple and no real challenge. Remember that the designers couldn't make a GOOD game due to the console limitations. I still think that this game is not very good.Now I am 5 hours in, and while the only thing that I really like about this game is the movement, but the lack of a jump button, dedicated lean keys and just bad level design really make this game more suitable to the console player with its simplistic control scheme and general hand-holding, the game will play itself, and solve all the puzzles for you if the designers were allowed to. Hence, this game really lacks any imagination and freedom of movement that the previous games had, including a JUMP button. Thanks, Edios for ♥♥♥♥ing up another franchise.6 Hours in and while I like the way you move, it has a nice weight and smooth movement the lack of freedom in the levels make this a neutered piece of crap. Why am I still playing? i paid 10 bucks for this turd and I plan on finishing it. The level design so far is quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Small areas and lack of choice are what drags this down. I miss being able to stack and move crates, getting stuck on a box, unable to jump OR climb on shows that the designers don't know how to make good gameplay. Console players will feel right at home with this, the game will actually play it self. One long cutscene, this is what ""modern"" gameplay is, makes me sad :(12 hours in, and it's not getting any better. The lack of options in the levels make for some very restrictive gameplay. A level under a brothel was uneventful, the brothel itself didn't need the nudity and sex scenes. The amount of cutscenes are two much, obviously the designers don't know how to convey story info through a invisible cutscene. It's very jarring to have control yanked out from under you as a cutscene takes over, making you totally lose the inmersive world that the creators so painstakinly create, bad design choices reek throughout this POS of a game. The contextual gameplay makes for lots of mistakenly closed doors, or dousing of lights when all you really want to do is pick up a stupid piece of gold. The amount of animations for every little thing that Garret does is just to much after awhile, once again the control is yanked away and you lose the inmersivness again.While the visuals in the Brothel and underneath are quite pretty, the size of these levels are too small to really take advantage of Garret and his ""swoop"" ability, which has no reason to exsist other than to compete with Dishonored, same with the Focus ability. These make a simple gametoosimple. AI is nothing to get worked up about, it's dead brained and make the stealth kinda useless.17 hours in, I've been taking my time. What is it with the lack of a persistant world where you leave a side mission and come back and have to do the entire waste of time again? With the limitations of the PC, the first two games had thier issues but they made up for it in large levels and engrossing gameplay. Those games where qutie clever in level design, you really had to think about where you were and where were the guards where in relation to your goal. Their AI routines where persistant and they would hunt you down, in this game all you need to do is lose LOS and your clear. No real challenge or any sense of danger from being caught. I don't think any kid today could ever play the originals and complete them. How could they? with no sense of the past consoler's lose a vital part of what makes simple gameplay so compelling, this goes for the game's designers too. Thief lacks the respect to the originals, throwing on a shiny sheen and gimmicks that have no place in the world.Having played alot of PC games since 1995, I found that the further you get away from the triple A titles, the better in terms of originality, fun, and art and design the better. Once in awhile you get a good title, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, Deus Ex, (not HR, lousy boss battles) but these are far and few between. Its innovation that stems from the limitation of the tech that inspires different types of gameplay and level design, Thiefs designers are limited by their lack of being able to see the limits of the consoles and using that as an advantage. Instead adding gimmicks and cheap story telling rather than engaging the player to really take their time and just soak up the world. Focus, and swoop (such a stupid, uninspired name) make Thief qutie boring, they also force the player to rush forward instead of just stopping and take a look. I know a lot of players like this game, but the reasons they like it have no merit. A shiny coat and some flashy effects can't hide the designers lack of imagination. I actually hope that they all get♥♥♥♥♥cancer. I don't know if I'll be able to bring myself to finish this as I don't know what the story is about.... unrest? plague? characters that are too lazy to fetch their own♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't know. I really really really want to like this game, I am huge Thief player but I can't get past these crates cause I can't climb on them or jump on them or even pick them up and move them.......Ok, 23 hours in, have I really been playing this for that long? I've been doing the Basso missions, and started on the so-called haunted insane asylum mission and really hate jump scares, their not scary and this level is boring. I thought that there would be a huge asylum to explore, secrets and other goodies to find but no. After the last level with the ""giant"" safe, I found that the inconsistant art, and almost useless arrow selection really don't make a difference. What can one arrow do that the others can't? nothing except cost more. The impossible architecture don't scale well, what's with the outside being huge and the inside being so small and cramped? Nothing makes sense. When I am in this game, I take my time to remove the guards to make exploring easier. After I leave an area I find that the guards are all now awake and I have to do it all over again, talk about padding up the gameplay. And the amount of loading screens it torture, why oh why can't consoles at least hold the entire level? I mean this ain't 2003 dark shadows era. Triple A gaming, in terms of tech haven't evolved much, You would think that with the power of the machines that this would not be a problem but covering it up with a fancy animation doesn't make it any better."
,Recommended,239160,14914422,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ғђ ▫Suicide's littlehelper,"Thief has good graphics and above average mechanics. It can be challenging at times, as you have to be careful in making any noise that can attract attention to yourself. Especially, when you're trying to not kill or knockout any of the guards.  (Flashbangs, and bottle throwing are not bad for taking their attention off you.)The story is hard to grasp. You have to read the notes and eavesdrop in conversations to start piecing everything together. So, if you don't have the attention span for it, the story will be confusing. I thought it was great and well worth the effort. Although, Square Enix should next time leave it all out in the open and the notes should  be just ""extras,"" instead of being necessary to read.I hope that they don't give up on the series and make a sequal to Thief soon.Happy gaming."
,Not Recommended,239160,15578572,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,miche,"Excellent graphics and sound/music design but unfortunately not enough game. Missions felt very repetitive, pretty bland story, and there really wasn't anything bringing me back to play it again. Uninstalled after 4 hours.This is a stealth-only game - not really my cup of tea - but if you like stealthy games than feel free to pick it up on sale (as always)"
76561198040295426,Recommended,239160,14497200,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"I recommend it if it`s a great sale.Where to start with Thief? It's very tempting to compare it to the good Thief game, the metal age, but that's just going to make me angry and disappointed. So let me talk about Thief as if I never heard of this franchise before.I played it on master difficulty and it was hard, but the wrong kind of hard. The detection system is unpredictable, sometimes I can walk behind a guard sometimes I can't, sometimes I can stand in front of a guard in the dark, sometimes I can't. Sometimes the guards arrange themselves into impossible configurations (impossible without being detected) because they have some dialogue scripted that doesn't trigger, because they are stuck on a wall or somethign like that. The level design is generally bad and filled with this kinds of problems.Now, these levels were made by talented designers, so what  the hell happened? I'm not sure but I have a theory. You see, level design of stealth games is the trickiest thing there is. Take a good working level and rotate one of the guards, now it's an impossible level. It's that finicky. In Thief they created this upgrade system that encompass everything, your equipment, your movements, stealth etc and that's a huge problem for the level designer. This worked on Deus Ex because DX is a game meant to be played in several different ways, so the level design doesn't have to be so tightly locked to a playstyle. You give the player options but you can be sure that it has other solutions. Upgrade system is a bit trendy right now so they blindly included it in Thief and it broke the game.City hub. It didn't work in Deadly Shadows, it didn't work here. The reason is very simple, stealth is 75% puzzle-like, there's no fun in solving the same puzzle again, making city hub/open world thing unfun for most of the time. It works on games without puzzle elements, like car games, action shooting etc. It's a bit trendy right now so they blindly included city hub/ open world in Thief and it broke the game.The story is all over the place. It's strange, there's a lot of details on the world itself but the story is broken.Yet another mediocre sequel to an excellent and classic game. I have no hopes anymore, Thief will be like Star Wars, where the bad stuff outweights the good stuff. I understand it's not entirely their (the devs) fault. Most of what made the original games special go against the current trends in game design, and it's hard to tell the person that is investing all the money that your game will have none of this open world silliness, upgrade system, RPG elements and all these things that seem to sell games nowadays, and that the graphics will not be up to par with the current generation because we have to compromise something in order to have larger maps. It's not an easy sales pitch and it's a lot of money we're talking about here! But, who knows, maybe Eidos goes crazy and decides to make a worthy sequel despite its risks, or sell the ip to someone who will, whatever comes first."
,Not Recommended,239160,11866059,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Donald,SUPER LAGGY
76561198040889480,Not Recommended,239160,11972878,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,BigPoppaFitz,Awful
,Not Recommended,239160,12088276,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"The short review is: This a very ""meh"" game.  There are not any major flaws, but lots and lots of little ones.  I bought it on sale and most of the time playing it was just killing time.  I actually had to push myself to finish it.The longer version:This isn't a theif game.  It make take place in the theif universe, but that is about the only relation to the other theif games.  I am sure this has been said many times in other reviews, so ignoring that, this game in it's own right is quite bland.Let me put it this way.  I sometimes play Hearthstone when I have some time to kill or I am a bit bored.  I am not really into Harthstone; It is just a game I play once in a while for a few games.    Many times while playing thief, after an hour or so, I was thinking about playing Hearthstone instead of being absorbed into this game.Some things that annoyed me were:The City:  You have to run around this place to go from mission to mission.  It get quite tedious fast.  At some point I just stopped doing side-missiosn because I just wanted to be done with the game and was so sick of crossing the city over and over.Most of the upgrades are geared toward combat.  More bow damage, more health, more black-jack damage.  Isn't this a Theif game?  Oh yeah...The constant chatter of the guards complaing about the same things no matter where they were.  IE: you are in a lost temple 100s of feet underground and guards are griping about the fact there are no sloop vendors nearby (what is sloop anyway?).  Or that they can smell the river from here. Or whatever random gripe they cycle through billions of times.The fact that garret must have a giant santa-clause bag to carry all the gold forks and ashtrays he is picking up.  In other theif game you did have the minor things you picked up, but a lot of it was high quality loot.  Like a gem or work of art.  Here is tuns of ""junk"".    Even when you do find something cool, it turns out to be a collectable, not something you can sell.  IE In one mission I went though a lot to reover some phat diamond. I was hoping to get a lot of gold, but nope... Its a collectable.  Nope, if you want gold, you better steal more forks or coin purses from bird's nests.Speaking of birds, what is the deal with all the caged birds and broken glass everwhere?  That was also just stupid.Oh, at one point the city is burning and all the NPC chatter is just normal stuff.  Nothing about the fact that the place is in flames, but no, how cold a guard is despite the fact he is 10 feet from an inferno...Anyway...Normally in stealth games I prefer to take the non-leathal approach.  However, but the end of this game, my contempt for it got so strong I just wanted to murder everyone.Oh and the ending?  Just bad... really, really bad.Anyway, save your money and buy something else, even if this game is on sale.  I paid $11 and the only thing it satisfied was my curosity about this game.  Could it have really been as bad as everyone says?  It turns out, yes it can."
,Recommended,239160,9679010,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,A Curry Dish,"Pick it up on a sale.It has potential, just not fully realized."
,Not Recommended,239160,10642310,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Unintelligible Gaming,"Even having never played any of the previous Thief games, I still found this game enormously frustrating, but by the time I really realizes how much it annoyed me, I’d invested enough time into it to see it through to the bitter end, and I have to say that I found the ending extremely dissatisfying.  In fact, if I were able to create a title for this review, “Dissatisfying” would be my choice.Where to start?  How about the sound design?  It’s horrendous, absolutely terrible.  NPC chatter overlaps, sometimes THE SAME EXACT EXCHANGE overlapping with itself.  Sound effects don’t sync with the animation, vocal tracks are often impossible to hear, and in the midst of fiery inferno, if you happen to stray a little too far to one corner or another, the sound effects just STOP.  Sometimes they don’t come back, either, even if you reload your save game.The writing is adequate at best, and the characters are hollow and one dimensional.  Even Garrett, who at first seems like an interesting character, eventually reveals himself to be about as shallow as a puddle and comes off as angst-ridden and brooding without any actual character development to explain WHY.  In fact, there’s almost no character development at all in this game.The gameplay itself isn’t terrible, although it gets repetitive quickly, and everything ends up feeling very samey.It’s not all bad, though.  The graphics are very pretty, and while that alone isn’t worth the price of admission, the game at least has that going for it.  But really, is that all we can expect from gaming companies these days?One bit I did enjoy was the haunted sanitarium.  The first part, anyway, where shadows would jump out at you and the game would play tricks on you.  That part of the game really had me interested, but it didn’t last long enough for my liking, before turning into “hide from the monsters”.Overall, I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game to anyone other than people with the blandest tastes.  If you want to play a modern stealth game in a steampunky industrial age setting with a corrupt government and a city-wide plague, get Dishonored.  Much better game.And now, if you excuse me, I’m going to go play Thief 2, which I picked up today, and which I understand is much, much better, dated graphics notwidthstanding."
,Not Recommended,239160,11485511,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Geekystev,"I made a little review in the form of a video :)Check it out if you wanna.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxYzKYqR88EWish there was a ""Mixed"" button on the steam reviews."
76561198035557117,Not Recommended,239160,11499591,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sleepy Chipmunk,"I wouldn't spend any money on this if you were a fan of the old games. The Pagans and Hammerites of the old City are gone, and I almost feel like they just gutted everything that made the original series setting so unique. It's just a standard Victorian ero type place where the rich tend to screw over the poor and the poor all have the plague. Gameplay wise, there's just nothing new that I saw or at least noticed. It's also pretty linear, which does not serve it all that well. What? You wanted to *explore* WELL I'M SORRY BUT TOUCHING THAT SHELF JUST TRIGGERED AN IRREVERSIBLE EVENT. CAN'T GO BACK NOW. I GUESS YOU JUST HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT, TAFFER!There are some fun moments, yeah, but... It's not Thief anymore. It's an okay game on its own, but it isn't a Thief game, if that makes sense."
76561198075365953,Recommended,239160,10917813,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Januson,"As a fan of the original series I have a little mixed feelings about this game. Actually a lot.Game has a beatiful visual adaptation with great and interesting atmosphere. I also really like the idea of Garrets interactions with the environment. But with it come the downsides. This interactions are very limiting for the gameplay.But then there are plain stupid things. For example the city. Although nicely looking it is GOD DAMNT EMPTY!!! You will get plenty of quests like ""steal this"", ""steal that"" but you wont encounter a single citizen. Like nobodys home, ever. Then there are the Guards (The Watch), looking like they got straight from Dishonored along with plenty other stuff (Granny Rags, Pleague, Evil Baron).Overall this game feels like Dishonored ripoff, Dishonored just had smoothier gameplay and better story.Wasted potencial is strong with this one."
,Not Recommended,239160,11974937,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rush Knight,"Let me give you a sense of gameplay: there's a particular side mission where you have to get into a certain shop in order to begin. And the only way into that particular shop is through a window. And the only way to get to the window is across the balconies. Which are only accessible by a rope anchor. Which can only be shot to an anchor point over a brightly lit street patrolled by four guards (five if the one from Raker's Ditch is nearby).Up to this point, I had no complaints. After all, I bought the game for the challenge.So I get to the street, shoot the rope, and hit spacebar to climb it...except instead of grabbing the rope, the thief does his ""silent swoop"" maneuver - which being in a brightly lit spot catches the attention of every guard. Turns out rope anchors and slightly inclined streets are not friendly with one another. So I had to knock out all the guards, back up to the corner of the street, and take the rope at a run in order to grab it. Not exactly stealthy.Don't misunderstand me; the game had potential. And honestly, the real reason I stopped playing was that I suddenly remembered I don't like creepy stuff. (I didn't run out of the room or anything; I just don't enjoy it.) But even though I was willing to overlook what turned out to be an unending string of mechanical bugs that a little bit of investment in QA would have resolved (because I did buy the game, after all, and I'd like to get my money's worth), I can not in good conscience recommend this game to anyone else. It's just too broken.P.S. - I bought this game three months ago for 50% off. Now it's on sale for 66% off. I really should have seen that coming, and I'm sure a 75% off sale is just around the corner; so even if you ignore the rest of my review, at least don't make the same mistake I did. Hold on to your money until the better deal comes along.P.P.S. - I should also mention that my *brand-new computer* could barely run the game on the lowest possible graphics settings. The in-between cinematics ran at half normal framerate no matter what I did. Granted, the GPU is an Intel model, butCOME ON."
,Recommended,239160,10137479,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,CatNightTV,It's still fun enough to play for a short while... but as a long time Thief fan I felt like I was let down in a big way with this one. It has comparable features to the original Thief games but thats about it. Everything else was changed... and not for the better. It feels like they took the thief concept and gutted it... then plastered a shiny new shell on top and made it look new and shiny. Kinda like a collectable toy youd like to play with but you cant because it's just for show.
76561198025863296,Not Recommended,239160,11529084,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gotlin,"It was okay.Took about 20 hours of gameplay to beat and I barely understood the plot that was happening throughout the game. As I pushed further into the game I became less interested in being stealthy since it wasn't as satisfying, so I just started hitting people in the head with an arrow, and not going too far out of my way for extra loot.  I enjoyed parts, however by the second to last chapter I found myself looking forward to completing the game and moving on to a new one.Eventually I did comple the game, and the ending left me confused without any sense of closure.  Reflecting on the plot and it's characters, I realize neither had a great deal of depth in the first place."
,Not Recommended,239160,11538045,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Disinmas,"I'm going to put this out there from the beginning: I adore the original Thief games, and the first two easily rank as two of my favorite games of all time. I find myself going back to them repeatedly over the years, starting from the easiest difficulty my first run when I was a kid, to beating it on expert multiple times. Each game had its own atmosphere, its own story, each fleshed out and gripping while retaining what made Thief, well Thief.You feel like Garrett, you feel like a Master Thief knowing that if you screw up and get seen, you're a dead man. That never changed between the games, a constant that grounded each game to eachother ""You Are Garrett, Master Thief"". Yet each game had a setting an atmosphere all its own, be it the mechanizations of the Woodsy Lord, or the unfeeling metal monstrosities of Father Karras. Even Thief Deadly Shadows, up until this point the weakest in the series, had scenes and levels that pulled me in and wouldn't let go Shalebridge Cradle in particular.With all of that I pre-ordered this game,  I could be Garrett again, I could be the Master Thief. I was wrong. This character isn't Garrett. Hes an idiotic wannabe ninja who apparently broke his legs repeatedly, hes clunky, can't jump, and his ""parkour"" feels even worse than Brinks, his voice actor change is the least of this remakes worries. On top of that is poorly made level design, and game mechanics that were changed specifically to limit your actions and make this game they tout as ""Multiple paths, find your own way"" feel almost as linear as Call of Duty. One of the finest examples of this limitation is the Rope Arrow, originally you could shoot this into any wooden surface granting great freedom in where you used it and how you used it to get around. Now you can only shoot it into pre-designed  areas littered throughout the area denoted by a wooden board wrapped with rope, limiting your movements to where the developers want you to go.To keep this review from going on for even longer, heres my conclusion. This game is uncreative, limiting, and above all lazy. Its like they didn't even try to make this a Thief game. Take this as a recommendation for the original 2 Thief games, and while weaker, the third. If you play those and want another game. Just go play Dishonoured as a full stealth character, its not quite the same but its a lot closer than this abomination."
76561198016593247,Recommended,239160,11973187,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,talloyer,"When I first knew about this reboot, I had never played the previous games (at the time), and based on the reviews of them and the features of the previews, I decided to pre-order the game, and I don't regret it. But it could have been much better. Below are the main pros and cons:Pros:- Great graphics and excellent art direction, with are very effective in giving a oppressive, glooming but beautiful settings. A fortunate detail is that is possible to see almost Garret's entire body, unlike other first-person games.- Easy, fluid and immersive playability. Though it should have a jump button, I rarely missed it when I was playing.- Solid stealth options: places to hide, shadows, distractions- Offers multiple approachs to pass through the levels, as well as lots of exploration.- Customization of difficulty, with several handicaps to increase substatianlly the challenge.- Great side-quests, more open-ended than main campaign. I particularly enjoyed a lot the bank heist mission.Cons- Story, characters, dialogues: easily (for me) the worst flaws of the game. For starters, it occurs in a completely different timeline from the classic games, many years after their events, so none of the original characters appear here, even Garrett, which here is someone else. The plot is so incomplete, with so many doubts, plot holes and questions unansewerd or dealt incoherently. Examples: the so-called Baron is often mentioned as someone very important for The City and so, but only appers TWICE during the whole game, in short appearances; the Thief-Taker General appears only in incovenient moments and is always misplaced; and Garrett himself is a shadow (pun intended) of his former self; plenty of times he is so sloppy during the campaign that makes arguable the ""Master Thief"" nickname. And the ending... WTF. So abrupted and frustrating, it's like they had run out of time (or/and ideas) and decided to just end there. If not for the several notes found in the levels to understand the lore it would be much worse. No wonder Rhianna Pratchett (yes, the same from the last Tomb Raider) refused (and still refuses) to talk about the game, except ""I hope some of you like it""; well Rhianna, I didn't, so f#¨% you and the other writers. Do not EVER return for a sequel.- Excess of linearity: Despite what I had said above as a pro, actually the freedom of approach is irregular though the levels. That is there are sections in a chapter which you have plenty of paths and things to explore, but in others the path is strictly linear. E.g.: chapter 4, the mansion section offers plenty of approaches to explore but past that is very linear so the map (which is mostly confusing) becomes unnecessary. Doesn't help either that on screen (and map) there's an icon pointing exaclty where you're supposed to go and how far is it. It kills most of the challenge!- Music: It is not bad itself, it's ok, but is mostly generic, the kind of could be in any thriller movie. Little of it is remarkable.- Difficulty: as good as it is to customize it, it feels more like an artificial way to increase the challenge. The AI itself is stupid and predictable, and waht makes frustrating to fight them is that Garrett only has a blackjack to fight them (no knives, daggers or swords!) and have to hit them a few times  to make them flinch so thay can be knocked out.As you can see, I detailed more the cons than the pros, so you may think my recommendation is incoherent. I felt that I had to elaborate more the cons to be better understood. But all in all, the gameplay itself is good, the levels are compelling to explore and there's lots of exploration. And at this time of my review the price is really attractive to purchase.I have already played the 3 previous games, and I completely understand why many fans hate this game. But I can't deny I mostly enjoyed playing this game (I woudn't have played Thief for almost 50 hours if I didn't, believe me). It is a good game. Although I must admit if I had played them before this reboot I would probably have liked less.I honeslty hope there's a sequel and if the development team regards all the feedback, and is more inspired with better writers, future games can be much better than this one.I give it 75/100."
,Recommended,239160,15634779,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Spoof,"TL;DR: Not a successor to the Thief-Franchise but (except for the story) a damn good stealth-game on its own.As you might imagine, I do not have much experience with the Thief franchise, due to me being of very young age. I wasn't even born when the first Thief was released. However, I do have experience with stealth-games in general, and I hope to bring you a detailed insight of Thief 2014 and answer your question if you should buy it or not.STORYThe Story begins with Garrett robbing a Safe for an expensive necklace. After he escapes the attic he found the safe in, he meets his friend Erin, who leads Garrett through a kind-of-tutorial-area. At the end of the mission, the two observe a group of people who look like priests or monks performing a ritual in front of something called the 'Primal Stone'. The Building Collapses, Erin falls down and dies, Garrett falls down, survives, but falls unconscious.A Year later, Garrett wakes up while two beggars try to smuggle his body into his hideout in the clocktower in the center of the city. The smuggling attempt fails, one beggar is killed, the other runs away and Garrett is on his own, with the claw he ""inherited"" from Erin. He later learns that the main antagonist is still alive, and that a plague-like disease, the ""Gloom"" is running about in the city.Garrett now works for several sides, his fence Basso, Orion, the leader of the resistance, and as a freelance to discover the secret behind his hallucinations of Erin in some kind of otherworld.HUBWORLD / THIEVERYIn the Hubworld you can take side-missions or go and heist houses at your own leisure. There's loot everywhere and some guards even carry little valuables on their belt, which you can either take by taking up their body after you killed / knocked them unconscious, or you can pickpocket the loot from them. There are also merchants who sell you various types of arrows, and quest-givers, who... well... give quests.MOVEMENTGarrett moves at a medium pace, and you can hold CTRL to walk over glass shards or through water quietly, or you can sprint by holding shift.While you cannot jump in place anymore, Spacebar has turned into one button for a little dash which you can use as a crouched sprint, and you can sprint with shift and hold spacebar to turn it into an automatic climbing button.COMBAT: BlackjackGarrett carries a bow and a blackjack, but not a sword anymore.Also, you can't equip the blackjack anymore, but swing it directly. Further, there's a dodge-button which helps you in combat. 3 Hits with the Blackjack while evading enemy hits will usually trigger an optional button to instantly knock out the guard. Without the Bow, you can NOT kill or civilians anymore.THE BOWThe Bow is your all-purpose-weapon. You can shoot regular arrows to snipe enemies, water arrows to extinguish light sources, gas arrows to knock out birds, dogs and other potential troublemakers, and blunt-headed arrows which you can carry in great amounts to trigger buttons from afar.One VERY big flaw for me is that you can shoot rope arrows only at pre-determined locations now, instead of wood in general. This eliminates the whole purpose of using a rope to climb unclimbable terrain. Now it's REQUIRED to reach certain locations, and the feeling of ""being smarter than the game"" which you had in the old Thief games is now gone.MISSION DESIGNThe side jobs are manifestations of the thief formula: go to x, steal y and, sometimes, bring it to z. For every side mission you receive a small amount of gold, sometimes a few hundred, sometimes the reward is a piece of loot that's worth 50 gold.One problem is the amount of side missions there are in the game. If you do them all, you will never face financial problems and be able to buy everything, at least below master difficulty. In the Master difficulty grade, arrows and gadgets are considerably harder to come by, and at some point you will have to decide what type of arrows you want.The Story Missions are horribly designed. Sometimes the game crosses Horror territory,WALKING THROUGH AN ASYLUM WITH NO ENEMIES AROUND AND PICKING RANDOM LOCKS TO TRIGGER STORY PROGRESS DOES NOT BELONG IN A STEALTH-GAME.Sometimes it throws you into a room with 4 or more enemies, aware of your presence, and with the objective set near an un-extinguishable lightsource, forcing you to kill or knock out everyone around.GRAPHICS, PERFORMANCEThe game runs buttery smooth on my Phenom II X4 965 BE and Radeon HD 7850, without AA and V-Sync. Shadows look great even on medium settings and the textures reach from okay to sexual intercourse for the eye.PERFORMANCE OPTIONSThe list is too extensive to describe in in detail here, but I will give you an example:Imagine the settings ""Graphic quality: Low/Medium/High""Thief's graphic settings are the opposite of that.Also: FOV goes up to 110°.GAMEPLAY SETTINGS / DIFFICULTY SETTINGSYou can create a custom game-mode with special limitations. There are many options, from ""you can't use broadhead and sawtooth arrows"" to ""if you die your savegame is deleted"". All of these options increase the score you get in the game, which is shared on a global leaderboard, if you choose so.Overall, Thief is a nice game. The thievery and movement feels right, and aside from some really ♥♥♥♥ed up main missions, it's a blast to play. I bought it in a bundle for 9€ and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game for 9€? Worth every penny.Thief 2014, Thief 4, Thief Reboot, Thief Remastered, Thief whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you'd like to call it, is dragged down by comparisons to the older Thief titles, which were better than this game. This does not mean that this game is bad, though."
,Not Recommended,239160,16544673,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,prOtep,"After playing this for nine hours... I uninstalled halfway through. When I buy a new game, I usually get sucked in to the chagrin of my friends and family. This game makes me want to quit every time I go into a load screen.At least I got it on sale."
,Not Recommended,239160,18654140,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"The thing about Thief is it doesn't know what it wants to be.And I'm gonna explain in my convoluted drawn out review style, enjoy the paragraphs.This entry in the Thief game was hyped up a lot by Thief fans, stealth fans, and others (me for one) in general.I never played the other Thief games, but everyone knows that they are critically acclaimed, and for good reason, however this entry, or Thief 4, is the black sheep.When I mentioned Thief doesn't know what it wants to be, I meant it wasn't sure if it wanted to be an action game (from the bow and arrow bits), or a stealth game, if it wants to be a stealth game it's very clunky, and Garret feels like he's carrying an elephant, if it wants to be an action game, the fighting is easy and you get a lot of leeway for bow kills.Honestly this deserves comparison to recent successful stealth titles, notably Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and Dishonored, especially since it feels like Thief drew a lot from Dishonored, but still ended up a boring game.In both titles you could fight your way through to the target, or stealth your way to the target, either method worked great and felt really rock solid, in Thief it feels watered down.The setting of the story is something of note as well, the devs mentioned Garret would not get involved with the current politics, rather just weave through it to serve his own needs. Yea uh...no, and its disappointing because a ""spectator"" point of view from Garret would have been great, but instead you gotta get involved to save your jailbait friend who got caught.This game is a conundrum, I read all dev interviews, what they had planned, what they wanted to do, watched it at E3, hell I read about how they developed the bow which is the best part of this game, and somehow this game still falls flat.The map and level design also fukken SUCKS. Stonemarket is a maze without the map, there are ledges and walkways that lead to dead ends and nowhere, there's load screens in places you don't want them, using windows to travel between places sounds easy but in reality its a hassle.Levels are not too complicated at all, often with very simple pathing helped by the fact that the game feels the need to shoehorn you through it with the whole you-cant-come-back-to-this-area, making levels linear.Edit: I want to add to my review, after giving this game a second shot and retrying it, I found it was just as bad as it was when I put it down.There's cripplingly bad lag similar to what I saw with Watch_Dogs which made me question if Eidos can even goddamn code or do any QA, there's a bug where windows just don't open no matter how much you mash E after chapter 3.But most of all I want to addon how I feel about this game after going a bit more indepth.It sucks. The impact isn't there, combat is dull, stealth is dull, the fact you steal crap to buy stuff so you can...steal more is a derp moment, the goddamn QTE for opening windows riles me up, I still continue to question if this game wants to be stealth or action but it's a blend of both and ended up looking like some mutant experiment gone wrong.This game feels like Dishonored, if you gutted it, sold the organs on the black market, and used the money to try and make it on a budget, simply put. No soul, little substance.If you want to get into the Thief series specifically, skip Thief, get the previous entries instead and THEN this one, but on discount.If you're interested in stealth games, skip Thief."
,Recommended,239160,29646209,Posted: 2 February,all,Daidaloz,"Not sure what i think of this game, however the dishonored games are way better."
76561198034029393,Not Recommended,239160,13182681,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,cherniyalpinist,"Ok. Here is the difficult choice. I want to like this game - I really do. ""Thief"" series are wonderful and a huge name in the history of gaming. But this particular game lets them down - massively.Let's be honest - it's not a complete failure, but it just seems so... clumsy in everything it tries to achieve. Let's have a look at some key factors, which spoil the gaming experience:*Repetitiveness - the game is extremely repetitive. Whoever wrote the scripting for guards' spawning, patrol-routes and AI deserves to have his hands broken (so he would not write scripts for some time at least). Every time I switch between the maps or areas, I know EXACTLY when and where the guard or civilian will come out from. Ok - I just loaded into new map and the guard will stroll out of the alley to my right in about 5 seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1... ah - there he is. Every bloody time.Repetitiveness doesn't stop on that. You have to constantly sneak through the city. And I mean CONSTANTLY. I realise that ""thief"" is a stealth game. I wouldn't mind (in fact - I would love) to see more side quests, where you have to sneak around new areas, doing new things. But going back and forth through the same streets of the same maps, avoiding the same guards, on same patrol routes and listening to the same dialogues over and over - it's just too much. At first I played the game as it meant to be played - stealthily. Now - I'm just running about, knocking out and killing guards like mad - just to avoid sneaking for next 5 minutes (they respawn) and to make them shut up for a while.*Open World... not - the game pretends to be a good exploration game with variety of ways to achieve your target. It fails on that. If you look at game mechanics - its just well-disguised ""corridor-runner"" game. Yes - there are roofs and balconies and all that, BUT - there's usually only one way to reach any particular destination. It is not like ""assasin's creed"" games, where if you want to access some roof, you have lots of options on how to achieve it - use the ladder, climb the wall, jump from another roof or use some other means to get there. Thief can not do that - it is only one correct way to get there and that is the way you HAVE to use.*Clumsyness - just about everything feels slow and clumsy. Once again - it is not ""assasin's creed"" or ""tomb raider"", where your protagonist feels agile and smooth. No - our beloved thief stumbles across the city like a drunk down a flight of stairs. Everything you do feels like struggle.*Empty City - apart from annoying guards who go around their poorly scripted patrol routes, several civies who also stroll about the city without any obvious reason and homeless drunks, which serve no purpose at all, the city is empty. Nobody on the roofs, nobody in apartments that you steal from, nobody to talk to, nobody to listen to, nobody with any jobs and side-quests to give you. It just feels like city does not care about you and very soon this feeling becomes mutual - you stop caring about the city and the game as a whole.*No fast travel - there are so many beautiful games, with gorgeously crafted worlds, where exploring is actually fun. Oblivion, Skyrim, Fallout series, Far Cry 3 and so on. Those games make it fun to just walk around the world, yet they all have fast travel option. Going aroun the city in ""Thief"" is f*****g daunting and it has not got any means of fast travel. That's right - suffer, you b***h.That is to name only a few major downfalls. There's plenty more where those came from, but I think you've got the idea.There are also a few good points about the game, like dark and gloomy atmosphere, collectable pieces of loot, some interesting (although fairly simple) puzzles along the way, good selection of tools (mainly different arrows, but no real necessity to use them most of the time) and so on. But all these good things are getting hopelesly outplayed by all the downfalls of the game.Verdict - if you're hardcore fan of thief series, wait for a sale - the BIG one. If not - save your money or buy one of TES games and join thieves guild - much more fun."
76561198052291682,Not Recommended,239160,13204359,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,gufferdrengen,"I find that many of Mr. Tibbs' points suit my own opinion of the game:""Regardless of how important the series is to you, Thief is just a fundamentally flawed game.""The ""game that plays like it was rushed out the door. When it works, it can be enjoyable but it has too many bugs, design flaws and questionable decisions to recommend to anyone but the most desperate of stealth fans.""""Thief is a broken, tragic, rewritten mess of a game. ... The Baron and Orion standing in for the Mechanists and Pagans respectively, is fine on paper but it doesn't work in execution.""""The sound-mixing is atrocious. ... Sound cuts out frequently, guards across a courtyard sound like their yelling into the players ear, npcs yell ambient dialogue over Basso repeatedly during cutscenes, and Garrett's voice actor frequently pauses to his read lines. The lip-syncing is horrid. ... Unless you're walking on glass or water, it's doesn't matter where you walk, Garrett won't make a sound.""There are some really cool additions ... real-world alarms (birds, dogs), the lockpicking game making a noise when you fail. It's quite enjoyable, but not without reservations. Some of the best parts of the game are undermined by, I suspect, poor play testing.""""While the city looks gorgeous, its pretty much empty. The sidequests are neat, but most of the time I'm just exploring an vacant apartment; no one's home. If I mess up the lockpicking or set off a trap 9 times out of 10 it doesn't matter since it's empty. All these cool additions to the game are underused. Also, there's so many loading zones! Enter a one room apartment. Pick up a letter opener and a ring. Leave in under 20 seconds. Load for just as much. This content just slows the game down.""Garrett's movement has a nice heft to it. He feels present. But moving through the world is about working out exactly what the designer wants you to do, not using your instincts or experimenting. If a rope arrow is just out of reach, don't bother trying to grab it. You need to look for a crate, or a ladder or a walk way to reach it. It's a discrete puzzle that was made for that specific instance. ... These guards will patrol in this pattern no matter what. This object can be leaned around, while another identical object cannot. You can climb this crate, but not this one.""""It's such a frustrating game! ... Thief doesn't play like the rest of the series.""""Thief plays like it was made in 18 months. It simply wasn't ready. I hope they get the opportunity to take a long look at what happened here, evaluate and take another stab at the licence."""
76561197996866350,Not Recommended,239160,12021427,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Buttered Croissants,"Before you read my review, know that I only got 75% through before ragequitting.This game is interesting and has many aspects that make it interesting, but ultimately, not worth the playthrough.First of all, I really enjoyed the visual aspects, how well it ""played"" (controls, etc.), and the overall aesthetics (visuals, sounds, environments, etc.). I thought the story and characters were interesting and piqued my interest initially. Furthermore, the city and it's elements caught my attention while I played. It's important to note that the motion capture or animation (not sure which) used in this game did a great job in capturing how people move and I think is very realistic.That all being said, the game left a tremendous amount to be desired. Initially and as I progressed, the story failed to engage me. So his lady-friend is dead, why do I care? He doesn't answer to anyone as he is a thief and nothing more: why is he so selfish? Why are there thieves and no other real criminals? So much of this seems 2-dimensional, so to speak.The gameplay also made me upset. While this ""master thief"" is very good at stealing and can slink through the shadows with his cool gadgets, climbing abilities, and impressive stealth, why does the combat aspect of this game fail so miserably? He can swipe cups, jewels, letter openers (I'm going off the top of my head) but the sword on the ground in front of you isn't available despite the guard that is clearly about to kill you? There is no easy way to defend yourself?The controls occasionally fail to impress as well. Even remapping key bindings does only so much, especially as it seems like your only option is to run away.Furthermore his ""powers"" and upgrades take a lot to unlock and still only make so much of the game more playable and barely so at that.Honestly I think anything out of the Assassin's Creed or Splinter Cell lineup would be better than this. I've thought about reinstalling it but on second thought, I have better things to do."
,Not Recommended,239160,11299753,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Eloweasel,"Here's the thing - it's hard to write a review without comparing it to Dishonored.When you compare the two, Dishonored wins, hands down, no question.That is what makes this game so hard to play. Once you've played Dishonored (where both games stemmed from the original Thief series), you can't say Thief is good. I has all the elements there, but not that engaging gameplay. It has the right tools, the right missions, but it is lacking. I don't have that drive to keep going with the game, it's directionless.Things I love? I love the stealth element, it's well done, I like a game that doesn't force you to go and engage in battle with enemies if you don't want to - but the stealth element is... I'm just going to overuse the word; lacking. You would expect a Thief to run along the rooftops, to make some simple ""video-game"" jumps, even some routes you feel would be accessible in real life, are missing. It's very ""dash from shadow to shadow"" type gameplay. Sure, there are lots of different paths through the shadows, but ultimately, you're just doing the same thing over and over again.From the beginning, I expected to be launched straight into a complex and rich storyline, but I was disappointed. One might argue that Thief avoids a cliche-style storyline, but for me, it just wasn't engaging enough to keep playing. Perhaps I will come back to this game and jump that hurdle, but right now? It just isn't doing it for me.If you read any of the professional reviews, I agree completely with them, that's really all you need to know."
,Not Recommended,239160,11426447,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,G_C,One of the ♥♥♥♥♥est and dullest games I have ever bought
76561198040150009,Not Recommended,239160,12129656,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,rynoth,"Love the voice acting and dialogue.  I've found myself actually laughing at quite a few of the conversations I've eavesdropped on. Eavesdropping can also alert the player to potential loot locations. The designers implemented great animations for Garret for when he opens a chest, picks a lock, searches for a hidden switch, or extinguishes a flame further adding to the game immersion. **The plot has been interesting so far** and Thief has wonderful graphics.Now The Cons:1. The light meter in Thief is a piece of junk. I can't tell you how many times I would hear my ""thief-sense"" warning me that someone was about to see me even though I am completely shrouded in darkness. I've dropped bodies into shadowed areas only to have them instantly discoveredin the patrolling guard's peripheral vision.There were even instances of Garret visually appearing to bein shadow but my light meter would say I was totally exposed and vice versa. I extinguished a candle right next to me that didn't seem to give off any light2. Your dash ability is also crap.It's context based and shares the same command as climb.So my first attempt at being sneaky I inched around a crate, waited for my moment,and watched in horror as Garret climbed on top of the crate and into the light rather than dashing.A similar experience trying to climb a rope I just hung for myself. I had to dance around the AOE of the rope until I found the sweet spot and the game allowed me to climb it.3. The same can be said for Garret's drop down ability. I swear some ledges require it and some don't. This inconsistency combined with the idiotic descision to not have a ledge hang just adds to the frustration. First I'm forced to climb up a ledge all the way because of the lack of ledge hang. Next I can hear a guard is going to spot me, so naturally I try to back up which would cause me to just fall off the ledge down to the ground below and out of sight. My back hits a wall because of that stupid drop down key and I'm spotted. This was probably from a height of 3 feet and not like up on the cat walks 20+ feet in the air.4. Guard patrol routes will randomly break. I snuck passed 2 guards while the first was doing his patrol route. Entered a dead end alley and started looting. When I came back he was just standing there and did not resume his behavior no matter how long I waited. Yes I could and did use a bottle, but when you're trying to do the level without raising any suspicions it's frustrating to get to a moment like this when you're forced to break your rule because the game decided to break.5. I don't understand the purpose of civilians. They completely ignore you so long as you're not killing people, and that's fine. But I've had them investigate thrown bottles, relight braziers, and worst of all report dead or unconcious guards.That last one makes zero sense. When you start the game and it is made abundently clear the guards are all corrupt,  vicious, greedy, thugs who bullyand kill the lesser folk and totally get away with it.Why would one of these poor abused people report a dead guard?They'd be just as likely to get blamed for it and executed.6. Your map is terrible. All those loot locations you overhearare completely worthless because nothing is labelled on the map.Terrible soundYou will hear conversations and have no idea where they're coming from.Sounds will overlap each other making incomprehensible noise. NPC characters will sometimes repeat the same three lines of dialogue every 15 seconds in a given area.At the Siren's Rest Tavern there are two women talking and one of them soundedlike she was delivering her lines under water.The rewards don't match player investmentsIn Thief there are story missions and side missions. Unfortuantely the amount of effort required for you to get from point A to point B is out of sync with the rewards you get once you reach your destination.While on a side mission I found myself doing my usual burglary. Opening chests, drawers, picking safes and it just struck me. I was bored. Painfully, painfully bored. I didn't feel like a ""Master Thief"" I felt like a kleptomaniac. Picking up ANY item of value to recoup my losses from purchasing equipment. Ink pots? Pens? Letter openers? Who thought this would be fun?You buy arrows to gain access to secret areas with more loot, but the amount you get for that loot is such a pitance, you'd be better of just ignoring exploration all together. I spent 50 -75 gold for a rope arrow on Master Thief (don't know the exact amount) only to find a brooch in a bird's nest worth 10G.Final ThoughtsLove the skill and patience that's required to play stealth games.The problem is for a stealth game to be goodit requires tight controls, consistent game mechanics,and inputs that work 100% of the time and that's not Thief.Pick it up on sale for $10 or less, but I wouldn't pay any more than that.Don't buy it.**Update on Plot -- Contains Spoilers **Aaand now I'm in some ruined catacombs and there aremole people or some kind of monster? Wtf?Utilizing cheap scare tactics to tryand wake me up from the coma that the last 18 hours of gameplay put me in.Amazing."
,Not Recommended,239160,12096538,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Futski,"Some of the most intriquing places and wauw - what backdrops!But what's the point of this pretty ""open"" world, when you still have to follow very specific points to get anywhere? Why does volume on voices increase when people talk of where they hide stuff? Why is my detect-stuff skill maxed out after 30 mins of gametime? Why does loading screen encourage me to listen to conversations that repeat every 4 seconds due to short monologues?I so wanted to like this title.But hanging at the end of a rope, at BEGINNING OF CHAPTER TWO, unable to drop to the very, very solid ground 2 feet below ... and it kindda feels like Garrett fell victim to what has destroyed almost all titles from my early gaming days: Todays stupid kids have to be able to play it as well, so we put up these safety barriers.That, or the worlds steampunked master goth-thief suffers from vertigo and fear of heights. He needs lessons from Captain Kenway, methinks. My screenshot-button went crazy though, so props to designers and a nutsack kick to the engineers.... I MEAN, COME ON: Smash button lotsa times to jig window open once it glitters on your screen. What a shame. And here is Erins butt-shot, 20 seconds in. You want that ho-ho, you crazy little cracker! You're just too young to know why, but sure made you motivated, huh? Now, navigate the city. Yes, Garretts blood did not flow to brain either, it seems. Die - or follow the neatly set CORRECT path, sucker.Willnottry liking this again and it is so annoying having to agree with critics, as I fully support all this rebooting and shining up of classics. But we won't be giving you points for trying, developers. This is just silly, but fortunately I'm richer for the worthy €10 lesson."
,Not Recommended,239160,13209805,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Tipples,"This is not a Thief game as you know it. This is something much worse. There's a lot of polish here, but at the end of the day it's just not fun. The Thief mythos has been redefined and the core mechanics have been changed.Did you enjoy making a pile of bodies on each level in previous Thief games while slowly progressing through? Gone; now the levels are extremely linear and encounters tend to act as a checkpoint through which you'll pass and immediately forget.Enjoyed collecting loot and meeting those value goals each level? Gone as well. The loot will literally obstruct your path. Levels feel more like a Mario game than Thief--the loot will jump out at you (especially now that it shines *and* you have focus vision to make it pop). Sure you can go slightly out of your way and grab a few more coins, but it's hardly worth it.Did you enjoy finding secret areas and the rewards within? Also gone. The secrets in this game are designed to be readily found so that everyone can find every secret during every playthrough. Worse still, the rewards inside tend to be unique loot which will go to your hideout to be stacked on each on a shelf or hung on a wall. Absolutely no gameplay rewards here.Did you enjoy the variety of enemies in the previous games? Gone again. There are two. TWO! types of enemies in the entire game. One of which is just a lazy version of the other, with sensitivity to noise and other triggers turned way up.Did you enjoy the AI of the previous games? Probably not, I know I didn't. Yet still it's worse here. Enemies rarely alert each other of events. Wandering civilians have been exchanged for caged birds and dogs. Yes, caged. They couldn't be bothered to make the dogs wander, so they just sit in a cage and bark.Did you enjoy using a variety of arrows to take down enemies? Pretty much gone. There are fewer arrow types, you can hold less of them (especially starting off), and they're extremely rare. Expect to use one or two a level.Did you enjoy knocking out opponents? Backstabbing them? Stealing arrows from an archer so he can't fight back? Gone. Gone. Gone. You have only a black jack now and there's no distinguishing knockouts from kills.Did you enjoy collecting keys and progressing through the level? Yup, gone. No keys here, just linear progression triggered by scripted events.I could go on, but i think you get the point. Is this a good Thief game? Definitely not. Is this a good game when not compared to the rest of the series? I'm afraid not. It does have a couple genuinely enjoyable moments, but those are few and far between, and they certainly don't make the between bits worth playing.Do yourself favor and skip this game. Fingers crossed that the Thief series doesn't end with this stinker."
,Not Recommended,239160,20138075,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Aura,"I know I only have two hours (As of writing this) but if you like the originals don't bother with this. There's some nice aspects of it, like the movment (Execpt for the Parkour bits), the spot on aptmosphere, and the visuals are nice. But the stealth mechanics aren't that great, the sound is wokny, the game isn't much of a challenge, and it's really linear.Some sounds you'd think guards would hear such as footsteps aren't heard, but things you think they wouldn't hear like messing up a lock pick they do hear, and apperently this is even loud enough to wake sleeping guards. Not only this, but occasionly it's impossible to hear people six feet away from you; you can hear the guy who is five feet away clearly, but can't hear a single thing the guy six feet away is. The game is also fairly easy even on the highest difficulty and with all of the help things off. The Parkour also really sucks, each time you go to do a manuver you snap to the object and lose all momentum..It's also rather contextual, and limiting."
76561198070134622,Not Recommended,239160,16212156,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Murky,"First half of the game is interesting, engaging, and down right run... second half... no so much. It seems like they blew the bugget on the first half of the game then ran out of ideas and decided to have the unpaid intern from accounting finish writing the story. Would I recemend this... No I would not. Its good but why buy this when you could get dishonored. If you have dishonored and like that style of game then by all means get this."
76561198340150243,Recommended,239160,32907560,Posted: 27 June,all,LaraM,Well I got bored from it while playing 1st hour ... I can understand ppl cricism .. but at the end its not that bad especially the gameplay.. when u continue playing it .. u wud use to it after spending 4 hours I like it..its amazing game!....
,Not Recommended,239160,9947456,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,AmmoBoots,Ultimately a terrible sequel to Deadly Shadows. Storyline is terrible. First impression of the world is great but quickly gets tedious. A big let down. Do not buy if you are wanting something to bring back fond memories of Deadly Shadows.
,Not Recommended,239160,11000363,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Eris the Slack Wyrm,"It's just not worth it. It doesnt feel like a thief game at all.It feels very clunky, the stealth is laughable even on hard. Performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥ even if my pc isnt super high end, its still packs a punch. So getting less than 30 fps on avarge when everything is set to lowest of the low, even the resolution at something like 800xwhatever is unacceptable.This game gets a score of eating an expensive hotdog only to find that its the cheapest value brand and it has chunks of bone in it."
76561197999881494,Not Recommended,239160,11960566,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Foxon Spoopyfur,"Highly anticipated game of the year. A friend who played all the Thief games was psyched to play this one and recommended it to me. With Team Fortress 2 pre-order bonuses and extra bonuses plus it looked promising. Very few games focus on stealth and it's GREAT to see more people great making stealth games.I wish this stealth game was NEVER MADE. It's bland in mechanics, story, and the only thing worth it was graphics. Mind you, the game takes place in dark cooridors, at night, in houses, or looking for loot so that doesn't matter either. The game started great but 3 hours in I INSTANTLY became bored and forced myself through it. I ended up quitting the game only a few hours in, nothing driving me to continue. No leveling, I unlocked EVERYTHING as far as gear at the beginning, and the looting was sub par at best.There are 3 games on my list that I instantly regret buying: Dark Souls for horrible Xbox port, Alien: Colonial Marines for being the worst Alien game and sci-fi game in existence, and THIS failure of a stealth game AND a failure as a Thief game."
76561198019000402,Not Recommended,239160,9586481,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Doubletap,"This game is a horrible pc port and halfassed at best. Kebyinds automatically reverting, mouse jumping all over the screen."
76561198056611495,Not Recommended,239160,9699019,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dreamer,This game does not deserve the title stealth game.
,Not Recommended,239160,9724991,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nanj!,"I can't really recommend this to anyone. It's like a less-good Dishonored, not that Dishonored was particularly good.There's supposed to be a plot, but it escapes me. I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing. I don't care about any of the characters. I don't know what Garett's motivations are. It's clear that the story was an afterthought.Really, really, really, painfully linear. Even when you're ""exploring"" the city hub, there's only really one way to get to the loot; one way that funnels you from one area to the next, usually through a window connecting one part of the city with the other. The map is pretty much useless for finding your way around. The missions don't provide much choice either. It usually boils down to going through a heavily guarded door, or finding *the* stealthy route.Everything you do is a context-sensitive event animation. Picking up a piece of loot: That's a 2 second animation. Opening a window: That's about 20 seconds of animation and QTE.It's garbage. Avoid."
76561198046831256,Not Recommended,239160,10903698,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Djsnip,"Im am usually a fan of stealth games and i want to love this game, i really do but i dont. Something about this game just turn me off. Maybe its the combat system, maybe its because Garret is as uninterested as a sack of potatoes, maybe it the grey environment. I dont know but the game did not suck me in."
,Not Recommended,239160,11964602,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,clarionx,"Rather than making a solid game in the style of the old Thief titles, I feel like the developers, at some point along the way, looked at Dishonored and said ""this sold well - our game should be more like that.""But forgoing the dishonored comparison, the sound is somewhat broken (enemies miles away sound right next to you, and you can't hear the ones ten feet away) which kills a lot of the stealthy tension. Forced, linear, 3rd person climbing sections break immersion. Forced, linear escape sections don't make sense when you've been running a 100% ghost run all the way along.A the rest of it either doesn't make sense, feels too constricted, or is somehow... off in ways that are hard to define unless you play the game directly after just having played the older Thief games. In trying to throw a lot of ""modern"" mechanics and graphics into the pot, they neglected the thing that made the old games great - the level design.Oh well. Here's hoping another devloper will pick up Thief 2, 2?"
76561197976946391,Recommended,239160,13262859,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,KarnaK The One Eye,"Recommended BUT Only Just.What to say about this game, I had little or no expectations of this game, like so many classic PC franchises, I knew that it wouldn't be what I wanted it to be. Armed with this I started playing the game with an open mind and I have to say that the core of the game is good, it would be amazing if it wasn't for the broken and very annoying sound.The voice acting and the ambiance are good it is just the conversations between NPCs is poorly applied. Picture the scene, you are in a new part of Town looking around, avoiding the guards. You see a nice dark and cosy area to hide and observe guard movements and as soon as you arrive in the dark spot you hear a very loud conversation directly behind you, you panic and roll into the vision of the guards, grrrrrrrrrr. You reload after getting a kicking by the Guards, go to the same spot and try and find who was talking and you cannot see them anywhere the reason being they are 2 floors up and on the other side of the building, very misleading in a game where you should need to hear where your threats are. After the first hour of gameplay you give up using your ears and just go on visual clues.The graphics are very good, I can max out all setting on my rig and it shows the time the Devs took getting the lighting just right, the game engine is very good and the controls are simple, all this adds up to a very fluid and immersive world where you can make the game as challenging as you wish.If it wasn't for Garrett and the name of the game you wouldn't know that it was a ""Thief"" franchise. There's no Pagans, Keepers, Hammerites or Glyphs. The story is very, very bland and as for the ending.......lol, It's like the Devs realised what a turkey of a story they had and just stopped. No explanations to the Primal or anything.The so called open world really is an annoyance. This game needs well thought out, fixed, maps not a join the dots that the open world becomes. The chapter missions are however the Town that you can run around in serves no purpose to the story and really does feel like it's padding to make the games seem bigger than it is.As for padding, there is a stupid and pointless part of the game, the Clock Tower. You finish a chapter and get teleported to the Clock Tower, where a screen informs you that you have new loot to admire. After you click confirm, you are free to move about in your base of operations, LOL. Basically right in front of you is your stash, I didn't need to put a single item in my stash all through the game, just past your stash is a display cases where you can look at your special loot if you are that tiny fraction of gamers who gives a s**t about that sort of thing. After that you go up stairs where there is nothing apart from the exit to the building. Completely pointless, it ends up, Finish chapter-load screen-click confirm-run for 10secs-load screen-back in the Town heading for the next chapter.All that said I did enjoy my 62+ hours in the game,6/10 this goes to show that a great game engine cannot make up for poor application and a poor storyEdit: Nov 2016 Just to say that i replayed throught the game and it's the same as when i posted above, The sound really is broken. I'm using 7.1"
,Not Recommended,239160,17348752,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Manimal,There are so many context controls... I don't mind some and they can help improve gameplay but these limit you and your ability to explore and really feel freedom in moving around. Its also not fun dealing with the delays or the timing necessary with the plethora of timed context controls in navigation.
76561198013498285,Not Recommended,239160,11979323,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Tobacco Man,"Don't buy it, no matter how cheap it gets."
,Not Recommended,239160,11633298,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ShadowDancer,"While Thief 1 & 2 are prime examples of outstanding late-90's game design, Thi4f may very well be one of the genres, and certainly the series, darkest and most stupid moments. Eidos Montreal did so many mistakes in this game, both fans of the predecessors as well as new gamers are absolutely right to shun it.Why do I have to QTE so many windows and wooden bars, which look all the same? Why can't I jump, save, hit and act how and when I want to? Why must Garrett, Basso and all the other beloved characters of the franchise be either idiots or absent? Where are Garrett's trusty Sword and Blackjack? When did Looking Glass' grim and authentic world get replaced by some generic, soulless medieval-steampunk hodgepodge? Why are the story, dialogues and documents so shallow-brained? Why is the sound engine so bad? Why does the game look so medicore? Why are the Levels so small, linear and uninspired? And why does a master thief wear makeup?I can only recommend this game at a low price to witness the pure underachievement Eidos created here. Looking Glass' and Ion Storms games were certainly not perfect and they left a lot of room for improvements, but this one is simply an insult. I'd rather play ""Shipping... and Receiving"" for a full 20 hours than 20 minutes of this crap. Still I'm going to finish the game, because I love the series so much and somewhere deep inside, there lies the nucleus of a good stealth game. But it barely shines through.I really hope someone makes a remake of T2 in the Dark Mod."
,Not Recommended,239160,13719013,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hunter,"Got it on sale, if you aren't a thief veteran then this will be a pretty walk though stealing stuff and sneakery with a poor story.If your a thief vet, honestly don't bother.no real garrett, no factions, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t storyand even worse loading times that DSgo play thief gold"
,Not Recommended,239160,24956440,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Melgacius,"1- GENERALThief is a stealth action game that I've bought in a sale when I was playing Dishonored. I thought it was alike... well, it is, but is not as good as it could be.As the title suggests the game is based in stealing stuff, but we do it with no purpose. We are not Robin Hood, we just steal... maybe that's the purpose, but I think all this theft could have a meaning. It has not.The game goes in Victorian London, now ruled by a tyrant for some reason. After the opening scene we spend most of our gameplay trying to explained what happened then and after that. Not much of a plot, but it seems all the story is kinda weak. The voice acting and character building was not very good also.2- GAMEPLAYBut the game is about stealing and stealth, and in that aspect it's great. We are often confronted with hard sections where it seems impossible to go through without being noticed by the guards. So most of the times I just knock them or put an arrow on their heads. The game is very difficult, and even on normal it was clearly hard for me to go through. Despite that, the AI is bad, with some bugs that I've learn to exploit. That does not ruin the fun.The game is not open world though, and we have a lot of loading screens between sections. That takes some of the immersion, since some of those could take up to 10 seconds on my laptop.The controls are just frustrating, since we never know how to do something. Sometimes we are able to do an action just jumping, others we have to press a determined button...The graphics are good, and I have no problems running the game in medium setup, that helps a lot.The score mechanism gives the game some replay ability, but I warn that I do not know how can someone go through the game unnoticed. Well, maybe I'm just bad.3- CONCLUSIONI've enjoyed the game, but I've never have that feeling of immersion. I've quit before the ending also. The problem was that I was always comparing the game to dishonored, and he always lost. If you are able to ignore the bad story and the loading screens you will have a rather good stealth game where you will love to steal everything. But I've noticed the €29.99 price tag, and even knowing that the game is on sale a lot of times, it's annoying that the producers keep it at so high prices, it's just unreal and that's the reason I thumbed it down.https://youtu.be/s-SfrpPytfs"
76561198077571047,Not Recommended,239160,14506122,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mechatricity,"Such promise.  Such horrific execution.  In the end, i want those 16 hours of my life back.It's a shame too, because a lot of hard work went into making this game, but the direction behind the execution is abysmally lacking.  Great graphics, interesting storyline...painfully repetitive and uninspired gameplay mechanics.  Horrible ending.  WTF happened? i still don't know.  It's extremely linear, but yet at the same time there's a frustrating lack of direction provided by the game in certain areas and you end up going around in circles until you go google a solution...only to find out you're not the only one who thought it was broken."
76561198047686744,Not Recommended,239160,21620080,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,PastramiStaven,I think it's♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197969237628,Not Recommended,239160,11888683,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,NaZReD,"Game full of game breaking bugs,Sound not in sync between cutscenes,Did i mention game breaking bugs,also game breaking bugs.. aloti mean wtf game breaking bugs..did they even play through there own game?did they even test is...do not buy this game i will just raise you blood pressure and you will get angry..."
,Not Recommended,239160,23196556,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Faewolf,"The problem with naming a game after a beloved series is that it will inevitably be compared to that series' best version. It happened with DMC: Devil May Cry, and it happened here.On it's own this game isn't that bad. It's biggest problem is that it feels like it was made on a factory line with a checklist. Standard love interest, check. Standard villain, check. Standard gameplay, check. Standard weapons and gear, check. Nothing in this game really makes it stand out from the crowd. In Thief 2 you had huge sprawling levels you could get lost in with tons of secrets to find if you were observant and clever enough.One thing that I really noticed was that rope arrows in this game only worked at very specific points. If you fired a rope arrow anywhere else it would just be a waste of time and arrows. In Thief 2 you could fire one of those suckers anywhere and climb up even if it led nowhere. It encouraged exploring outside the linear hallways and streets.TL:DR version. Not the worst game, but there are better stealth games out there."
76561198014021405,Not Recommended,239160,9289156,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Reaper,"Thief 4 reboot is a huge disapointmentThe things they cannot ♥♥♥♥ up, they ♥♥♥♥ed upAnd the things that can be forgiven is okVoice acting ♥♥♥♥ing horriblePlot basicly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Characters brokenPoor man`s dishonored, with a a gido from Jersey Shore playing garrett trying to do something nobody cares about in narrow linear corridorsHuge dont buy""graphs are ok"""
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,239160,14363601,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Pha cops,"The original Thief is, possibly, my most favorite game in all the hundreds of games I've played. To be able to immerse yourself so wholly in the experience that you can literally spend the entire day in a single level, sneaking about and accomplishing the mission so perfectly that you are seen only when the pathing of enemies makes it 100% impossible, that you never have to swing your weapon save to possibly knock out a guard or two by necessity.If nothing else, the core divide I feel is that the original Thief felt like I was actually taking things in logical places from some jerks. This game feels as hollow and forced as smalltalk with a stranger on the street waiting in line for the bus.Loot is obvious, and placed everywhere without sentiment for retaining the 4th wall - as if they all agreed that if Mario can place floating coins you jump at and feel gratified then so can we!I feel as sneaky as a rusty shopping cart, and get the sense that the character is as much a Thief as an uninformed constituent is a Voter. Achieving the action with ease, is not the same as achieving the action with sprezzatura."
,Not Recommended,239160,17188563,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Vios2,I almost never write reviews unless the game is so perfect or a total fail. This game is a total fail enough said.
76561198007936555,Not Recommended,239160,17236666,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ludwig Steiner,"Is not worth the money, its streamlined, short and more cinnematic than the ""Thief""s before it. Its boring, feels like a medival-splintercell and no like a genius stealth-game. Also the story is meh..."
,Not Recommended,239160,17341665,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Jiggles,A worse version of Dishonored.
,Not Recommended,239160,9297114,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Dream,"It's not that great. It's techically competent at times, and I will finish it, but it's really not compelling in the same way that the other Thief games were. Yes, including Deadly Shadows. This is worse than Deadly Shadows."
76561198057883605,Not Recommended,239160,9317398,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,drweb86,"i disliked that game for its controls, poor level design and navigation through targets.Also steeling knives, and some sort of other garbage is not fun."
,Not Recommended,239160,9342401,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Zombie Burger $2.99,"Graphics 6/10Gameplay 3/10Replay value 3/10Sound 2/10This game was designed for console.This will probaly turn into a rant!The lockpicking system seems to be just using the d-pad to find the spot, Which is kinda difficult on a mouse setup and no visual clues or audible ones either apart from a sphere brightening.The audio 3d positioning is one of the worst I've heard. Stood 3 feet from a ticking clock, moved another foot  and the sound faded to nothing.Might seem like nothing to some people but it destroys the immersion.The original game had audio so finely tuned you didn't need to see the guards, just hear them to know exactly where they were.The graphics, while nice, are nothing to write home about.Kinda has a comic look to things, is washed out and has no real depth.The field of view feels claustraphobic and going above the normal changes things to a fisheye lens view.Opening (jimmying) windows is another console driven gimmic designed to instill intrepidation and realism into the act, but alas, fails and only annoys when you realise that you have to do it over and over again even from withing the room you just burgled.How many people need to jimmy their own windows from the inside?Th inability to not use your tools unless in the proper place is also a detriment to this game.Take a rope arrow and try it on a wooden structure you think you may climb and NO.Predefined rope attachment areas only and also no retrieval of the rope arrow.Even the original game allowed you to do that. I remember going through a 40ft room swinging from rope arrow to rope arrow all while using just 2 arrows.The AI in the game is stupid.Two guards in a room, I open a door in plain sight and fade away again""who opened that""  ""ahh twas nothing""yes, nothing happened to pick the lock and open the door.People on the street don't seem to see you, except guards because they are looking for me? With the exception of the way I am dressed I could be anybody. I haven't killed in their sight or done anything wrong.The game is almost impossible to play if you turn all the console type features off and try to play like the original game.Without focus mode you may see traps, but sometimes not all traps are equal. some may reset your progress. others may release poison or darts or set off alarms. without focus they all look the same.The lack of a sword or a knife to defend youself, should you get discovered is also missing.Yout can dodge and use a billyjack but then you also have to press a different key to finish them off, else they get back up and kill you.Consoles are killing the pc gaming scene by diluting original games into a series of button mashing mini games and QTE's.I'm done with console reboots of orginal pc games.SOD the lot of em"
76561197996610043,Not Recommended,239160,23368492,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Grimm Nam rooD,"Only got this as part of the Eidos Bundle last year... just can't play it as the older games done it better oh and the lack of jumping REALLY is off putting.ONLY great thing about this game are the visuals, cannot fault that."
,Not Recommended,239160,17923472,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,AbedsBrother,"I really wanted to recommend this game, but I just can't do it. There are plenty of other games out that are far more engaging than Thief. And while I'm not on the ""the original Thief games r the BEST!"" bandwagon, those games were simply much more fun to play. I still had fun with the new Thief - the game tries hard to be engaging. Stealth is required the minute Garrett steps out of his hideout, interacting with the environment is key to success, and there are multiple ways to accomplish a given task. Sounds good, right?Except the actual game-play of Thief - thieving and strategizing - happens the same way too many times for the game to carry my interest through to the end (I did get there eventually on my third attempt). The story could have been engaging, but characters are under-developed (some only appear in cut-scenes), show up for no reason, and are blessed with campy B-movie dialogue. The cutscene at the end of the game, while complete, made me think there might have been more to the story, but it was trimmed or cut. Who knows.The mechanics of the game work well, but as before, there's little variation: put out fires to create shadows, throw a bottle to distract guards, and swoop to the objective. What should have been a thrilling exploration of an open world Steampunk city is instead reduced to a grind-fest for loot in a lot of close alleys. Some of the level designs are great - the house with the moving walls was one of my favorites - but the novelty passed quickly once I realized that most loot would be acquired (yet again) by rifling through the desks and closets for pens, ashtrays, golden saucers, scroll holders...In a sense, Thief really is Kleptomania Simulator. You scamper around the City, stealing random sh*t. But to me, Thief should be about “the job,” not about stealing random sh*t. There are three kinds of jobs in Thief: Main (story) jobs, client jobs that an NPC will provide, and Basso's side jobs. Story jobs advance the story; yes, there's theft along the way, but even with the massive amount of loot in the Baron's mansion, thieving still feels like an afterthought because there's literally no reason to do it. Client jobs have a minor story of their own, but there are only two clients (each provides three missions). Jobs from Basso are side-quests that give some gold and a notice on screen that it's completed. Even though they're acquired from different sources, they all have a similar feel and execution.Thief has great graphics and fun mechanics - the archery is especially good - but these positives are betrayed by a very average use just about all other game elements. The setting needed to be opened up. The music creates tension without being memorable. Enemies only come in three varieties. The enemies' AI all behaves the same (extremely predictable). And boss battles - what a joke they are! Grab Thief on sale if it interests you, and hope you finish it before your patience is exhausted and you start just killing all the guards so you can loot in peace.On challenge mode:There are three maps (one of which is DLC): the Asylum, the Baron's mansion, and the House of Blossoms (all excerpted from the main game). Collect loot before the time runs out. Every time you gather loot, the count-down resets. It's an arcade-y addition that might help refine your thieving technique (there are enemies present), but with only three maps it's little more than a distraction. And if you don't purchase The Forgotten DLC (the Asylum map), there are actually only two maps...On the Master Thief edition:The Master Thief edition is b*llsh*t. You get: the Opportunist Booster Pack, a digital comic book, and the digital soundtrack. The Opportunist booster Pack contains items that can be acquired in-game, you just get them at the start. To get the comic book, you have to take the code provided and enter it into an external website. To get the soundtrack, you have to enter the code you receive into a different external website. BUT THE SOUNDTRACK IS NOT COMPLETE. I only received 10 tracks of the soundtrack this way. The full album on Amazon is 20 tracks. A straight-up cheat, plain and simple. Don't get the Master Thief edition.On DLC:Of the DLC, the Booster packs are not pay-to-win, but they are pay-for-an-advantage. The Bank Heist is fun if short. If feels like a left-over level for content that was cut from the game. It's fun, but the value of the loot is disappointing, and it can be beaten in 30-60 minutes. If Challenge mode is something you enjoyed, the The Forsaken challenge map is worth the price - on sale at 80% off, of course."
,Not Recommended,239160,31550938,Posted: 4 May,all,Kureiji,poor man's version of dishonored but with♥♥♥♥♥♥story and an extremely boring protagonist.
76561198036045179,Recommended,239160,10468789,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,BluntedStuntman,"Lovely graphics , pity about loading issues . Nice game mechanics"
,Recommended,239160,13931733,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,castlegaynia,thanks to this game i get to steal people's prized possessions without having to feel an ounce of remorse!
,Recommended,239160,12004646,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Crystalline,"One of the best games I have ever played. Using the darkness, assassinations, creatures, puzzles... I have never played any version of the Thief before this one. But this one is surely an intense satisfaction. And what I am going to the is to play the others. If you are planning to buy these game, do it, you won't regret. Square Enix makes great optimizations for PC graphics. As they did in Tomb Raider, this one was another succesfully optimized game with a great story line."
,Not Recommended,239160,18092177,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,queen of the waves,no
76561197972090594,Recommended,239160,17336694,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,beniahtrent,I recommend this for its current $7.50 asking price. I bought it for 60$ on day one and it made me a sad human.Here is my quick and dirty review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2rfYUmbchA
,Not Recommended,239160,9332464,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,dramaticsystem,"If you want a first person assassins creed, here you go, you will aimlessly wander around having to spend multiple seconds of hesitation as a thief to make your next move. Every ledge you approach, you have to peer down and consider if the jump is to far, thus moments after, activate this decision with a clever cutscene, that takes up more time, the idea of a first person experience in a thief mind is nice, but do you have to repeat every action with such repetitive motion. Yes, I get it, I'm stealing, but can it just be stolen and not see my hand motioning to grab something every time? When I grab my Burger at McDonalds, I don't grab it, look at my hands, assess the value, and take a new life revelation to figure out what I have become. I take the damn sandwich, I eat it, move on, why is Garret spending so much time with all this unworldly concerns when he starts telling us how he use to steal to live, live to steal, but things changed? Yes, get a job you bum.TL:DR poor rendition of the series, very glitchy, console gamers will enjoy it, no sense of motive of why you are who you are. You're a thief, not a messiah, you steal, you loot, you kill if needed, why does Garret finally have some Humanity...He doesn't"
,Recommended,239160,14369764,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Oddan 🎃,It funny to sneaky 😂
76561198065243022,Not Recommended,239160,11549124,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tigs,"I really shouldn't actually have grounds to post a review here, based on the fact that I've not even completed the first level. However the reason I'm typing here is to express my frustration; the reason I haven't played further wasn't my choice. It turns out that no matter what I do to this game, no matter how bad I make it look, the frames per second I manage to attain make the game unplayable. So all I really want to say is don't buy it unless you have a dedicated gaming PC. Because only sadness ensues otherwise."
,Not Recommended,239160,16393831,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Valdemar al Ancomstan,Rebooting Thief was a bad idea. Give me old Garret!
76561198106018141,Recommended,239160,15200568,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ALFADog,"All I can say about this game that is almost perfect!! why almost?the map: all good until you have to load for another part of the city. and the map of the city is quite too small.combat (melee): the melee combat is going through hell, its boring and the mechanism is just poor, and if you fight against 2 enemy or plus you are saying to yourself ""okay, load last save"". If you are a master thief I think you can stand better against guards.texts: its really upset when the AI are saying over and over the same things,talk: I think its can be really cool if you could talk to people and ask for rumors and make a good realationships with them.side quests: If you ask me, the side quests can be much more inetresting if you could take them from citizens too, poor guy that need a statue, lady with a sick infant that need a medical treatment, even bribes guards can make the game way more interesting, just add large amount of side quests and even if you have ended the main plot, you can continue to play for a long time.Now for the good thingsStealth: that mechanism really good!. I just can't find a bad thing about itThe main plot: I can tell you that the main plot are just perfect. its really puts you in the game. Its interesting, its complicated, its scary, and its just perfectcombat (range): The amount of arrows are really enough for you to make a good plan to get your way in, or make an escape,The characters: the characters are just well built, they are interesing and their text are goodstealing, really good, only one thing about it, you can't open all the drawers and the cabinet you want.lockpicking: really good, again you can't picklock all the doorsField of view: One of the most good things about that game its the field of view. You can see evreything and one thing that buys me every time that at last I can see my legs!Graphics: The graphics are really good. Its helps you to get in to the game.So, the game is really almost perfect, and its get you into the game (not many games can do that!).I really recommend that game for players who want to be that Master thief, stealth, stealing, graphics, and a a really good story line, makes that game almost perfect.from 1 to 10 Ill give that game a 7.5"
,Recommended,239160,9712538,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Silenthusky,"Great game, the stealth mechanics are really solid and the story line is pretty good."
,Not Recommended,239160,13876956,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,spaghurk,"Opening Desk Drawers: The Game, 4/10Stealth is somewhat decent; I enjoyed actually being able to use the shadows to my advantage. But the AI tends to spot you sometimes even when you are completely hidden. Visually the game looks pretty nice. It's a tad bit too dark at times (depending on the environment, of course). Combat system is terrible, which almost forces you to sneak and stay out of sight, regardless of  your playstyle. When in combat, you can only melee and duck. Which not only is boring, but feels clunky. I found myself loading a previous save whenever I was spotted to avoid altercations. The story is very, very forgetable. There were a few times where I had no idea what was actually going on. Maybe it was just boring to me and didn't catch my interest. Voice acting was the worst/funniest I've ever experienced. It's overly exaggerated and forced and the poor writing was not in the actors favor. In conclusion, I only paid 7 dolars for the game, so I can't complain too much. I honestly wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Save your Steam monies."
,Not Recommended,239160,12339303,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hulter,"Thief has good stealth going for it, but the game suffers from a lack of ambition, placing far too much importance on the tiresome looting in the vain hope that this will be enough to propel you forwards.It's good in places, but it never quite lives up to its potential.An overall letdown."
,Not Recommended,239160,9378082,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,lenkyl,"Please do not buy this game.  Do not encourage the direction they took.  Do not support the horrible story telling, wretched level design and complete lack of what made Thief feel like Thief.  The developers of this game have completely forsaken the spirit of Thief 1 and 2.  Instead they attempted to remake Thief 3 and failed even that.  Skip this one.  It won't even be worth it when it goes on sale."
76561197973705526,Not Recommended,239160,9685241,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,saberfencerguy,"What a dissapointment!    i couldnt even bring myself to play more than a few hours of this game  the carecters where flat and lifeless and there was nothing to compell me to keep playing  no sence of ""ooo  i wounder where the story is going"""
76561197971285562,Not Recommended,239160,11124177,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Barbouz,Just can't continue. I'm so frustrated after 2 hours of play and 2 chapters...
76561198046856861,Not Recommended,239160,12080108,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,F0573R,Looks great... but isn't.
,Recommended,239160,13950267,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Missing-Nin,"Decent storyline, iffy stealth mechanics, worth a play through if you can get use to the slightly strange stealth mechanics."
,Not Recommended,239160,23228790,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Teriyakitoast,"This game took away everything from the original Thief games that makes it unique and a challenge.Having a hard time navigating Victorian London? Good thing Garrett has a GPS-like minimap and objective markers everywhere.Wanna jump over this pesky table and climb those boxes over there to avoid guards? Nope. Jumping and climbing only work in context sensitive areas.Ledge too high to climb and don't feel like walking to find stairs? Too bad! Rope arrows are now 500% more context sensitive!Looking for a gripping story? Go fish.Devs said in an interview """"we want you to play as a thief, but we don't want to force you to play as a thief."" Quick reminder in case you forgot the series' title - THIEF. Garrett now has expert assassin/combat skills.Good thing we can see his hands moving, though, don't know how we ever survived without some visual feedback to remind us what we just did.disappointment/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,14167652,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,sharapov.roman,"скучная и безыдейная игра, неумело ворующая чужие идеи, да и еще и с  плохим  и скучным сюжетом"
,Recommended,239160,14273370,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Red,"Now I'll start off with saying I have a bias towards square enix games so I might rate this slightly higher than others, but I do believe this is a decent game. Play as Garrett, the master thief who lifts everything that isn't bolted down, but then unbolts said object and takes it. This game was the first game that ever had me play stealth in first-person which makes it more tense, but also fun. I enjoyed playing through the levels and the stealth mechanics are actually quite great making sure to hide bodies and shut cabinets and cases. I have enjoyed it so far but it of course is not without it's faults. A couple being the hub world is a terrible mess of loading screens and confusing pathways and the bow which seems like an item of paramount importance really doesn't seem to be (while playing I only ever found myself using the water arrows). The story and voice acting is rather plain, but not entirely bad and I would recommend this game only during times of steam sales where I feel the value vs. price is a bit better. 7/10"
,Recommended,239160,9680763,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"So here's the issue with Thief. (Or as some people call it, Thief 4)If you treat the game as a faithful sequel to the original three games, you are going to disappointed. If you treat the game as a new reboot, you're going to like it. The game itself plays between a mixture of Thief 3 and Dishonoured. (Which isn't really a bad combination, though this game is quite linear)The graphics, animations and audio are great, which does a great deal for immersion. Not to mention the voice acting is pretty good.Bad points: The story writing is poor, and it is not as slow paced/tactical as the previous games in the series.Does this mean the game is bad? No way, it's actually pretty good. A bit buggy, but it's a solid game in its own right.Should you buy it? Yes,  but make sure you buy it cheap. It's always on offer because of the mixed reception it's getting."
,Not Recommended,239160,14518461,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Calcite- a.⍦,"Seriously what the *****.Bought the game and the first thought, okay this game might be worth the money. (NO)This will happen in the game: you´ll run around in a carton, so no you can´t run around as in Assassins Creed (sometimes you have to look for 30 minutes to find a passage and the surrounding area is limited like ****), and later you´ll do exactly the same thing all the time until you come to a ♥♥♥♥♥ house, stops and smile, and then proceeds with the worthless story.So the only good thing about this game is that the graphics are good.29,99€ for a wretched bad copy of Dishonored and Assassins Creed. 2.5/10 (Buy a CS: GO knife instead)"
,Not Recommended,239160,21438304,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,S4L4MANDER,trash
,Not Recommended,239160,11968622,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,AzViz,This game sucks balls
,Not Recommended,239160,11197004,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,CommanderCartmen,Where is the parkour? I hate linnear maps.
,Recommended,239160,9349674,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,-burU-,i am big fan of stealth games and thief franchise. this game makes me want to vomit my intestines and use them as a noose but i still play it for some reason
,Not Recommended,239160,17416490,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kekvit Irae,"+ Garrett is no longer an insufferable, arrogant twatwaffle as he was in the original series.+ Even though the levels are little more than ""point A to point B"" navigation, there's at least some variety in how you get from point A to point B. Not as good as Deus Ex, not as bad as Call of Duty.+ Customizable difficulty to recapture the feel of previous Thief games.+ The insane asylum is extremely creepy, continuing the tradition of atmospheric scares from Thief: The Dark Project's Return to the Cathedral and Thief: Deadly Shadows' Robbing the Cradle missions.- Every cultural thing you loved about the original Thief series is gone or lampshaded. There's a single conversation between two guards about the word ""taffer"", and Chapter 7 has you exploring the ruins of an old cathedral where the symbols bears striking similarity to the Hammerite and Mechanist symbols. That's it.- Rope arrows are more like puzzle mechanics than actual rope arrows from the original series. They cost 600 gold apiece (at Master difficulty), can only be fired at specific hanging posts, and cannot be collected again once fired.- There's no dedicated jump button. The spacebar will allow you to swoop (think: stealth roll in Skyrim), mantle up ledges, and climb ladders and ropes, but there is no jump button. Case in point: One of the final Basso side jobs has you breaking into an aparment. Said apartment has a window out on a ledge that is two feet away from the ledge you are currently on, and would be an easy task to get to IF THE GAME HAD A JUMP BUTTON. Instead, the mission forces you to go around to the side and waste 600 gold on a rope arrow to get in.- Boss battles.- BLOODY SCREEN SO REAL when your health is low.- The windows. There are a few windows that you can open, and when you start the opening animation you are either A) given a quicktime event where you mash E for no apparent reason, or B) don't have to do a quicktime event since it's a level transition. The problem is, the game never tells you which one is which until it's too late, the minimap and map have no level transition markers. And you cant just exit out of the quicktime event, you need to go through the entire motion of the animation.- Placement of the guards means that you are going to have to exploit dumb AI and game mechanics if you want to get a Ghost rating. Similarly, it is virtually impossible to play it Lytha style (no detections, no evidence, no knockouts, you were never there).In short, save your money and just buy Dishonored. It's a much better Thief game than Thief. Alternatively, go buy the original Thief trilogy from GOG."
,Not Recommended,239160,12064680,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,TrueGector,"At first look it seemed to be a Thief HD - why not playing, previous games were good.But after some gameplay I noticed that I feel like a handicapped person with broken legs, sclerosis and odd hearing in a depressing bugged world.Dishonored did better to make me feel like old Thiefs."
76561198051193014,Not Recommended,239160,13747717,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nightwolf,"like most of the reviews say, this game was so much wasted potential. next to zero open world ability and if you go off the main quest line for what little openness there is you get slammed with loading screens. zero replayability and the whole time it leaves you thinking you would rather be playing dishonored. controls are smooth and the environment is beautiful but it is marred by a pathetic storyline and poor level design. still if its on sale its worth picking up for a time killer and the sneaking aspect."
76561198126437443,Not Recommended,239160,9801952,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"I had a ton of fun playing this....at first. After about 15 hours, I found myself geting bored with it. Thief just ends up geting stale after running back and forth through sections of town and through load screens over and over and over again just to find yourself doing the same thing in a place that looks the same as most every other place you've been. There's a couple levels that break up the monotony but they're too far and too few between. It's a shame, seeing as how I was a huge fan of the first two games.If you can get it on a good sale, I say, go for it but I don't think it's woth the full price."
76561198020621447,Not Recommended,239160,9968623,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ferrithe,"The movement on this compared to any other newer game is so path laden, so you can only get to a location one way, it is nearly unplayable, Hell you can't even jump when you want.  For a modern game it is so disappointing.  I expect game functions like this from a game 10 years ago, not now, not in the era of free movement in every other game for the last 5 years."
76561198006982058,Recommended,239160,10464536,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gheralt Huganson,"I've been a huge fan of the Thief series from the beginning, and while this new entry started well, for some reason my attention just wasn't held. The game is gorgeous but controls are extremely touchy with computer inputs, highly recommend a gamepad of some sort. For the current price ($15-30 depending on sales) I'd recommend it, but for full price at release I feel as though I strongly overpaid.I'll list this as recommended because the game is enjoyable, but not heavily so.  The best I can say is that it wasn't terrible."
76561197997249456,Recommended,239160,10636032,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HaiL.ey,"I recommend this game to all the people that liked the ""Assassins Creed"" games. Most people say it's like that game but in first person which it is but, they focus more on the stealth aspect. You run around trying to rob as much stuff as you can, stay in the shadows to stay out of sight. Combat in the game is quite difficult till you get the hang of it so do your best to avoid being seen. You can sneak up on unsuspecting guards and take them down silently, you can also perfrom this if the guard is below you. The game may lag a little and takes a while to load up but it's all worth it. You use the gold you get by robbing things to buy equipment such as diffrent types of arrows that assist you in diffrent ways. There is also a power you have called focus, the default keys is ""F"". It helps you navigate your way through the level but, it does run out you can restore this by using a flower called poppy. So Foucs is almost like ""Eagle Vision"" from the ""Assassins Creed"" Games. If you do manage to pick up a copy of this game I hope you enjoy it."
,Recommended,239160,10770539,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,krystallios,there are forced jumpscares
76561198041949549,Not Recommended,239160,10897534,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,xacnafein,"I will not go into details of how the game sucks (especially for those who played the first game in the series), bashing this game has been done many times already.Maybe new people to the series might like and tolerate this game, but for me it will be one playthrough and then uninstall.There is a fan based game if you are old school. The dark mod -old thief remade with Doom 3 engine. It is better than this game, and it is free as of now...http://www.thedarkmod.com"
,Recommended,239160,11068171,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sarah,Wait... I paid for a game called Thief...♥♥♥♥♥♥I ♥♥♥♥ED UP!
,Not Recommended,239160,11081144,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ScreamingZebra,
,Not Recommended,239160,11096912,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Onion Knight,Nothing like the old thief. A generic hold e and forward kind of game with no direction that gets rid of charachters before building up any reason I should care about them in the first place.
,Not Recommended,239160,11189159,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Grand Inquisitor,"I had high hopes for this game. It let me down at every turn. It just wasnt as emersive as its predessesors. Too many loading screens, repetitive side missions, and terrible game play are just the tip of the iceberg. If you want a godd good, immersive Stealth em up I would recommend you check out Dishonored GOTY."
76561198055330425,Not Recommended,239160,11162170,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Shadowwolf1478,This remake is disappointing compared to the originals and glitches stopped me from going very far into the game.
76561198066506655,Not Recommended,239160,11672947,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,AwwwTrenton,"I cant even play the game, everytime I go to pick-pocket someone the game crashes. I have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times now with no luck. I even tried turning all the graphics on the lowest setting to see if that would help (it didn't) and its odd seing how I have a pretty good computer to run all kinds of games. I would love to tell you how the game plays but I cant get past the first mission. It's not just me either, my friend has the same issues and his computer is better then mine."
76561198025206883,Not Recommended,239160,11971836,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Shebali,"So damn boring, can't even force myself to finish the game. This isn't Thief. This is it's sick and twisted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cousin. Wouldn't recommend getting this game unless it had a 90% discount, and even then it's a toss.Even Deadly Shadows was better."
,Not Recommended,239160,11982952,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Just a Little Sodium Chloride,"I paid $11.21 for a black screen and a crash to desktop.  Thanks a lot, Eidos!"
76561198007672491,Not Recommended,239160,10207692,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,knc.boss,"This is the worst game of the series thief. It is evident that it spent a huge amount of work and money, but the result was a dull, gray♥♥♥♥♥♥ extremely stupid control of the keyboard when the hero instead of the action that you want, and makes absolutely other action.Monotony, boredom, that's what created as atmosphere. Artificial intelligence bots primitive, algorithm their behavior is not natural. As a result, no one of my friends did not finish this game, and just threw when she tired of the monotony of their stupid, including me. I feel like saying : Bring back the money!Это худшая игра из серии thief. Видно, что на нее потрачено огромное количество труда и денег, но в результате получилось унылое, серое♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥с крайне глупым управлением клавиатуры, когда герой вместо действия,которое ты хочешь, делает совершенно другой.Однообразно и скука, вот, что создано в качестве атмосферы. Искуственный интеллект ботов приметивен, алгоритм их поведения не естественнен. В результате, никто из моих друзей не стал заканчивать эту игру, а просто бросил, когда она надоела своим глупым однообразием, включая меня. Так и хочется сказать: Верните деньги!"
,Not Recommended,239160,11014356,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Old Hunter Leo,"The game runs well graphics-wise, but it seemed to lack fun gameplay. Gameplay > GraphicsAtmosphere: 8/10Graphics: 8/10Gameplay: 3/10Story: 5/10"
76561197984808019,Not Recommended,239160,11224038,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,the_darkness62,"Months and still not fixed, stutter still there, follow all the guides to get it to work, cause the devs can't. Still completely unplayable, avoid this garbage, play Dishonored instead."
,Not Recommended,239160,10213783,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Fizzlebeef,"A serious waste of potential. Awful story, crappy presentation, bugs up the♥♥♥♥♥ and linear as hell. Just play the other games"
76561198078407471,Not Recommended,239160,10741743,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jesw,A bit of a let down. Felt more like a badly done Dishonoured copy rather than the revamp of one of the best series of all time.
,Recommended,239160,10917113,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,devour me,"NOTE: I've added this whole review to my blog which also includes a few bonus images. Check it here:http://opbroadcast.com/?p=144There are quite a few top negative responses to Thief, so for the benefit of my friends I thought I should drop some of my own thoughts. I'll preface though: If you're someone who's looking for Thief 4, or a true continuation of the decade-old series, you've come to the wrong place. Even so, I still enjoyed my time with Thief and I'd gladly recommend it if you're a fan of first person stealth-action games.Graphics and Style:The promotional screenshots for this game are terrible. Just look above and what do you see? Boring monochromatic vistas set in a pseudo-English, steampunk town. Even the gameplay footage above isn't that great. However, once you're in-game, the atmospheric quality is sold incredibly well. This is a dead city, filled with dust and decay. High contrast shadows draw attention to the light sources to create an incredible noir-like environment, and each location has enough unique architecture to keep you interested in exploring the space.Story:This certainly is the weakest part of Thief. The characters are laughably bad and the voice acting is delivered awkwardly (especially Garret's want-a-be noir quips). Square Enix (mostly from the Edios run studios) has always had a bizarre cast of characters.  (See Hitman's latex nuns, Dues Ex's painfully racist informant, etc.) Accents change on the fly, modern curses are thrown around like a modern rap artist, and the in-game notes are poorly written and unfocused. There are some good points though, in regards to the atmospheric storytelling. Walking through the hub town you'll hear muffled stories through the walls, some simply giving depth to the backstory of the city, while others can potentially provide you with hints on finding hidden loot throughout the world.Gameplay:The meat. The real reason you should be thinking about buying this game. I could talk about all the systems, annoyances and enjoyments, and everything else that made up the 20 or so hours I invested into this game. Many of these things you've probably already heard about elsewhere and have been written on extensively and far better than I could have, so I'll summarize first:Thief was fun.It's clear this is a game from the same studio as Dues Ex Human Revolution. Even though it's a separate team, you can't work in the same room as someone without borrowing a few of their ideas. It's also likely the development was influenced by Dishonored, as the game borrows quite a bit from its systems. (Ironic, as Dishonored was also inspired by the classic thief series.) While Dishonored was more of assassination sandbox where the game gives you a few tools, a loose objective, and tells you to have fun, Thief is directed. There's still some alternate paths and open exploration (especially in the hub city), but most of the primary missions give you a series of spaces to navigate through and it's up to you how stealthy or murderous you decide to be. This is especially prevalent in the side-quest missions, which mostly involve one self-contained zone giving you more power to plan your assault, rob your target, and attempt to make it back out in one piece.Oh, and I'll touch on movement for a moment, seeing as the lack of a ""jump"" key is a heated contention. When you start, it definitely feels weird not being able to jump up on things. However, the game features a surprisingly robust contextual movement system (it's a good thing they haven't invented fingerprinting yet as Garret touches damn near anything he gets close to), so you get used to the flow of movement rather quickly. There was only a few times I had trouble with jumping and most of them involved me trying to get somewhere I probably shouldn't have been anyways. ""Swooping"" between shadows and cover is tremendously fun though, and while I wish it didn't come with the lack of a jump key, I hope more games include it as a potential action.In Conclusion:Thief is not a fantastic game, and it certainly doesn't live up to the name it's given. But in the moments, and throughout the 20 or so hours I spent with it, I found fun even when it's issues and strange design choices emerged. I even enjoyed it enough to complete most (if not all) of the game's side-quests and collection opportunities, which is more then what I can say about the last dozen or so games I've picked up. Thief is in no way a terrible game. It could have been better, and perhaps with a future installment it might just be. For now though, it's decent, and I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,239160,11175741,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Cart Wizard,"If you wanted to spend $30 on an unfinished game with plenty of gamebreaking bugs, I recommend this game. This ""game"" is the equivilent of a expensive rock. If you think thieving is a cool concept for a video game then please buy the finished older versions of the game like Thief: Gold or Thief II not this piece of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052632807,Not Recommended,239160,11595299,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ChocolateBun,"Overall I think it's an okay game.What I liked:-Interesting features (blowing out candles, environment obstacles such as making noise from going through water too fast or stepping on broken glass, finding locks behind picture frames, etc.)-Charts of what type of player you are in the game (ghost, opportunist, predator) and stats (collectables, knockouts, etc.)What I disliked:-Unobservant AI (you could stand directly in front of enemies and they won't see you most of the time)-Linear missions (there was only one path to complete missions and work your way through the levels)I prefer Dishonored over this game as I found Dishonored was more open, had better AI, and was fun to play. I did play Dishonored first and am new to the Thief games.In the end I would not recommend this game."
,Recommended,239160,13411475,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ash,"One of the best games that is seriously unrated. People who complain about the combat, well it's a stealth game not a fighting game.There are some bugs but not any that make the game unable to be played."
76561198125933199,Not Recommended,239160,15579242,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,StrikerGracefall,"It was okay, I had kind of a good time, honestly I really don't know how I feel about it, the stealth was pretty good, gadgets were fun, the speciel powers seemed out of place, but what stealth game wouldn't have see through walls vision now a days, it honestly felt more like I was playing a first person medevil Batman game, but batman was willing to kill people with arrows on top of beating them senseless. You never have to kill, but I didn't really feel a penelty or a point, to killing or not killing respectivly. I paid way too much at launch for as little fun as I had with it, but if you get it on a deal it's not bad. Aparently though for a reboot of the old series it's a travasty, I wouldn't know I never played them, and despite any roots in older popular stealth games, I would likely say it was average for a stealth game, not even on par with Dishonored. Admitedly Dishonored had actual spells, while this has one spell that lets you do stuff better while it's active, basically you have one buff spell that you have to upgrade a crazy amount to have it be more useful than just tapping the button once in awhile to see where guards are. Over all it's bland not a lot of story, it's kind of a neat story mind you, but it seems to have more far reaching implications than this game alone so it kind of never takes off beyond ""Garret, save girl to make amends."", like they intended it to have a sequal at some point about another character that was I assume supposed to be cooler than Garret, which if this is the baseline for cool they intended to set then I hope they try to go leaps and bounds beyond Garret if they make a sequal. I can't say I liked it, but I didn't hate it, kind of like Call of Duty games, if you play them they are pretty fun for a while, but they never really feel satisfying to look back on, like it was all some pointless ride. Also it has an open world, and linear missions that take place in a closed world, like Super Mario 64 did, only instead of jumping in paintings you just open a door and a loading screen happens, then you do the one mission and complete all the side objectives in the closed off area and never need to come back to it ever again, unless you want to farm for money which is kind of pointless beyond the few non lethal upgrades you can get, you never need to explicitly kill anybody if you sneak well enough or quick save like a mad man, but even if you are caught you can outrun most guards and move to places they can't fallow, then they forget they saw you after a while, which is SOP so I'm no complaining really. All in all it didn't wow me enough to warnt the sixty dollars I paid for it, maybe for twenty, but personally I would have only paid five if I'd known I'd not have a minimum of as much fun as I did with Dishonored. And just to be clear in case some one reading thinks I have a hard on for Dishonored, I'd like to point out that few games have been first person stealth focused in the past several years, in fact it's bsically just those two, so comparisons were bound to be made, Dishonored was the assassination simulator where killing had concequence, and Theif was the Sticky Fingered Batman simulator where you could kill anyone if you really really wanted to and not have it bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,239160,15882379,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Rumbletoad,I feel like I just ate some pizza that was left out on the kitchen counter overnight and most of the day.(5/10)
76561198048315465,Not Recommended,239160,9976843,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Cuck Harvest,"Waste of forty bucks, wait until they make some add-ons."
76561198050333008,Not Recommended,239160,34356481,Posted: 19 August,all,Or4nge,"As a standalone game it may be good, but when seen as a continuation of the thief series it's really bad. Everything feels crafted, from the sneaky paths to the random carts which are just there so you can hide behind them. The levels we're crafted with your objective in mind and then filled with enough randomness to make it feel non-linear, if you played the old thief games you will realise this. In Thief 1 und Thief 2 the worlds felt real, with just a few thing put in place for your convenience, here, everything is for your convenience and often there is one way you exactly know you are supposed to go. They butchered the rope arrows, they we're one of the coolest thing in the old games and added a lot of freedom to the movement, here you can only use them at certain positions marked by ropes. Same goes for climbing, you can't climbany edge like in the old ones, just the ones marked by white paint. There is a lot of things and I won't list them all, just be aware that if you liked the old games for their vastness and non-linearity, this one won't give you what you want. One thing I really liked though was the lock-picking, really cool and actually requires sensitivity."
76561197990076754,Not Recommended,239160,20496981,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Ludaman21,"Felt like a ripoff of Assassin's Creed. I was a big fan of the original Thief and had high hopes for this new rendition but I barely got through the first two chapters. Controls are clunky, environments are bland, and I spent way too much time crawling in windows only to find a dead-end room with one silver spoon to loot. Save yourself the trouble - play one of the originals or try a different game. Not recommended."
,Recommended,239160,15057905,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Leech,"Mimo iż optymalizacja leży i kwiczy (i to największy feler); że jest parę wkurzających bugów typu blokowanie postaci; że fabuła hmmm... taka sobie; że końcówka sama w sobie jest niezła, ale realizacja jakaś taka dorobiona, ma się wrażenie, byle jak; że strasznie denerwujące momenty się zdarzają trochę zbyt często (np: Garrett potrafi sobie spaść z belki ni stąd, ni zowąd); że niektórzy NPC-e osłabiają strasznie (ale za to inni są wyraziści i pełnokrwiści), gra jest całkiem sympatyczna z miłą dla oka grafiką i muzą dla ucha.Esencja gry, czyli skradanie to czysta przyjemność, choć trochę za mało w nim emocji.Generalnie - IMHO całkiem przyjemna kontynuacja i co najważniajsze - godna swych poprzedniczek.Nie żałuję i mam szczerą nadzieję na ""jeszcze"", ale już lepiej dopracowane."
76561198044797961,Recommended,239160,18209825,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jan,"A middling stealth game. Graphics and scenaries are wonderfull, but need a powerfull hardware to run fine. The sound is horrible, establish distances and directions is impossible. The Mechanics and backgrounds are copies of other titles, specially Dishonored. Maps are really big, with a lot of dark places and with good transitions to one another, but main ones are lineal. Many obstacles are stupid: can not jump over a box or barrel with a little sack or basket over it. Special items are unimaginative and few, collectables are simply useless. Player can carry just one object for distract foes, but other means neither works well. Fighting is dispensable because movements are slow and clumsy, knock out by surprise is noisy even against a asleep target, only can make from backwards and carry the body is more slowly and striking yet. Bow deselects itself without warning. Lighting effects are good, but torchs require an arrow to turn them off, lamps are untouchables, and visual capacities of foes vary a lot; the ones of animals are exagerated. Only the times of freedom to prowl in obscure places are memorable."
,Not Recommended,239160,12067189,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sinephase Man: Defender of Moms,"A slapped together, terribly optimized and poorly designed game. They didn't do justice to the Thief franchise at all, and even if you could get over the boring story and mediocre level design, the most infurating thing is all the scripted movements like vaulting, dropping and climbing. There's no freedom of movement. Just terrible :/"
,Recommended,239160,9272870,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Gás Flúor,"What did I have in mind buying a thief? Wait, nevermind. This game is amazing, you have multiple choices of stealth, but only STEALTH, this game's combat is ridiculous, you better sneak past the guards, the Graven and the Freaks than going crazy on them (specially on Freaks).This is one of the best stealth games I've ever seen, if you're a fan of stealth and has m0ny to buy this game, do it, don't mind them idiots saying it sucks, they never played it before or they're really pathetic."
,Not Recommended,239160,11239803,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Murp,"What happened? I used to love Thief. This ""reboot"" is terrible. The story is unintersting, the city layout is confusing. Your ability to slip past people is limited. I never know what I'm doing or why. It's just bad. Really bad. Skip it."
,Not Recommended,239160,11589822,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,зxclusivε,"Waste of time, waste of money."
,Not Recommended,239160,12001705,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,MG Remove,"So bugged out, it's almost hilarious but it's not"
,Not Recommended,239160,10050562,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,howaboutno,"I personally regret buying this game.  I was truly expecting so much more and I was left disappointed.  I watched some videos of game play and foolishly decided too quickly that this game was something incredible.  That was my mistake, and I'm simply writing a review to hopefully prevent someone else from making the same mistake.The storyline had promise, but it was very poorly put together and very difficult to follow.  This continues until the very end of the game and you're left feeling as though nothing was resolved.  By the end of the game the only thing accomplished is stopping Orion from turning everyone into monsters and saving Erin. ‘Nothing’ in the city changes. Gloom is still running rampant, people are still dying, the city is still corrupt and now it has no leaders...The side missions are a catastrophe.  They are bland and unrewarding.  You simply enter the location steal an object and your mission is complete.  There is never anyone inside the house to challenge your sneaking skills or anything at all.  You don't even have to deliver the object after you've stolen it.    You simply get a tiny description on the mission and that's it.The full map and mini map are extremely lacking with barely any detail put into them whatsoever.  Certain areas of the city are mission locked and the areas that you can explore never change. It's a very boring and bland place to explore.  All of the accessible ‘houses’ are rundown and every room looks practically the same. Really, you don’t get to explore houses as 90% of the house is always off limits and no one is ever inside either.  I also hate how you can't fast travel.  That is extremely annoying, especially when everything about the 'free roaming area' of the city is repetitive.The population of the city consists of possibly at most four generic AI faces.  There are never any events in the city other than the occasional hanging which consists of a crowd between three and four people.  The city doesn’t feel real at all.  Gossip between AI’s never change either even if you’ve stolen the loot they’re discussing they just keep looping forever.  They even follow the same path after the events of chapter six when their city is on fire burning around them! They don’t react AT ALL.There are so many features that could have been implemented into this game that would make it incredible.  But, aside from stunning visuals of the game it really has nothing else to offer."
,Not Recommended,239160,10292848,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LethalJam,"This game, sigh. Where to start?Let's start with the good. The graphics are really good and atmospheric and, well...That's about all that's good with this game. The rest is average or terrible.The gameplay leaves tons to be desired and I'm not saying that in comparison to the old games but just as a game, it's not very good. I have played all the previous thief games and this one is definetily the worst but if I have to compare, I'd say that it's the most like thief 3 (deadly shadows).I say that because the whole game has a hub world so to say and from there you travel around to different levels in the game, just like thief 3. The greatest problem for me with this game is that I don't have the feeling of control that I'm used to. You can't jump and alot of times you feel locked to the enviroment as if you were on rails. Especially in many parts in ""the city"" which is the hub world. The other problems with the gameplay are numerous.Questionable level desgins, meaningless and lame side quests, lack of freedom with tools but let's talk about the other possible selling point of the game: the story.It's bad, with no likeable characters (especially Erin). Erin gets lost early in the game before we get to know her at all. The only thoughts you get before she dissapears is that she's a whining and annoying ♥♥♥♥♥. After that, the game expects you to care for the character since the whole game is basicelly about saving her. So from the start, I disliked the story but it gets worse. The game doesn't know what it wants to be. Supposedly it's a reeboot but many elements are left such as Garrets robot eye and the character Basso yet nothing else in the story connects. It makes up a bunch of questions and plot elements are presented that are never anwsered. A mayor plot point is revelead in one point and then no one ever mentions it again. The story is a joke, a complete mess.So what is there left if the gameplay is average at best and the story blows? The anwser is, there is none.The game is simply not worth buying and playing. The only time I could recommend this is if you catch it on the cheap in a sale but otherwise, stay away."
,Not Recommended,239160,11868497,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Skwibb,"I bought this game expecting an open world stealth experience. Instead, I got a slow-moving horror game. The game feels unpolished and rushed, as if the mechanics don't quite belong to the world. The graphics are nothing exceptional, polished by an excessive amount of post processing. Overall, the game feels unfinished, most likely caused by impatience from the game market."
76561198019873377,Not Recommended,239160,15911230,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MechJibb,"I really want to give a thumbs up. But no.no.no.The map layout will drive you bonkers. simply going from point A to point B will give you a headache. exploring....nope, the streets are more like hallways, full of boxes you can not climb, locked doors, and a very restrictive world. The story will make you ask....why and the heck did I spend money on this title. It is paper thin, no depth, and restrictive.The items are boring, and useless most of the time....ok.ok. all of the time.I have played and finished all of the thief titles. This one was a flop. save your time and cash."
,Recommended,239160,16419847,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Deku,"I haven't had the chance to play the older Thief games just yet, but I was greatly impressed by this reboot's mechanics, graphics, etc. I was once so immersed in the game during a chapter centering around the Asylum that my cat jumped on me and I screamed. :D As far as games go, I think people generally downvote this one because they've played the older games and are unimpressed by the newest addition to the series, even if it's a reboot - for someone coming into the series belatedly and playing this one first, the story was very interesting and the attention to detail for stealth missions and the chase scene over rooftops kind of threw in a little extra thrill for me. Overall, I thought it was great, but other people might not. Still happy with my purchase."
76561198196119733,Not Recommended,239160,21433740,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,sirjonbennett,"Its one of those games you play, and its fun, but you spend the entire game trying to follow/figure out what is going on with the plot. Then, once you come to the end scene credits you find yourself asking, ""what just happened?"". Kind of like Talladega NIghts, you watch the entire movie waiting for Will Ferrell to wake up from a dream, waiting for the real movie to start, next thing you know it's over. Worthless storyline, drops the girl TWICE!"
76561198113856595,Not Recommended,239160,22594648,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Dirty_Mouse,"I played some of the original Thief game prior to playing this one. At first I disliked the old one, (the graphics and weird keybinds put me off) but I came to really like it. This game isn't the same. The stealth is meh, I haven't figured out how to fight since I don't have a sword, at least not yet; I just mash the melee button and hit them with a blackjack until they die. The freerunning in actually pretty smooth. A bit too simple, but smooth. Except you rarely get to do more than a few seconds of it at a time due to the cramped level design and constant cutscenes. Really though. I swear this thing is half cutscenes, for a story I don't care about. Just let me steal in peace!"
,Recommended,239160,9283400,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Consider Sudoku,"I think the devs know they ♥♥♥♥ed up. But this still sold like hotcakes so I wonder if they'll be smart enough to make a better sequel closer akin to the orginals, or make another ♥♥♥♥ up for a cash grab?Hopefully they'll listen to the fans instead of acting like modish idiots. ""This isn't 1998 anymore"" was one of the arguments these childish devs used when criticized for their choices in how the game was made.Guess what? I didn't play the Thief games untill May-June 2010 and I loved them to death, you're gonna tell me because it isn't the late 90's that I wouldn't, or many others wouldn't enjoy a game with classic game mechanics?Still despite all this crap, I still enjoyed the game, it was fun to play. Only on Custom Master with everything checked except disabled manual/quick saves (that's just not fun) to make the game more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,239160,9561055,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,WillDrug,"Go buy Thief 2. Or, if you want graphics, Thief 3. Thief 4 is basically a copy of Thief 3, only narrower and scripted;Below I'll show an example of what I mean, but besides that:Buggy game -- guard can suddenly spin around;Constantly repeated dialogue - and only ONE - which is annoying as hell;HORRIBLE sound balance, use headphones because even simple 2.0 sound system will be furiously unbalanced;Character development down the drain; I'm not comparing this game with old Thief  games right now, even by its own merit this is Dishonored meets Batman but with less style and scope;Stealing does not feel satisfying _at all_ _WHATSOEVER_.Constant points of no return within small levels and constant loading screens; THe game couldn't be more restrictive on how you do things.And now for the level design comparing:SPOILERS (!!!!!)For instance, in the asylum level in Thief 3 suspens was rising. First there was noone there but eerie atmosphere and possibility of guards caused you to sneak; Then, sudden ghost of a girl creeped you out, but she was friendly. And then step by step asylum became a horror-fest in the end denying you the way out itself;It was HORRIFYING.Now Asylum in Thief 4: Scripted crows fly out. Door opens by itself and then slams shut. A jump scare from a woman who's supposed to be dead; She tells you you sholdn't be here when she pointed towards this place earlier;SUBTLETY.In conclusion: go buy thief 3; or wait until this game is -75%or just pirate it! it is a Thief game after all ;)"
,Not Recommended,239160,10180301,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[AnL] BaldSexy,This game gives me a flacid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239160,9973025,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,The Suffolk Ram,Is neither a good thief game nor a good stealth game. You’re railroaded through the whole game with no chance to really go off and do you own thing. Acting and writing is terrible and I got so frustrated with the control interface I yelled with frustration more than once.
76561198050609271,Not Recommended,239160,11962424,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Woolf,"This game is made out of poop and it is sooooo boring. I would pay 1 dollar MAX for this ""game""."
,Not Recommended,239160,11994272,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Full Spooky Punk,"If you want to play a game from a first person perspective with a good story and stealth mechanics as the core gameplay element, play dishonoured this game doesn't do it good enough to justify spending more than a few quid on 2/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,10714969,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Herorioc™,"Well this was lame.. I had soooo high expectations on this game, i mean the trailer was so awsome, guess i was wrong..In the beginning it was cool but later on, same stuff over and over again, nothing new, you litterly just doing the same thing over and over again through the whole game.The story, i mean wtf, in the beginning it was totally ok but then not even half-through the game it began to be lame.As for the gameplay it also seemed totally okay after i changed everything since they obviously can't make normal and easy controls, but then again, later on it was so boring, a few things to do and lots of bugs.The whole game map was a complete failure, it disappeared every time you go to ""loading site"" or load/quickload a save.Also there is no telling where to get into to other zones, you have to like climb into a window that looks like a normal house just to get there, very hard to find and incredibly stupied structure for a map to begin with.Lots of bugs and no logic and bad game-structure. I can't believe some people actually paid 50€ for this, it isn't even worth the price it has now. 12€ (the price i bought it) was okay price for this game. 4/10."
,Not Recommended,239160,11960611,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,GodsBane,This game isn't even worth it at the 10 dollar price point.
76561198120650301,Recommended,239160,19343456,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,YoshiRider,"Thief... I was waiting for that game for a long time. Technially brilliant, of course it is a reference for the Mantle API, great atmosphere...but it lacks so much in story line and level design that I can only say: ""Chance missed!""Do not get me wrong, it is a decent game.... it is good but unfortunately not more that that. That's why I will continue to wait and hope next time the focus is again on story and level design."
,Not Recommended,239160,22934117,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bad_Spy,I would rather play outside
76561198035510572,Not Recommended,239160,15118645,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bier,Go play thief 1 or 2 instead.
76561198019277726,Not Recommended,239160,9315550,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BattleMage,"There are many problems with the game but let me starte with what i hated about it. How it couldn't run on a computer that was above the required graphics card level so all of the textures and graphic and resolution were turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥mode. There were also many other things that i found strange for a game that i paid about $60 for as in some of the cut scenes at the end had no sound and the judgment at the end of missions was always wrong especially at the end, only one 'thing' died and it was a creature who died by a fire that was pre lit. The first boss encounter was nearly impossible to sneak by but i defeated him by using a stupid method that suprisingly worked, by knocking him out with the gas arrows then pelting him with the explosive ones (He could take more of them than i could, and he took them to the face while i took the flames from it hitting me from the side and even then two of those would kill me). Some of the mechanics were good like the stealth mostly and the looting but if i tried to cancel going through a window i couldn't, i had to finnish going through the window and then go back through. So basicly tell me when the patches actually work and the developers actually do something and then i will consider re-installing the game again."
,Recommended,239160,10741332,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Altaïr,"One of the best stealth mode games that appeared on the market lately. Shadows must be your friend for the duration of the whole story, but if you are not a stealth player you can approach the game with your own style, bashing heads and killing guards ,no one can stop you doing that although i must warn you - it goes against Garrett's judgement !It is alright if you didn't play the other thief games before, the story doesn't have any important connections with the previous  thief games.In the end this is a great sp game , and is so exciting that made me play the main story multiple times, which was strange for a mp fan like me."
,Recommended,239160,10484179,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Zambambo,meh... still better than cod: ghosts
,Not Recommended,239160,26316167,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,falsting,"Забагованная до ужаса: рассинхрон речи с анимацией, постоянные фризы. Графика на вышке то очень не очень, боюсь представить что там на минималке, лица и мимка не многим лучше Thief: Deadly Shadows (2004). Даже пререндер и тот страшненький.Сюжет скучен, высосан из пальца. Персонажи не запоминаются, нет у них ни характера, ни личности, ни мотивации.Геймплей прикольный первую первую пару часов. Уровни - пара параллельных коридоров и ответвление с бомжом-торговцем. Учитывая, что у Гаррета есть gps, а стражей обдурить проще простого (а можно просто у них за спиной пройти в тесном коридоре), прохождение - изи-бризи. Ghost стелс местами слишком замороченный, а Opportunist всегда слишком простой. В 3 их 8 уровнях мне не получилось получить Ghost исключительно из-за забагованный стражей, которые стояли на месте и теребели свой меч/арбалет, а не патрулировали местность, как им и положено.Ассортимент оружия такой не нужен вообще, из него используется веревочная, водная, да тупая стрела. Апгрейды вообще бессмысленные. К середине игры забиваешь на исследование уровней и собирание лута, т.к. тратить награбленное не на что.Короче, первые полтора часа думаешь ""о, круто"". Потом все эти одинковые сценки с окнами и баррикадами приедаются (особенно, учитывая, что они тормозят), все ловушки и головоломки решаются с помощью глаза. И оказывается, что это все, что есть в игре, больше ничего не будет, тебе еще 8 часов делать все то же самое, один в один.Ну и да, улицы пустые, на повешенье приходит 2 человека."
,Not Recommended,239160,15405757,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sir Chicky,"This is an attrocity with a good name attached to it.Don't buy this congeled failure, no free roam in the maps, no backtracking. Horrible and stupid set pieces, mindboggingly stupid story ( in my opinion). I have more fun reading youtube comments than playing this game."
76561197972589683,Not Recommended,239160,14521888,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DutchOfDukes,"I don't write many reviews, but this game warrants one:  UGH!Do you like navigating the same nonsensical maze over and over again, evading the same guards again and again?  Then this game is for you!  You have that to look forward to after you get the game to actually run smoothly for you anyway.I've spent a number of hours with this game so far... and it's managed to boil the worst moments of the original series down into core gameplay.  I'm actually amazed.  I'm constantly frustrated by core mechanics... it's trying to be un-fun."
,Not Recommended,239160,15571113,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sobek,"9 hours into the game and I am unsure if I even want to continue. I liked this game a lot better the first time I played when it came out 2 years before and was called Dishonored! Seriously, it feels like the same game. Steampunkish medieval society, misterious plague killing everyone that only recently showed up in protagonists absence, lots of sneaking around and stealing stuff, hiding bodies, etc. Thief even has spirit/ghosts, whatever similar to Dishonored. Both games are nearly identical in this aspect. The only real diferences are the selection of weapons, maps, and sidequests/DLC and overall story as far as I can tell from 9 hours of gameplay. Thief isn't bad, I'm just glad I only paid a few dollars for it during a sale a while back and not full retail plus having to deal with all the launch bugs.If I continue playing, I'll update this review."
76561198023491401,Not Recommended,239160,19398795,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MR_SERENITY,"the game itself is boring as hell, i got it maybe 3-4 weeks after release played it for about 4 hours deleted it.i desided yesterday to install it again and it was really a mistake.bad:movement feels VERY restrictedstory is boringcombat system SUCKS BIG TIMEstealth system suck as much as the combatsystemareas are small and at the same time annoying to traverseand much much moregood:I got nothingno waitthe voice actors did a good job to set the mood of the game but thats about iti would anyday recomend Dishonored over this piese og ekskrement"
76561198043902949,Not Recommended,239160,20136997,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,smiggie balls,It's just... empty.It delivers on nothing that the previous Thief games' legacy promised.B-grade stealth game with very good graphics. But that's it.
,Not Recommended,239160,21314477,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jackd23,"Insert regurgitated information from the store page about publisher, release year, et cetera here, because I can't condense my review to something substantial and helpful.Insert rant about the current trend of publishers ruining iconic names to milk dem big bucks out of it, by refusing to name titles ""Thief 4"", for example.Insert something elaborate about how this is not a ""Thief"" game.Mention that since December 2014, the game hasn't managed to cause even the slightest itch to get back to it, and actually play some more.Conclude with strong points how resurrected and misleadingly named titles are likely to never really be developed by the original teams/studios/people, and despite new shiny graphical fidelity, probably are going to be your state of the art generic and bland product. Leaving a bitter taste for players of ye olde games.Finally uninstall the game with a long-drawn sigh."
,Not Recommended,239160,21415861,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Big C,Dubstep in a Thief game & it's just a dumb down version of Deus Ex HR
76561197970769624,Not Recommended,239160,21378985,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,McManus,"If you are, as myself, a fan of the original thief games (1&2) you will be somewhat dissapointed by the reboot.No open-ended levels in the story. While the city and the miniquests are nice, the story quests are pretty much one path possible, with silly cutscene-like moments added for cinematic effect.All in all solid gameplay, but the story is a let down and the design is just... wrong.Not a real thief."
76561198057840477,Not Recommended,239160,20135573,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Narutojinchuuriki,"This was my first Thief game, honestly, and so this review will be only about this game and none of the others in the series that came before it.It was pretty terrible.Graphics were great, but storyline was absolute trash. There are some good levels, but it's lacking in something... more.Again, storyline was terrible. It kinda ruined the good parts for me, really."
,Recommended,239160,14963026,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kRVRKV,"Absolutely recommend it. No doubt. Haven't played previous parts myself and I loved it just as much as I could. Besides completing the story, finished also every side mission possible - and that's a very rare thing that I do in games. My next step is getting every achievment in the game - that's where I would have to sweat a bit and I don't even mind it (cos the game is amazing).Would erase my memories and complete it again 10/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,9346784,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,MeFirst,"Oh boy its remake time again. Remakes are always a dangerous thing I guess. Very often a remake is trying to be something completly new and so it is too far away from the original. On the other hand, if a remake does nothing new it does raise the question why you should make a remake if you did change nothing?This review is probably not very positive and some people will probably say something like: Hey you just had wrong expectations!While I will say something about the whole expectations thing later, let us just look at the plain facts.Let us start with the most obvious thing, how does thief look? Well it does look pretty well if you ask me. Well of course it is not the most colorful game, but hey it is a about sneaking in a dark city with steampunk elements. Thief is actually pretty good at this task. The city does look nice and so I can clearly say that thief is a good looking game.However trouble is easy to find, or in that case easy to hear. The sound of the game is pretty much underwhelming in all aspects. While the voice actors are okay (not great and not terrible) I do miss the old voice actor of garret. However there is more trouble ahead. The entire soundscape is underwhelming and is often schockingly silent. The attempt at a dynamic music system ranges between annoying and broken and I have to say it has been a long time since I actually actively hated the ingame music of a game.Well sound and graphics are obviously not everything so what about the gameplay and the story? Sadly those two departments show the biggest flaws. Gameplay is pretty linear and often not very interesting, of course there are some alternative routes here or there but they are neither elegant or interesting. While you can roam around the city and do some sidemissions you always feel how limited your routes and by that your options are. It does not help that the enemy AI is pretty stupid and that the guards are awful at their job. So gameplay wise the game is pretty linear and not really challenging. Of course you can raise the difficult in the settings and customize a lot of things, but that does no really make the gameplay itself more interesting and fun.The story of Thief is also sadly pretty boring and dull. Beside that it is full of logic holes. I dont expect a story to make 100% sense and of course there are things in a story that happen because the story must go somewhere. However a a story most have its own logic and if things stop making sense inside that logic, then you have problems getting engaged in a fictional story.So much about a look about what I would call the facts. Thief is not a terrible game, I think games with a big budget can hardly be completly terrible, but just having a big budget mean you produce a ace game. Thief is far from being a ace game. I spoke about expectations earlier and this game wants to be a thief game. The problem is that in nearly no aspect it is one. It may sound a bit extreme but this game could have been released under a completly different title and some people would only call it a part time rip off of the original thief.Can I recommend this game? Well not really. This game claim to be something that is is not and beside that it is only a average game."
,Not Recommended,239160,20001591,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chieftain101,"When I wasn't following the generic save the world story line I found little to do within the ten or so streets I could explore until I was forced to listen as a brick explained the inner workings of clay to me. When that brick finished I was puzzled to find myself forced into some kind of side quest which funny enough involved walls made of clay. With my new instructions I began following the linear road to a door upon which I found a small object on a table. I grabbed it, handed it back to the fine chap of a brick. I did that about another nine times, got bored and played Dying Light with a few friends.10/10 would listen to horrible voice acting while playing an obnoxiously linear game designed by Eidos which in turn is owned by Square Enix. Oh wait didn't Square Enix recently try a horrible pre-order system the likes of which EA shed tears of pure joy and jerked off furiously to the idea of extorting money from idiots who pre-order games?Remember kids before buying games like these, please become a donor incase you suffer an aneurysm and suffocate in a pool of mountain dew."
76561198053364440,Not Recommended,239160,26261969,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,HangryHufflepuff,"It's kinda nauseating at first the way the character reaches for things, the lunge in and out over stuff, you don't really notice it at first but then it hits you and its like ugh I feel sick, eventually I kinda moved past it and it was ok again, but I didn't really like that mechanic of the game.I don't know how far into the game I am, I got to a mental hospital and♥♥♥♥♥♥got crazy and I was like this was not in the preview, what is happening how did I end up in a horror game. So...that was misleading.... I kinda haven't gone back to it yet, because I was noping all over the place.I'm kinda mixed on If I want to recommend this game or not. I'm kinda 50/50 thinking about it. It was pretty cool, until it threw in ghosts and nightmare creatures.If you like horror, and thieving, then you might like this, if you're a wimp and♥♥♥♥♥♥moving behind you freaks you out...thennnn maybe not this game."
,Recommended,239160,13797161,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,T8-TR,"Thief is what I'd call a good game that was squandered by bad decisions. I, personally, found myself enjoying most of the game, but even then, I could see where it went right and where it went wrong.The relative non-linearity of the levels that encourages exploration: Good. The immersiveness of your character with simple things such as hands and feet, putting youintothe shoes of Garrett: Good (great, for an immersion nut like myself). The phenominal graphics that breath life to what you would assume is a horribly dark and dank and dirty place with nothing else to offer: Good. But then you have the ""bad"" side of things. You have the port issues, with stuttery FPS in the hub areas. You have the inability to jump (for whatever reason), resulting in awkward moments, falls, and deaths that could rival those found in Assassin's Creed. You have the simplification of mechanics, a prime example of which being the rope arrow. What was once a creative way to both open up a level is now little more than a scripted event, or something that might as well be.And here's my biggest gripe: the fact that the player's actions can directly go against Garrett as a character. And in the most ridiculous sense, too. Early on in the game (and I suppose this is a spoiler, so...)Garrett and Erin — his trusty sidekick — have themselves a little game of ""I bet I can steal more!"" and shortly after they meet up again, Erin scoffs at his take. Garrett, the Master Thief himself, then replies ""It's not about how much you steal, butwhatyou steal"" and she adds, ""and how you steal it.""And that's perfectly fine; a thrillseeker thief archetype who steals things of worth? That's kinda neat! ""But hold on a second, I was just stealing forks and knives to sell for a pitiful one gold coin..."" Yeah, kinda absurd, if you ask me. It's like Niko in GTA4 mourning about how he had to kill in the war, then gunning everyone down between missions. Garrett boasts about how it doesn't matter if you go around scrounging up tiny mathoms no one wants, then goes around doing exactly that. This is a problem not only because it goes against the narrative, but it devalues Garrett as a character. He's no longer the professional stealing to survive like he was in the old games, nor is he a thief stealing to both survive and because he has some thrill for the rush of it all. He's just a kleptomaniac, out to rob all of ""The City"" of their common household utensils. What an♥♥♥♥♥ right? Easy fix to this would be to just make it so that you can rob people of their knives, forks, and spoons. There are plenty of actual trinkets, medals, busts, and collectables to pick up — stash a few more of those into the wardrobes, drawers, and cupboards, and we've got a nice and easy compromise... Unless Eidos wastryingto make their ""Master Thief"" a kleptomaniac. :|Anyway, I'm bad at ending essays and anything utilizing one or more paragraphs, so...tl;dr Thief was a fun time, though it's hindered by quite a few issues that, while relatively small, are very apparent in the game and level design. The biggest of which (in my opinion) being a problem in the narrative... Which most might not even give a damn about. I still recommend it, though. I like the new voice actor better than the old one (don't kill me, pls), the graphics are stellar, the immersion is stellar, and if you can look through some of its issues and past the fog of nostalgia, it's not a bad game at all.In terms of a score (for ease of use), we could say it's an 8/10 who slipped, fell, and landed on the 6.5/10 step.I'm eager to see what they do with the second game, when they inevitably release a second one."
,Not Recommended,239160,19675381,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sweet BabyJesus,"Sometimes it's best to stick to what the fans love about the originality of a game. The new Thief is a clear example of this and as a big fan of the Thief series.. it saddens me to say although the graphics are awesome the gameplay itself it confusing, buggy, crappy storyline and very unoriginal. It is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Waste of my money and a regrettable buy. I eagerly awaited this game and I would've preferred they stuck to the original storyline and cast.Complete waste of time, maybe I may be nice and try to give it another shot but I much prefer a remastered version of the originals than this crap.+1 Disappointed loyal fan. Make a better Thief."
,Not Recommended,239160,19329698,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,campusmaximus,"Great graphics, HORRIBLE gameplay. The game guides you like a 4 year old, ""jump only here"" you actions are limited only within story guidelines. Avoid this title at all costs. There is ZERO free roam or dynamic choices to this game. a total POS"
,Not Recommended,239160,9265283,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Deus Ex Machina,"I can't run this game in Normal graphics setting smoothly, which I could run Skyrim and TERA Online in Ultra graphics with a Display of 1680x1050 with atleast 60fps.  This game the max fps I can run it at is 15fps if even that much on normal setting.  I have dumbed my graphics down to very low and even my display setting just to accomodate this game and it was very disappointing.  I'm thinking there is a memory leak somewhere in the game or it just has not been optimized yet.  Also, I dunno if anyone else had a problem with this, but I couldn't drop of a rope when I was looking down and hitting space bar.  It's really crazy.  Probably some bugs scattered all around.  I would suggest this game if someone has a lot of money to burn on a super graphically enhanced computer similar to xbox one or something to that extent, I dunno.  It's disappointing to me that I should be able to run this smoothly and was proven wrong.  Buyers beware."
,Recommended,239160,9265989,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Mook,"The newest Thief game can be compared to a reboot/remake of a beloved Hollywood franchise. It's nowhere near as good as the originals, but it's not terrible, and it's updated.I've played Thief for roughly 7 hours, the city sucks to travel through and the map is completely horrible and there is never a clear direction. Thief shines when you're in a mission through a building or house, and stealing things under someones nose is really rewarding. Outsmarting guards never gets old either. So if you're a fan of stealth games, than Thief is a no brainer. But if you're fairly new to the genre, play Dishonored as it is a much more polished, fun, rewarding and realized experience. In my opinion Dishonored did Thief better than the new Thief did.I hope there is some kind of fast travel option implemented into Thief, because if I have to traverse through that map every time I need to get somewhere far away I'm simply going to stop playing, it's that bad."
76561198000813885,Not Recommended,239160,18836109,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ImmortaLeader,"ok this is a long full review !!Firt Of All This Is The 4rth Thief !Thief 1 ( Thief Gold ) - Thief 2 - Thief 3 Deadly Shadows (9/10 Game) released around 2002 - & At laast Thief 4 release around 2014.all 4 available on steam !Now i LOVE Thief 3 But I am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in THIEF 4 !!!it's a SH*TY GAME and it should be called PRIMAL SH*T ( a joke inside game PRIMAl enegy & primal erin ) lol !But that being said i am really sorry for the developers because they had SO MUCH of the right ideas but they didnt have a TRUE LEADER making everything work together .i RECCOMMEND u to play thief 3 (if ur not bothered by the graphics ) !which you wont be in my opinion.& if u just had to have more thief then play thief 4 !STORY : it has none !!! the story is a sh*ty made together nonsense with no point and no adventure, no excitement whatsoever !!!The Character Garret is so unlikebale and unnatural and so fake ( only in this installment ) .The Path System of the game is REDICIOULES, it does not give you freedom ( the game tries otherwise but it fails ! ) . it's tooo much linear, no freedom whatsoever !The Use Of Tools you have like water arrow & rope arrow are not as good as it should be !There is almost no fight system whatsoever except a hit and evade which with focus upgrade pressing ""R"" is really all you have to do to take out the ENTIRE TOWN !!!!!!I can really GO ON and on on the bads... like : THE LOADINGS and pressing E takes away the feel of an OPEN WORLD GAME !!!that's right this is an open world game, but u may go the entire game without noticing this due to one too many loadings around every corner...The ai is sucky and bad too, VERY VERY BAD !It's jump to 3rd person on accasions is REALLY BAD tooo.... :(The bank heist DLC is nothing but one extra useless MISSIONTHE GOOOD PARTS that can easily be missed !1- when picking locks, if u dont look at ur HUD and instead Look at GARRET's Hands the picklocking is not only entertaining but EXTREMELY WELL DONE , but the thing is u can finish the entire game without ever noticing THIS !2- if the developers made mini map in hud ON by default and made it a little smaller to dont take a quarter of SCREEN ! it would help u get to know the city REALLY Quickly and nicely But again u can MISS this ENTIREly too !3- Considering that the game was made with unreal engine 3, not ue4, it has nice graphicsAND AT LAST, SADLY  it was once upon a time a GOOD GAME :'(we <3 you garret, we wont forget THIEF 3 DEADLY SHADOWS !!!i give this game : 6.66/10Reviewed By 6imm6rtaleader6"
,Recommended,239160,10501394,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,galeviel,"Excellent sneak and steal-game - If you liked DeusEx and are fond of steampunk, you might really enjoy this game!With the in-game challenges and the additional challenge mode, you'll also find yourself replaying this game several times... to ""collect"" all the loot... to finish missions undetected... aso."
76561198016357959,Recommended,239160,10694854,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nukomic,"If you enjoy stealth games, get this!"
,Recommended,239160,10504904,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Labcat,"EDIT: After playing through the game, in its entierty, I think that playing as Erin (in a scenario where Garret dies, and you're left to play as Erin), would be much more interesting, rewarding, and with a character that is much more fleshed out than Garret. I did not change my key points, nor my opinion of the game, during the playthrough.Thief is not about thieving.There, I said it.After playing the same mission time and time again because the game wasn't made for the mode I wish for it to be, I decided to do this review about Thief, the new one.I've played the old Theifs. When I preordered back in September something I saw the gameplay videos, it was going to be extravagant, something new, something exciting! I had already preordered, I could cancel, sure, but that would make the action I made moot. I saw with some distaste in my mouth how the game was going to be linear, unlike the original. I figured it was fine, the experience could still be swell. Then I saw how the adventure itself was going to become very short. And I figured that was just casuals breezing through, I would have fun, lots of it, at least triple of what an average playthrough would be. And I was correct, it will be at least triple of an average playthrough, because I haven't finished the Second Map yet, after 17 h. (Which can be seen in my achievements tab)Back to the old Theif. This game is not the same experience as the old Thief is. In Thief: Gold had you explore an area, every inch and nut and bolt and screw, and you still wouldn't find every lootable item. Every map was a pleasure to explore, and so long you didn't kill anyone, you could reign free in your merry little map, without anything stopping you. (Well, just keep a spare Flashbomb, and you won't have any issues with guards that do detect you.)The new Thief, so far, and I don't expect much more from it, has such a linear mapstyle, that I find it even hard tomissthe damn loot. Apart from the loot that is hidden away in someones brightly lit room, and heavily guarded door, that is. Every part of the maps, even if they in themselves are quite large, are very predictable, and does not offer much choices of approach for the pathing you wish to perform. Most oftenly so are you placed at the entrance of a room, enabled a large view of the situation at hand, and then roughly three parthways to accompany it:The the-way-you-will-probably-take-every-time-you-replay-the-map-from-the-start.The inadequate path.The worse-than-above path.Whilst I do like the freedom of choice, it feels somewhat lacking. Due to the fact that the maps are so linear, the point of using any other entrance, or exit, than the first one stated, is dubious.However, the idea of the city, not that I have looked that much into it, seems pretty good. A hub for going from mission to mission, where you can spend some past time between missions, or just fool around, I guess.(Not that I would know, I can't knock anyone unconsious, get detected, and on top of that, I have chapter saves.)Now that you know some of the game, I will go back to my first statement.Thief is not based around thieving.You might ask yourself why.Well:-You can finish the game without stealing a single dime of non-quest items.This in itself, for a Thief game, is one thing that actually might make you reconsider not getting this ""for old time's sake"".One of the most noticable challenges of Thief Gold is that if you don't have the required loot, you can't finish your current escapade. On easy, sure, it isn't that hard, but on Expert you have to search everywhere to find the last little stack of coin you missed because you blinked that one time you turned left, and that's just to finish the map, not get all the loot.In the new Theif, there is no required loot, apart from the the loot you went out to get, and that kind of makes Garret lose some character, in my opinion, it's almost as if I can agree to one part of what Erin says in the beginning, ""...it's about getting in the loot"". Garret does not agree, seemingly.-The game itself seems based around two playstyles, with minor niches being allowed, if you sacrifice some of the gameplay.I do not agree with this sort of production, where as the producers wants ""freedom of choice"", but disables that for something I'd say is conforming too much to modern media. Sure, you have the freedom to choose between either beating the crap out of everyone, and getting all the loot; or running around, avoiding detection whilst still being able to steal all the loot if you perform SOME takedowns. Anything in between, and you can't experience the whole game, and getting all the loot. The old Theif gave you a plan, an a sketch, and an entrance, then you were free to do what ever the heck got your pants wet, with real interruptions. (Location-based are cool and all. The FIRST time.) They created a custom ruleset, and I created my own profile with the settings that I wanted, something a bit more hardcore than your average 6h playthrough. Though, when I created this, I expected to be able to loot everything, but that is not what seems to be important here. Much more emphasis is put on you being able to puzzle through the maps as swiftly as possible, (I mean, heck, you could just ignore all the loot while you're at it!) to then experience a cutscene which enbroadens the story by a bit, to which you then proceed to do the same thing over again, which brings me to my next point!-Even though Garret is a thief, he probably does not give♥♥♥♥♥♥ either mentally or economically, about loot.With the facts stated above, we can do the conclusion that Garret either has stole enough, and has enough to live on, and that he probably does not steal loot out of spite, to prove that he is better than the other people.This isn't Garret to me. Whoever created this Garret put too much emphasis on poor emotions, and too little on loot.I kind of wish I could play Erin instead, and just ♥♥♥♥ everything up, and steal some♥♥♥♥♥♥ because Garret is one sad ♥♥♥♥er in this game, almost literally.However, as a standalone, because I think that's what they were going for, (Because they were really not true to the original character, however they managed to reimagine him like this.) The game is playable, flows well, and has a good feeling to it, disregarding the earlier Thief.Disambiguation:You play as a Thief called Garret. (Not to be confused with Garret from Thief: The Dark Project, Thief: The Metal Age, Thief: Deadly Shadows, or Thief Gold.)The graphics look really well, even on a mediocerly weak computer.The mechanics of the game make for a good flow, but can be clonky at times. (I'm looking at you, crates. >.>)The story is kind of meh. Not really that memorable characters, (Thus far, but if the main protagonist isn't that interesting, well, then you've gone goofed.)The gameplay is rewarding, and I think even more so should you not use custom settings.Custom gamerules settings! Not everything is determined on the spot just by picking a difficulty(But it could, your choice.)Negative: The A.I. is as blind as deepwaterfishes (I guess the stealthsystem wouldn't quite work if they saw you as any regular human being with vision does, and the game is kind of based on the stealthsystem)Positive: A.I. are dumber than bricks. (Something that was closed is open. &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ gotta go check. ♥♥♥♥♥hitshit visitors, where are you ♥♥♥♥ers?"" Something that was closed, to then be opened, is now closed ""Yes, less work tonight, dis chill m8 patrollin' on!"")The game is playable. Should you enjoy it more or less, well that's up to you. Do you like stealth FPS', then this MIGHT be a game for you. It really is what you make it out to be, custom gamerules settings considered.TL;DR9/11""It's a blast"" -♥♥♥♥nugger McCat♥♥♥♥er72 virgins warranty if you do not enjoy the experience."
76561198121057963,Recommended,239160,10552689,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LeftyLunatic,"Love the speed of the game and how you can manipulate your surroundings and people to accomplish your tasks. If you like mystery, adventure and being stealthy (or like me to cause havoc). You will enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,239160,9442242,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Sophisticated Cyborg,I haven't played this game much because of my terrible computer but i think its amazing!
,Recommended,239160,18292610,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Connor,"Depending on how you like to play, Thief is either a quick sprint to the finish that will test your reflexes and make you think on your feet or a grueling marathon that will require all your powers of deduction, observation, and a walkthrough or two to complete. Grabbing all the achievements in Thief took me about 47 hours total over the course of a few playthroughs, even with help finding the seven secret areas I overlooked.Taking on the role of the eponymous main character you'll have to make your way through the city you call home, old forgotten ruins beneath it, a mental institution on the other side of the river, and even your own mind. Parts of Thief play like something directly out of a horror game and manage to do it better than most games that make horror their focus. Speaking of Garrett, the man's got a great sense of humor. His zippy one-liners never disappoint.The art direction in Thief is drab, but appropriate. The game is set in an authoritarian citystate on the verge of societal collapse. The colors of any given scene are gray and brown, with a bit of blue and white thrown in for lighting. Interspersed with the dull scenery are carefully placed spots of shadow that you'll need to take advantage of if you want to remain unseen and/or not die, and thousands of shinies you'll need to collect if you want to complete the game.One final note on appearances: I've never liked the ""steampunk"" aesthetic, so watching the grungy patchwork technology in some parts of the game fall to pieces the way it would in the real world brought me no small amount of secret vindictive pleasure.While each chapter is fairly linear there are usually multiple ways of progressing and different ways of approaching each situation. Very rarely does the main game restrict your options- if you want to muscle your way past the guards and take what you're after by force, you usually can if you're good enough with your blackjack. Just don't try that with the Freaks in the lower levels of the old city; it won't end well. You can also replay each chapter to try something different by revisiting the chapter's starting location. You will need to memorize them or look them up, though, they're not marked on your map.I was a little disappointed that there were only two boss fights in the game. I know not every chapter of a game should have a final encounter, but only two? There's so much you can do with stealth games like this one to build entertaining showdowns so Thief loses a few points here by my reckoning. A word of caution about the final boss... on the hardest difficulty possible (custom settings only, I think) the final boss is a game of breakneck hide-and-seek where being found means you die. Instantly. I'm never doing that again and if achievements are your cup of tea I wish you luck.Hint: move clockwise.Flaws notwithstanding, Thief would make a great Christmas gift- nothing says ""holiday spirit"" like breaking into other people's homes, taking their things, and dispensing wanton vandalism and violence along the way. Deck the halls."
,Recommended,239160,10217550,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dark Savant,"Not the best in the series (not that it actually IS in the series), plot much worse than previous games, demanding engine and no undead! However, the stealing abilities are well designed, very difficult sneaking in many situations - demands quick thinking, some good missions (the psychiatric hospital for instance). Even as a fan of the series I was dissapointed - but overall game is fun and not boring even after long sessions. Still, I recommend to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,239160,10496254,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Dorffasaurus,Not amazing but as someone who didnt play the previous thief games i still enjoyed it a good deal.
76561198077941810,Recommended,239160,9805069,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,boy the bilder,if you liked hitman this is for you i you didnt like hitman like me then its ok cuss thsi game is really good game for stealthy guys ;)
,Recommended,239160,9424121,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,WaffleHouse,"People like to complain about the voice actor but in my opinion, he is pretty good. If you want a stealth game where you actually need to stay stealth, this is for you. But just be warned. I would reccomend watching gameplay before you get it. This is not a game for your CoD fanboys."
76561198157738624,Recommended,239160,14597738,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Apu Apustaja,Pros:+Sneaking is fun but challenging sometimes+Unique loot every mission+Nice open world+Good ole Garrett+Nice atmosphere+Great GraphicsCons:-AI is really stupid sometimes-Some of the loot are imposible to find without a guide-You steal the same things over and over (except unique loot)-In some of the missions you cant get all the loot if you dont have the required gear-Very similar to DishonoredOverall its a good game.Would steal all the cups again. 10/10-IGN
,Recommended,239160,9308643,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Kosta,"(At the time that this review is released, I will have NOT beaten Thief yet. I may change my feelings/opinions on it as I progress the game)Thief is a good game for any of you stealth gaming enthusiasts.Although it's story is NOT very interactive, and you don't get the same sort of emotion you would get if you played any games such as, The Walking Dead by Telltale, it is still an overall good game.In a graphic perspective, the game itself is very nice when it comes down to details, shadows, and lighting, but other than that the gameplay feels at points either too jumpy, or too slow paced. At some areas it feels like you have no idea what is going on, and you just want to 'beat' the chapter.As of playing this game, I can't help but feel the way I did when I first tried to get into the game, 'Dishonored'. I kept feeling like I couldn't comprehend what was happening no matter how much the story progressed, and in the end I just got tired of it and had to stop playing it. Thief feels relatively similar to Dishonored's gameplay, but are not nearly the same in a matter of combat, or storyline. The stealth in Thief, which is what is made out to be it's ""core gameplay mechanic"", works very well if you try to play as a thief who must hide in the shadows and stay hidden. This can make the game feel VERY slow after a while, and eventually I gave up on hiding, as it proved useless when no guards where around.In the aftermath of all that, this game does have some pretty bad AI. The AI which ussually consists of guards or at some points, just average townspeople, which seem to have a pretty mental way of thinking. If you throw a bottle directly at them, they either start getting confused, or walk in the complete opposite direction of where the sound percieved of the bottle smashing was heard.You may be thinking at this point, why am I not stating any real positive outlooks on Thief? Well, that is simply because their isn't many. Like I stated either this game more or less a lighting showcase with some stealth and parkour.After defeating the first Chapter/Tutorial stage, you seem to notice a severe lack of things you could steal. At this point, it's more or less a parkour simulator with a few confusing stories and characters that I just don't seem to get attached to, or relate to at all. In fact, as of playing this game the only emotion I have felt is anger towards the AI for somehow not being able to spot you less than 2 inches away, while standing INFRONT of them... If your one of those people who want to look for a cool game that has action, ""parkour"" or stunts, and an interactive story, than this game is not for you. However, if you are looking for a linear game that focuses on one main topic and task, than this game is for you.Overall, I would say this game would get 6.5. Although I put a some-what negative look on Thief, this game could be fun for anyone who may have enjoyed games such as, Dishonored and Metal Gear Solid, and I would recommend it to any new-commers to stealthy gaming industry. However, if you are a fan of the original Thief series, and not this decently okay reboot, then I suggest not getting this game. Although I have never played any of the original Thief games, I have heard from many fans of them that this game misses out on some of the key elements used in the original games, which leads many original fans to dislike the way this games story and gameplay was delievered.Well that is it for my review of the game Thief, I hope you enjoyed reading this, and if you were wondering whether or not you wanetd to purchase this game I hope I helped you in making that decision.--Kv321 (Part of the E3D Network)"
,Recommended,239160,14270100,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,💀 La Smarka 💀,"I had heard some things about this game before I got it. I heard some good things and some bad things, but the majority of the things I heard made this game sound more mediocre and disappointing than anything. Many people played this game expecting to get the original Thief game, which caused disappointment for them. I haven't gotten around to playing the original Thief games, so I can't make the comparison, but I wouldn't say that this game is bad. In fact, I actually found it to be quite good. Sure it has it's issues, but I definitely got my money's worth considering I bought it on sale for just over $10, put in 50+ hours and felt thoroughly entertained throughout the game.Story:The game begins as you take on the role of Garrett, a thief-for-hire as he is in pursuit of the Primal Stone, a gem that his contact Basso has asked of him to acquire. Garrett is joined by Erin, his young and naïve apprentice. Garrett and Erin are on their way to Baron Northcrest's manor in hopes of stealing the stone. When they arrive on the roof of the manor and gaze through the rooftop window, they see Baron Northcrest performing some sort of ritual with the stone. Feeling uneasy, Garrett calls off the job. Erin objects and a brief altercation ensues before Erin falls through the glass window and into the ritual. As Garrett jumps through the roof in an attempt to save her, a part of the building collapses onto him and knocks him unconscious. Garrett awakens one year later to find the city is plagued by The Gloom, a plague that causes it's victims to hear voices and kill themselves. Garrett himself has started to have visions of Erin and learns that she may still be alive. Garrett is now in pursuit of finding her. Meanwhile, Orion, one of Garrett's new clients is leading a rebellion against the Baron and Garrett is stuck in the middle of it all.Gameplay:The gameplay can be really addictive and immersive. It's so fun hiding, sneaking around and collecting loot. You can spend your loot on upgrades for Garrett's abilities and weapons. The game is fairly big. At times, I felt overwhelmed at how much there was to explore as I'm a completionist and want to get as much out of the game as possible and explore every corner of every map. I would describe this game as pseudo-open-world. The game is centered around The City, which is divided into different districts. You can roam The City as you please if you're not in the middle of a chapter. You'll come across a loading screen when you go from one district to another. In order to progress through the story, you'll have to complete the main story chapters. The story chapters are a bit more linear. Each main story chapter is found in different parts of The City and will be replayable once you complete them by revisiting their respective areas. I guess you could compare this game's open-worldness to Super Mario 64. In Super Mario 64, you could roam throughout the castle and access each level by jumping through the paintings. This is kind of like that, except The City is much larger and has more to do. On top of the main story, there are side missions to do and different collectibles to find, which are displayed in Garrett's hideout for you to admire when you're not in the middle of a chapter. There are three different playstyles in the game – Ghost, Opportunist and Predator. You can play the game trying to remain completely undetected and unseen under the ghost playstyle, use the environment to distract enemies and get what you need under the opportunist playstyle or knockout anyone in your way under the predator playstyle. There are various thieving challenges to complete depending on which playstyle you choose.The Negatives:I've come across a couple of glitches in this game. I've noticed the AI spinning in circles at high speeds or just standing there without moving to the point where you could literally walk through them as if they didn't even exist. I've also noticed points in the game where Garrett would get stuck in a corner and I'd have to reload my most recent save so I could continue playing. This could be frustrating at times and made me glad that I saved the game as often as I did. Granted, these glitches weren't incredibly frequent, but they did happen on more than one occasion. Also, Garrett doesn't have the strongest character. The stoic voice acting is fitting, yet makes him come across as rather dull. I didn't think it was bad, but I just thought he could have used a bit more charm. There are some people that complain about the story. I wouldn't call it bad, but it wasn't anything groundbreaking either. It was decent and was enough to keep my interest. My problem was the ending. I don't want to spoil anything, but I'll just say that it left me with the same feeling of confusion that Bioshock Infinite's ending did. Perhaps some people like that sort of thing, but I wasn't a huge fan of it or the confusion it left me with. I mentioned the game's size earlier and how overwhelming it felt at times. I meant that in a good way. However, the downside to that is the map navigation. Navigating the map in the linear chapter missions were fine, but navigating The City could be very confusing if you didn't remember how to get from one district to another. As much as I love freeroaming The City, it  can feel very clunky and easy to get lost in even if you're using the map.Conclusion:Overall, if you like stealth games, I'd recommend picking this one up when it's on sale. While there are people like me who enjoy the game, there are many who don't. I think it depends on each person individually and what it is they expect from the game. If you haven't played a Thief game before or if you're able to put your personal bias for the older games in the series aside and treat this as it's own entity, I think you'll find it has a lot of content to offer for the sale price to keep you busy and entertained."
76561197969547636,Recommended,239160,9733733,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Rue,"The game has gotten a lot of flak I feel it doesn't deserve. If you go in expecting something like Thief : The Dark Project or The Metal Age, you'll be dissapointed. If you go in with an open mind though, you may be surprised. The story is a mess and the audio bugs (STILL unpatched) are annoying, but the actual stealth gameplay is top notch, and you WANT to stealth everything. As a game about thieving, it succeeds quite well."
76561197991760521,Not Recommended,239160,13793460,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thorisalaptop,"Pretty ""meh"" all around. Not nearly as well done as the original (Which ison steam, and cheaper to boot)."
76561197971370707,Recommended,239160,9309645,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fenris,"The Bad.The writing is kind of rubbish, firstly a lot of the things that made the Thief world interesting seems to have vanished, there's no hammerites, no pagans, I did go to some keeper ruins but have yet to meet one and so far the game have not eluded to what happened to the most important factions in the game series.The story itself is fairly weak, we never get a feel for Garret's relationship with his apprentice, we never get to see her training or what drove them apart, Garret seems to care a lot more about people than he did in the previous games, the game world seem to have moved 400 years ahead in fashion, no longer is the word in a medieval steampunk style, it now much more resembles the typical victorian steampunk you so often see, though still without the invention of gunpowderThe Good.The gameplay is solid, it’s fun to sneak around and still everything within arm’s reach, the levels are well designed with tons of hidden loot,  the core gameplay of stealing stuff, then using the money you get from the stuff to by upgrades and gear so you can steal more stuff even more effectively is a good time. Tripping over a bottle on the ground you didn’t notice and alerting a guard is hearthstoppingly tense, and the game is full of small cool details like that.The extensive difficulty settings are also excellent, not content with just the easy medium hard settings, you can extensively customize the difficulty, feel like the focus ability makes the game to easy, turn it off, long for the days of Thief 1's saving methods, you can turn that on, and so on.The Ugly.It’s the small things in this game that drives me up the wall, the silly story I can easily look beyond, but the game is held back by a lot of small bad design decisions.For example the locations of loading points in the open world will drive you crazy, why the nearest merchant to my hideout is in its own little area with its own loading time in and out is beyond me. Using slow quick time events to open a window to enter into a new area only to realize you already roped that apartment and having to do another slow quick time event to get back out gets old real quick. The map could have used some more work, or at least the ability to place your own notes on it would be nice, for example you can replay old missions by reentering them at their starting point, which is great, if it wasn’t for the fact that their location isn’t shown on the map after you done them, so if don’t remember where it was it can be problematic. The hideout is a nice touch but serves no real purpose (an idea would have been to allow you do redo old missions from your hideout, thereby giving you a reason to return to the bloody thing and saving me the trouble of running around the city trying to find the damn mission entrances, but I digress).Conclusion.This is almost the worst kind of game to play, there’s an excellent stealth game in here, but playing it can sometimes fell like death by a thousand tiny cuts, it can be very frustrating to feel hold back by small weird design choices.Still with all that said, it’s probably the best pure stealth game I played in recent times, a lot of my frustration stems from my love of the Thief series and its world, but if you are a fan of stealth it should still easily be worth your money."
,Not Recommended,239160,11338607,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Jimko,Simple: just one of most stupid games I've ever played since 1985. And where's the final? Are you kidding me? It's totally pointless...
76561198080542151,Not Recommended,239160,13975829,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Clarence Boddicker 0.07%,"Absolute garbage! Great graphics but the gameplay is horrendous, the most boring game I have ever played."
76561198056634949,Recommended,239160,21959370,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,saxual,"You know that one game you really used to enjoy and you totally wanted to play again but with better graphics and all the same functionality? This isn't that game... Holy ♥♥♥♥ is it bad. beautiful, but bad."
76561198046971946,Not Recommended,239160,11226920,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ehjdoom,the heavy framerate issue cause this to be unplayable. My pc is an atleast average gaming pc so it is very possible that this issue originates from the drm.
76561198028609191,Recommended,239160,13305356,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,spankbank,iz gud
,Not Recommended,239160,11310479,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ScαяєCяσω,"The game play is great, but there is next to zero character development."
,Not Recommended,239160,13809583,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,celly,"The first thief games were great so I don't know what happened to this one. The story and dialogue was not very good. It had the potential to be a good game, but it ended up very poor. If you want a game similar to this that is actually good, I would try Dishonored."
,Recommended,239160,14092382,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,hoimingmissile,"First impression:Not total garbage.I'm surprised! You and I both expected me to flat-out dislike this game because I'm a long-time fan of the franchise, didn't we? But it really isnot total crap.As far as I'm concerned, all references to ""classic Thief"" elements such as the Hammerite symbol, the Keeper statuette, Garrett's mechanical eye, guards mentioning the word ""taffer, etc., they are all just nods and easter eggs paying homage to the original trilogy. There's some clumsy attempts to dovetail the rebooted universe with the old but it's too nonsensical to take seriously. And why use the name Basso for new-Garrett's fence? Why not use Cutty? Old-Basso was just a boxman (expert lockpicker).The city hub makes a return in Thief 4. I know some people who didn't mind it in Thief 3, but I know *nobody* who LIKED it. Its reuse here only served to pad gameplay time with tedious walking back and forth. Thief 2's ""Life Of the Party"" mission had Garrett traversing the city rooftops from his home all the way to Angelwatch. In that single mission alone, the world-building achieved by the things you witness and the conversations you overhear on the way to the actual mission area gave that Thief-universe more heart and soul than this entire game did for its own universe. I'll never forget the pejorative 'taffer' or the battle between the guards of Lady van Vernon's house and Master Willey's castle. A few weeks from now all I'll remember about Thief 4 is ""sloop"" and ""Garrett, I'm slipping!""Analogy time: This game is about as classic Thief as the movie ""World War Z"" was a faithful adaptation of the book, i.e. not even a little bit. Now, now, this is a reboot, sure, sure. I'm already accounting for that and I'm still making this statement! The thing they've created here does not inherit enough Thief-y essence to rightfully call itself a reimagination of the original intellectual property. This game and that movie should have no right to affiliate themselves with those respective IPs. The only reason they have each done so is because their creators did not have faith in their products to stand alone on their own merits."
,Recommended,239160,11988875,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DovahNiik,"Being an old-school Thief fan, I was ecstatic to get my hands on this game. I wasn't the biggest fan of Deadly Shadows because of the third-person change so I'm glad they kept it first-person and I really like Garrett's modelling. Very cool.The whole game is very 'Thief-esque' which I'm glad to see and I love the amount of things you can steal, since I'm a human magpie. The graphics are beautiful, the city is dark but when you go inside, there's lots of colour and character in each place you visit. The story is fine, I enjoyed playing it out but the ending felt a little quick and anti-climactic, mostly the last scenes.There are only a few problems that I found with the game, and unfortunately some affect the game quite drastically - especially if you're playing the second time around to get every shiny you missed. Firstly, the mapping system is quite badly done, there's no names at all for any of the areas which is highly frustrating and would have probably made the fact that to get to most areas, you have to jump through people's windows and go through loading screens each time, a LOT less frustrating. It would be nice to know WHERE you are going. They probably would have been better off keeping a similar mapping system to the old Thief, they had labels and also showed you which parts of the level you've been to and which is undiscovered.Another problem is that to replay chapters, you have to find the place where you began that chapter - impossible since there's no labelling and quite a lot of chapters!Also, a minor issue really, but I would have really loved the word 'taffer' to make it back into Thief and maybe make the NPCs say a wider range of lines, they seem to be repeating the same ones over and over and it gets really frustrating.Despite the flaws, it's defintely a must-play, if you keep in mind that a lot of things are different. Including the lack of dagger/sword and a prompted blackjack instead of real-time. I'm not saying they affect the game much, they're just different.THe first-time playthrough is very interesting and I was engrossed in it for days, I enjoyed it that much. I just wouldn't replay it, even though I wanted to, because the mapping system made it a lot less fun than it could have been. As you can tell, I'm writing a mixed review here, which is sad for me since I am a huge fan of the Thief games."
76561198077710592,Not Recommended,239160,16285006,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Jordan,"I haven't played the other titles of this franchise game so i went into this with an open mind.  Honestly, i tried to like it.  I really did.  This game seriously is ""go from point A to point B"" on a grossly obvious linear path.  Whats the point of sneaking around if i can't even kill anyone? Maybe i havent got that far yet but, dang...i dont feel like a bad*** thief with supposed super-powers.  I feel this is a rip-off of Dishonored without all the coolness that embodies dishonored. However artistically speaking, this game is pretty gorgeous.  There are upgrades that make your useless abilities slightly better yet not enough where you would actually use them differently.  You can seriously run through this game bashing people in the face with your club and probably don't need to buy a single upgrade.  Im severely disappointed and won't be playing anymore of this.. :-("
,Recommended,239160,13953439,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,huffthenossi,Chapter 5 too spooky to progress
76561198081153820,Recommended,239160,13454042,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Maddy,"A great game for stealth lovers. I don't know why so many people didn't like honestly. I may not know the other games, but this one certally entered on my favorite list of games."
76561198083427752,Not Recommended,239160,12043491,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,elliotcky,"this game seemed fun but it was a 'thief' when i was pickpockecting it wil crash. and everytime, i will cryi cry everytime it crashes."
,Not Recommended,239160,27410177,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MyNicknameIsLongerThanYours,The only good thing about the game is that if you have an ATI/AMD GPU it can be used as a Mantle benchmark.
,Recommended,239160,10487934,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,raixel,"This review is in progress and will be publicly uploaded when Ive finished. Finished review below.I can't play the game - after trying and trying I had to give up due to the non-mappable controls and my physical limitatrions. It seems a good game, so I'm going to give it a recommended. But my original review still stands. Its a console port, and it shows. If you (like me) absolutely need mappable controls for whatever reason, you won't like this - and I cant recommend it in that case.DEVS- MAKE THE CONTROLLER MAPPABLE. THIS IS NOT A FREAKING CONSOLE._______________________________________________________________________________Note: I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell whenever a dev (especially an AAA dev) is too lazy to include controller mapping in their PC games. Ive posted and wrote about this many times before. I hate to have to beat the dead horse again, but - TO ALL DEVS: For people with limited use of some of their fingers or hand(s) mappable controllers can be the difference between being able to enjoy a game and walking away in frustration.Thats the reason why a lot of people with physical issues play PC instead of consoles, the extreme customizability of inputs. For you to not take the extra time to make the controller maps customizable is just stupid. Now I have to go spend time screwing with JoytoKey/all the other key-to-controller progs and that never works as well as native controller support and is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not going to let it influence my review because for most people its a minor issue, but if you are like me and need the customizability of a fully mappable controller, you might take this into consideration."
,Not Recommended,239160,16611293,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tandor,"Not a great game. It gives you the illusion of ""open world"" but it couldn't be more of a lie. There is basically one way to get through each level. It feels much to rigid to be fun. Thanks for getting another Thief game out there, but the developers should have put a little more time into the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,239160,17589095,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Remi,"This game is bad, not only because it's a bad game but because it was so disappointing to see the Thief name thrown on this garbage."
76561198071704577,Recommended,239160,15080727,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sora,I like it though it seems a lot of older fans to the series do not. ( i haven't played any of the other games in the series) some of the sneaking is silly though even on the hardest difficulty
76561198190225321,Recommended,239160,17067909,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Pinkamina Diane pie,its good but expensive and buggy. ps4 has better quality and les bugs. but in pc is good but need good cpu or fix bugs. would buy it if it was in special deals. 8/10
76561198068407152,Recommended,239160,16986324,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Garps,"Thief, a stealth based composed of multiple settings and scenes that conflict in the point of interest for the player. Thief's time is set to be in both medieval / modern century with electricity and fire with alot of sword play. This game will keep you on your toes most of the time and has an interest in horror.Characters and AI: You are Garret, the master thief, king of rats. Master of stealth and loves to steal things. Yet you have a heart for the city in which you live in, making your actions duable in the sence that you are the good guy.Eren: A young woman who partners up with Garret and ♥♥♥♥s everything up in the begining.AI: The AI are ok and someare scary, never the less they have a specific pattern in which they move and can't seem to see♥♥♥♥♥♥in the dark unless they are really close.The game is very detailed to the biggest of buildings to the finest crack in a piece of wood. It looks beautiful. But it's always dark. This game also likes to jump around in the story, linking things from the past to the future, which is really cool and all, but lacks interest and a sence of excitement. Only a few scenes in the game were actually really good, but other than that it's a very slow game. After a few missions, instead of sneaking passed the gaurd, you start to kill them in glorious fashions, reducing the amount of time, but killing the experience and atmousphere.Combat and movement: The moevment is fine the there are issues with the combat and climbing. When it comes to seriously climbing stough, the character can't seem to do what you want him to do even though the objective is right infront of you. It's frustrating. And the combat sucks, whenever you dodge, you get hit, making it even more frustrating. So for those who want to play this game, make sure you have a good computer! This game will lag alot if you don't and get ready to take things slow, don't rush them."
,Recommended,239160,16802272,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,itsACoppa,"its alright, i'd wait for a sale though"
76561197970369855,Not Recommended,239160,35480022,Posted: 4 October,all,DH|Saintfanny,"Its just not enjoyable.Ive tried to give it a go, i love all the other thief games but this is so linear is scary.Got to mission 4 and uninstalled."
76561198145326492,Recommended,239160,21138961,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Darius,"This game definitely dosen't deserve all the negative press it's getting. Yes, it has flaws. Yes, it differs in many ways from the original games. However, it still offers an amazing stealth experience in a victorian setting, and it has great optimization for PC. A must-buy, especially when it's on sale."
,Recommended,239160,10487229,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Wolf(TechFreak),"The game was a bit difficult because the combat system is not ment for you to run around shooting people with arrows. I believe that multiple systems should of be incorporated so that those who enjoy runing into groups of enemys could of used sepparate mehods to survive, but the storyline was fantastic."
76561198055795011,Recommended,239160,20977532,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,↓ʘmega↑,2 cups of atmospheric settingA cup of shaky voice actingA stick of replayabilityA dash of managable challengeBest enjoyed at midnight with Seagram's and Coke.
,Recommended,239160,10301404,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Anna,Juegazo:D
76561198202074339,Recommended,239160,19263522,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,† Mich@el †,runhidestick to the shadowsclimb to the topkeep runningkill some in your waynever stop killingtry not to kill any onefill your pocketsgo under groundmeet some monstersfind out that they are dam hard to killmore runningnever step into the light////// WATS YOURS IS MINE ////
,Recommended,239160,15085818,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Eltonsolid,Muito Bom !
,Recommended,239160,29695710,Posted: 4 February,all,Fiveros™,+
,Recommended,239160,9402307,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Tokyo Sexwhale,"Best game ever, looks amazing even on low graphics, good story, amazing mechanics."
76561198069242753,Recommended,239160,9708421,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,(SHD) Agent Vigilante,this game is better then other game
76561197973506808,Recommended,239160,9886079,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Loken,"Slightly above average OK. The story was more ""fantasy"" than I thought it to be and felt a bit weird in the end (asylum horror, wtf hey?!?). In the beginning of the game I tried to stealth the missions but in the end I just knocked out/killed everything, maybe not so Thief'y.  I dont get to aggro about the simplified stealth system like many do (its a game after all) but the surroundings/levels could be more different in style. Nice gfx although. The sound and speech was OK but sometimes not in level (either too low or too high).Some highs; flight over alduin(sic?) bridge, flight from the architect tower, boss fight with the general and some lows; opening windows (omg annoying!), most side missions (you get so many coins anyway you dont feel the need to compete them)7/10"
76561198059236693,Recommended,239160,10484645,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,005,good game
,Recommended,239160,9717090,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Mortarion,Who keeps leaving their silverware on the ground?
,Recommended,239160,9274180,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tachyon Storm,"Long-awaited, but didn't let me down. It has the same feel as the previous Thief titles and then some.  Definitely worth playing.  In the dark.  Just make sure to set an alarm, or the sun will be rising sooner than you expect it to."
,Recommended,239160,9318571,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,sulky,"I heard a lot about the new thief before buying it but thought I should make up my own mind and played it myself.I played about 10 hours to beat the games main storyline including a few sightseeing trips and sidequest. So 50 bucks for 10 hours is not really worth it for me.Why did I recommend it? Scroll down to the bold text. :D-Spoilers up ahead-I like the thief franchise but I would not really put it under that name.Playing the first few chapters you get the feeling this might become an okay game but around the third chapter you kind of start giving up on it. Specially when Zombie/Falmer/Weeper guys start appearing with a super lame and poor explanation of how they came to be.It was really confusing for me since it feld like they didn't quite know what type of game they wanted it to be. Sometimes I felt like it wanted to be a stealth type game then it felt like it wanted to be pure action..suddenly it tries to be a really weird horror game with mentioned above Falmer type creatures that might have been taken from Skyrim.I do know that people who developed Dishonored also worked with Thief before and I don't know if the storylines from both games were created simultaneously but I got to be honest..Thief has Gloom and Dishonored had the rat plagueThief has Freaks and Dishonored had the WeepersThief has the Blind Begger Queen and Dishonored had Granny RagsThief had Erin taken away but guiding you through the world Dishonored had the Empress and later the heartThief takes you to the Primal World in Dishonored you were taken into the VoidThief has the Thief Taker General and Dishonored had Slackjaw - both resembling Bill the Butcher from Gangs of New York.Its not always entirely the same in the way they act of function but it is quite close.I have to say I played Dishonored for hours and hours and I could continue doing so but with Thief that is not the case.The chapters were fast, linear and the guards had a really bad AI.Non the less it was an okay game just not worth that amount of money. So I will give it recommendation if you:- Get it when its on sale- and don't expect a game that feels like one of the Thief ones.If you don't expect that and you only pay..let's say 20 bucks.. it's a game you can enjoy for a little bit while you have a few hours time(edit: did some formatting)"
76561198032867746,Recommended,239160,9272851,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Garlic Nut,Totally for sure good
,Recommended,239160,9368307,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,freefallforall,"es gud gayum, u shud buy;3"
,Recommended,239160,10820707,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vinn,Love the story of the game and the way it plays. The game is sort of a mix between Assassin's Creed and Dishonored.
76561198094572543,Not Recommended,239160,11233438,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jacob Carroll,It glitched in the third chapter and I couldn't get past the part where you needed 4 symbols but it wouldn't let me get the 4th one! That was 40 bucks wasted!!
,Recommended,239160,13346171,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,pastard,"I haven't played the other Thief games, but I LOVE this game! There's so much to do and many places to discover. Recommended, at least if you haven't played the other Thief games."
76561197970903125,Recommended,239160,23121596,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tone71,"I really wanted to like this game, having enjoyed previous Thief titles, but sadly it wasn't to be. Although the game looks great and does play quite well, I never really felt like I was the Master Thief, fleet of foot and all but invisible amongst the shadows. No, for the most part I felt clumsy and lacking the dexterity necessary to remain undetected; ledges and boxes that I'm sure had been reachable and climbable in previous areas, suddenly seemed to become impossible obstacles, for one of such talent, and running, climbing, traversing the rooftops and skulking in shadows never seemed to flow as smoothly as intended.Bothersome game mechanics can often be overlooked for the sake of a good storyline but sadly Thief let me down in this area too. From the intriguing, via the confusing, to the ridiculous, I have been left thinking ""I'm still not sure if I even know what just happened there"".So, why the recommendation? Well, Thief isn't a bad game, and for a fair, low coinage can potentially provide good value hours of distraction for many, even enjoyment for some, just not for me."
,Recommended,239160,21925802,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Thief 2014 is a newest title in Thief franchise, which consists of First-Person Action-Stealth games. It was developed by Eidos Montreal and published by Square Enix and was released in 2014. With PC version done by Nixxes. It's supposedly a reboot of a series, as evidenced by lack of any number or sub-title. But since no one in the world likes such reboot title fancyness, it shall enjoy ""2014"" at the end of it!It also was released for Xbox 360, Xbox One, PS3 and PS4. They are all similar and consoles didn't have any exclusive content, so be happy with PC version.Though, technically, while I didn't encounter any problem, but a friend told me that he couldn't get past the first level because it kept crashing to him. So eh, watch out.Game has one of the best custom difficulties in recent gaming. You can add out of 12 various challenges, even the Ironman mode and the one that fails missions if you get spotted.Sadly, they seem to be added after levels were done, so there will be quite a pain in some places with all those additional challenges, especially if you aim to get 100% loot.Oh yes, and you can disable any HUD feature. Though it's not something I would recommend. Map marker only helps in The City. And it doesn't pinpoint each step in the missions either. And hey, they have side-effect of letting you know where there are poitns of no-return, so players can go check other rooms for bonuses first.Also be wary of disabling HUD for minigames. Game cleverly uses gamepad's rumble for both, but with kb+m you don't have it. While pickpocket one still shows the Garrett's hand twitching when you are in the right spot, there is no visual or audio indication for frame-searching one.Plotwise, you are still a master thief and you are still in The City. And it's still a mix of the Dark Fantasy and Steampunk. Albeit more on Medievel. At least it's not blue-cartoonish-dark-fog-of-blandness of Thief 3, so here is that.It's actually a sneaky sequel and not reboot. If you look at all the hints in papers that you collect, then you will figure out that the events of original Thief trilogy are still considered, but game takes place few ages later and it's a different Garrett, who is damn cool batman-ninja. Sadly, it never comes into play in plot. And some people who aren't aware of it are wondering why Garrett behaves differently.That, and the setting of this part seem to lack any strong personality. Pagans are gone, Hammerites are gone, Keepers are gone. Instead we just get unexciting, albeit stylish, guards and mercenaries.And it's quite a shame. Because there are a lot of potential hinted, even in papers that you find. Even concept art on loading screens shows off more crazyness going on than in actual gameplay. Adn art-books also shows off more of awesomenss that wasn't done.Heck, it even gives impression of rushed or unifnished game. For example the shieldman guard was seen only in two cutscenes in a whole game. I was waiting for him to show up during gameplay all those times, it really could use dangerous foe for variety. Or just the way that cutscenes seem to jump around and not fit. Like, in one moment Garrett is talking underground with one of the character, in next moment it shows him pass out under the open sky.Should I say that plot itself, while interesting and has potential, seem to be weak, especially with motivator that doesn't work at all. Exciting parts are still exciting tho. Good finale too, by Thief games merits.Gameplay itself on other hand is pretty awesome for what it is. Thief brings new elements in franchise that make a lot of sense. Like, you can actually peek into the doorlock to see what is on another side. There are small minigame of switch searching that also helps with making it feel more of full of secrets. Lockpicking is the better version of Thief 3 one, in that instead you have to press button instead of just waiting for it to accept position and if you do a mistake then it will make a loud sound.Heck, I even like how it decided to limit amount of normal arrows that you can carry so you will not go on headshtting spree as much as used to be able to. Instead you got lots of blunt arrows. And vases everywhere to shoot at to make sounds.Not to mentioning that the whole movement feels so good and smooth, it will make Thief 3 look like nothing but a bad nightmare. HA!This Garrett has new abilities as well. Swoop is a silent low-stance dash that feels incredible nice to use. However you would be fool to use it over broken glass or near raven cages, not to mentioning that Garrett gets tired ot running and dashing after awhile. And yea, this game has caged animals that act as either sound detectors or visual detectors.Focus is a special mode that you can activate and uses energy that doesn't auto-regenerate. You can upgrade it to do some fancy stuff, like slow down time when aiming with bow, most of which will zap energy at huge rate. But it's basic function is highlighting objects as well as showing connection from traps to the device that can disable them, which is often also a fair game as there are often no other hints. And it doesn't spoil puzzles in general.And yea, it does have some nice puzzles. I felt proud after figuring out some safes combinations. Heck, I even had to think ""how do I get there"" when it comes to getting into some houses in The City hubs. Shame that The City is a bit more lifeless than in Thief 3, but the verticality and ability to find alternative ways more than make up for it. That, and the world in hub and missions is incredibly detailed, while also giving you feel of thievery and that it's full of secrets, with lots of traps placed around.It may be a turn off for many, but yes, levels here are more linear than what used to be. Not that it's all that much different from other games. Personally, I prefer good-paced linear levels over ""sandboxes"" or ""let's hope something interesting happens in these huge maze of corridors"", not to mentioning that level designers still knew what they were doing, with interesting placements in each room, verticality and usual in-world-signs for places where you can climb and such. You can blame such preference on growing up with arcade-style games, yea.AI is also pretty good. Sadly, their audio perception got nerfed in no end. But as a tradeoff they got improved vision, in a sense that they can see in close front of themselves even in complete darkness. So hey, no more standing dumbly in center of patrol route in dark spot, knocking out people with blackjack into face. They also search better and behave more belivable-yet-not-too-powerful, so leaving safes open may not be as harmless.Action phase is also done great. Garrett, person who is kinda against killing, finally figured out how to use blackjack effectively in combat so he still has chances to technically not kill the person. Fights has a balance where you can take one on one anybody with skill. But it's not Batman or Assassin Creed, enemies don't take turns in attacking. Melee guards also can throw knives at you if you are out of reach and running away feels more exciting, especially with dat music.And yes, music is awesome. Ambience could be improved, but action ones are top notch. On another hand, sounds and voice are the mess. Like walking over some carpet still makes standart floor sounds. Or two persons can stand in same spot, talking with each other, while having different volumes.Challenge mode is kinda there. It's pretty nice, but isn't replayable too much due to lack of randomization. Only special loot changes in one of the modes. Takedown penalty is also isn't big, the benefit of grabbing loot without obstacles and thus keeping maximum chain bonus is too huge.But yea, it's flawed, it had potential, but it's still an awesome game and I had fun. Could be better. They need to make an improving sequel and call it Garrett: The Rise of the Master Thief X. And then go funky."
76561197987867484,Recommended,239160,23195230,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,computertech82,"I've played all the thief series. Back in their days they were good, except 3, which fell short. I wouldn't call this thief the best, but it's not the worst either. The graphics is pretty good, ok story. It's worth it AT A DISCOUNT."
76561198114527058,Recommended,239160,10224421,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,duckfrey,i know it says a thumbs up for the recomendation but i have to say the game is so so i played the first too games and liked them alot more then the new one wich sucks because you hope to se a game be one uped by the next game there are no wepones for you to fight the gaurds with wich means if you get caught you are most likly going to die and have to restart from last save i have not beat the game because it got very boring and old i have to give the game a 4 out of 10
,Recommended,239160,10486087,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ruke,"Thief hasn't gotten very good reviews: mediocre at best.  However, I'm enjoying it quite a bit.  There are some major bugs throughout the game, as well as some story plot-holes.  That said, the atmosphere is gorgeous, the world quite enjoyable and I'm loving the challenge.I recommend it when it goes on sale.  Immediate comparisons are to Dishonored but I would say that, while this (so far) falls short, it's definitely worth your time if you enjoy those games.  There's room enough for both series in the covert-FPS, RPG genre.  Yey for Thief."
,Recommended,239160,10489756,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,{TAW} The Arkham Knight,"This game is ok if you like Medvial like games. There are some lag between timeing of the voices. You might have to do some resetting's while you play. But over-all it's a ok game, it's not bad ,but it's ok. Different from any game I ever had play in my life.  Only buy it if your sure your going to play it. I rate this game 6.7/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,11040813,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Humility of Humanity,"Decent Game, worth playing, but has many plot holes and events that dont make sense in conjunction. But, regardless the story has good heart and if u can get past the flawed story then you will like the game because the mechanics and graphics are both amazing. I would recommend this to anyone if they have played all of the other better games i can think of. Worth buying and playing for hlaf price, but i recommend using your money better. 6.5/10 (a decent review from me)"
,Recommended,239160,11961495,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,TinHatTemplar,There is a good game in here. You can find it when you are sneaking around and using your gadgets just likee the old theif games. There is enough side missions to keep you entertained and the playthrough is a long one if you go the completionist route.I know this game went through a pretty heavy redesign at one point and I can't help but feel that a lot of the exposition was cut out in favor of streamlining the game to fit the mass market. This is a huge mistake on square enixs part. The world and story of the theif games are the true standouts in this game world and to see huge parts of the story streamlined just to sell is big oversight.What was in the book? Why wasn't Orions motivations explored more. There are tons of great questions but those are the only two I can think of that don't really give away any plot. It's a shame in a game this good that this game went the easy narrative route and really left out the philosphical war going on for control of the city. That was the true star of the show and it feels like it was just thrown out the window.Oh yeah. The menu system sucks. Terrible. Horrible.I still recommend picking it up on a steam sale just so you can have a little fun and see what could have been.
,Not Recommended,239160,11980495,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Nimrod,"Das Spiel hat nichts mehr mit der Serie zu tun. Die Fraktionen gibt es nicht mehr, die Level sind schlauchig und das Gameplay eher öde."
,Not Recommended,239160,13189518,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"I decided to ignore the ""It's nothing like the classic thief"" comments, and take the game for what it is.And what it is, is a mediocre, if not downright terrible stealth game.First of all, the game is very linear. The game is designed in a way that even if it looks like there are 3 different paths to take, there's only one that really works.The sound design is absolutely abismal. People who are far away will sound like they're right next to you, even if they're in a whole other room. This leads to a lot of frustrating instances, where your cover is blown by enemies you thought where much further away. Not to mention it basically ruins any attempt for the game to establish the dark atmosphere it's going for.The combat is really stupid too. You basically press R, then hold Q when it tells you to. It really only gets difficult when you're fighting groups of 3 or more. At that point you might as well restart the checkpoint, because they will mob you. You could just kill them with your arrows, but since arrows are the only items that let you interact with the environment, you'll waste your most valuable tool for getting through the mission.I really wanted to like this game. The graphics are amazing, the animation is spot on, and the controls are tight.But the game is just about ruined by the lazy design."
,Not Recommended,239160,32419517,Posted: 14 June,all,FuckingStevenGlansburg,Great way to show off your graphics card. terrible way to have fun.
76561198084529762,Recommended,239160,9619921,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,LuckySl7vin,"Worth the time for a discounted price.... 7.5/10If you are into stealth games, Thief might be the game for you.  However, do not be confused in thinking that this game is similar to other popular stealth titles like Splinter Cell, Dishonored, or Hitman.  Thief is a game for stealth purists, that is, the only truly gratifying way to play this game is to remain invisible for the entire time.  Otherwise, Thief is a rather bland experience.While Thief presents a fairly solid all-around stealth title, there are a few things that I would like to point out that contributed to me rating it as low as I did.  There are two major categories for these gripes.  First, are the problems with the storyline and characters.  If you are looking for a Tom Clancy storyline, an epic struggle of good and evil, or a heartpounding journey into darkness for the main character, you are going to be sad you ever bought this game.  Plain and simple, the story sucks balls.  It is extremely bland and underdeveloped.  In contrast to titles like Dishonored which had a very deep and compelling storyline, Thief comes off like corn flakes without milk-- just stale, boring, and hard to swallow.  Add in the terrible voice acting and this feels more and more like one of those Japanese titles that was voiced over poorly and never quite communitcated the storyline that the devs wanted it to deliver.  Still, depsite not caring about the story at all, the game can be quite enjoyable which speaks to the level of difficulty involved in stealing as much loot as possible while remaining completely hidden.The second major flaw is concerning basic game mechanics.  There are several issues here that really ruin the fluidity of the game and cause the player to undergo unnecessarily frustrating moments trying to get the game to do what it should do.  First, the mapping system sucks.  As a quasi-open world title, it is important to have the ability to quickly get the player where they want to be.  Good luck with that.  Each sublevel is designed like a maze with almost no help (other than an objective marker) to guide you.  The map has symbols on it, but there are no legends telling you what each symbol means.  Also, you can have a popup map in the corner of the screen, but it only shows the local area and is relatively useless when trying to traverse from one sub-level to another.  This can mean spending tons of time simply trying to figure out where the hell to go to get to where you need to be.  Annoying.  This game desperately needs a Dishonored type system where an arrow appears and points you in the right direction and allows the player to keep their bearings.  Hopefully this is something they patch in later.Another flawed mechanic, is the way in which some of the windows, doors, and secret passages operate.  Activating some of these doors will instantly push you through them and then close the door behind you in a mini cutscene-like experience.  This can be very frustrating when trying to dodge soldiers looking for you as if you enter the wrong area you are essentially locked out of retreating right away.  Windows and sewer grates often close behind you immidiately after you enter them, which at the very least makes it extremely annoying to go back and forth.Lastly, whenever you pick up special items, there is a mini-cutscene where you cannot move your character.  This is extremely annoying when you are trying to grab an item in a room where enemies are present as you have to account for an extra 4-5 seconds after you retrieve the item because you just stand there looking at it like a schmuck after you pick it up.All in all, this is a good game but I shouldn't have paid full price for it.  Pick it up for $25 and it will be a good buy if you like stealth.  If not, stay far away."
,Recommended,239160,10488011,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,michael,"I have only started playing, so my review will be updated when finish the game. I never played previous Thief games, but even if some fans of the series felt disappointed with this installation, I believe the review must be about the game itself, and not its heritage. After all, it's a reboot. So far I'm enjoying it; it doesn't blow my mind, but it doesn't annoy me. It's against murder, which is nice, and even if thieving is immoral, well, frankly it feels much less criminal than those endless cash registers in Bioshock. The graphics are well made, character movements do not cause dizziness, it's a well made game. Worth getting with a discount, for sure. I'll write more when I finish it.Update: I'm still playing the game, now after a GPU upgrade it became evident that it is much more enjoyable with a higher frame rate. However, two flaws are also evident: controls and sound bugs. During a chase scene I had a considerable difficulty getting hero to run and jump when needed. The sound system is buggy - phrases are either not heard, or heard too loud, or cut off, etc. But on balance, the game is enjoyable and different enough to be a memorable experience. I still recommend it."
76561198093469347,Recommended,239160,10989368,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,JohnBobbyTables,"If this game is on sale, it is definitely worth picking up. Yes this game does have it's issues:- Main story doesn't make a lot of sense- Main story is pretty short- Sometimes the dialog lags behind character mouth movements- Audio is not balenced well (impossible to tell where enemies are by listening)That said, this game was still worth my time. I will definitely be taking it through another playthrough, which I cannot say about many games. The gameplay is very interactive and everything flows pretty smoothly.Also I recommend playing on the hardest difficulty, because I played on the 'normal' difficulty and it was way to easy."
76561197984060476,Not Recommended,239160,18773648,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Louhi,"Just finished the game and I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.  This game is painful. So damn painful. Story is bad, characters feel empty and forced and the dialogue is not good. No. Just no."
,Recommended,239160,18461727,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Neurotic,The Great Game - sneaky beaky like
76561198018876785,Recommended,239160,14927019,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Adiztor,7.0 out of 10
,Recommended,239160,15618953,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Purana SSJ Blue,"Note: I only review when I finish the game.I don't understand why I saw so much bad reviews about this game, I enjoyed it! Of course it has your issues, like it is somehow repetitive and the environments are very alike. It tired of exploring and collecting so much gold in any corner, opening or unlocking lockers, closets etc. At some points it seems the game loses its theme, but beyond all of that, it is a good stealth game, well developed with a good gameplay. I identify myself with the Garrett's lonely and dark style. I also recommend for those who likes Dishonored style, and finally I could skip the ending credits! 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239160,17078965,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Troldebusk,Game is Good
,Recommended,239160,16955132,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,~#PrepareToDine~!,"Coming from a person who has never played another Thief game in his life, this game feels like a linear version of Dishonored. It's not bad, I like on-rails games sometimes, but there's really nothing keeping me on it. I would like to get back into it at some point. I got it in sale for like 5 or 10 dollars, I don't remember, but I would have given the 20 they offer it up for now on consoles just so I could sell it back later to someone. It's a pretty good game, but I don't think it would be a keeper for me. 7/10"
76561197983311980,Recommended,239160,13964561,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,sovietreunion,"Thief is a good start for the reboot of the series. Its not nearly as bad as many people say it is.Good:+Solid mechanics+Atmospheric+Nice graphics and art design+Custom difficulty options+Solid sound design (not music tho)Bad:-Runs out of steam in the second half due to repetition-Not enough flexibility to the level design in missions-Story is a mixed bag, but delivered rather poorly-Music does not fit the game at all, specifically when the action heats up, this is a damn medieval game! not splinter cell...Overall I enjoyed the game but like I said it got tiring by the last 2 or 3 levels. I recomend this game when on sale."
,Not Recommended,239160,20191732,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[H.Y.M] Wolves,"It's like all the budget went into 1st person character mechanics / movements... and the story, voice acting, level design etc were just ignored.All the levels look the same, some just look pretty awful, rushed and cheaply made... It doesn't feel like a thief game at all...This seems like mad cash was made from a title's hard earned reputation, cash I'd like back..."
76561198067478543,Recommended,239160,10493835,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,The Poundland Thief,I managed to kill someone with a bat thing no longer than the tip of my middle finger to my elbow when they had a massive sword.9/10
,Recommended,239160,14266793,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,3RDplayer,"Had to cut this Review down due limit. Find the full review here:http://wp.me/pFokh-TZ==More Deadly Shadows than Thief 1-3==Should the new Thief be compared to the old Trilogy or rated on its own merit? Let’s be honest here, it can’t be compared to the first two entries of the series, since it looks like most inspiration was found in the third game Deadly Shadows. One example is the return of the city hub in which Garrett sells loot and buys equipment for the next mission. The new hub is even more filled with interactive windows and doors and features much acrobatic jumping, climbing on roofs, bars and ladders. The by series-veterans well known Thieves-Highway makes a return too, but this time it is much more present and reachable. The downside to the new hub is that instead of eavesdropping on conversations or gathering information from documents to learn about hidden stashes, Garrett now receives small, how I call them “city-missions” from his only fence Basso. Every valuable Garrett picks up will magically transform into gold right away.Instead of “city-missions”, why didn’t they create more of the most to the old titles upliving client-jobs? These client-jobs throw you into a, from the hub separated small area, where you have to steal something from an engineer’s house or to solve a maze of puzzles to snatch the big loot and even reward you with a statistics screen. This could be a sign of rushed development to make the game arrive on next-gen consoles as soon as possible.The other example why Thief 4 reminds me about Deadly Shadows is the way how stealth mechanics work. So what mechanics do we got here? The use of shadows, sound and line-of-sight. The three phases of visibility, named pitch black, bright light and maybe-maybe-not-visibility, exploited in a blue-yellow colored environment. Then there is advanced line-of-sight and dynamic shadows. Garrett can now pick the pockets behind a guard having a conversation faced to another as well as stay hidden in a shadow created by other moving NPCs or objects. This grants the, from Deadly Shadows familiar feel of moving through the city hub in a good way by learning and soon knowing patrol-routes and what shadows have the best effect on the way.==Sound Design==This was written before multiple patches fixed most of the sound:I can’t say that the sound design of Deadly Shadows, and even previous titles had a comeback. Thief 4’s sound design is a mess. Not only did they remove any different sound creating surfaces, they even taffed up the rules of physic itself. It doesn’t matter how many walls are between you and the next person. Sometimes you hear someone talking, almost screaming directly into your ear, even though the sound-source stands in a house, countless meters away on the other side of the hub. Some other times you have someone talking to you while you think the person speaks to you through three or more walls between you.I accept the mechanic of modern stealth games that walking crouched all the time eliminates making noise equal on which surface the player moves on, since line of sight became a bigger factor nowadays. But Thief should live from that kind of stealth-mechanic and the new game just doesn’t have enough surfaces that need to be taken care of. There is only broken glass and less than 2 pools of water. But there are much more surfaces and even objects already in the game that have no effect, but easily could have attached a fitting sound source to them: Clanky metal gratings, countless pools of water, piles of leaves and floor tiles, lose standing vases, brooms and buckets.==Stealth==Hiding in the shadows and avoiding threats is the most fun part of Thief 4. I like playing ghostly. And maybe it is exactly this playstyle the game supports and makes me feel home and accepting Thief 4 as true Thief experience. This brings me to the level design. It’s true, the levels don’t feel like places but overall they are good designed levels. Equal which kind of playstyle you choose, the levels are built, so any of it can flawlessly be achieved.==Lore/Story==Thief 4’s lore feels like as if it plays 300 years into the future, with all new Garrett and Basso. The Baron returned from the war with a different kingdom or City  But as far as I know, it might not even be the old Baron, following the plot, he and his brother could be descendants of the old Baron. Same goes with Erin that could be the little girl from Deadly Shadows, but might be a descendant of the girls family instead.The new lore got no drive, no deep insights and feels so generic and uninspired. This also affects the story and plot that unfolds while playing the game until it’s not satisfying finale. Cutscenes feel out of place, dialogs have no meaning. Garrett himself could be any generic superhero like Batman, waiting in his cave (in Garretts case the old clocktower) for a job from a trusted friend.==Conclusion==Well should you play the game? Yes you should, because the gameplay is solid, even though it sometimes feels unfinished. Especially if you’re a stealth purist, then I certainly say yes. If you are a story purist, then you won’t find a good story here. The story is right out♥♥♥♥♥♥ How much money should you pay for Thief? Well, I’d say don’t buy it full prize, buy a budged version or wait for any special edition or directors cut if there will be any. But how I know SquareEnix, they will find a way to sell the same game twice."
,Not Recommended,239160,9668236,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,z e p t i k a,"Thought this game would be an open stealth game where you matter like Dishonored but no, this game is so closed down and just boring that its not fun to play. The only reason to get this game is for the TF2 hats which really isnt worth so just dont buy this game its really bad"
76561198020171286,Recommended,239160,11076505,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,A Turkey Sandwich,"The game is good, but it's not taht good. i bought it when it went on sale. It doesn't ahve the same cahrm as the first thief so i think ofait as a bad reboot. wait for it to go on sale for less than $15 before you get it"
,Recommended,239160,15749375,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,塔林遗孤二皇子,NICE ACTWORSE RPG
,Not Recommended,239160,14092861,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dima,"Well where to begin? first of all, what was the point of all the endless animations? to draw you away from the fact that the gameplay was as remarkable as vanilla ice cream?  i dont think i used the arrows for ANYTHING in this game.  just swoop and hide. but thats ok, because there were plenty of animations to keep me engaged!the level design was an atrocity.  memory leaks, stuttering, lack of exploration options (except when doing a side mission, whoop dee doo) lack of free arrows, etc.  Worst of all, in an era of gaming where open world level design is not only very possible, but is becoming the standard (with Skyrim, a 3 year old game, as a good example of what to aspire to), it is flat out embarassing to have so many loading screens and points of no return. i cannot believe they actually had the nerve to charge full price for this garbage. also, no jumping? what a joke. and the rope arrow thing is just inexcusable.  anyhow i digress.of course the sound design stands out as the strongest evidence that the dev team simply did not give a damn about quality in this game.  and the writing is absolutely pathetic.  there seems to be no clear beginning middle or end, just a series of disjointed events that dont provide any kind of catharsis, or even a relationship with the back story, mainly because there simply is no back story.  everything from T1 and T2 was completely ignored, i cant even understand how this game can be part of the Thief franchise.i thought the art design was terrific, very detailed and atmospheric.  however, this seemed to be 90% of what the budget was spent on, and when the dev team was given a deadline they quickly cobbled together some linear levels and a cramped hub map and slapped the Thief name on it.  this game was an utter joke, i didnt enjoy DXHR for many of the same reasons and i hope eidos montreal just goes away and is never trusted with making another game after this mess."
,Recommended,239160,19255007,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,i throw rocks at kids,getting around the map to locactions sucks all the alleys are the same you crawl through lift up a  pole bad par)(stealthing is really fun and it can be challenging sneaking around behind guards to kill or steal their wallet  all in all its a really good game
,Recommended,239160,19263174,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,red.rahloo,"game is cool , if u into stealthy thing its good time to zerg it for 10$its worth it ... infact i was waiting for it to be on sale"
,Not Recommended,239160,11971949,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Communist Gandalf,"Thief could be a good Game. There is only one way to beat the levels, so its very linear and the Story is boring too. Buy it for about 10€ (sale), but you won't miss anything, if you didn't played it."
,Recommended,239160,10951058,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gothic Man,"Great game for the original Thief fans. Although the style is a little darker, and garret looks more like a malnourished vampire, The game mechanics are fun and visceral, combat is challenging but fun once you get used to it. You can spend hours roaming the city streets and roofs, and taking on side quests. The game is nostalgic and very enjoyable.8/10"
76561198080745738,Not Recommended,239160,11219943,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,baltruce,Trully...i expected way more from a sequel to this cool series..too bad but I couldn't actually wait for it to be over..
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,239160,17650620,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"A large disappointment with a strange feeling of a linear design but, actually isnt' not sure if the design is to blame or other games.  With a strange skill system and horrible story makes this game a large waste of money."
76561197970784956,Not Recommended,239160,9489044,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Th3Pr0f,"Rather disappointing. The game shares very little with the original series other than the title and Garrett's name. For old fans of the series, I would not recommend the game unless it drops in price."
,Recommended,239160,9678548,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,falloutfusion,"I enojyed this game, but I can't really compare it to the wonderful original games of Thief. It has a very different feel, and is more comparable to a medevial Deus Ex: human Revolution than previous Thief title. The story is sloppy and has little explaination.Over all, 6/10. I would wait for this title to hit the $15 range before suggesting anyone buy it."
,Not Recommended,239160,10279140,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,spencer_l,"The graphics and mood of the game are great, but the gameplay is disappointing.  It's probably not fair to compare Thief to its other contemporary franchises, but it must be done; call it comparing oranges to tangerines if you like.  Thief feels like it’s two years behind what the Assassin's Creed (AC) franchise has innovated.  Thief lacks the immersion and vast scale of the AC maps and its story isn’t memorable.  Thief forces the player to follow limited and specific paths when working missions, so it can be frustrating being denied the freedom to try different ways of completing missions.I’ve enjoyed the Thief franchise, but I won’t lose any sleep if this is the end of it."
,Not Recommended,239160,10280584,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Index,"Very poorly done game. Incredibly linear, absolutely terrible stealth and movement system, walking felt like floating. Overall, not a game even remotely worth buying."
,Not Recommended,239160,11339334,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Brian LeFevre,"This game had a lot of potential but it lacked a lot of little things that would had made it much more enjoyable. First of all is the issue of it lagging, I've read it does that no matter the PC or even console. It gets really annoying. Having to sneak back and forth through the city gets very tedious and annoyed me to the point of not finishing the game. The stealth isn't that great and the combat is horrible, basically if you're seen by more than one guard, you're dead. It was a lot of fun for the first 5 hours, very Assassin's Creed style feel but with a setting in the industrial revolution era UK. Unfortuantly it was just not good enough to want to finish. I would not recommend it, unless you can get over that stuff and pick it up for every cheap."
76561198061342773,Not Recommended,239160,12006139,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Senzaii,"The game looks great, but the story, movement and combat is horrible. It's also one of those games where if you fail you have to start from the beginning again. I thought this game was going to be so awesome. Such a let down."
,Not Recommended,239160,9892760,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Jeck,"Way too costly for what it is. It's more like a mini game from Skyrim with really good graphics. The gameplay is repetitive, the story doesn't make up for it, and there's really not even an incentive to continue. You're better off buying Skyrim and just role playing as a thief. It would be basically the same gameplay, only you'd actually have other stuff to do as well."
,Not Recommended,239160,10869588,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cpacifying,"Thief: Deadly Shadowswas so good for its time that everyone understood - no matter what nextThiefwould be, it will be constantly compared with predecessor. To be successful, it is vital for it not to look bad in comparison.Designers bore that in mind. Almost every aspect of game has evolved.Gameplayhas been balanced, and now you cannot grab things instantly and without moving. Light gem mechanic was simplified, now containing only three distinct states (at first I was quite dissatisfied with this, though, as I saw later, it did not harm gameplay complexity). Imbalanced wall-flattening was removed, replaced by fixed location hiding places - empty closets. Focus feature introduction made gameplay more smooth, it is almost impossible to get stuck now (and, because Focus resource is quite limited, it was achieved without significant complexity loss). Ghost-Opportunist-Predator rankings is great and encourages rich non-linear gameplay. Combat is more dynamic and now, with proper player skill, Garrett poses real threat in one-on-one combat.Artis just great. Models, textures, sounds - everything is beyond expectations. I do not value these things much, so cannot tell deep detail, but even I can see work well done.Still, as you can see, I do not recommend this game. In evaluatingThiefI, like many others, compare it toDeadly Shadows. But from my point of view,Thiefloses the match with a huge score gap. This is because the things I liked inDeadly Shadowsthe most were theatmosphere, thestoryandcharacterswho acted in it.InThief, there is only one lively character for the whole game. It could be fine with a thieving game if it was protagonist. But no, it is a fence, Basso. To add insult to injury, Basso does practically nothing in whole storyline. Beside some quest-giving in beginning of game, his only appearance is in chapter four, where Garret has to rescue him from prison (a princess in tower could be there instead of Basso with no impact on the narrative). With no bright characters there is no bright story.Atmosphere is ruined. Introducing collectible sets is the most dubious thing, it turns Garret from cold-blooded and cold-minded thief into some short-sighted kleptomaniac, who stashes valuables worth thousands of coins in dirty destroyed clock tower for some unknown reasons.Remember brilliant mission in Shalebridge Cradle? Compare atmosphere in Cradle and in Moira Asylum. Compare mission narratives. Double facepalm is not enough to describe a feeling when you see a crude fake copied from masterpiece. This mission just should not have been added to the story. It looks worthless for those who playedDeadly Shadowsand loved it.All strong ideologies in the City are dead and this is explicitly shown to us: Keeper Library and Hammer Cathedral are abandoned and there is no trace of their inhabitants. Designers burned with desire to destroy the City as player remembers it, and this desire provoked blunders. Abandoned buildings look like they were abandoned for centuries, not for decades, with no rational explanation for that scope of destruction. The City is dead and agonizing, with no purpose to exist, which impacts on playing experience in form of question 'Why should I care and try to save it?' In urge to destroy, nothing was proposed in return. Designers performed just like Orion's revolutionaries - they kill all guards, set city on fire and then... nothing. It just stays burning forever, until you finally closeThiefto never run it again.Greatest forces you encounter are just some power-hungry feudal lords. Remember how exciting was first mission inDeadly Shadows, in Rutherford Castle, reading about all of those intrigues they were plotting against each other? And how worthless they all started to look when Keepers, Hammers and Pagans stepped on the stage? On day four or five you would not even remember that there are some 'Great Families' and that they mean anything in the City.Nothing like that anymore. You just stick to all those nobles' dirty underwear. No big ideas. Only realpolitik, only hardcore.Having read all above, you should understand why the story is primitive and predictable (and quite secondary too - revolution line looks like another crude fake copied from masterpiece - this timeDishonored).Thiefis another unfortunate example of a game that was created with huge budget and effort of specialists, but without aim to be a piece of art. It is good for killing time, but there is nothing truly beautiful in it. Just business.Do not have any illusions - it will not 'unfold in the end' likeBioshock Infinite. It will just fade away, leaving only one word afterwards.Disappointment."
,Not Recommended,239160,13419371,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,FrankTheTank,"The game starts off pretty strong, but for a game about a master thief, you do remarkably little stealing. The gameplay feels like a clunky, non-lethal version of Dishonored. Combat, when it happens, is always impossible to win and unforgiving. Stealth is awkward, however I did appreciate some elements, such as the water arrows for putting out lights. The storyline is really sort of bizzare and entirely unengaging, and the final level has two ""boss fights"" that are very poorly designed and not fun at all. By the end of this game, I really just wanted it to be over.If it's cheap enough, it's not a bad stealth game, all in all, if you can get past the clunkiness."
76561197998543413,Not Recommended,239160,9954209,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Winterfox,"This is a difficult review to write...Thief 3 being the only previous title of the series that I have played to completion, I find the latest lacking...It runs well enough once you get over the bugs that are still in and whilst the controls obviously originated for controllers not keyboards it is at times fun but I can't find it in me to properly recommend the game for the following reasons;1. quick time animations - immersion breaking at every opportunity2. looting - the hand grabbing is annoying, repetitive and the same sequence repeated over and over with no variation3. It doesn't feel like a Thief game. Remove it's past history and it would make an acceptable game, nothing more.4. it feels clunky when playing5. Poor story6. Bugs - particularly with sound"
76561198067220729,Recommended,239160,10633516,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,OatyGeets,"Great game, different from the oringinals to say the least."
,Not Recommended,239160,11011675,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Higgins,"This game is worse than♥♥♥♥♥♥ Plenty of games are♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this one insults a classic series that should of been left alone apparently.1. Garret is no longer a great main character, now he is a boring generic hero who could of been written by an 8 year old plagarizing Batman's wikipedia page.2. Giant sprawling complex levels made Thief I/II incredibly fun, now they are tiny rail roads where you can probably close your eyes, hold W, and clear a few missions.3. Free movement makes First-Person games more involving. When I'm standing next to a ladder and can't grab it as a super-human dexterious Thief. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't want to jump down to the floor to press E, than climb to the top to tap E to opena  window, and then press Q to watch a 2 hour cut scene of me choking someone out.I've never been so angry after playing a game in my life. This would be like if EA Sports made Half-Life 3."
,Not Recommended,239160,11013292,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,hesonur6,"very boring. The side missions are more intersting then the story. most side missions are go across the map and return. i know it's a stelth game, but combat is near impossible if you get into a fight with more then 2 guards. only 8 story missions, very short with out side missions."
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,239160,11066739,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Puddle,"This game lets it namesake down so much. To much scripted set pieces and hand holding, not enough puzzles and stealth. The story is just complete garbage and I doubt anyone will get enjoyment out of that aspect.The actual gameplay is very polished and feels very nice. The game looks very nice. I just wish they didn't suck so much at writing a good story or characters.Take the previous games stories and characters and apply them to this games engine and it would be fantastic."
76561197978461339,Recommended,239160,11194894,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Mr. Frostbite,"I do recommend this game by the thinnest of margins. For one, it has none Guard interaction we saw in the other Thief games that we all found so endearing. No Taffer talk or anything. WTF happened to Benny? Benny was funny and gave the game much needed humor.  All we get with this game is a lot of 'Sloop' and 'Polly Adler' talk. ""Oh my back aches,"" ""I think I'm coming down with something,"" ""I hope I don't catch the gloom..."" Holy crap, gimme a break!I have a good machine but I rarely have had as many glitches with game like this. Crash crash and crash again. I shoot a rope arrow, the rope uncoils - crash! Or while moving, the games freezes then crash! I'll exit a building, the game chuggs along like molassas in winter and slowly warms up to semi-normal speed and maybe or maybe I'll get a crash.Some of the cut-scenes went into fast forward mode like an old VHS tape; but yet the voices didn't. And other times, Garret would talk over himself. I'd get two script lines running at the same time. Or some NPC's would spout the same lines in near unison. In other words, this game has lots-o-bugs. Never saw this with Deus Ex: HR. It was evident that the team that gave this game a reboot had never played any of the other Thief games. If they had, this game would've been much much better. If when you buy this game, buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,239160,11310146,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,alanubis,"I was so excited when this game was first announced, but that excitement dwindled when it was eventually released to a cacophony of damning reviews. Regardless, I figured it would be worth the tenner I paid in the sale.It wasn't.This game, despite an obviously huge amount of effort on the developer's part, is unplayably awful.The AI is the worst I have ever seen in a stealth game. The guards don't see you even when they're staring straight at you as long as you're somewhere a bit dark. The controls are abominable, and clearly designed for consoles. The world is about as open as Microsoft Train Simulator and the 'swooping' animation every time you pick something up is unnecessarily nauseating.I've played this for a full hour and a half and I'm not sure I can stand any more."
76561198038049199,Recommended,239160,10646914,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jeffdiamondart,"I've played the first three Thief games, plus multiple fan missions through the Dark Circle, and I know the lore of the world in which the game takes place very well. Square and Eidos-Montreal did a good job, but not enough to bypass the originality, artistic beauty and emotional investment you can experience by playing Dishonored and its DLC (which I highly recommend) or the first three Thief games (the first two really, with the third as a neat tidy-up of the series).  That doesn't mean that this Thief is bad however; it is very good at times, but it's not a $60 game. It's a $30 game at best.Some observations.#1. The game is a graphics hog for no reason, leading to lots of texture popping.#2. Unfinished artwork/bad artwork: Unreadable posters; and a painter's house had house painting brushes that looked like they came from  modern hardware store. It was like a programmer cut and pasted in an ad image.#3. Uninspiring dialogue and cut-scene lipsyncing and audio drop problems.#4. A story that stmbles at times, but does manage to build nicely only to fall apart in the very last quicktime scene as being almost as non-sensical as the end of ME3.#5. NPC character models look alike and act lifeless via repetitive and non-varied animations. However, the dialogue heard through walls and windows is very good, interesting and life like.#6. The Queen of Beggars is a discount version of Granny Rags from Dishonored.#7. Basso is perfectly rendered, written and voice acted. He's exactly as I pictured him --better even. But even he seems slightly derivitive of the bus driver/gun dealer from Borderlands.#8. Sadly, Garrett is now a trout-shouldered French emo goth. He just doesn't look good. Also, he is now a man with two different colored eyes... and that's all for that. No reference to his mechanical eye. But on a positive note, the programmers at least kept him looking consistent throughout the game unlike in T3.#9. The villain thief catcher general is that butcher dude from Gangs of New York; he even wields a cleaver during one scene.#10. The City is beautifully depressing, but I find it difficult to believe that a religion as well-established as the Hammerites would simply just disappear in a decade. Economically and politically they are simply too strong to just be gone. The same goes for the Pagans.#11. A big plus for Garrett mentioning the Trickster at one point and evidence of the Hammerites having once existed is evident in the game at times. Even the influence of the Mechanists is stil evident. However, it also seems as though the lead writer and the other writers couldn't make up their minds. Thief lore is used as stage props that no one seems to know or understand well enough to use them effectively.#12. Garret's equipment gets a plus and a minus. The rope arrow is back, but now it can only be used in certain areas. The gas arrow doesn't knock people out anymore. Likewise, there's no sap. But... the claw is a great new addition. Creating a new item and having it fit so well into the lore of the game is a big plus, so good job there.Overall I'd say buy this game on sale. It is good. And if you do, some advice: Accept all of Basso's extra missions when he offers them so you won't have to keep going back to him, and then do them at your liesure throughout the game."
,Not Recommended,239160,12102083,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Clanner Jake,"its Crap based on this one HUGE design oversight..  quicksaves, if loaded, will overwrite all over chapter based auto saves.. so if you quicksave on chapter 2 and say, you are in mission 5 with no saves.. and you quickload.. guess how much progress you lost.."
76561198000890690,Recommended,239160,13628905,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Browbeat,"If you like Stealth Games in the style of Dishonored (and I freaking loved Dishonored and would recommend this aswell, if you haven't played it yet), Thief is really worth a look. Gave me 23 hours of extreme fun, for playing it through once.I'm even planning on playing it through again in the future, once I forgot the story a bit. :p"
,Not Recommended,239160,13931901,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,l2el3ecCa,"I'd say ""This game is Unfinished game""The Resource manager of game when loading in♥♥♥♥♥♥ When you finish loading. It's mean you must finish loading. But the game keep loading after the game start. Make the game freeze for a long time till you can play. and There's many point that a small path that game must lock the path to protect the slippy fall down for player. But no. Some path have it. But some it's not. Many time I slip and fall down easily just cause I stand still. but WTH? Master thief can slip down easily cause of I just turn around? ♥♥♥♥ that.The story seems to be good. But just almost. The storyline at te begining seems to be good but in the end it's pointless. Relationship about the character is really weak. Even enemy side nor friendly side.if you really really want to play this. Wait till it sale around 80 percent up. Then you'll know that this game is real bad."
,Not Recommended,239160,17689755,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Haxmonster,"Thief is HORRIBLE!All you do during the game is fulfill quick-time-events or walk through the most linear path possible pressing buttons when the game tells you to, all while surrounded by a world that only knows two colours and always looks the same, poor graphics, extremely stereotyped characters with boring gravely voices. You can't jump unless the game tells you to. Even on the highest difficulty nothing is hard in the slightest. I hated every second of it and couldn't bring myself to go on.DO NOT BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,239160,17447731,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,mastercylinder,"A lot has been said in the other reviews, which I won't repeat. I can't really recommend this game...  They would have done better to remake The Dark Project in a modern engine. The only thing I liked was the graphics.  I may even finish it, we'll see.  Dissapointed..."
76561197970807897,Not Recommended,239160,17756771,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kill Joy,"This is you from the future where you purchase this game based on the title ""Thief"".  Do not buy!!!"
,Not Recommended,239160,17075501,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rush B,"This game wants you to look at the graphics, rather than playing a good game.Is this game all bad? No. it is quite fun at first. But then you get to later levels where you need tools, wich are hard get.But this is a very common problem. This game was not made for the PC, It was ment for the console, wich isn't the best in terms graphics. So we, as PC gamers want to just play a good game. We can set the graphics ourselfs."
,Not Recommended,239160,15209929,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Wunderbear,"So much potential, but a year after release and the game is still unplayable for me due to the terrible audio issues. Constantly hearing people talking like they are right next to you, when they are inside a house at the end of the street, is awful for a stealth-focused game. Don't waste your time with this."
,Recommended,239160,15525470,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Greasy Sweet,"Pros:+ Lots of secrets and collectibles+ High replay-ability+ Solid stealth mechanics+ Difficult, yet rewarding puzzles and challenges.+ Decent storyline+ Plenty of different routes, playstyles, and strategies to choose fromCons:- Uses typical 'find-the-important-stuff' vision- Uninspired 'diseased-city-with-corrupt-government' setting- Requires lots of back-tracking to memorize city- A little slow pacing traveling from quest to quest- Garret looks like a  piece of ham wrapped in leather.Final score: Is pretty good / 10."
76561198120843861,Not Recommended,239160,14567621,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ghostman,It is not as good as it looks. You will instantly regret buying it. Just dont.
76561198019764040,Not Recommended,239160,16658199,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bubblefox,"The main character is flat and is trying way to hard to be shady and mysterious and ""the lone wolf"".The ending ruins all the hours of fun you've had. The game is like the planning and preperations for a party a year in advance, and the ending is like the day of the party. You're so excited about how it's gonna be, but when the party is supposed to start, nobody shows up. Not a single person. And you are thrown back into daily life (doing side-quests you haven't finished up yet).The games is a lot of fun if you're not looking for a thick plot or complex characters, up until the ending. If I hadn't played the ending, and the game had just stopped working or something, I think I'd like this game a whole lot more."
,Recommended,239160,16805576,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Gungar,"Not the greatest, but by far not the worst game i have ever played.I enjoy Stealth based games and this to an extent was no exception, although others would have you believe it is the worst in the series.That last part i disagree with, especially when the others havent aged very well.I can honestly say there was only one thing i was dissapointed with was the obvious gaps in how the game ended, i kept up with it right to the end and it made an eerie sort of sense, the final moments less so.Another thing missing from this game is some sort of quick travel, i would definetely have gone back to chase a few more achievments if this was implemented.Otherwise i had no issues in forcing myself to keep going and getting to the end of the game, despite a few flaws i do believe it is worth the money, i got it in a sale personally but would still have happily paid full price for it."
76561198156091742,Not Recommended,239160,16472701,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,pecbounce,"I immensely disliked this game and I wouldn't recommend it. First of all, the story is less engaging and more confusing. Reading the journal didn't give me much information either. Secondly, the map layout is horrid, and the map completely useless. The level is broken into several pieces and each is only connected to the others at one point. The drab design and atmosphere of the City makes it all the more difficult to nagivate through it. Thirdly, you aren't allowed to change the difficulty of the game. I thought the Normal (Thief) mode would be a good start for someone who's new to stealth games but it just got so repetitive and boring, and frustrating at some points, I wanted to move through the plot quicker by changing the difficulty. Nah. Can't do it. Finally, combat (choosing arrows when the enemies are alerted of my presense, bashing people, and dodging) is slow and clunky on the PC. I know this isn't an action game but it makes the Predator playstyle, which is the easiest of the three, very unenjoyable. Also, sometimes it's easy to get stuck at a level. It's probably a good idea to give hints on where/how to proceed when the action point (e.g. jump there) is easy to miss. Finally, while I know this has to do with the plot, I hated the atmosphere and colors of the game. It comes down to personal preferences but spending 30 hours staring at blues and greys and blacks isn't what I want to be doing."
76561197985054148,Recommended,239160,16860457,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,gcz,"Don't expect anything when you are about to play this game.Since the focus nowadays lies on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ consoles, almost every good old game which gets a sequel today is going to get destroyed be devs. In this case it's the guys from Montreal who ♥♥♥♥ed up kinda big time.Overall I can recommend this game anywas since it's relatively nice to play even tho story is creyp³."
,Not Recommended,239160,17045992,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Nietzsche,"It's like Watch Dogs.Great idea, poorly executed."
76561198062368291,Recommended,239160,14387507,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LarcenNet. Gaming™,"An excellent stealth game, true to the spirit of the original and at the same time much more modern. Very polished gameplay and a clever difficulty level make Thief a game no stealth fan should miss. The plot and the setting aren't always inspired, but the quality of the content greatly makes up for it."
76561198018612655,Not Recommended,239160,29265721,Posted: 14 January,all,Scientist Man,The only good thing I got out of this game was a hat on Team Fortress 2.
,Recommended,239160,19039201,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,wedge,"Not a bad Thief game but still the worst in the series. It's more fun to explore the city and complete the side missions than the story itself. Turn off the Waypoint Markers and Mini-map. Or, for a better overall modern-thief-like experience, go play Dishonored and Deus Ex: Human Evolution DC instead."
,Not Recommended,239160,24404670,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Terrible, just adding my review to the pile. Another 'cinematic' game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ linear gameplay, where you're instructed which buttons to push and under which circumstances. And for what? I'd understand if there was a decent story for all this compromise. But there isn't. You know exactly how it plays out from the first tutorial level.Don't waste your time. Play Metro, play dishonored, play the originals, play the dark mod. Heck, even play thief 3. Just avoid this horrible♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,239160,20176030,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Johny,"Scripted like hell.If you want proper Thief 4, get Dishonored GOTY instead."
76561198095249621,Not Recommended,239160,28547109,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,axiom1974,"Great idea and the game is beautiful.  Linier options and aweful controls make this a miserable endevor.  With so many good reviews I've tried it again and proptly stopped saying to myself.  Yep, it still sucks."
,Recommended,239160,14359355,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Psicose,"Well, Thief is a game that makes me contradict myself a lot. Personally, how I feel about this game is split in half after I have finished half of the game play. I understand people when they say that they have cherished the old Thief games more than they do this, however, as much as it has flaws I found this game pretty entertaining so far.First of all, I am against comparing the latest game of the series to the previous ones because Thief on its own is a game that makes you feel as if you are playing a completely different game, as if it does not belong to the series and such games should be reviewed seperately from the rest.Here are the things that have caught my attention so far:+ The gameplay may either be fast paced or very slow. It totally depends on how you wanna roll. The fact that game offers you an aggressive approach even though you should not be playing a stealth game aggressively, is quite appealing imho. ( I am the aggressive type, what can I say ?) There are many options to how you may finish a chapter in this game and that is a huge advantage for Thief, pretty much since gameplay is the biggest entertainment source that a game like Thief may have.+ Despite all the frame rate issues that I have pretty often, the visuals are outstanding to be honest. The dark, gloomy city is amazing and definitely makes you feel the atmosphere. I find this to be an important fact too since the game has to cover up for the lack of story coherence at some point, which is an aspect that I will talk about next.+ Controls are a huuuuge thing in this game. Everything is sooo responsive that Garrett immediately responds to every bit of control. After all, this is how a stealth game should be anyways. Considering how the responsiveness has improved the quality gameplay time, I am really glad they have paid attention to this. The moment the game tells you to walk in the water, you will start appreciating the flawlessness of the control design of the game.- I really love open world games, and I was really happy to see that this one is also one of that kind however the worst point that an open world game could get to would probably be not having any side quests. Luckily Thief does a little bit better than that ! But unfortunately sidequests are extremely linear and all about going somewhere and stealing something. That is it. If it had more versatility, the fact that it had some nice sidequests could have made me review this game much more positively. (Even tho I already am reviewing it positively, so imagine.)- Story sucks. Literally. Well I get that they have wanted to change it, tune it a bit but seriously it is really annoying to see even after you finish half of the game and yet do not understand a thing because of the lack of details and the cutscenes that feel like they do not belong or fit anywhere in the story. At the beginning it makes you feel like it has a great potential however I promise you, you never get to see that potential and it is just sad.- Music may get annoying after a while, at least it did for me so turning it down a bit helped a lot while trying to get into the game.With all these advantages, disadvantages and flaws, I really enjoyed Thief. I agree that it may not be the most memorable game neither of the series nor of the last year however it has some great potential with that gameplay. I also do not understand the hate pointed at it because people tend to bash something quite easily just because it does not look like the previous versions. So try it out and you may really enjoy it even though it is not perfect."
,Recommended,239160,12058759,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,[HDN]White Heart,"Got it when it was 66% off and i don't regret it, Graphics are awesome, story line & gameplay rock. A must play game"
,Recommended,239160,9383264,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,bigguitarman,this games gud innit
76561198346512992,Recommended,239160,33133565,Posted: 2 July,all,sipi1980,I really enjoyed this game and sometimes it was so difficult. The only thing I didn't like is the map system. It was really hard to go to the different districts and sometimes you just lost and don't know where you are. But had many exciting hours.
76561198056191710,Recommended,239160,9273738,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,"Follower of the ""Raven""","I haven't beaten the game yet, But so far I've robbed a brothel and overheard guards talking about♥♥♥♥♥♥rings. The stelth is preety good and everytime I get caught it's my fault. I recomend it."
,Recommended,239160,9440682,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Inspector Callahan,"I'm torn on the recommendation and here is why.Environment, atmosphere, graphics, gameplay was all outstanding. Map design was hit and miss, some places far too linear but some were great. Sound was an afterthought in this game. Tons of sound issues, looping, double sounds playing over each other, volume issues, hit & miss voice acting. Unlike previous games, sound really is not an integral part of gameplay. Lots of AI issues during gameplay, especially with guards not moving. Usually a save game or checkpoint reload will fix the issue. As a stealth game I felt I got my $60 and would recommend it to the average player. 6/10. Would be 7 or 8 if it didn't have all the bugs, sound and performance issues. They should be able to eventually patch this.As a long time taffer, I'd have to give this ""Thief"" game a 3/10. I've been playing Thief since release in 1998, and still play to this day. The System shock series and Thief are still in my top 5 games list. I believe most hardcore Thief fans like myself, are going to be very dissapointed with this title. If a company is going to retain all the IP and legal rights to a game, why waste it by throwing it out the window? There are some references in the game, and items which you might consider easter eggs that pay omage to the old games. They should have left this a stealth game in the Thief universe and left it at that."
,Recommended,239160,9467092,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Clubbins,"Although this game could have been the next dishonored, the story needs work and the ending was disapointing. Not to mention quite a few noticable glitches as well as the story being too short also.However this was still pretty good and fun to play. If your thinking of buying this then I wouldnt buy it now, I'd wait till people have the sense to realise that its not worth £29.99 and more £14.99. If your into dishonored, stealth based action games and exploration games then this should satisfy your hunger monkey."
,Not Recommended,239160,10013705,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Jenjaviopi,What a disapointment.
,Recommended,239160,10487927,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Raire,Not Bad Not Great Just Meh :)
,Not Recommended,239160,10879597,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mookie Actual,"This game is terrible. Optimisation and presentation is so horrible I'm conviced the devs never even tested it. There is rarely any semblence of a challenge presented and the design choices never pay off. It is more often tedious than fun and if I hadn't paid money for it I would be disinclined to make it more than a few hours into the game. The fact that this was someone's attempt at rebooting the Thief franchise is offenseive.If you've never played a Thief game, get the originals ""Thief Gold"" or ""Thief 2: The Metal Age"" instead. If you have played the originals and were looking forward to a new one, skip this and buy Dishonored instead, since it is hilariously more like a Thief game than this one."
,Recommended,239160,11092529,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jabulani,The good news: the game is beautiful and enjoyable.The bad news: where are the hammerites? The pagans? The keepers? Where are the OLD Garret?!
,Not Recommended,239160,11240995,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Parker  the Paladin,"If you're trying to play this game as a previous fan of the series, stop right there. You don't need to waste your time with this ""reboot"" of the Thief franchise. It's sloppy, unpolished, and generally uninteresting.As a huge fan of the Thief series, this reboot was the last thing any one of the fans wanted. With massive talents quitting the studio during Theif's development, it should have been a fairly good sign that things were turning to the dark side.Gameplay. Hoo boy, that's a doozy. First off, contextual jumping NEVER works the way players expect. In previous Thief titles, you could freely jump, peek around corners, and generally feel like a theif with more dexterity than a drunk burrick. This reboot throws all of that out the window. Too many times I've fallen from the roofs and narrow walkways of this horrible reincarnation of The City because I simply wasn't in the right place at the right time to press the space bar.Instead of using Q and E for leaning (or whatever your preference), you have to first be near a corner to press E, the main function button to start a locked player stance of peering around corners. It's blocky, non-intuitive, and it takes immersion out of the game. Why you may ask? Because having to go through extra steps to make sure you're actually on a surface deemed acceptable to the engine to be peeked around is pretty awful when you could normally just press a button to peek.Story. Another damn doozy. Take what was awesome from the Thief series and throw it out the window. If you know how Garrett got his mechanical eye, that is no longer present here. Instead you get some mystical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t crystal stuck in your eye, which has no great effect for you. The mechanical eye allowed players to zoom in on distant targets, and it was crafted by a chaotic good type faction: The Hammerites. They are all but missing from Thief. (Don't even start with the cathedral, that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.) Voice acting was dull, and the story just felt lifeless and not quite as interesting as the earlier games. You don't feel for the other characters since they just seem too over the top, or too lifeless.Graphics, ehhh. Okay, it's not a horrible looking game by any stretch...but thats because most of the maps are smaller than your most recent FPS levels. I'm not kidding. You have to sit through annoying window opening, or crawlspace animations before meeting a loading screen that lasts far too long for each small area. How did level size suddenly disintigrate from earlier games, when this game totes the famous line of being the ""next gen.""In summary, if you're a fan of the game, you're better off pocketing the money and finding another title to spend your money on."
,Not Recommended,239160,11683014,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,PEDXING,"Even after having spent close to $1000 on improving my computer, I could not get this game to run to the point where gameplay was smooth enough to be even enjoyable. Their ""support"" doesn't help at all and even after multiple attempts the only email responses I recieved were generic and/or automated. If you have a sub-par, par, or even slightly above-par computer, I would not reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,239160,11973448,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,purfumy_funk,"Doesn't even come close to Dishonored. At least with Dishonored, you had a couple different ways of completeing a mission. Thief is Linear. Only one way to go, sometimes a few ways to get in. Very disappointed. Id give the game a 6 of 10."
,Not Recommended,239160,29307880,Posted: 16 January,all,Omega,"Such a huge letdown, I just hope either Eidos learns from this or lets Otherside Entertainment get the rights back to Thief. I do not recommend anyone to suffer through this mess. Either play Thief 1-3 or just go play Dishonored 1-2 if the older Thief titles are ""too old"" for you. Either option is a better one than playing this POS."
,Recommended,239160,9268194,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,snoop,"Thief has it's problems, yes, but those are strongly outweighrd by its awesome stealth gameplay and more. the biggest problems i found were bad voice acting and lip syncing, lousy dialogue, and iffy graphcs quality (I'm playing maxed out). Other than these main problems it s a fantastic game. There are difficulty options for any skill level. TONS of difficulty options, the harder you make i, the more reward you get. I think that the game had good level design ther than a few unclimeable objects that can get annoying in your way. There are many playstyles to choose from, taking out all guards silently, going loud, or leaving without a trace other than missing loot. I always found it a challenge to collect all the loot and remain undetected hich was well worth it. I wuld givethis game an 8.6/10"
76561198062670951,Not Recommended,239160,10235843,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Raiden,the story isnt as emersive and the ending was crapy if u get all the upgrades the AI wont be able to find you even if your right in there face that map sucks.
,Not Recommended,239160,11000043,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Croaker,"How to ruin one of the best game franchises in history: 1- Take the main character and remove just about everything that's interesting about him, 2- take a semi-creepy, steampunk city of stone and metal and turn it into a bland, wooden frontier town, 3- remove nearly all references to the original stories and plots, 4- add in a bunch of ridiculous combat modes and useless play styles, 5- throw in a story that is boring, makes no sense and leaves you scratching your head at the end, 6- slap the title """"Thief"" on the box and hope that people don't notice what a complete trainwreck it is before you bring in a ton of money. My OCD, completionist mindset is the only reason I was able to finish it. I think I'm going to have to pretend that it never happened."
76561197977258463,Not Recommended,239160,11326198,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,polomansr,"There is a good game somewhere in here trying to get out.I think at some point someone was on the right track of where to head with this reboot and then it just never quite got there.Game mechanics were generally fine and more in the tradition of the original thief games when set on custom difficulty than many complained about but it still never quite managed to be fun.Collection of loot other than a goal to beat never really made any difference as the entire game can be beaten without ever buying anything.Story was fragmented leaving you never quite caring about anything.Shame, it was obvious a lot of hard work went into it and I'm a fan of the genre and original series.In the end, it felt like 2 of 3 people had a great vision of the game at different times none of them getting their way eventually landing on polished by but bland mediocrity."
76561198047751037,Not Recommended,239160,11556003,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,TheFateMachine,"I was very excited about Thief. It looked great, I'm a fan of the genere, and the story looked compelling. Unfortunately it is also extremely boring to play. There isn't a lot of depth, the VO and story are dull and nebulous, and most of your 'gadgets' are just different arrow heads and nothing too interesting. Not a terrible game, not great either."
,Recommended,239160,11114315,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Jackass,"VERY hopeful that they try to redeem themselves with a sequel or atleast a content rich DLC download.Pros: Graphically beautiful. Sounds are good (can't say the same for the music.)Cons: Game world was very narrow, felt claustrophobic. Game play was linear and held your hand alot. Music was awful (menu music was okay.) There was a few moments where I felt like an epic thief, The Bank Heist the Jewelry Store to name a few, but generally didn't feel very ""thiefish.""I'm going to recommend Thief because it was still enjoyable for me despite all the negatives."
76561197970551895,Not Recommended,239160,12193047,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Immortal Disciple,Very disappointed.I'm going back to enjoying The Dark Mod now.
76561198049028840,Not Recommended,239160,14564599,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,r1ver,"The screenshots and video clips looked promising. The reviews sounded promising as well. I was fairly pumped to get the game.Boy was I disappointed.While this game looks fantastic, and parts of the gameplay are fantastic as well, I felt that the game went off down a really strange path with the storyline by introducing ghosts and whatnot that, for the lack of a better explanation, simply felt weird. I wasn't sure that I was playing the same game after a few chapters or that I was a thief. After all the game is called Thief, not ghost hunter.The controls fell short as well. The characters movements felt extremely unnatural and even lacks the ability to jump. Yes, you can't jump. What a basic movement. Crouching and running felt awkward and I died several times because of this.They only weapons you get are arrows, and those are far and few between. Good luck actually fighting anyone. There's tons of swords, why can't you use them? Sure, the game is about stealth but even ninjas have knifes and swords.I don't even think I'd recommend this game if it was free. The headache and frustration simply aren't worth it. Spare your sanity and find something better."
76561198001174126,Recommended,239160,11025371,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,WiseG33k,"After a few hours of playing, it becomes apparent that the general consensus about Thief is justified--the game does indeed largely fail to meet expectations. The City feels lifeless and navigating the map can be a pain, many mission structures are linear, the AI can be ridiculous, the gameplay can get repetitive, and the story and characters, most of all Garrett, feel rushed.Admittedly, this wasn't a huge surprise. I was somewhat prepared for it with all the reviews and forum posts I had read. It's also why I bought the game on sale to begin with. And so I stopped playing for a few days and went back to other games, most notably Skyrim. Then this is where it struck me. This game is actually amazingly fun for those that enjoy playing thieves/assassins/stealthy characters in Skyrim. I am one of those people and so decided I would stop comparing Thief to past games in the series and would simply drop all expectations.I approached the game just like I would if I had rolled a thief or assassin in an Elder Scrolls game. This might be a workaround, and in no way does it forgive the game's faults, but it made them easier to deal with. It made me play through the game much longer than I would have otherwise, and I ended up having a lot more fun this way. There's a lot of content to burn through, and for those looking for a more fleshed out thieving experience than what is available in Skyrim or similar games like Fallout 3 and New Vegas, you will have your money's worth."
,Not Recommended,239160,20389204,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,r 1 c h i 3,"Compared to dishonored this game was not very fun at all, mostly a snatch and grab simulator. the characters have... well, no character if that makes any sense. they seem much like robots. gameplay mechanics also feel very linear."
76561198076574021,Not Recommended,239160,9282143,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Iimonster297,"Thief ReviewA great, rich and decent franchise has something new to offer for us, when was the last part of the Thief's franchise? maybe in 2009. Eidos-Montréal finally had a new project to finish, they had been working in the game for a long time. the question is, will the franchise complete its games in a successfully/unique way, or with a stupid, foolish?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpTUIoxNpYwPresentationThief series had many rare moments and elements which every single substance turns your gameplay experience upward.The new Thief doesn't make any sort of sense, it's bad, boring, poor and less than tradition, it's hard to infer a good result, Relieves your boredom quickly, to be honest, I have enjoyed patience more than the new Thief, I guess, nobody would prefer it over Dishonored. Thief gave me the worst story, elements, almost everythin'. If you are looking for a stealth fun to play game, so there are tons of stealth games which are very better than Thief, translating the word ""Thief"", ""the person who steals without taking a permission"", ""taking things without a permission"", not a ""stupid story that is not related to stealing"", like what Thief did, I see.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3QQHurZrrUGameplaySimply, a thief who steals treasures, coins, things which are related to money to follow the story elements; the gameplay follows the main storyline. the thief has a bow that has many different kinds of abilities, like: the water bow, the flame bow, poisonous bow, each bow has its ""own"" ability to do a certain thing, the water bow is mainly used in turning off fire, what's the advantage/useful for this (the water bow), is to dark the small area chunk, to reduce the persentage of light, to confuse the enemies for searching for any clue about a thief or an outsider of the city area. the fire bow, can flame guards up to die, this is not only the flame bow's abillity, has many abilities. the poisonous bow can smoke the enemies (the guards) to paralyze them on walking for a sec by the smoke.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMqdNzCNl5QDifficult, Very Difficult, Easy or Very Easy?Very ♥♥♥♥ing very difficult, Thief depends on your intelligence, and because doesn't has that enough quantity of tools to spy, to kill, to think quickly, Thief has only a bow to do, that which makes it hard and shows your foolishness. ""NEVER"" play this game in Master (the difficulty). the zombies are so tough and there are tough conditions to escape a zombie area. for the guards, they are so dumb but in the other hand, they have a high vesion so they can see you from distances, and they can realize your foot steps by brightness or by the foot step's sound done by you (I mean, the player itself), there are ton of impossible choices to escape a certain place, but when I say, ""Impossible"" means ""Impossible"", that what makes Thief a bothering experience, you shall think from where to go, to explore and which kind of bow shall you use, unfortunately, there is no tool to kill except the bow and the weak, stupid, boring hammer, my advise, don't play it on Master or Thief (""The Diificulty"") if you are dumb at thinking immediately.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivSr7YEd0wgThe Main CityThief also includes a city which has some of Dishonored's elements, like trading, is pretty similar to Dishonored's trading center, Includes some friendly characters but beyond the city, there is so much enemies, stupid guards, you know it. Don't predict a big city and don't predict an open-world city, no, it's smaller than you thing, very very very and very smaller than you think. the city is boring as hell, it's just a city to prepare your needs and your wants, not to live, make, build, mine, it's mainly needed before starting a storyline's chapter, because you'll be in a need situation to prepare thing before starting up a chapter, ""but"" if you didn't prepare thing up, you'll mix up the current mission/chapter.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6PpEWYDwJ8The VerdictThief is a pretty poor experience, lack of important tools, boring story, annoying gameplay. a stealth game should include tools, not only a boring bow. poor combats are caused by ""lacks"", poor mechanics are functioning as a so funny mechanics, ARE YOU SERIOUS! I wounder, how the building had went to fire by whom using whoose thing is it used by whom. Thief isn't a good game, it's less than boring and less than stupid. to be honest, Thief is from my top 3 worst games of all time. if you don't trust me, so you're not a gamer, pretty clear that. But there is only ONE* thing that I loved about Thief, The Art Direction is the ""BEST ART EVER SEEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE"", BEST ART AGAIN BEST ART, also in gaming, overall, so awfully boring, Thief made to cry by its unique boredom. I don't wanna play Thief anymore.Story: 2.5/10Gameplay: 0.5/10Graphics: 11/10Sounds: 0.5/10Music: 1.5/10+ Positives+Over the top Art Direction+Good Interduction for the storyline+Chapter 5 is atleast near fun- Negatives-Lack of tools-Lack of Things to Buy-Boring City-Too Much of Loadings-Poor Mechanics-Super Annoying Dogs, Birds to Alarm-Too doubtful in every foot step-In some, no way to cross through-Less than boring City-Choopy Framerate-Poor Comabt System-Contains tons of similar allays-Bow doesn't make any sense in killing silently-No found tools in exploration, just currencies-obvious technical problems-The sound effects and the music effects always plays the same-repetitive in each chapter-puzzles are super annoying-awful momentsThief is more than pretty boring experience and contains lot of obvious negatives, isn't a good game for more than a certain reason to it. improving, adding, touching the game, will be more alive and more exciting, said Iimonster297 to Eidos-MontréalI want Thief to be more better, at this stage of developing Thief SO BAD.1.3/10 Sillyhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of_3FxnsCZcRecommended Price: 14.99$Games are Similar to It:DishonoredAssassin's Creed (City's lengh, a tower between a tower)Sly Cooper (In opening a safe)"
76561198049947806,Recommended,239160,9440913,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,|\/|att,"YES THIS GAME IS MUCH GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORDS THAT DESCRIBE THIS MUCH GOOD GAME: THIEF, SHADOW,GOLD,DARK,TRAP,MAN,WOMEN,BROTHEL,YES!!!,T1TS,CLIMB,HIDE,SEEK,WEALTHMUST GET THIS GAME YES!!!!!!!!!!!!! MANY ADVENTURE MORE WORDS THAT DESCRIBE YES GAME!!!!!CITY,TOWER,SCARY YES!!!!!!! GET THIS MANY FUN SUCH YES MANY GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,239160,10950997,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AccrualBowtie,"This game is a real swindler. Scrounging for storyline and character development, even the graphics are a crook. I got it on 50% off and still feel like I was robbed."
,Not Recommended,239160,11413389,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,66 65 63 65 73,i wish the devs could program a better game
76561197972330021,Not Recommended,239160,11962109,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,LTK Centaur,"A fantastic atmosphere, great visuals, and a superb soundtrack, as well as the involving and fluid sealth mechanics should seal the deal for any Thief lover, but sadly, the goods of this game are entirely outweighed by its bad storytelling, poor level design, broken sound engineering and a lack of originality."
,Recommended,239160,9630525,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,CJIA,"If you liked the original Thief titles and want to get your fill of sneaking around and (maybe) killing people, just pick up Dishonored instead. The new Thief is an awful game by most accounts. I forced myself to play it, and it looks like company politics and bad project management got the best of this title.  It's really a shame. Really, really a shame.But as I said, just play Dishonored."
76561198043770675,Not Recommended,239160,9968539,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Desert Beagle,Do not buy this game.  complete crap.  Worst port I have ever seen.  If I could get my money back I would.
,Not Recommended,239160,9655088,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,The Man Who Sold The World,"The game isnt horrible, but it certainly is NOT worth the 50€. I loved the other Thief games, and i even still play them sometimes, but after just 3 hours of gameplay, i became bored and tired of the constant 7 FPS, the unlogical stealth system, no nostalgic enemies, stealing knives, headshotting enemies without killing them and the story. I dont recommend this game, but if you really want it, wait until theres a sale. 4/10 from me."
76561198033444907,Not Recommended,239160,31123540,Posted: 13 April,all,zenparadox,6.1 hours on record that I cannot get back
,Not Recommended,239160,25599458,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hunter,"As soon as I started playing it felt like Dishonored but with more stealth, the key bindings are a pain, I can't change them without it mixing with the other keys and overall just isn't fun, a good game, but isn't the best it can be."
,Not Recommended,239160,18479558,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Brikaro,"I only beat this game because I paid $60 for it at release. It's worth maybe $10 at most. I'd pay $10 just to play the Asylum level once, but other than that, the rest of the game is horrifically linear and rather boring. It's just not worth full price at any time. Wait for a <$10 sale, play past the asylum level, as it's the high point of the game, and then go back and play the other Thief games, which are actually good stealth games."
,Recommended,239160,9349316,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,UtCanisACorio,"Like many, after waiting for 10 years for the follow-up to Thief: Dead Shadows, I was both extremely excited and extremely skeptical as to whether this game would successfully pick up the torch and carry on.  During the few weeks leading up the game's release reviews were already coming out that wanted to compare this game to other modern games already on the market.  Since there were plenty of such reviews that were not only negative in their appraisal of the game but insisted in comparing the game to such titles as Dishonored, I knew there was hope.  The reason is because anyone who knows this franchise knows that it doesn't just raise the bar, it sets the bar; it defines the bar when it comes to stealth gaming.  When I read reviews stating that ""it doesn't have this mechanism"" or ""doesn't have that feature"", I knew Eidos was on the right track.  Just as when the original Thief: The Dark Project came out some 16 years ago, it is provocative by being different. It defies expectation while exceeding it.I won't say that the game is perfect, and I won't say that it has everything I came to love in the previous games.  It is, after all, a reboot.  I knew this going into it, but I had hoped to see some of the same central themes: the intrigue and mystery surrounding the crescendo of supernatural activity in the city; the rise, fall, the gradual rise of the notorious anti-hero that is our Thief, the back story, the various religious and other sects plaguing the streets and hindering Garrett's progress, etc. etc.Overall, though, my opinion is very positive.  Though there are certain aspects I do miss, the game overall plays great.  The UI is simple, but adequate.  The shadow/light system is flawless.  Garrett's arsenal is fairly complex, though some items seem to exist solely to solve certain puzzles, and could have been eliminated entirely (mostly I'm talking about the rope arrow).  I'm most pleased with -- contrary to others' opinions -- the non-linearity of the game.  It IS after all a glorified first person shooter, or, as the original games were touted, an anti-shooter.  Mostly the non-linearity comes from the high degree of situational freedom you have: kill this guard, sneak past the next one; pick this lock and head straight in, avoid the next door and discover a shaft that goes around it, which happens to have a ""collectible"" treasure inside.  The collectible system, one for which I've written an extensive and complete guide, is fun and addictive (think Pokémon: gotta have 'em all =P).Another great aspect is that, knowing every level (aka ""Chapters"" and ""Jobs"") can be played in a multitude of ways, the developers added a chapter entry system, where, once you complete something you can return to it via certain doorways throughout the city.  That's also a chief way to earn more money (gold) in the game.  Replay a Chapter or Job in its entirety and you get to keep all the loot you find.All in all, I highly recommend this game.  For fans of the original games, you won't be disappointed.  For those new to the franchise, it may feel like a different spin on a recurring theme in modern games, but remember that the Thief franchise invented that theme.  Don't ask whether Thief can go toe-to-toe with those ""other"" stealth games, ask whether those other games match up to Thief."
,Recommended,239160,24842158,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Karithay,"A worthy reboot.If you've played the original then the changes may upset you. The originals had a steampunk shade to them before steampunk was even a thing, but this one does not. There will also be inevitable comparisons between the voice actors.Though if you let it stand on its own, Thief is solid. The gamplay is very reminiscent of the originals. The story is pretty good. The more open world exploration from Thief III is present and thriving more than before. There's a tinge of weirdness,  but not the same dose as the originals. Overall, solid and we'll see where it goes with the reboot."
,Not Recommended,239160,9288304,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ACPaco,"I have a somewhat old gaming rig that plays current titles resonably well on high or very high settings. It's running an Intel Core 2 Duo 3.3 GHz, two nVidia GeForce 9800 GTX+ GPUs in SLI and 6 GBs of RAM. Thief lists in its minimum requirements a ""high-performance dual core CPU or quad core CPU."" Apparently the highest performance Core 2 Duo manufactured does not make the cut. Granted this is a legacy LGA775 chip, but I wish the system reqs were a bit more specific. The game's benchmark averages 6.3 FPS on the absolute lowest settings while my CPU is maxed out just running the menu screen. I pre-purchased at full price and now I have to sit on it until I have a new rig, which I wasn't planning on building anytime soon. From what I hear I'm not missing much, anyway. Damn shame."
,Recommended,239160,9264240,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Valjala,#Taffer4lyfFirst let me start by saying i grew up with thief 2 and thief deadly shadows(my favorite childhood games)Ever since rumers of thief 4 popped up i was super hyped. Ive waited years for thisThe pros:-Graphics-Good voice acting-Great stealth system-Fun gadgets-Secret switches and puzzles to get epic loots ZOMG!!!The cons:-Focus... i mean what the heck?! the previous incarnations of thief we had to put in werk...-Terrible combat system-Sloppy story leaves you wanting more-Dosent feel like deadly shadows or any other thief game (Way to modernized)-The city is cramped as all heck-I miss the old Garret voice actor- I hate to say this but... DISHONORED CLONEso my final verdict?7/10if you want some fun stealth gameplay pick it upbut if you want a Real FP stealther go buy Deadly shadows
,Not Recommended,239160,11970860,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,JACKED BY K,the games dont work on my laptop an it just blacks out from them im going to say 3/10 on this game it takes to long to load
,Not Recommended,239160,33118996,Posted: 2 July,all,Pabluzcu,"It´s as mediocre as I feared it would be. At least it costed me 4 bucks to find out that, thanks to Steam summer sales.I gave it a chance playing in master with all the visual help deactivated as I was told I should do in order to avoid getting cancer in my eyes with all the ""hud"" and ""visual aid"". So, I did, and It´s ""not as bad"", but in the sense of ""eating a piece of molded bread is not as bad as starving""  It´s still a bunch of push-key-and-watch-animation moments all put together in boring lineal levels. Maybe it gets somewhat better later on, but after 4 hours of it I dont want to keep trying. I refuse to keep escaping dumb guards so easily in freaking ""master"" level just by hiding inside freaking closets, and waiting 5 seconds to have them return to their normal routine. And I refuse to see another 3 seconds long animation of my hands opening a drawer to find nothing (or to find some coin, or anything, In any case I refuse to keep on watching animations one after another)Stay away from this one, go buy Dishonored. Or Dishonored 2, I havent yet but I bet it´s better than this. I would even recomend you the old thief games if you havent tried them yet, even today they are better games than this one. There are 20 better games, older and newer. Skip this one."
76561198052807905,Not Recommended,239160,19962669,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,bubble_reaper,"huge letdownNever before did I regret so much being smashed by the hypetrain!I missed all the gloomy atmosphere of its predecessors. The story is far away from interesting and there are only a few hints at formerly beloved features/elements.Maybe you'll give it a chance, because you love(d) the old thief games, but don't say I didn't warn you. ;)"
,Recommended,239160,9285099,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,A Random Guy,"Bra som fan, tar tid att göra allt dock då det inte finns ""fast travel"" och man behöver smyga fram och tillbaka över hela mappen konstant :s Annars skit bra!"
76561197971621330,Not Recommended,239160,11970455,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Edward,"I liked the prologue, the streets were alive, the introduction of the story gave me goosbumps, and the shining loot made the stealing feel fullfilling.What I disliked was, after the intro, all you get are dead streets, no factions, limited ease of movement around the city, dumb guards, and anything you do apart from the main quest feels like work.  The game just doesn't seem to have life, only a flicker of it on the main quests.If you are a fan of the franchise, you WILL be dissapointed, only stick to the main quests for any hope of getting through the whole game without feeling lost inside.  If you are not a fan of the franchise, just don't pay more than £10 for it.In conclusion, this is not a good game (being generous), the next Thief will need have something new for any hope of the continuation of the franchise.  Then again, if the Assaisns Creed can do it, so can Thief."
,Not Recommended,239160,32843599,Posted: 26 June,all,The Shadow Pirate,"too dark in visual gameplay, this game remind me of prince of persia but with 1st person shooter, well map in the game was not very clear , it takes so much time to reach the objective , the game dont teach u the basics very well, sometimes u can find your own skills may be glitching , boring , if it was horror i would click postive review."
,Not Recommended,239160,20972835,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mister Captain,Play Dishonored. It's better and cheaper. 6/10.
76561197961698220,Not Recommended,239160,16318664,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,slutty_pilgrim,"I have a void in my soul because of this ""Thief"" game."
,Recommended,239160,9264279,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Radian,"This game WILL NOT work with DxTory, it'll just go to black screen and crash. Exit out of DxTory and it'll work fine. If you're planning on recording you'll have to use Nvidia ShadowPlay. Not sure about FRAPS or anything else."
,Recommended,239160,9296368,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Menphues,"I played all the Thief games and I enjoy them all.This one the graphics are decent and a nice step up from the originals.The controls are simple to get used.The audio is nice and clear with no problems.The missions so far are decent and offer a nice wide range to power through and have fun.If you enjoy the original Thief games, then this one you will enjoy aswell.  Also the price is really cheap compared to AAA titles being something like £39 and this is only £29.99.There is no multiplayer before people start whining and asking for it.  This is a singleplayer campaign fun game with lots to do, and you actually get the feeling that it is open world.  I was walking around and had multiple routes to find and do something, and I really thought it was open world, when I know it is not.There are multiple ways to approach a mission or a person, with secrets, hiding spots and different things around.Overal this game is very much worth the time and effort you put into it, for a fun experience make sure you watch ALL the video's, they are really really nice to watch, and I am a person who skips them but a friend of mine made me sit and watch them all, and I did and thankfully I did because they are good video's.Anyway, worth the time, money and effort you put into it.Well done Thief."
,Recommended,239160,15330087,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SpaceNinjaPirate,"I know at the time of writing this I only have a few hours of gameplay into Thief, and I will probably add more over the next few days, but there are things about this game that I find let down lovers of the original Thief series.To be honest, I'm not even sure why this title was ""rebooted"" another time after Thief: Deadly Shadows.  The answer is probably out there, but I'm just too lazy (and I honestly don't care) to find it.The first thing I noticed when even starting this game is that it feels very much more like a reboot... far from the roots of the originals.The world, although they would like you to think it's ""open"" leads you by the hand down the garden path.  Practically every Thief game prior to this one is very much more ""open"" to exploration than this one.  In those prior installments, you could at least wander around a bit... find other marks, find other points of interest, find little nooks and secrets that you can explore and loot to your heart's content.  This game seems very restrictive by comparison.  You can't even jump up on walls or buildings.  For a minute there, I was wondering why the game would practically highlight everything that could be climbed or held onto, but now I guess I know why.... because you can't jump up on, climb, or hold onto just anything anymore.  It even tells you to ""find a way into <insert building here>"" but then puts a freakin' marker on your screen to point out exactly where to go.The next thing is the dialog.  I honestly can't explain why developers think that adding profanity will somehow lead to a better game.  The originals managed to do excellent without it.  Personally, I find it a sign of a weak script if the developers think they have to sprinkle curse words throughout just to give it some body (which curse words alone can't do).  It's getting that I have to ditch my computer speaker system and start using headphones because NOTHING is able to be played around my family anymore.That said, one of the tiny nitpicky things I found was that the lipsyncing sorta was hit and miss at times.  There were a few points where the dialog was done but the character kept flappin' their gums.  Other times, the character would speak but their mouth would not move at all.However, even having said all that, I'm still finding the gameplay OK... yes, merely OK... not stellar, not horrible... just OK.  I do have to admit that the environments and texturing are well done and they actually are one thing that shines in this game.  At least it still LOOKS like a Thief game.  But even then, it doesn't fix what's wrong with the game.I wish Steam had a sideways thumb... I don't really want to recommend this game for anyone who came from the original Thief series, but it's not entirely a bad game as such.  It's just not as immersive as the previous games.  So, that being said I will still give it a thumbs up, but it should actually be pointing sideways."
76561198051166142,Not Recommended,239160,10373435,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Feetuska,"Yeh Stealthy.And It gets boring after an hour.The AI has gotten much worse during the thief games and for some reason this game has the same name as the original game.The difference is in the gameplay and AI. They are worse. A lot worse.If you want a fancy criminal simulator I would recommend Sly cooper for the PS2 and 3.This one is just a boring really slow based strange thief or more like an assassin simulator. Classic example of the game's strange nature is when you firstly watch porn and look for symbols over people that do really nasty stuff and then get yourself into a dark ancient ruin with a creepy humanoid creature as an easteregg or something. Quickly the game becomes a horror game.The easy difficulty is more like a hard difficulty if you ask me btw. So the game get's even more slow based when you are at low health running away from the horrible AI in some victorian london. If the running and bad AI wasn't enought, the fancy developers made every level a flipping maze.I guess the game doesn't know what is it supposed to be."
,Not Recommended,239160,25401097,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Rowlio102,"Dull Storyline, so boring, it never feels like it is going anywhere. The map is made up of zones which have to load in, which is a joke as its not like they are full of things to do, there are a couple of AI and the same sort of buildings as before. Mouse and Keyboard controls are very clunky. Voice acting is also terrible!Don't even buy in a sale"
,Not Recommended,239160,9297291,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Dazrael21,"This is not Thief. It's the hollywood cash-in version of Thief. It's every stealth game except the one it was named after, (and they just don't gel together). The thing just doesn't tick the right boxes for me - moving round in the game I feel like some unfit wannabe nut who thinks they're in batman/tomb raider (but lacks the skills). Other times it just feels like some Dishonoured rip-off; less-polished, with a mediocre story. Aeriel knockouts, ffs.I just quit out when I started clambering around on pipes like Sam FIsher and I started getting flashbacks to the last Splinter Cell. It's like they don't know why Thief was great, so they just tried robbing all the other stealth games since.Garret is just not the man he was. The sneering cynicism is gone. And so are his stealth skills, apparently. Guards have spotted me from (relatively) miles away when I'm perfectly still and in total darkness. I snuck up to a nice bit of loot, hit the 'e' key to kick-off the looting animation, and the sound I made when looting attracted guards. WTF?Back to The Dark Mod, I guess."
,Recommended,239160,9263653,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Arborus,"It's not Thief, but it's not bad. I'd say it's fairly similar feeling to Dishonored, which I absolutely loved. Story-wise, there's not many memorable characters and it's kind of bland. Very good gameplay so far, though. Good enough to steal my attention for a bit, at least."
,Not Recommended,239160,31492331,Posted: 1 May,all,Slaydar,"I pre-ordered it like a week before launch. Not one of my better purchases not going to lie. It did give me a lesson which is DONT PREORDER GAMES. Can you enjoy the game tho? Maybe, from what i remember wasnt exactly great on pc and from what i can see is still the case but i dont even want to install it to see for myself. The predecessors were better, if you want a similar game go for dishonored or if you dont mind the graphics go for an older thief game. Oh yeah the graphics were nice i suppose good job graphics team.2.5/10"
76561198055777826,Not Recommended,239160,23841103,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,srah,"I was really excited for this remake when it was annouced but it has proved to be one of the most uninspired remakes/redos / whatever this is trying to be. I loved the original Thief games and Dishonored because of the connections, but Thief 4 is neither of those in character or style.NPC's are boring and flat, world design is drab (there's no color like there was in the originals), and for some reason they tried to pull like a reverse borrow by giving Garrett supernatural powers similar to Corvo's and a plague. Also Garrett is now some kind antihero and lacks any of the character of Stephen Russell's version. I want to compare the level design to the Dark Project, but thats an insult even to that game, it's just so linear and boring and I can't focus on any of it for more than 5 minutes. There's no keepers no pagans no Hammerites, there's nothing here but tiny sneaky boring thief man."
,Not Recommended,239160,9283920,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ishaboi,Dishonored was better. Would not 420 yolo.
,Recommended,239160,9303298,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ad1o [x],"Initial Thief — The Dark Project — once taught us to hide in shadows and to avoid battles, to listen to each sneeze and to make plans on the fly. Continuations, including in many respects disputable Deadly Shadows, all this picked up and developed, but now there was a restart, and a lot of things were for some reason forgotten. Thief of 2014 really refused everything that occurred in the previous parts of a series. Here never existed the stimpankovskikh tekhnofilov-hammeritov, neither sorcerers pagans worshipping to god Trikster, nor secret order of the Keepers, undertaken to store balance between these two extremes. The city in which the thief Garret bosses, too changed: if earlier in it the rough medieval architecture, now in a course elaborate constructions of the Renaissance and the Victorian era prevailed, and magics in it remained less than nothing. ""Stealth of new generation"" which was praised highly actively by developers, in Thief difficultly to see. It isn't known, unfortunately it or fortunately, but the new generation differs from old only existence of the indicator of uneasiness over enemies. For the rest the scheme old — we hide in dark corners, we try not to catch sight to enemies and if got — we are washed away at the fifth speed. The policeman попсихует, will shout: ""Leave, the coward! "", will come to a conclusion: ""I ran away, the swine"" — and will return on the post, is exact as in Deadly Shadows. And this algorithm doesn't depend on complexity level almost — simply at easy level security guards are blind, deaf and will forget about Garret, it should drop for a second out of sight, and on the heavy will sound alarm at the slightest pretext and then still the solid hour to shudder from the slightest rustle. Praised settings of complexity which in the theory have to allow to adjust game to any taste and to any player — only a set of sticks which can insert into wheels. For example, we can force game to set off defeat after the first given alarm. It is possible to forbid Garret to kill and even to deafen policemen. But with the same success it is possible to play one hand or, say, sitting a back to the screen — sense from such ""weighting compounds"" slightly. Unless it is worth turning off ""the concentration mode"" to feel the thief of old school. (This my opinion and it can not coincide with yours)."
,Not Recommended,239160,9877461,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Xeinok,"To play this game is to feel like an alcoholic, forced by addiction to swallow down a bottle of cheap, nasty booze with the label of your favourite fine vintage pasted over it.  I'm a huge Thief fan - huge enough to have played through the entirety of this sell-out filth.  I hate myself for it."
,Not Recommended,239160,9282393,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ariel,It isn't even worth pirating.
,Recommended,239160,9693571,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,good will stunting,"so sneak, such steal"
76561198015079969,Recommended,239160,9719677,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,xSigmaOnex,"This rendition of Thief is remeniscent of the original games in some ways, but probably notenoughways. While I enjoyed playing the game for awhile, I found myself becoming bored. Travel throughout the city felt tedious, and the loading screens every few feet are annoying and break immersion. The in-game map is borderline useless for actual navigation.The actual mechanics of the gameplay left me feeling as if they developed the game to appeal to a newer generation of gamers. I miss the excitement of sneaking up on someone and actually having to pull out a blackjack and knock them over the head. It takes away from my agency as a player when all I have to do to quietly take out a guard is hit Q. During development, Focus was a hot button issue for the hardcore fans of the series. I didn't mind it. I usually just let it run out, and I'd use it to temporarilly highlight things in the environment so it was easier to find stuff. The game is dark, as it should be, but sometimes its nice to not have to walk around in the dark forever looking for a switch. There are other applications of Focus for combat, but I mostly ignored that. The selection of arrows was nice and probably the aspect of the game most true to the original games.The story wasn't great, wasn't bad. It was a vehicle for gettting you from one place to another while you looked for stuff to steal.This review seems pretty negative; nevertheless, if you enjoyed the original Thief games, I still think you should give this a shot. It's a nice looking game and if you're okay with setting aside thoughts about how it should have been, you can probably manage to enjoy it for what it is."
76561198059046071,Recommended,239160,9869264,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,J o r D,"A good solid game, I've always been one for a stealth approach over direct conflict in games and this game delivers that pure stealth genre. I had a lot of fun playing through this game and I can't for for new dlc to come out this is by far my favorite game in 2014. Also a warning in one of the chapters it basically turns into a horror game and it is scary, but great game 10/10"
,Recommended,239160,10480475,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,frankenstienmonster,Very Good game.  Especially if you modify the difficulty in the options.  No kills only stealth ...ect.  The story is a little compelling but a little lackluster as well.
,Recommended,239160,10504320,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,✇ Shiro ✇,Ok heres the thing i dont understand why there is so much hate on this game it truly aint that bad the only thing i could possibly say thats wrong with this game is that sometimes some of the levels take really long an some levels are kind of linear maps but otherwise from that this is a great game an i trully reccomend it.
,Recommended,239160,10599187,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Diabetic Fetus,thief is a good game not much bad things about it the best part is the sneaking and breaking into houses and stealing valuable items 9/10
76561198078568777,Recommended,239160,10728957,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Orange&Blue Jumper,"Not as complex as its origins, however i greatly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,239160,9318041,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Argon,"Dishonored is anoth...wait...this isn't Dishonored? Hmmm.Yes I realize this is part of an old series and not a Dishonored clone...in fact Dishonored is more of a Thief clone than anything else, but due to the fact that this is the first game in the series for probably a decade most people will shove out the Dishonored comparisons.I have to say I am a bit unhappy with the ""challenge"" aspect of each chapter of the game (given that's what games give you now...there's no more playing games for fun or entertainment, achievements and beating other people is far more important)...it can be interesting to have the challenges in the game but I don't really care for a rating system when I'm playing the campaign of the game, if I want to be insulted for a crappy performance I would specifically pick ""Challenge mode"".The game itself looks nice although it was made for previous gen consoles and received the ""upgrade"" for newer ones and the PC...the PC version feels more like a console port in regards to the graphics than a game that was tailored to each system (IE: Dragon Age Origins and other types of games that weren't just hastily ported to make money)...if it was upgraded properly for the PC I'm not seeing it (and yes, I have my settings turned all the way up).I do enjoy playing stealth games of this type despite not being all that great at the stealth aspect (patience is for losers).I'm now bored with reviewing this so my point is; buy the game if you enjoy stealth games. kthxbai"
,Recommended,239160,9305691,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fox Jester,"My review is here, as well as SlasherJPC's Video review, awesome sauce:http://www.spawnfirst.com/reviews/thief-mega-review/"
76561198035901174,Recommended,239160,9305989,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,AlaSanD,Sneak sneak sneak and sneak LIKE
76561198039940098,Recommended,239160,9324038,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ninjabagel,"buy this game, you will not regret it, unless you hate good stories and stealth andamazing graphics. I went into it just expecting a good stealth game, but the story has suprised me and is quite captivating. the combat is a little lacking but you hardly ever use it unless you like every guard nearby to come mob and kill you. So dont get the wrong idea that this is an assassin stealth game, you are a thief not an assassin, it's a lot more fun to try and go through the level without a single gaurd ever seeing you and letting them all still patrol their little area. It feels like ""Ha i came in and stole everything you had and you have no evidence besides things missing that anyone was ever in the building mwahaha!"""
,Recommended,239160,9380760,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,McHall,"This game is not Dishonored. Any comparison to Dishonored is unfair to both games.Now that we have that out of the way. This is a game about stealing EVERYTHING in sight. It's meant to challenge you. You're not supposed to get into huge fights and even the knockouts are meant as a last resort. This is more of a stealth game like the old Splinter Cell games. I'm only a few hours in but so far I've enjoyed my time with the game.Again, THIS IS NOT DISHONORED. You're a Thief not an assassin. There is a difference."
,Recommended,239160,9375605,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"All around a great game.Definitely some annoying bugs, like conversion loops between guards that are the same (not even 2 varying ones, just the same ones over and over and over). Regardless, I was surprised at the low metacritic score, which I'm guessing is largely due to its attempt to stay within the Thief series.I'm a big fan of the original series and this one really failed in its story to keep on track with that... it's like they ignored much of the series' story. The female character in this one had the personality of a rebelious teenage girl - obviously something that gets pretty dang annoying.No real magical lure as existed as you got near the ends of Thief 1 and 2. Other annoyances, like the rope arrows not being able to attach to anything wooden, but instead only available at select locations (and there aren't that many really).Despite all that I still really enjoyed the game. You ""stole"" way more in this game, which makes since if you're a thief. The city was huge and full of secrets and places to explore.Whether you are a fan or not of the original series doesn't matter. It didn't ruin the series for me, but I'm sure hoping someone can follow this with another one that recovers it from that massive failure of this ones story... which I think is do-able, but no small task."
76561198016352351,Recommended,239160,9288003,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Necoya Fuku,WELL DONE! Rarely has a re-make been able to nail the soul of a game but Thief does it! The story and voice actors are new yet they nailed a gameplay reminiscing the originals. In reality the maps are not that large still you will feel like you have endless places to explore. Lockpick doors on the street or race along the thieves highway (roofs) looking for windows to break into! Gold and treasures are hidden all over giving you an incentive to explore high and low. Welcome back Garrett. I've missed you.
,Not Recommended,239160,16179021,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ckroop,"run, pick up some stuff, run back"
,Recommended,239160,21219183,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Harieo,"Thief is an interesting game. So I am putting this in two sections.Pros:- First Person (Personal Preference)- Different Options Converting to the Same Path(e.g You could fight your way in, or shoot an arrow at a pulley to receive a ladder)- Statistics Based on Gameplay(3 Different Styles; Ghost, Predator or Opportunist)- Not System Stressful, Low Latency (No Lag)Cons:- Storyline Must Be Followed, Little Actual 'Thieving'- Difficult to Reach Black Market Dealer (To Buy Stuff) Without Being Caught- Always Start in Same Place(A Clocktower)- Every Actions Alerts Enemies if it Occurs Past Them- Enemies Hard to Kill, Game Not Designed for Combat (Personal Preference)Just a few points to some it up. Basically, it depends on how you like to play. The things I have listed as 'Personal Preference' are up to you to decide, including some I haven't mentioned. Black cover ups will only appear if you hover over them (spoilers) because they spoil the game a little.Overall, I would recommend this game!"
76561197994594242,Not Recommended,239160,12201650,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,apolokia,"Thief 4 isn't so much imagined and designed as it is churned out by a giant game-making computer in the service of Square Enix's finance department. Everything is entirely as expected. Scripting awful, cut-scenes awful, voice-acting painful, plot unintelligible, graphics brown, textures popping in over a period of minutes (shoddy Unreal3 engine) etc. etc. The main city is not so much a real place as a more or less random copying and pasting of building parts. 75% of the door are just background and cannot be opened. All of the rooms contain the same things. That's not to say there isn't some fun in trying to steal all the trinkets on the side-quests, but the money you get for them doesn't buy anything useful, so there's not much incentive: the three main gadgets can all be purchased for peanuts early in the game. Main quest levels are abysmal until level 5, when the programmers finally decided to try their hand at level design, rather than just linear paths or maps no bigger than my house. After this, it gets a bit better, but then you have the plot to compete with (such as it is). Halfway through the game the obligatory zombies appear that can also see behind them, apparently, which is just cheating. Other misfires include some shadows which don't quite work properly, some light areas which shade you just fine, a sneak button AND a sneaky-sneak button, and the ability to climb up and fall down only when the game says you can. There are also some third-person climby bits like Uncharted and a level running away from things, like a fifth-rate Uncharted.To sum up: it's not terrible, but you're better off spending a few pounds on Dishonored, a game created with some degree of imagination, invention and passion, or playing Thief 1 and 2 (costing pennies), or playing The Dark Project (costing nothing) or even playing Thief 3, or perhaps just pressing your thumbs in your eyes until it hurts. 5/10."
76561198072925910,Recommended,239160,9405326,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Renegade,I do reccomend this game because it wil make you feel like a badass when you play in the dark.
76561197960457521,Recommended,239160,9443611,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,cybernard,"I enjoyed playing this game.  The end was ""What just happened?"" , but I still enjoyed it.  It has stealth and can play without killing.  I liked the fact that compared to early games you can't take 3 people out standing next to each other without alerting people.  The graphics were vastly better than Deadly Shadows.  The areas are bigger and more explorable.  Multiple levels and not just ground level and a few places to acend.  Guards actually re-lite fires I put out, if they were alerted, yay for guards with brains.  The whole people/guard AI was better.  The basic story line is the whole save day/girl thing but it was still fun.  Now off to find the rest of the loot.    Bonk.....what's your is MINE!!"
,Recommended,239160,9505304,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Zanit,"If you like sneaking, theivery, and assassination, this is the best game you will ever 'aquire'. It's hard, it has a good backstory, and you can steal just about anything and everything worth stealing. This is by far the best stealth game I have ever played, and has the best, most realistic stealth mechanics I've ever seen. Even if you're more in it for the graphics, this game will surely never disappoint."
,Recommended,239160,13655468,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bullet_Catcher*,"Your typical stealth game that rewards you for avoiding combat.  Thief can be lots of fun once you figure out the basics, plan your route, and TAKE YOUR TIME.  I cannot stress how crucial that last part is with a game like this.  You make one little mistake and you entire shadow crawling world turns upside down.  Besides the boring storyline I rather enjoyed this game."
76561198116079568,Not Recommended,239160,17464498,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Thnake,Horribal game wouldn't let me ply 2nd mission :(
,Recommended,239160,14129667,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sahkonteic,A Thiefs End
76561198069735211,Not Recommended,239160,15748749,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,"PROS:-Great graphics-Simple controls-Customize-able HUD-Not too demanding on your systemCONS:-Inconvenient map (Always have to press F1 and go through the menu there to access it)-Minmap is sort of just there to make you feel better while you try to memorize the world-No day time makes for painfully redundant atmosphere/scenery-Sneaking around isn't really fun, it just feels tedious because of trial/error, saving/loading often-Entering through windows or more hidden locations is a pain.  You have to mash a button every time you enter and again after you leave through the same way.  You don't notice it at first but after awhile it gets seriously frustrating.-Characters lack pretty much any personality, most notably Garret-Voice acting isn't horrible but it's not good either-Guards usually repeat the same old lame one-liners-Facial expressions and movements in cutscenes are poorly done-Stealing doesn't feel like it holds any real merit as there are only a few items you need to buy which grant access to areas with MORE loot to steal.  Again, rather lame and redundant.-Every side job I've come across only involves theft.  I'm only 3 chapters in and it's all the same things over and over again. I understand the point of this game is thieving but they could have added something to spice it up.-As far as story goes, well, it's sub par. There are the rich, the poor, and the sick... who are also poor and then you have Garrett who hates politics but thinks he steals for a good cause and gets involved anyway.  It's nothing to write home about.I would just like to note that the first guy to give you missions looks like Ron Jeremy, so that was cool.  I guess that's what he's been doing since he got out of the business.Conclusion: If you catch this on sale for $5 then give it a go.  You'll get your money's worth but... it just isn't satisfying in my opinion.  Otherwise, I'd save your money for something else.One more thing, the game does not have the same charm as the originals do.  They are entirely different games.  You're better off playing those."
,Recommended,239160,9294408,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Nadeslos,"Don't let the Metacritic score fool you. If you're looking for a game that requires patience and cunning, Thief is for you. If you are wanting an assassination like game like Dishonored or Assassin's Creed, this is not for you. And no, it's not a spin off of Dishonored. Technically Dishonored is a spin off of the original Thief.8/10Oh and guards aren't stupid in this game at all. But play it on Thief difficulty, not Rogue."
,Recommended,239160,9289395,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,RpTheHotrod,"Most complaints are due to people not being aware of what the Thief series. They expect this to be an action packed game like Assassin's Creed but the gameplay is not remotely designed or intended to be that way. The game is worth a buy. Very fun. There are some issues that are frustrating, but overall, it's a fun game to play...especially with how rare true stealth games are (combat is a bad idea to even try...if you're in combat, you messed up)."
,Not Recommended,239160,13158652,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,RELEASE THE CRAICKEN,"I'm glad I gave the older Thief games a try first... I'll definitely be playing those instead of this one.I played the bajeezus out of Dishonored and wanted something new to ninja around in. This... doesn't do it for me. I just couldn't get into it, and it's not just the jaggy pop in textures and weird emo characters (although they do make me a sad panda), it's... something about the game itself. I haven't gotten far into the first real level. Maybe it gets better, but it does just feel like a poor man's Dishonored.Maybe I should give it another try."
,Recommended,239160,13655862,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nyquil,this game was actually pretty goodthe shinys were 11/10
76561198030942879,Recommended,239160,9537433,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,LordMerdin,Great Graphics. Its a well done Thief game.The mechanics come off clunky and unwieldly at times but you do get into it
,Recommended,239160,9560575,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,barbazu,I have found out this game dull regarding its main story. I did not dislike at all the stealth game system. I would not pay the 49 Euros price. I would wait for a discount. The scenarios of medieval towns are remarkable though.
76561198008895086,Recommended,239160,9679534,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,xXBlackWolfXx,lots of stealthing to do to avoid getting caught or you could go right into the area and take them down while in sight (i wouldnt reccomend that though lol) but this game is fricken awesome i love it...i just need to get better at stealthing though im already pritty good at it but i need to get better. over all i give this game a 7/10
76561198060674938,Recommended,239160,10144977,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Façade,"good game. if you want to really test your pc then run this game on ultra everything it is a hungry game for graphics. but it has a good story, a little confusing at times but otherwise its a good play and some scarys scenes too. ill give it 7.5/10"
76561197988924072,Recommended,239160,10604473,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Iaan,"It certainly has some of the atmospherics from the original Thief games - but the story ends up devolving into not much by the end of the game. The side missions get a little repetitive and don't seem to really be big money items (why would I steal something that's worth only a few gold?), which end up making it longer than it probably needs to be. I found that for the last three chapters I just sped through and didn't bother fully exploring. It felt like I'd seen everything after the first 3 chapters of playing."
76561198075461746,Recommended,239160,10497771,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,theaddiction2,"I've heard a lot of complaints from people around the time of this game's release, which made me skeptical from buying it. So I decided tot hold off until it went on sale and then bought it to see what all the fuss is about. I'm almost finished with chapter 3 at the time of this review and I can honestly say I'm pretty impressed with the game. It's not as good of a stealth game as something like Dishonored or Hitman, but it's a good game. The combat sucks, the AI is very bipolar, they either are oblivious to you or spot you from a mile away, and the story/enviroment isn't that good. Besides that the game is pretty good, I'd not grab it at full price, but when it goes on sale it's a great choice to spend your money on."
,Recommended,239160,10675060,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,EKToRNo,"I'm not the type who enjoys games focused around stealth, but this game... I can't stop playing it! I would recommend this game to anyone who thinks they would like stealth games."
,Recommended,239160,10706657,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ViTi,"This game was really good i loved it and every moment of it made me feel like a acctuall thief, you can follow the story if you want which is scary, exsillerating, fun and just makes you laugh in defeat, i reccomend this game to anyone and everyone that loves a good story or just loves to kill gaurds in city"
76561197986025363,Recommended,239160,9554620,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,anvil,"I played the Thief demo when it came out in the late 90's. I bought it as soon as it came out. I bought Thief 2. I bought the third ""Thief"". I bought Thief Gold when it came out. Then I repurchased all three on Steam. Suffice to say, I really REALLY like Thief. Needless to say, I had high expectations for this game.It didn't disappoint! This iteration is addicting, despite some issues. To avoid a tl;dr, I'll summarize:The good:Love the bow. LOVE the bow.Ambient sound and music is spot on (a cornerstone of the originals)Rich environments and some ""feels real"" settingsAt least one level that will make you want to curl up into a fetal position and weep in shame at your fearThe bad:Can't jump, except for under certain circumstancesSome levels feel small-ish, some feel abnormally large (i.e. a wooden ship that seems to have acres of square footage)The map. It's nigh useless, especially if you're trying to track down the level entrances once you've beat the game.The ugly (spoilers?):The story. That's not to say it's a bad story, because it really isn't, in my humble opinion. It's just incomplete. Garrett was out for a year, and there's loud hints dropped that he was in an asylum. Why? How did he get out? The Gloom is gutting The City. Why? What is it? Where did it come from? Is it even connected with the plot? What happened to Erin? Who IS Erin, anyway? And oh my! Garrett's eye is part of a mysterious crystal! Yet nothing comes of that. His eye remains intact and the crystal seems to get put back together without it. So why bring it up?Square Enix and Eidos Montreal have created a great platform that could see some very epic gameplay, it's just a shame they didn't spend a wee bit longer on fleshing out the main story."
,Recommended,239160,10114379,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,DennisKRQ,"OK, I'm not a classic Thief player, but I love this Thief, it's like Dishonored but more technical and visually impressive"
76561197998421909,Recommended,239160,10147686,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,The M-man,"While different for its original games, the new Thief reboot is suprisingly fun! if you can set aside the diffrences you'll find an awesome stealth-em up where you can make the game harder depending on your prefrences."
,Recommended,239160,10306906,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Gayfield,Even if you play this game for only one minute you will see how amazing this game is.
,Recommended,239160,10464397,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,The Great Wolf,This game is so awesome that it will crash at every chapter!
,Recommended,239160,10495158,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Scrappy,"I think a lot of the reviews for this game are a bit harsh. I mean it's not going to win game of the year or anything but for the money it's pretty much all there. It's got a half decent story, it's not exactly challenging but it's fun enough. It's just an easy play, you don't have to think about it to much and it's entertaining. The graphics are beautiful and the voice acting is good, it plays a bit like dishonoured which is definatly a plus in my book. Overall if you have a bit of spare cash it 's worth it if you are into stealth and stuff like that, however there isn't as much combat as i thought there would be and frankly the combat sytem sucks, because there isn't really one there to be honest. combat, on the rare occasion that you actually get into it consists of mashing r and holding down q... not the greatest but it's not a big deal because it's a very small part of the game. If you are not sure wait untill it goes on sale (like i did). but honestly it is really not as bad as the reviews and metascore make out."
76561198125120572,Recommended,239160,10530954,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DustyJellyfish,Absolutly Amazing Game! Great Graphics And if you love archery this is also the  game for you!
,Recommended,239160,10574464,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Panda#2,"Probably one of my favorite series since I was a little kid. So glad it's back. Played the entire game, and it's just beatiful even on the lowest posible graphic settings. Well done guys!"
,Recommended,239160,10575129,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MuserGaming,i think this game is awesome. they have added alot of the mini details that i would like to see in a game such as being able to see your legs and feet which i love. i would highly recomend this game to anyone who plays rpg games of course such and horrror :) i give it a 5 Star Rating
76561198011290885,Recommended,239160,10580981,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,aiddin,repeditive ..but fun aswell
76561197989467681,Recommended,239160,10676380,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Foxfire9,Awsome free world play!
76561198025625270,Recommended,239160,9442037,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,xterminal86,"Well, I haven't completed it yet, but I guess I've played enough to get the picture.Well, first of all, I must admit, that, despite all those negative reviews I've heard and read, the game is quite nicely done. If you never played the original trilogy, I think you may like this game, so I would recommend it to the average, ""non-Thief fan"" gamer.Thief fans will probably be disappointed, because, although everything looks familiar, but it's not... I think they won't get what they would like to. Yeah, the gameplay is modeled after the original first two games: first person only and stuff. But still, it's not the same. I personally think the most addictive part of the original trilogy was the setting. Some unknown big City, Hammerites, Keepers, and great plot in every game... Well, except for the Metal Age maybe. And here you have to forget all this. It's impossible for a fan of the series. Make the One True Keeper some nameless burglar...But if you are not acquainted with the series, I guess if you would play it backwards, like, this game first and then the original trilogy in its order, it would be OK... Nah, it's stupid.Oh, and the voice actor for Garrett here is not that bad, but as a series fan I prefer the old Garrett by Stephen Russell."
,Recommended,239160,9443652,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Lauren Jamilah,"AMAZING. BUY IT YOU KNOW YOU ♥♥♥♥ING WANT IT. Reminds me a lot of Dishonored which was another game I loved. Of course the premise is very different, but visually it feels a lot similar. I highly suggest you get it, if you don't a thief is going to come in the middle of the night and steal all your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239160,9602036,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Apathy,"So the reboot of Thief is here. Garrett has a new voice. And our Thief universe has a new paint job.But how does the rest stand up? In truth the game is alot of fun in the beginning. But becomes a chore near the end. And the reboot has committed blasphemy by omitting The Keepers, The Hammerite Faction and the Pagans.Further blasphemy by giving Garrett supernatural powers that aren't really all that super.  If you're going to make a choice like that, PULL THE TRIGGER or don't. Don't half♥♥♥♥♥it... And the capital sin they commited was not having Stephen Russell back as the voice of Garrett. That is a travesty. The new guy isn't bad. But Garrett is an icon in the stealth gaming world. And to change his voice is the same as changing the voice for Mario or Master Chief. You just DON'T ♥♥♥♥ing do it.That being said. The level design is great. A lot of people are complaining. Saying its too hard to get around.... Duh!!! Its a plague bound city and you are a wanted Thief... Do you really expect the game to just let you stroll wherever you feel like? NO! When did gamers become such spoiled brats.  Misison designs.. They are beautiful! Many intelligently designed levels with lots to explore and loot.Another bogus complaint from ""old hardcore fans"" about what Garrett steals... Yes you steal everything that isn't bolted down. Candlesticks, silverware, glasses all the way up to jewels, masks, and big♥♥♥♥♥diamonds. And if you think he didnt steal candlesticks and silverware in the first games GO BACK AND PLAY THEM!  Thief the Dark Project hilariously left out gem stones in the most laughably convenient places, Thief 4 (This game) fixes that.   You are often rewarded for exploring by finding very intricate precious shiny things.  Its realistic to the universe you are playing in.Combat? This is where it starts getting bad marks. You have the blackjack again. But doesn't function quite like the sword/dagger did in the original games. If discovered you will tap an enemy with this pathetic thing about a 1000 times until they take a knee and you can finish them off with a ""charged attack."" Its just not very fluid. You don't feel dangerous. I get that Garrett is a thief, and not an assassin. But still. A Master Thief would equip himself more adaquately.Movement? People say its clunky. Hmmmm.. Yes and no. You can move very well. You can quickly dash thru your oppositions peripheral vision without being seen. Enemies don't immediately spot you. But depending how visible you are and how brash your action is it will take a moment for them to full on spot you. They can become mildly curious. Or suspicious and search for a time, or full on spot you and go nerd rage on you and call all their friends and you'll only have your trusty Magical Blackjack of the Rabbit - Item Level 1 to defend yourself with in close quarters.... Bad joke aside.  Back to movement. Jumping is more contextual. You can't freely jump from platform to platform. Rooftop to rooftop. The game has to kind of recognize where you are trying to go. Whats in range. and if you can jump there. This is kind of clunkly. But its nothing you can't get around without taking your time to position yourself correctly.  It can be annoying. but 9/10 times its fine. and most gamers are just ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it.Garretts equipment also bugs the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me. Most his arrows are very weak when used in combat. Until you get sawtooth arrows and upgrade your bow a bit.  Many upgrades are overpriced and underpowered. Focus points that bolster your special abilities are also underpowered and overpriced.  This is where Thief LOSES to Dishonored, which is what most fans are comparing it to - and rightly so - because Dishonored COMMITED to its gameplay better. You want supernatural? you could teleport, slow time, tranform into things. Garrett's most used ability in Thief 4 is his Focus vision. And there is no mana regen. You have to eat magical flowers to get you're energy back.The story? It is interesting. Or atleast i find it interesting. But unfortunately not interesting enough to want to trudge thru the later levels. The game goes from being fun and rewarding to being mediocre and a chore. And the story just can't really do anything to pull you through.The game does well until the last few levels. Then it goes all Hitman: Absolution on us and creates many needless bottlenecks. You're stealth just won't be enough to get you through. It forces you to fight. And that isn't accurate or true to the Thief series.  Again - Dishonored didn't do this to us either. You could humiliate your opposition without them ever knowing you were even there.Is Thief WORTH PLAYING? Yes it is. Is it worth the AAA price? a very heartfelt NO.There is A TON of content in the game. Lots of sidequests, lots of bonus objectives,  lots to unlocks.That brings me to another point.. the bonus objectives.... They are a complete cluster-♥♥♥♥.Missions  FOR EXAMPLE will tell you something like ""Knock out 5 guards"" and then also assign a bonus like ""complete the level without knocking out any guards""    so you're going to have to replay the mission in order to complete all the bonuses which give you extra gold...... You can't just patiently, methodically, deliberately ace a level and walk out with everything done in one playthrough.   That's BAD GAME DESIGN! again!!! COMMIT or dont!♥♥♥♥♥♥or get off the pot!!!Again.. there is alot to do... The game is B E A UTIFUL! The Stealth gameplay is very satisfying for the most part.The game itself is a 6.5/10 for me. Which i hate to say. I was REALLY enjoying the game  early on. Picking locks, picking pockets. Stealing everything that wasn't nailed down.  But it loses its momentum halfway thru the game. I do hope they make a fifth game, and FIX their mistakes here.again. 6.5. Wait for it to go on sale before you need a fix for your stealth gameplay needs."
,Recommended,239160,9678207,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ballack,"Except for the fact that the levels are quite linear, it is a fantastic game!"
76561198064963904,Recommended,239160,9750141,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ljuti Krajisnik,"A masterpiece to me. I personally recomend this game to people with a love for stealth games, hence the name thief. 10/10 no doubt!"
,Recommended,239160,10014184,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,SaiTorr,"Thief is a Stealth game with both fun and addiciting mechanics that will surely make you feel like the Master Thief the game wants you to be. But the biggest problem with this game is the story. It has to be one of the laziest, insensible stories to ever be featured in a video game. At very few points is it ever interesting, and at very points does it make sense. The open-world is dull, but can be fun, and the ability to set modifiers for your difficulty mode when starting the game allows you to go as hardcore as fan could want. If you look past the story and lack of life, then this game can be really fun. But only if you like Stealth games.6/10"
76561197985216224,Recommended,239160,11977325,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Flasheart,"Very good game overall. A bit different to previous Thief games. More liner in terms of mission space but much more open between missions than other versions of thief. Map is awful, sound is buggy. The main character is really well executed, previous versions of him were much more interesting and better portrayed. Graphics are really good, a set up over human revolution but they seem to have come at a design cost in the form of loading screens. Combat was done much better in previous games. The interactivity of the world is a big improvement over past games. In comparison to Dishonoured, Thief is much darker, even though it draws on similar themes. Garret is a much more interesting character than Corvo but the voice artist in this game does not give the best performance. Gone is the world weary Garret and he is now a bit too smug."
76561198077722540,Recommended,239160,18071303,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Banshee,"I quiet like this game, it may not be everyone sort of taste.but i would recommend it to people who love, stealing, killing, parkour-ish, sneaking and unsual storyline."
,Recommended,239160,9536824,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,»5tayFro5ty«,"Thief may not be everyone's kind of game and there are many comparisons to Dishonored. Both were extremely playable. The replay value is high and although you can do the usual go through harder difficulty, the 15 or so side missions are also good. My rating on replay value is a 9 with the game about 8. Smooth action except for a minore bug with some of the AI doing a ""jitterbug."" Otherwise Thief is stable with a good story line."
,Recommended,239160,9555235,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Blitz,im gonna start with that the Graphics and gameplay is realy good the thing that i found was that the Graphics  was too good for my computer and the game crashed and the graphic card thingy stoped responding but I REALY RECOMMEND IT it is worth the money if you have a good gaming computer that can run almost any game with no problem
,Recommended,239160,9623122,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,ЯЄїԺᴈᴚ,"You need to be a person of thinkin around and inside the box... This game has it's advantages as was as the the latter. It gets more in depth as you go on, be aware that every action helps or destroys you. Chose your gaming style, you'll learn what you can  and cannot do. Use your resourses wisely. Great game, I enjoyed it."
76561198079397777,Recommended,239160,9669672,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ace of Throwing Cards,"There are lots of conflicting opinions of this game. That's probably because some of the elements of this game are put together quite well while others seem like they were rushed through. Everything about Garret's sneaking around is flawless. The levels are also done well. Everything about his bow is great to. Also Garret has all these modified arrows that are so awesome.On the other hand it feels like the story line and the cut-scenes were an afterthought.If you are impatient you will not like this game. The next gen graphics take a while to load in between levels. Also you can't rush in and overpower your enemies. If you try that you will always die. That sounds bad, but it's not. This game makes the player plan my every move carefully providing them with a good challenge. It plays like a stealth game, because it's a stealth game (what a concept). If you played a previous thief game and enjoyed it you will probably enjoy this one. Over all it was a lot of fun and I that's the most important thing. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,239160,9695968,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,1724,Amazing; sadly under-rated by some others.
,Recommended,239160,9700756,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Drunken Heretic,"The game is absolutely tremendous, and is a great addition to the Thief franchise. However, there is only one fatal flaw in the game that is making me write this review, and it is that one flaw that ruins the game completely.(NOTE: THIS HAS BEEN FIXED BUT READ ANYWAY)There is a bug in the game, and how it got past the QA team, it is a mystery. The bug consists of me trying to leave the clock tower after beating the 4th chapter. However, when I go to leave the clock tower, I am placed right smack dab in the middle of it, furthermore unable to leave or even proceed with the game. It is because of this fatal error that I simply cannot recommend this game. The game was working absolutely flawless up until this point, and up until then the game was just ruined for me.EDIT: Apparently Square Enix moderators aren't taking this seriously at all on the Thief forums(http://forums.eidosgames.com/showpost.php?p=1999513&postcount=7), as opposed to them quickly answering a gaming magazine about the issue(http://www.gameinformer.com/b/news/archive/2014/04/01/users-report-date-related-thief-save-data-corruption-square-enix-responds-.aspx). I've tried doing the suggested action of reverting my computer time to April 8th, but that hasn't worked.Due to the irresponsibility of the company's staff and their lack of response to customers in place of the hasty response to public magazines, This game has earned an indefinite 1/10.EDIT EDIT: The bug has been fixed but the way the staff handled it was still unprofessional. The game is now playable just fine, but who knows what else could happen that could make the game unenjoyable? Only time will tell. The game's great, the techincal support, however, is not. For now, my final verdict is a 6/10, and is reccomended, as opposed to me earlier not reccomending it."
76561198055146322,Recommended,239160,9875138,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Raendwyr,"9.9 out of 10.The story is amazing and really envolving just as the caracthers.I really ked the caracthers, specially Garrett. He's very carismatic and sometimes ironic ( makes a few jokes and they're all funny, if they tch withthe situation ).It's a really smooth gameplay, all the moviments are perfectly designed, it's just beautiful when you're runningand you jump a wall...The stealth sistem is amazing and very detailed, the graphics and the ambientation are gorgeous and ultra ♥♥♥♥ing detailed.Little details as when you pass trough a courtain it moves and Garrett's hands pushes the courtain it's beautiful.It has some bugs like enemies dissapearing, enemies getting trough walls and doors and seeing you when you're hiding, but are not frequent and does not affect all your gameplay.So it's an amazing game, with amazing graphics and ambientation. So if you have the buy it! XD"
76561198112638667,Recommended,239160,9878406,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,JoseRicoTacoNacho,I love this game.
76561198001823062,Recommended,239160,10312252,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Oscar Koehnen,"When first glancing at this game, I was in awe of the story depicted. The graphics were so good that it was difficult to ignore. However, when I began to play it, I found it terrible. Looking back now, I believe I was too judgemental. Being slightly impatient, I gave up the minute I couldn't remember how to run (silly!). I struggle at times remembering all the buttons needed! The useful side of this game is that it does remind you of which buttons to press at what times.I consider this to be one of the best games I have ever played. If you like Assassins Creed, you will love this! It is as versatile as the Assassins Creed games, as you do not have to follow the storyline all the time. In addition to this, it's incredibly fun to loot other people's houses by breaking in through windows. Having to always hide in the shadows makes it interesting, as you are required to plan where you will next move to and when (with guards all over the place, this can be tricky!) All this amazing gameplay and an epic story makes this a game which is hard to put down. Love it!"
76561198043271760,Recommended,239160,10496932,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,DrgHybrid,"Not the best game, but not the worst either. As someone that embraces additions onto a game but does remember the old ones fondly, I'm hoping I can put together a pretty decent detailed review for everyone.Now, the pros of the game compared to the old ones is the sneaking. I love being able to sneak around the corners and get guards right when they least expect it. Guards do seem abit more attentive then they were in past games, so placing a body where it won't be exposed is key. However, if the body is seen they will look around for you for a little bit and then just walk over the body like it's no big deal. Eh. You still have your various arsenal of arrows and gadgets to help you get around with ease. Bringing a couple of new additions into the game as well makes things easier and the detail to the game is fantastic (the first time around seeing the same thing) but even that does grow a bit bland. I mean, how can you remember which window you snuck into when they all look exactly the same? Player detail can get a little annoying but the main characters in the game do pretty much have their own models. Did I mention there are prostitues everywhere that you can't do anything with? Yah, deal with it.One of the biggest cons in this game is the map layout. It can be very confusing and isn't as straight forward as it was, say in the last expansion of Thief (which was my favorite) and you can quickly get turned around or end up running into a wall but the arrow to your next objective is through it. The game requires you to go through numerous windows and pick several locked doors, dodging out of sight. Even trying to use the map isn't very helpful because it stacks the different layers upon each other. I also miss the Brotherhood in there, forest guys, or even the main dudes in robes. Have yet to encounter any forms of mutants. The lock picking system is a new thing where you don't turn the mouse and line it up to the exact spot like the old ones. Instead it's rotate the mouse until a little bubble lights up and you can unlock it. No worries on your lock pick breaking though, it just alerts the nearby guard that has super hearing and can hear that little click. Does make the lock picking quicker but also a little less demanding and challenging.Overall, it's got a pretty decent story, does keep you wanting to play more, and doesn't let you just go crazy with attacking things, actually making you do stealth like a proper Thief game should. The graphics do start to look the same and repetitve, but that's only something minor. I give it a 7/10 but only if you like sneaky games. Do not view it as a promising replay once beaten game, but if you take it slow can offer hours of good enjoyment."
,Recommended,239160,10532557,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,♛ Kriz K,All about This Game is-Stay as a shadow-never get caught-finish unnotized the mission-beeing sneky peaky
76561198039726612,Recommended,239160,10549904,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Delcid,Really fun game!
76561197992048648,Recommended,239160,9415176,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Muska,dispite the bad review it has from main stream media dont let that fool you its an exilent edition to the thief frenchise as i injoyed the previus 3 i have no problem with the new one well done shadows mechanic good replayebility and after the game is done you can still go round and find more hidden things and i think a nice cliffhanger for a DLC or a next thief
76561198024043745,Recommended,239160,9419338,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Jäger.#,"pretty good stealth game with a great atmopshere but it can get pretty repetitive. but still a very solid game 8/10p.s the ""horror"" level is very well designed and lets you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants here and there."
76561198026250065,Recommended,239160,9420382,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Sandman,"one of the best games of 2014 hands down! i like the way the game is set out (even thou its abit linear), thief looks amazing graphics with hair raising game play llike your really there. well done eidios as you've hit the nail on the head."
76561198060960349,Recommended,239160,9445728,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Eagan,LOVED THIS GAME! until the end but think that garrett was reaching for the hook but just couldn't get there in time so screw that girl who said he was reaching for the book to fulfill his greed
76561198017346987,Recommended,239160,9541887,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Madvillain,"As a fan of the stealth genre, I find Thief to be an amazing game. It has great gameplay mechanics and a pretty good story. The grafics are solid as well as the voice acting. I would definitely give this game a 9/10."
76561198003651479,Recommended,239160,9671410,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,DiamondDog,Well it lost the feel of the first ones some how. I personally didn't like how it felt linear. You could only attach rope arrows to certain 'fixed' spots. My favorite part about the original games was you could put those things (rope arrows) anywhere and get to some really crazy places... Still good though.
76561198050097034,Recommended,239160,10549036,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Thoughtturtle24,Love the fact that there is no carry weight!
76561198138563807,Recommended,239160,10550369,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Beccachu,"Great game. There are occasional bugs with the third person climbing. On the upside, the story is impeccable and the graphics are drool worthy. I am new to the thief series and there for am not begginig for continuity, but other than that I am overly pleased."
76561198082047052,Recommended,239160,10551738,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hunaruna,Not Bad...  Not Great...Good Game but also very linear7/10
,Recommended,239160,10559390,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SquidwardSahSexy,"Pretty darn good game. I got it when it was 15 bucks, so i'm not sure if the game is worth the undiscounted price. Nonetheless, a good game. Controls get a little annoying at times, and the voice acting is stale. Apart from that, story is good, atmosphere is awesome and the graphics are pretty good as well. Though Garrett lacks the charisma of Ezio from AC, he's likeable enough. Story takes you through a variety of locations that maintain the game's dark theme, but it's varied enough to not get boring.7/10, though i'm not sure if i would buy it at its full price."
,Recommended,239160,10571797,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheMighty0wl,"Ok. So when this was first anounced, I was super excited. It looked to cool. However, I bought it when it went on sale for $15. All i can say is the game is not worth the $15 I payed. I would say it is more worth $10 or less. The game looks a lot like dishonored except worse combat and stelth. Also, the map is way to small and there is nothing to do in it. It gives you a sence of openness but once you start to actually run around, there is really nowhere to go except the next mission. all windows and doors you enter any have one room to explore and nothing to sneak around. And the allys, roofs, and streets are so narrow sometimes that you either get stuck or trapped. The lack of jumping is also depresing becasue the only way you can get from the ground, up is by using the designated areas to soot your rope arrow or use the club.I am not going to say this is a great game, it just felt like they took an only version, polished it, and slapped a new name and price onto it. I am, however, still going to recamend playing it becasue if you liked the others, you will like this one. I did like this one but im justsaying they could have done better."
76561197970148282,Recommended,239160,10578033,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Overseer,"I mean, you steal♥♥♥♥♥♥and shoot people's faces off. Its okay."
76561197970340727,Recommended,239160,10585307,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,jkelly19,Still trying to get into this game. Maybe it will grow on me.
76561198059762616,Recommended,239160,10592721,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr.Dr.Professer Stuffings The,Yes it is awesome
,Recommended,239160,10670525,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,gamesmaster700,Great game with good graphics
,Recommended,239160,10672064,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,e16997c6c757fbd367b630f32d5481ef,Decent
76561198122655621,Recommended,239160,10678786,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RedLabelSaint,This is a great game!
76561198009901463,Recommended,239160,10699063,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nizo DBF,great game :D
76561198063281813,Recommended,239160,10706849,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,InsanityWolf,"If you're a fan of the original Thief games then you'll have fun with this reboot of the franchise. It adds enough new features on the original games to make it interesting, and its fun to have another adventure hiding in the shadows as a master thief once again.As a newcomer, this game wouldn't feel much more than an average. The story isn't that great and you don't end up really caring for any the characters. My biggest gripe was that the apparent open world city was too annoying to get from one side to another, which you had to do often. Nothing about the game is cutting edge in anyway and it might be best to leave this one unless you are a fan of the Thief franchise or you can pick this up for cheap.It was fun enough while it lasted, and I hope the next one's better."
,Recommended,239160,10707765,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Boxroid,Yall mother♥♥♥♥as need thief
76561198091801069,Recommended,239160,10726290,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr.Yan,soooo gud
,Recommended,239160,9403515,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ataashi--The Glorious One,"I absolutely loved this game from beginning to end, and have already started replaying it from different approaches to experience it at its fullest.The graphics are incredible, the story compelling, the action at times intense.I am hopeful they provide some killer DLC over the next year."
,Recommended,239160,9446455,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,The_Last_Bastion,"Thief holds true to the series, in my opinion.  Garret is still the same master thief with the same attitude and skillset, with a few additions.  The game looks awesome and the control scheme and gameplay are spot on.  If you like all out combat and killing everything around you with sword and fire, then this is NOT the game for you.  If you like to sneak, steal and be gone before they know what hit them... then buy Thief.  Awesome game."
76561198119469185,Recommended,239160,9664499,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Nuclear Toast,This game is one of the best stealth games i have ever played. just the overall mechanics are amazing.
76561198122751515,Recommended,239160,9806600,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,please play roblox with me,SO FUN! But I am only 10 years old and it is super scary in chapter 5. I'm a scardey cat and i want to play it but it is REALLY SCARY with thos little alien things  -_-.Marking this as horror!BUT GREAT GAME. GO SQUARE ENIX!
,Recommended,239160,9861339,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Rider4Life505,"This is an AMAZING game. the graphics are really high so some of the nicest running laptops will have trouble running this game. You have to play as a thief and steal things (which everyone loves to do, if you played skyrim and GTA) This game is an open world a little as well, so it isnt always mission after misson. you have side quests that you can do along side the story which is a great add on to the game."
76561198084432307,Recommended,239160,9629204,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,NbCgX6304,A very good game involving stealth through out
,Recommended,239160,9729182,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,{SLURP}Legion,this is a good game but it has terrible lag if you dont have a good computer. its hard for me to get around the title screen
,Recommended,239160,9738397,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Dasc,"Everything I wanted from a stealth game. The levels are beautiful, missions were fun, the cinematics amazing, voice acting was glorious, and it's the most fun I have had with a game in a long time. Was worth the wait, and worth replaying!"
76561198047909180,Recommended,239160,10013422,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,DarkMatter,"EDIT: Much improved since 1.4 patch which added many missing items and bug fixes. Definetly a game for stealth fans. It looks like a new update has just been released which I'm yet to test before my final verdict, but so far I'd only just give it an 8/10 for a stealth game, worth playing with an atmospheric story that will provide some enjoyment for those with patience. Finding all the loot in the main city is quite difficult and is one of the main drawbacks if you want to complete the story with 100% completion. Thief also has a little too much ""hand holding"" and requires the use of using blunt arrows as an exploit to distract guards in order to complete some of the missions with a Ghost rating.Missing items before the 1.4 patch, I'm also yet to see if the latest patch has added the complete list of missing items. Good game once you move on to the second chapter, but needed some intial bug fixes, I'd wait to see if the latest patch has added the last few missing items ( a few documents and possibly some main city loot was missing) or get it cheap on sale. You can always go back and repeat chapters once they are finished by accessing them from their starting points which are dotted around the city, so you don't have to restart a new game unless you want to change the difficulty level or customise some of the difficulty settings."
,Recommended,239160,10499404,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Kambuja,This game was AWESOME! up until the asylum. then i flipped my♥♥♥♥♥♥and all my friends laughed.
76561198063948208,Recommended,239160,10599135,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Scinoiva,This game had a great playthrough with challenges at every corner. Different from the original series but still good in my opnion. Love the weapons and side quests.
76561198041170322,Recommended,239160,10738975,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vaingloriousn00b,"Solid stealth title. A bit too scripted and a few too many loading screens, but other than that, it's actually quite entertaining 8/10."
76561198099742160,Recommended,239160,9511386,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,VoidWalker,"If you have a high end pc to play this on 60fps and everything maxed out at 1080, you'll know how amazing the game looks.But the downsides are too many to name. Character models are all same or similar to eachother and the city looks basically dead. You see some civilians around but they dont contribute to the overall feeling of the city. It just feels empty. There should have been some daytime missions at least to change the feeling a bit. Story isnt that interesting either and stealing sometimes feels like a chore and most of the items doesnt worth much. Not much options for hand to hand combat, you can only dodge, attack and quick finish off and the animations for those are all the same. I am still going to recommend this game as it looks absolutely gorgeous on a high end PC.6/10"
76561197991740739,Recommended,239160,9539677,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,HELLRAZER_CIGGYBLAZER69,AWSOME IF U LIKE SKYRIM OR STEALTH GAMES U WILL LOVE THIS GAME AND U CAN BUY ARROWS AND STUFF IN THE DLC LINK NEXST 2 THE GAME 4 $0.99
,Recommended,239160,9606443,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Winter Solder,"If you play this, you have to realize this game has a different orientation than many other hide-in-the-dark games. You're a thief, not an assassin. Your goal is not the same as an assassin, and neither is your loadout or your training. You're versatile and quick, but you do not have a sword, you have a blackjack. Key to playing the game right, is to understand that you're not here to kill guards and night shifts, you're there to steal.You have a bow, which supports broadheads, so you can take out targets, and the game recognizes you as a predator if you chose to kill or takeout a lot of the henchmen. Once again, it's not really the objective of the game, but for me, it just happens, I get into a fight and see fit to slap the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a guard with a blackjack. You will knock them out, but not kill them."
,Recommended,239160,9633841,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,metric.seven,Garret can pick my lock anytime..
,Recommended,239160,9689340,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Eden-Winn,Yey Thief
,Recommended,239160,9841340,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,sardiskan,"I fun game on it's own. If you are looking for the nostagia from the previous Thief games, you aren't going to get it here."
76561198062625158,Recommended,239160,10456389,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,garry o' Riviara,"I really enjoyed this game and I recomend it. Although I have heard many negative reveiws from long-time fans of the series. I have never played the original, so as a noob to the series, I really enjoyed it! :)"
76561198001176111,Recommended,239160,10471627,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Darketta,loved this! it was alot of fun to play :)
,Recommended,239160,9442734,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Tigen07,"Truthfully I have never played any of the older Thief games, but I thought this looked good so I got it. I am so glad I did, I read many mixed reviews on this game and wasnt sure which to believe so I tried it and I can honestly say i really enjoyed this game and can recommend it to anyone that likes being stealthy or really enjoyed Dishonored! Even if you didnt like Dishonored I would still recommend this game as it is really good."
,Recommended,239160,9445375,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,cruinh,"""Do you recommend this game?""  Barely.  Despite a bevy of complaints, I still find it hard to pick either way.  I did enjoy playing it for a solid 40 hours.  On the other hand, I came away from it very disappointed.  It plays like a Thief game.  It sounds like a Thief game.  It doesn't FEEL like a Thief game, though.  I'll explain why in a moment but let me get to the good points first.  Oh and by the way this will be full of spoilers.The sneaking and actual gameplay is great.  Most levels were actually surprisingly tricky to sneak through unnoticed.  But there was always a way.  I must've replayed most sections at least a few times trying to get it just right.  Figuring out those situations was quite satisfying.Two levels in particular(one in an abandoned asylum, the other in some fantastic buried ruins)affected me quite a lot.  One was marvelously creepy and scary with tons of great moments.  The other was just a joy to wander through and wonder at the mystery of it all.  And it helped that both levels were quite nostalgic of great moments/themes in past Thief games.And one more good thing I can say is that, taken on its own merits, I think the story in this game wasn't terrible.  I almost cared about it at times.  And it definately had me wondering where it would go next... I kept playing just to see if the great potential of it all would pan out.  Their were certainly some fantastic opportunities for some really classic revalations to be made......which the writers/devs completely failed to take advantage of.  That's the first of my complaints.  The story overall does fall flat in the end.  And speaking of the ending, it's one of the worst I've seen in a while.  They tried to make it artsy, which some may appreciate.  However....it comes way too fast, is way, way too short, resolves the story only as much as it absolutely has to, and leaves to rot all that glorious potential for tie-ins back to past games.  There is absolutely no attempt to continue to hook the player.  Nothing at all to leave you saying, ""Ooooh I can't wait to see where the next game goes!""Looking back at the game in general, none of the interesting personality of past Thief games is there.  This I believe is probably becausethey decided to completely leave out all the great factions from previous games.  No Hammerites.  No Mechanists.  No Pagans.  In fact they're never even mentioned aloud.There's guards, but they're not anywhere near as interesting to listen to.  And they repeat their lines way way way too often for how dull they are.  I miss the oafish buffoon guard complaining that he'd rather be at a bear baiting.The side missions are mostly useless time-fillers that are there just to let you earn some money without actually providing any interesting content.  The environments look beautiful but nothing feels lived in.  There's plenty of books to pick up and read, but doing so opens an extremely basic, minimal text menu.  With all the beautiful modelling, texturing and animation in the game... why not show me reading an actual book?  Immerse me in the world more!  Don't remind me I'm playing a video game by showing me a menu unless I'm trying to change video settings or something.I very nearly didn't recommend this game, for all these reasons.  Particularly for the horrendous ending.  You never want to end a game like this with a, ""WTF, that's it?!?""  Honestly, I think that kinda ruined the game for me.  But the more I think back on it, the more I can see that I did enjoy the majority of the time I spent actually playing it.  Particularly because the missions were challenging to perfect.  Given some time I could see myself going back and having a bit of fun knocking out the few achievements and secrets I missed.  But I'd also be disappointed again by all the wasted potential and lost opportunities for a game that could've been truely great."
,Recommended,239160,9469657,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Emk,"Very cool, lively atmosphere for a stealth game"
,Recommended,239160,9504066,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,PFC Weaver [3rd ID],"It’s an alright game, deserves a play through and other gamers will find things to go back to and collect while playing it again. Overall a game that is worth playing, yet a game that isn’t worth its title price, wait until a sale comes out for it."
,Recommended,239160,9646319,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Ghizmo,I really like it. Yes it has its flaws compared to the other thief games. But I enjoyed it anyway.
76561197981196624,Recommended,239160,9678961,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,The Distorted,"As a huge fan of the franchise (having been there since the beginning) I can safely say that this is better than a better-than-average game, but don't expect the genius of the previous entries in the series.Nothing particularly memorable, but a solid 7/10 (or 73/100) stealth game."
76561197970780957,Recommended,239160,10461324,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Kelnorxv,"Pretty Good suffers from stupid issues like Rope arrows only can be used at certain points all tunnels look the same etc etc could have done with more work but game play not bad enjoyable 18hours game play and stroy was very good.No were near as Open world as It could have been but better than Deadly Shadows , Missions not as good as Thief or metal age.Overall 88/100. Could have been better."
76561198134421215,Recommended,239160,10467328,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Luna,Awesome!
76561197961245806,Recommended,239160,10674998,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Copey`,Great game to play slowly and explore in
,Recommended,239160,9508263,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Slipcell,"What I wanted from dishonored, executed how I wanted it to be and looking how I wanted it to."
76561198031076968,Recommended,239160,9512044,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Stavros,Incredeble gameplay nice puzzles and not boring
,Recommended,239160,9700771,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Triggered,"Is a very good game, has a good open world concept and is also quite cool to go around undetected :D"
,Recommended,239160,9714850,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,LinDarkKnight,A lovely game just can't resolve the sound bug. So until it is fixed i will put this on the back burner. :D
76561198047971804,Recommended,239160,9715344,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Cavemonkey,"I have just started this game after 24 hours download. The game is not smooth to play, I could not make it in the beginning running after Erin over the first roof top. After pressing my space button about five times very quickly I made it but it still jerks a lot.I have adjusted the settings for low resultions and still no change.My graphics card is Nividia 240 and I believe I need a better updated graphics card. Hopefully this is the reason!"
76561198055083467,Recommended,239160,9752945,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,dougscheufler,great game the only questionable thing to me is buying the challange levels and finding out youve already played them in story mode.
76561198041008696,Recommended,239160,9705819,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Dr. Rockso,Keep reloading same cutscene cant get out of the damn clocktower this is pointless
76561198062668557,Recommended,239160,9749003,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Arthur 'Friend' Morgan,"Mixed feelings, I mostly like the gameplay but certain aspects of the skill system and the story makes it a let down."
76561198049828169,Recommended,239160,9760501,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Bowser,nice
76561198126089283,Recommended,239160,9766677,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Xechs,"I just finished this game and I got to say it's a pretty fun game! This coming from someone that never played a stealth game before. The graphics are fantasic but I think the story lacks a bit and the lagging of the cutsences ( I think that the lagging problem is just my laptop overloading). I read about all the boo pre/reviews about the ""new"" Garrett, the game itself and such but I kept an open mind and went and got the game. Worth it!!"
,Recommended,239160,9805646,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,ZuperAokii /Amateur Swami/,"Highly recommended. Dark story, darker world and a game that gets you thinking outside the box. one of my favourite stealth games. highly addictive and gets your heart racing quite a lot."
76561198094854273,Recommended,239160,9845963,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,dr-knuckers202,I downloaded it for steam and it didn't work
76561198078961931,Recommended,239160,10145286,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pohlster,So far this game has been fun! I enjoy sneaking around and sometimes just coming out and hitting them with my club!!!
76561198034789289,Recommended,239160,10475908,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Messenger,"Not sure why there are so many haters, this game is pretty awesome. Yes it is similar to Dishonored or Assassins Creed, but most stealth games will ultimately harken back to Thief and Metal Gear. Is this game worth $50+, probably not. But grab it on sale sometime. It's totally worth at least $20-$25."
,Recommended,239160,10488335,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,z0rch,I lik tis gme u ar ethief and steal alli r8 101/0
,Recommended,239160,10489114,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Gator T,A really cool game the graphics are great and so far the story line is enjoyable
76561198006753707,Recommended,239160,10490406,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,SirPopQuiz,"The feeling to swoop through the shadows, lurking around and standing at someones bed to see them sleeping. It's just like real life XD I love it!"
76561197992684692,Recommended,239160,10494072,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Aldun,"Buy it during a sale. The game is worthy about twenty bucks and there are enjoyable pieces.The Review in short:+ Some Levels are well-designed, both in regards to the aesthetics and the gameplay+ The loot and collectables are well-designed and a fun to hunt down. Stealing stuff is fun!+ Some of the Puzzles are fun!- The story is horrible.- The rebooted franchise has nothing in common with the old Thief-Games- The PC-Controls are sometimes poorly done.- The Guard-AI in this game is pathetic.Overall I recommend it, because there are a few really good stealing-levels, burried between pointless cutscenes and linear corridors you must walk through for no reason.Here are some more details for those interested. Spoilers for the Thief-Series as whole ahead:My biggest problem with this game is the way in which the reboot is done. They kicked out all the memorable parts of the Thief-Lore, like the Hammerites and Pagans, in order to go for a more boring version of the same. On a basic level, the Thief-Universe is still about the conflict between nature and industry and rationalism versus occultism. But whereas the old Thief-Games executed this in a bright and colourful way, this Thief-Game feels like the best way to tell it's story is in shades of black. Everybody in this story is either a Moron or an awful person. They try really, really hard to turn Garret into the Hero by having everyone else be more awful.This in itself would not be so much of a problem, if they had executed it well. But they have not. The story is largely told through cutscenes, during which characters show up in places they have no reason to be and tell stuff they have no way of knowing. For example: The Thief-Taker-General - a character which the game really wants us to view as the villain but who turns out a joke - shows up in the high-security area of TWO burning buildings in order to tangle with Garret. How the Hell does this guy even know Garret is there? Isn't this game supposed to be about Stealth?! And how did he get there? Did he crawl through the air vent too?In regards to stealth-gameplay, nothing has changed since the 90s, really. Dishonored managed to put a little innovation into the series with it's neat use of various magic abilities for stealth, but Thief doesn't even do that. You get to play the basic game as in previous installments, only in much smaller levels. Those levels are sometimes fun and enjoyable, but it is not innovative by any means. Of course it doesn't have to be innovative to be fun, just don't look for anything new here."
76561198035393473,Recommended,239160,10522493,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Wolf7741,loved the thief games and this to fits well with them not as solid to its oldiies but still a great game
,Recommended,239160,10526426,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,XX121,"Contrary to my original review whcih I took down earlier, I msut come to the conclusion that this game is very nice, even though it's a big change. I am playing on Master/Custom exclusively and can't say anything about how it is below, though it seems it would be very arcadey and neglectable. I also suggest deactivating all the unbearable visual hints like bling-bling loot  in the options because they are rather irritating and make you wonder if the game wasn't originally designed with complete imbeciles in mind.Thief veterans will love the challenging pickpocket minigames. Failures with their characteristic sounds WILL be heard by nearby guards, successes may also be noticed if you're in too much of a rush. If you want to ghost a level, this adds a great challenge at some points. Either way it adds a lot to the atmosphere. There are a lot of places were watching out for the patrol pattern and timing is essential to get the loot. It is a lot of fun to loot places in this game.The context sensitive movement can be a bit wonky, but you get used to it after two or three failures where you jumped down a ledge isntead of to the closest platform/rope. The lack of real freeroaming hurts the game a little, but not enough to make in unenjoyable. The lack of free jumping isn't much of a problem, however the predefined mantling animation starting when you jump over any ledge or railing can be a real neckbreaker when you're running from guards, especially when you activate the slower movement challenge.Additionally the inability to fall down ledges unless you trigger it is a bit irritating, because just as the mantling animation it can slow down  your progress and actually detracts from the natural flow of movement instead of adding to it as they hoped to do with all those predefined animations. Pretty bad design decision overall.The checkpoints are actually placed pretty well for the most part as far as I could tell, the prologue is really the only ♥♥♥♥♥♥ part in the game, and you get rid of Erin the moment you get done with that POS part.I'm completely ignoring the story because I don't care for that. It seems to be a Dishonoured rehash though, with all that class conflict/sickness stuff. Even the nice old lady returns.The graphics and soundscape are gorgeous, though it should be a lot darker. Of course every game in the history of space and time refuses to really put the night in night, and older Thief games were no exception to this rule.I think it was well worth the 15€ I paid for it, and it may be worth the 30$/€ it normally costs when you're in it for a good loot-picking and sneaking game that doesn't have to play exactly like Thief 2."
,Recommended,239160,10537788,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mutts,Love this game
76561198050840502,Recommended,239160,13766017,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KırmızıTilki,awesome game i feel like real thief when i play :DDDD
76561198065369797,Recommended,239160,15427978,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,eddie_money,"a most awesome game...lots of easter eggs pertaining to the original trilogy, and GREAT gameplay!  it does not require playing the other games in the franchise, but I found it helps to enjoy it more, listening to conversations and the evolvement of the city."
76561198136721607,Recommended,239160,17433063,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,S U Я I C Λ T ¹¹,"The games Atmosphere is great, I didn’t mind the voice work at all, and the game play as a sneak em up is great.It is different to dishonoured as it’s a slower pace, and more thought is needed. I’ll also mention it’s look and atmosphere also leave dishonoured behind, but then this is somewhat unfair as this is a new release.Anyway I enjoy playing Thief, it doesn’t give you the freedom of older games no, but what it’s taken away it replaces with content and some slick game play.You always feel like a stealth master and the hands in front of you while searching and leaning add such a nice touch, it adds to the emersion incredibly. They aren’t just hovering there they are truly interacting with the scenery!I think without me writing a small book here, or trying to convince you to avoid the negative reviews, which I know now are just for the sake of it or rage from fans of the original instalments, I will heartily say, like many have before me, just go out and play this game for yourself.I can honestly say I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised. Just give it a chance."
76561198132559540,Recommended,239160,15820739,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TeslaCarter,"I've not gotten very far in Thief, but my god it's an amazing game. If you like immersion and the real suspense of sneaking around and breaking into things (and can do it legally of course!) then this is as good as it gets.  I love TES (yes, even ESO) for the immersion factor, and there is something about being Garrett that breaks the fourth wall and really sinks you into the world and as him. Sure, it can be frustrating, picking locks and moving around like a... well a cat burglar, but it gives it the edge that things like TES lack.As a fan of RPG games from Baldur's Gate to KOTOR I and II to ESO:TU and Devil May Cry and Assassin's Creed, Thief takes the cake. It's not a game for someone who doesn't like challenges though. One review said it MARVELOUSLY: we gamers asked for a realistic thieving game, and we got it--and now most of us don't like that it's TOO realistic.I personally live for the level of realism that immerses you into this game, no matter how frustrating it is, (I actually have it on my PC and my PS4 because of my attachment to the challenge it presents) because it's something that even my classical favorite KOTOR can't quite pull off.Thief doesn't just ""suspend disbelief."" It steals it right out from under your nose and sells it at a profit."
76561197991850775,Recommended,239160,13630327,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gravedigger T,the best part of thsi game was when i stealthed and kissed a man because i love men.
76561198064350249,Not Recommended,239160,10906595,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Davkul,I thought they were going to revamp the classic Thief I knew and loved. I was wrong.
,Not Recommended,239160,9311414,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ÑööBZör,"Even with a pc that is way over the minimum specs, its still unplayable. Perhaps they should have tested it first, or were they too concerned in getting it right for the console's. Shame after waiting so long its been released too early. Dissapointing."
76561198015455893,Recommended,239160,13629915,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Pinky,"If you like stealth games this game is THE game for you, however it's alright to go ahead and kill everything too, no penalties but you do get discovered more because of it. Graphics are great, story is great and if you get stuck there are a ton of walkthroughs/tutorials out there...Probably one of the best in the Thief line but mainly because of the graphics. Just a little side note, I think they were going for the Revolution period, somewhere, you just never get to know exactly where..The City resembles an 1800s English city but the events seem to center around things that happened in Russia and the language is more American than anything so I honestly don't know what they had in mind.  All in all it's a good game to waste a lot of time on. :-) I also played this one twice, just to see if I could do it without killing everything in site. :-)"
,Recommended,239160,9297223,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Storm,"This game is fun.It honestly has annoyingly long loading screens (For me) and some times a lip synch isue happens,but over all,This game is a very enjoyable for people who are long time thiefs or rookies to the franchise (Like me).But overall I would recommend this game to people who like stealth games...Mabye hardcore players."
,Recommended,239160,9286127,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Feral,"Not worth $50, get it at more like $20"
,Recommended,239160,9344224,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,VNagrand,"Good stealth game. If you like stealth games - you should get it (and complete it on customized master difficulty), if you are CoD lover - Thief is not your choice.Underrated by reviewers, this game deserves much higher score than it has on metacritic. Imo, 8/10."
,Recommended,239160,9384074,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mom,LOVE IT TO BITS :D -keralis xD
,Recommended,239160,9302159,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,artistcaleb,"Thief really got beat up in the reviews, and that made me hesitant to buy the game. But I took a chance and bought it, and so far I have to say that it's amazing! I was afraid that it wouldn't feel like the Thief series, but that is exactly what it feels like, it feels like Thief: Deadly Shadows pumped up on steroids, amazing art (graphics), excellent precise controls, and the most important aspect is that it is just flat out fun! Big thumbs up, this is one instance in which I have to disagree with the reviews."
76561198010200735,Not Recommended,239160,13988877,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Zimbabwe Jim,"Wish i hadn't preordered, too boring to finish :("
76561198016284576,Recommended,239160,12730180,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,zooro ♛,good game
,Recommended,239160,21439824,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,JUNE,"Thief is one of my Childhood games.Started with The first ""Thief"" game called Thief: The Dark Project and now to this one.I really enjoyed this game and had lots of fun playing through.If u come from one of the old  Thief games it might not be the same anymore but still its an awesome game."
,Recommended,239160,19705746,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Barely Drenched,Mediocrity at its finest.  Worth every bit of the 8 dollars I spent.
,Recommended,239160,9868786,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,m0phre4k,"7/10The game isn't terrible but it is SLOW. The game suffers from a lack of ""fast travel"", there are just way too many load screens/animations. The game is at it's best when you begin a mission (aka, a Chapter), the stealth gameplay and objectives can be challenging/fun but very frustrating if and when you fail. Be ready to open and close lots of drawers/cabinets.... i mean, lots."
,Recommended,239160,9305692,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Vaegard,itss a kool yu get too steel the stuff
76561197974580415,Recommended,239160,9324519,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Tief,Great Game!
76561198053256252,Recommended,239160,13702399,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sweaty eddie,"When you think of a theif; you expect quick, action packed, nimble character moving quickly through urban surroundings.This game was slow, frustrating, somewhat clunky and generally dissapointing.The game being called theif seems ironic, as the game play made you feel as though you were the victim of theft; both in terms of the price of the game and also the mental taxation of having to play it.All in all i give it a 10/10 because of its high production cost, satisfying yet not amazing graphics, and repetitive gameplay."
76561198062215555,Recommended,239160,9308180,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Battle muffin,Love it i played it worth the 19 GB download i was told not to get it but i don't see why it is a briliant game i would recomemnde it
76561197990106355,Recommended,239160,9340903,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Dreepa,"Yet another example of how ""video game reviews"" drag down a good game where many hours of blood and sweat went into.The tendency of reviewers to go mad as soon as a game does not reflect the reviewers expectation a 100%, is tiresome.This unprofessional babbling has nothing to do with reviewing objectively any longer. Every one can do it. It is mostly just the expression of a very biased opinion but disguised as a review.One article even rated Thief as alow as 40%....  come on, really? 40%??  This is a highly polished game, with a lot of atmosphere. Even the view of the scenes alone makes it worthwhile to play. How can one seriously rate it as low as a broken game (which 40% would imply - Yet the game is all but broken.)If you expect the freedom of previous Thief games, you will be disappointed.However, if you take the game for what it is, it is still a lot of fun. The tone it sets, and the mood it creates is very dark, distopian and gritty. Its first person movement immerse you well into the actions, and there are a ton of options to customize your difficulty. You can even switch off entire UI elements to immerse yourself even deeper.At times you struggle with the controls, but it is nothing game breaking and I got used to handle it as time passed.Thief's only big mistake is it's rather linear gameplay in the main missions, which is really the only downside of an otherwise great game."
,Recommended,239160,9366241,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bonkersknave,"IGNORE all the reviews, do some research watch some game play videos and make your OWN mind up, all the reviews are bias for some reason or another, personaly I think this game is great its got smooth easy controls complete customisation of difficult and the decision you can make to do a mission with or without any violence or being seen.The load screens between houses etc. are just to try and bring back that old thief feel, which I feel didn't work as well.The veterans of Thief expected this to be exactly like the old thief's, which to be fair it is in some aspects but it is a completely modern game its got a new engine (obviously) to bring in new Thief players not just to satisfy the old/ original fans.I just also like to add this is not a clone of dishonoured or any game like that the original Thief was published in 1998."
76561198083751291,Recommended,239160,9375950,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Autistic Jarl,"First of all. This game had a lot of pre-hate, because its different from the older games of Thief series. And I as a fan of older Thiefs, I can say this game IS the part of the series! This IS Garrett. This the new THIEF! After 30 hours playing this, its still a lot of fun. Dont mind a metascore ( 68/100 ). I give it 86/100.Positives-+ Atmosphere+ Soundtrack+ AI+ Level design+ Garrett- nice voice and cynicism+ Stealt mechanicNegatives- - Characters- they are writed good, but they dont have much space to introduce themsefls- Maps - they are big, but it could be better-Story- Its weaker, but still has lots of twists and its fun to watch it- Price- 49,99 is quite much, but well... what can we do?"
,Not Recommended,239160,12278898,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,F*ck Love,Too scaryz
,Recommended,239160,13635048,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Monki,Your spoons are not safe.
,Recommended,239160,12010040,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Domini Inferi,"Even for 11 dollars, I still feel cheated by this game."
76561198106891675,Recommended,239160,17503832,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Frodra,"It is very gud stealth game, luv it but 1 part of the game is very dissapointing"
76561198156218470,Recommended,239160,17353959,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Haruna,"This game is pretty awesome.I can run this game in a not bad quality even though i'm using GTX 650Ti.this game could be very challenging if you insist to get all those loot.you can play this game in your ways: either be a ghost like a professional thief do or just kill every guards you see and loot everything then get away.... I prefer the first one though.Anyway,I think this game worth 8 bucks(it's on sell now) and i recommend you to buy this game."
,Recommended,239160,20262543,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cody,great game.
76561198048209721,Recommended,239160,21001270,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ForkGuy,THis game is awesome but drains you but buy this game its good but needs co-op youl see why when you play
76561198069521417,Recommended,239160,20997245,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CelesteJak,"This is a great game.  The graphics are terrific and the gameplay is very intriguing.  Now diehard Thief fans may not enjoy the changes from the older style Thief games, but for those folks who are willing to keep an open mind or who are new to the Thief genre, this game is a winner.  For one thing, there are multiple ways to approach almost any situation.  If you want to get through the game completely unseen, it is possible...not easy, but possible.  If you are the aggressive type and want to go through killing everyone in sight, well...ravage away.  It is a long enough game with a large world so you feel like you have definitely gotten your money's worth if you play all the side missions.  The storyline is interesting and the dialogue is very witty in many places.  It all depends on how you play the game and what your actions are.  This Thief is not as 'dark' as some of the earlier ones and differs in mood from say Thief Gold.  I didn't see this as a negative as some other reviewers did.  This game was a breath of fresh air after playing some of the earlier games.  This is not a criticism of the earlier games...just telling you that they shouldn't be compared directly.  This version of Thief is very good on it's own.  To believe it should be a direct descendant of the earlier games is to do all of the games a disservice.  Evaluate this Thief on its own and I believe you will agree.  There is a place for the old ones and the new both in the Thief world.  Enjoy..."
76561198129104797,Recommended,239160,20992317,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,frizzle93,One of those games you can back to again and again and keep on finding new things to do.
,Recommended,239160,14638250,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cattail,"Thief is a first person stealth game and not many like it exists. The series has a legendary heritage and some large shoes to fill. On many levels it succeeds but it's not perfect by any means. I do think it is worth the time and i can recommend it.A bit of analysis:Story is there and keeps things moving and into interesting places but hardly is it good. After around 4th chapther i started to hope that my wife who watched from time to time doesn't ask what's going on, because i could not explain. Maybe it runs deep somewhere in the shadows but casual intrest doesn't hold.Gameplay is solid. Movement feels smooth and there are plenty of options for progress. Doors, wents, roofs or through the middle after taking out the lights are all possible, usually within the same room. Garret can climb on places that are marked so clearly that they are hard to miss but not much elsewhere. Also rope arrows only stick to certain types of wooden poles, but not all wooden surfaces. That makes the game a rather guided experience, but that is common in todays games.Enemy AI is dumb as is customary in these games. New addition are caged animals that react to movemet. Other than those there are only four diffrent enemy types which gets repetitive at later part of the game. Fortunately there are a lot of combinations of lights, enemy placements, animals and floor types to keep player on his toes.Sound design is schitsofrenic. Often you hear people talk and it sounds like they are inside your head but looking around you only see  someone a few rooms over. Other times someone standing on the other side of a table sounds like someone on the street. Enemy dialog repeats so much that it's comical. Everyone wants either a drink or a coffee or they are worried about getting sick. Voice actors change, lines do not. There are rooms that are engulfed in flames but you can hear the fire only on one side of the room and silence on the other. Enemies can hear you but they can't haer the sound of a huge wooden gate opening which to the player sounds just like a rusty old gate should - loud.Graphics are extremely good. The world is so rich with details that you really want to see what is behind the next corner and climb on roofs just to see the view. Light and shadow play on walls and on objects so nicely that it's a shame to put out a candle. Suprisingly the game runs well even with settings on max and there is a plenty of options for customisation.Difficulty is also handled well. Regular options from easy to hard are avaible but those can be tweaked further for extreme challenge. And i do mean extreme, if every option is used. First playthrough at Master-Custom difficulty that didn't allow any kills (not even bosses) or alerts took about 20 hours. Some side quests and a load of collectables were left untouched so perfectionist can expect more.I liked it and hope to see more in the future."
76561198070123302,Not Recommended,239160,15995284,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,RandomUser,"Thief would be a good game if it were an original IP and didn't carry the Thief branding. If that were the case it would be a good game; Good but not great: if you could get it at a reduced price it might be worth spending some time with while you wait for a sale price for Dishonored, the altogether better stealth experience and better game...but ultimately Thief (2014) might just serve to burn out your interest in stealth experiences in general.I was already disillusioned with the direction the Thief series had taken with Deadly Shadows and being aware of the reaction to Thief (2014) I was expecting something truly terrible. In light of that I was pleasantly surprised. Unfortunately, that having been said, I think the only thing that  could really make the Thief series truly great at this point is if it went open world; regrettably something I should think we'll never see."
,Recommended,239160,9306208,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Andrika,8/10
76561198028082862,Recommended,239160,13956511,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Maurício Bandeira,"If you can overlook the bad optimized engine and sound problems it's a good stealth game overall. It's not for the fans of the franchise, they traded freedom of movement for context actions, you can't even jump on your own if you don't have a ledge to grab to. Also, this new Garrett doesn't even compare to the middle aged cynic the fans are used to. But as far as mechanics goes, it's a good stealth game, so I'm recommending it. But if you want a true feel of how the old Thief games played I recommend Dishonored or The Dark Mod."
76561198077374551,Recommended,239160,18060674,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,An immortal jerk.,asylum 3spooky5me
76561198056943927,Recommended,239160,9331607,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Windsfavor,Not bad at all. But they must work on the artificial intelligence.
76561198147468443,Recommended,239160,13288557,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ploopers,"Game for players that don't like that much of a fighting. You mostly just steal stuff but it is still fun tho. Needs good specs, my 16GB ram, 850 graphicscard and i7 core fps lags alot. :/"
76561197996887636,Recommended,239160,13278232,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Limpdickus,Although the game has a lot of biased opinions about it. I have actually really enjoyed playing this game. Although I havent beaten the game yet. As of the 7th update on this game it has really come a long way from when it was first released. If you can appreciate the hidden gestures and amazing voice acting. I would recommend buying $20 and under.
76561198050297614,Not Recommended,239160,14804422,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lildog,"First off, super laggy. That may be just for me, but the cutscenes video would always be at least 30 seconds behind the audio. Second off, storyline was overall boring. I found the plot hard to follow or to understand. Thirdly, gameplay was awful. For a game all about thieving and being sneaky, there wasn't a lot of opportunities to actually be sneaky. I found myself able to run around and still able to avoid all of the guys. I stopped in the middle of the third chapter because it just doesn't appeal to me anymore..."
76561197971118593,Not Recommended,239160,18078358,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Gradient,This game literally dictates to you when you are or are not allowed to do simple things like jump and save your game.And don't even get me started on the audio.
76561198058964291,Not Recommended,239160,18589548,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,stu_the_flat,I remember rage quitting theif when I was very young due to rubbish game play and now I can relive this experince.
,Not Recommended,239160,14812659,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,RedOx,"It looks good. But it's just has a good quality. That's it. The gameplay is very linear. Thief was positioned to be a stealth game. Well, It's stealth, but veeery booring. Story is bad, nothing interesting, If u want to buy it, wait for a good sale. Dishonored really better."
76561198081187001,Not Recommended,239160,14878132,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lincher-Light | LTB,BUG§
76561198107548548,Not Recommended,239160,14059187,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,sgreenan10,"This game is upsetting, mostly because it had so much potential to be great.Visually stunning, great atmosphere- even the city hub was able to keep my interest.That said, the voice acting was horrendous, the plot was terrible, and the ending even worse.Having played the first three (and ignoring all reviews of this new abortion) I started the game, only to shut it off within four minutes. Erin was that obnoxious, that I actually refused to play this game again for another four months.Having eventually worked past this- I can assure anyone that this game is crap. And utterly unworthy of a ""Mostly positive review""."
,Not Recommended,239160,18092898,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,jaggerbox,"One of the more aggravating stealth games. Traveling takes forever, the upgrades are so so. Get Dishonored instead as that's much more enjoyable."
76561197980787666,Recommended,239160,13442593,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,yubman,"Reboot of the Looking Glass ""Thief"" games from the 90's.  Not bad, pays lots of homages to the orignal.  The orignal games were much deeper and had a better story/world setting."
76561198037517236,Recommended,239160,13357085,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,The Minted Lady,"Very enjoyable. Making it out of each mission with every little shiny thing and few bodies in your wake is a challenge. It's all about stealth, shiny things... and some girl who doesn't listen. Nobody cares about the girl. Care about Garrett, and how much fun you'll have sneaking up on people and blackjacking them in the back of the head."
,Recommended,239160,16625014,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,V Ʌ N K Ʌ [5600],"If you started playing it - don't stop or you will not be interested playing it later, trust me. My rating is 6,5/10"
,Recommended,239160,16926149,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,★H4rdG4M3r★,Good game with interesting campaign. But after some time of playing and finishing it i wanted more... Waiting for next production :)
76561198130593784,Not Recommended,239160,17561222,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,jackmobob,id recommend this game for people who like a very linear experience i got a refnd because i thought it be more open but its not. its even got forced stealth sections.
76561198139632170,Not Recommended,239160,15597505,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Grebbe,"Once again I have wasted my money on a stealth game...This game is not fun. The one thing that bothers me the most is the really boring, ugly looking atmosphere this game has. it feels like they have put you inside of a shoebox with a little match as a lightsource. It's straight up ugly-lookin'."
76561198128013022,Not Recommended,239160,18516602,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Glas Cs.money,its crap
76561198081854368,Recommended,239160,16730490,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Maxxx,Game taught me white men really can't jump10/10 would not jump again (maybe)
,Recommended,239160,20753623,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mellori ♪,"Negatives:Sound isn't perfect, and probably never will be.Positives:Good storyStill pretty good soundReplayable chapters keeping current skills, a perfectionist's idealismTon's of sweet, sweet lootChallange modeI don't know what else to put ^_^Buy it, buy it now."
,Recommended,239160,21741925,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,hamtaro,great game really fun to play
,Recommended,239160,10484467,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,slo,"I hated this game at first, at second and at third.But in the end, I've managed to squeeze some good fun out of it.To do this I had to:1. Actually rename it to Viscera Cleanup Detail Dishonored.2. Make a keyboard macro for the obnoxious ""Hold E, Mash E"" sequences.3. Turn off Garret's voice and subtitles and skip all the cutscenes. Play it for collectibles and powerups.4. Switch difficulty to Normal, play messy and loud, use lots of consumables.5. Turn all interaction and navigation prompts on. It is useful to know what your deranged movement autocorrect is planning.6. Throw bottles at people's heads. All the time. Of all the fun this game has to offer, this is THE fun. There's a guard on the watch tower? Bottle him. It's either he falls down like a rock, or screams and curses, unable to get down.That's it. This how you play it to have fun. Forget that it is a Thief game. Fight, kill, use superpowers and pick up rubbish. Be a Janitor Batman."
,Not Recommended,239160,9743944,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,A very hot piece of Kek™,"This Thief game re-make drew inspiration from Bethesda's Dishonored game.Bethesda's Dishonored game was heavily inspired by the old Thief games.Need you say more when the devs go as far as to draw inspiration from a game that was inspired by THE GAMES THEY ARE MAKING A REVIVAL OF?!The game is a mess, there's lots of this-and-that here and there that will just make this game frustrating. It's like a Michael Bay movie, the visuals are nice but the story, characters and overall feel for the game is nonexisting and bland, simple as that."
76561198170044425,Recommended,239160,35311858,Posted: 29 September,all,Ēlēkjhānḍru,I can say this game is brilliant! The story is strong and the graphics are the same! I kindly recommend it to you ;)
76561198076505335,Not Recommended,239160,24326497,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,a_shrub,I had fond memories of the original Thief series. This is nothing like it :(
76561197998287030,Not Recommended,239160,24419353,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The Troubadour,"There are two problematic trends at play here:The first is to rush games out before they're ready; this is bad enough with respect to downloadable content, but with critical crashes and bugs, this is a betrayal to the consumer.  I have abandoned the attempt to finish this game after two times, as this game will erase your savegames the moment it inevitably crashes.  Do not trust the reports that the savegame bug is resolved; twice I lost my progress just before the last level and resolved the plotline on Youtube.The second is to take a beloved saga from a time of dedication and innovcation and continue it with today's negligent simplifications.  Thief began with a terrifying ideal:  what would you do if a run-of-the-mill guard could kill you and your only recourse was to evade detection?  What if you were less powerful than everything else in your world?  NOW save the world.The fanbase, one of the Internet's first gaming fanbases, has disbanded.  You've one chance to bring them back.  Make another game, and make it Thief.Oh--and please release it when it's ready."
76561197976612142,Not Recommended,239160,24414047,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Leviathan62089,"Good level design, but they butchered the entire Thief universe. Also riddled with bugs and unfinished sidequests. Don't waste your time."
76561198014146141,Recommended,239160,14410340,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,"Tomb Raider, Dishonored, Fear, Max Payne 3, Uncharted and Bioshock Infinite rolled into one. If you can get it on sale below 10 dollars it's good. If you buy for full price you are getting shafted by the company. I found that the story is pretty close to Bioshock Infinite all the way through."
76561198093757730,Recommended,239160,9687029,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,DAN ROBINS,lOVE THIS GAME
76561198004054459,Not Recommended,239160,10462804,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Apperus,"this game was personnally one of the most anticipated games for me this year , i was a fan of the older thief games. unforunity it seems i wasted a good 50$ when i preordered this Reboot , i immediately played this game when it came out and sat down on a weekend  to play purly the main story line for 7 hours straight even though i gave it several  chances and  i forced my self to continue until i decided to stop wasting my time on this reboot.one of the most disapointing part of the game it is that they took out the original  voice actor or Garrett (Stephen Russell) and  replaced him with (romano orzari ) just becasue he was too old to do mo-cap and voice record  simultaneously whitch is a ridiculous claim, it is voice acting! sure orzari VA's attempt wasnt too bad ,BUT it is not the voice of  garrett. (that would be like replacing Kevin Conroy the voice acter of batman)  hell the thief community was even trying to make the producers to reconsider the voice acter of Garrett back to Stephen Russell  by making a petition .  the  new voice give acter gave me  the urge to skip cut-scenes within the first twenty minutes of a game well actally every cut scene.  not only the the main character Garrett, but everyone elses voice had   lip-syncing  issues and not matching the characters voice and personality, its just poorly done.another annoying factor is the consistant NPC chatter, practiclly every single npc in this game  never  shuts up, worse yet they over lap with each other, sure this was also a issue with the older thief titles but at least it did not overlap as ofthen and the voice acting in the older games were entertaining with humerous dialogues like and not boring and dull like  in this rebootanother problem i had was that this reboot portrayed Garrett  as a dull and boring character. it is understandable for him to act more of a mentor figure  to Erin by telling her to not be reckless, telling her not pointlessly kill during missions since they are a thief not some assassin(yes Garrett kills people in the previous games but he does so with reason) (and he tells her this since Erin is still a immature and a irrational teenager and if she keeps needlessly killing people  its going to haunt her evenually) and even coming off as a stickler towards her  ,but they just turned Garrett into a boring character through out the game instead of the  callous, cynical and sarcastic character we know and love in the previous games even when Erin isnt around.Load times is just trash. when you see a building that seems quite large and accessable of course your going to be tempted to break in and steal all the loot inside but once your break inside and Mash the button to break into a windowto go  inside a long loading screen pops infront of your face. ok i thought to my self ""it must mean the building must be fairly larger then i thought for it takes this long to load"" when i get out of the loading screen im inside this building with only 2 rooms there are other doors and windows present but they are not Intractable at all and i only get about 5 small picees of misc loot that is automaticly converted to coins and i spend about 10 mins wasting my time is this pointless  building collecting misc junk and wasted even  more  my time in the loading screen when i entered and exited the building.not everyone likes to break into a large house and find  that the only stealable items is a ink bottle and a pair of sicssorsevery piece of loot is converted to coins (with the exceptions of rare collectable loot in display in the clock tower) it gets rid of the satisfaction your would get in the previous thief games since selling diffrent kinds of loot to diffrent 'fences' will maximize your profits earned then use that money to buy items that are actally usefull. like i said it gets rid of the  saticfaction and immersion.the focus ablity just ruined the challenge of the puzzle solving in this game,  sure you can turn this ability off   but when you do turn it off  it felt like the game requires you to use focus. when i did turn it off it didnt make it more challanging it just made it harder in terms of Artificial difficulty since it felt like the gameplay it self was reliant on the use of the ability ""focus"". honestly this ability shouldnt even be in the game. all it does is ruin the experience for players that are new the thief game since it  dumbs down the experience for everyone like how the lock picking is extreamly simplistic and dumbed downedone of the biggest upsets for me was that  there are No Hammers, Pagans ,and Keepers. these fractions played a huge role in the previous thief games  and have a huge impact on not only the lore about the fractions them selves  but how it ties in with the main characters back story and lore like, how the mechinical eye in Garrett was forged form the hammerites, Garrett was trained in the art of stealth from the keepers. removing these fractions inherently removed  a wide varity of enemies you would have potentially face other then a enemy with a sword or with a bow, and if you had to fight them you only had a black jack as a melee weapon.its understandable to some degreethat the Devs  really want to force the pure thiefing thing on players, but there shouldnt be a reason for the combat system to be so atrocious, the combat.the reason Garrett would carry around a sword or dagger in the older games is that he can actally pull it out if he actally in a situation where he NEEDS to use it (remember in the older games its actally reasonable that Garret would carry a sword/dagger around since he  did have to deal with Hammers, Pagans, city watch , zombies monsters etc) they could simply left a dagger in his invintory so players have a option whether or not to use a black jack or a dagger depending on the situation. the reason thiefs carry around knives/daggers in the first place is so they can use it more as a tool to cut purses and use it tactfully. (thiefs are also known as a ""cut purse"")the map is atrociously messy and a huge eye sore to look at , in the older thief games, Garrett would draw him self  or even mapes given to garret looks like a child draw a rough outline of the interier of a  house it was humerous to look at but players accepted it since it does have to do with the immersion in the game since obviously a thief have to collect the information of the interior of the building your self and from fences but this reboot does not have any of that it automaticly give you a map but a bunch of squares crammed together repersenting buildings and rooms covered in fog. not to mention the extremely linear quests and design of said quests and map of the townhonestly the one of the only  redeeming factor i enjoyed is the  SOME of the  graphics. although the cut scenes are dreadfully ghastly with pre-rendered cutscenes, the Faces are pallid, visuals are blurry, the whole thing just feels weird and out of place. it is quite sad that the entire marketing was focus on how this reboot has shiny new grafics and yet the cutscenes where just pathaticly bad...other problem i have with the gameplay is  the swooping move Garrett can perform to duck and glide from shadow to shadow. it has some realism, fast, and is performed fluidly. But the swooping maneuver has its own share of problems of being broken and too easily abused and  that takes away the challange even on hard mode considering that you can using the swooping maneuver right in front of a NPC and they wont even notice you.like what other reviews have said about this reboot had alot of similarities to Dishonored to the point it just lives in its shadow.personally  i felt that it didnt just live in the shadow of Dishondered it died in its shadow due to how poorly the game was developed.The results speaks for it self since Eidos Montreal fired 27 people the week this game  was released."
,Recommended,239160,11966226,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,kajira,"This installment of Thief was a lot of fun, it had the same ambiance and feeling of the original two. The game is quite long with many, many hours of play if you try to finish everything and achieve trophies, or it can be quite quick if all you're looking for is to play through the story."
,Recommended,239160,11971570,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Miss Rosie Dovah,I havent felt as good about a sneaking feature in a game since skyrim...U just wanna find out whats going on...story is very drawing...Those 2 things make u wanna play more and never stop
,Recommended,239160,20121669,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rexxie,stealth fans are welcome !
76561197992337256,Recommended,239160,19256832,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,HoboSlayer,Not as good as the originals but it's alright if you get it at a discount.
,Recommended,239160,9437420,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,SWeekes,"Awsome game, i'd give it a 9/10"
76561197970080242,Recommended,239160,9513418,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,LK,"One of the best stealth games ever made and the Thief game series continue to be on my top list!The story, graphics and gameplay is just awesome!"
76561197981162663,Recommended,239160,24648465,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Stormwall,"This game allows me to follow my fantasy of stealing the meager possesions from the poor with no thought of the consequences. ""I may be broke but I still have my great Grandfathers favorite pen."" Nope, mine now."
,Recommended,239160,9638329,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Hencz ❄,Recommended if you like stealth games.
76561198154974759,Recommended,239160,15015407,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Anonymoose,This is the only game where im actually GOOD at robbing people.
76561197971222658,Recommended,239160,15010551,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,willrockwell,"Over all this is a worthwhile game. Gameplay is good, story well written, upgrades useful. But the ending was really disappointing."
,Recommended,239160,10473044,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Jay Gatsby,VEry Fun Game! Highly Recommended!
76561198023071850,Recommended,239160,32372995,Posted: 12 June,all,Swarley,"If you like the other Thief games, you`re going to like this. 2nd playthrough, i also played styx + dishonored 1/2."
,Not Recommended,239160,10464487,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Xander,"Even with a good PC you'll still probably lag.I've seen some story, but it isn't that great."
,Recommended,239160,27001407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,_Vez'nan - VZGS -,"This game is very similar to Dishonored but unfortunately it is very bad. Ihave played this game about 5 hours and then i turned off the game becausethis game has a bad plot and a combat system. The worst thing that you cannot collect the arrows from dead enemies.just too hard to give thumbsdown , Despite all disadvantages thegame has very good graphic."
,Recommended,239160,9271656,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Goalie Goose,Just buy it. It's worth the money. Amazing Game.
,Recommended,239160,30361313,Posted: 6 March,all,Stoky,"Definitely a recommendation from me!Stealth in this game is amazing, the monetry system is amazing, the story is amazing, the characters are amazing, everything about this gae leaves me in aweand the graphics are beautiful! This game is a must-have in my opinion."
,Recommended,239160,13619789,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Saucy Fandangoo,meh
76561198119507264,Recommended,239160,10711338,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Standard Cookie,This game is really good............Get it NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!xD
76561198046112948,Recommended,239160,14347262,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,lemon butter,i wanted stealth but then i was suddenly hurled into a horror level and somehow i made it thrunever again
,Recommended,239160,10443602,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Poopstain,Great Game. Wish there were more sidequests and a better overall feel of being engulfed by the city.
,Recommended,239160,9511384,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,findioth8r,"Not a bad game. Not as good as it could be. The primary character can't do simple things (like jump) except in certain occasions, which means they had to put ramps in areas to allow access.  Seriously, what kinda crap is that? Can't even hop up in the air to look at something? Console-like key functions get boring and frustrating (to open windows, hold a key, then hit it over and over until the window opens), wasting 10 seconds on some windows, while others open after the initial space bar. Plus, why keep locking drawers Ive already unlocked if there's nothing in them the 2nd time around?  Can't skip some of the long mandatory ""watch this to see how great the story is""  scenes, like the elevator ride up. Can't skip the ""look how scary we can (not) be"" scenes. Watching them during the first playthrough was barely tolerable. I didnt buy the game expecting Oscar-winning actors, and after the first, somewhat disappointing, disjointed ending, IDGAF about the ""story line"". Fine, have mandatory crapscenes the first play-through, then allow them to be skipped. Also, if I wanted to play a 2-D side shooter where I'm locked in to one course of action, I WOULDNT, because I don't. Running through collapsing buildings trying to get loot before I burn to death, dying , then trying again and again until I make it through by trial and error. Not enjoyable, no benefit to the game, I'd say someone's girlfriend or boyfriend wanted to show off his/her arcade style design skills. Also didn't enjoy wandering around trying to figure out how to get where I needed to go . Surely it wouldn't have been too hard to have a map with freaking location names on it. I'd bet that was left out so that the total  time spent searching for a way to get to a portion of the city could be counted as play time, when it's  not really. The end of-mission rewards for goals didn't make sense. Ok fine, let's have a goal like don't be detected, and then have one for 10 combat takedowns, which pretty much means one of them isn't achievable. At least if I DO 3 or 4  of the goals, why are only 2 of them shown at the end? Are the goals based on play style?  Also, have one AUTOSAVE slot of you must, but if I hit quick load, allow it to load MY last save,. On the topic of saving, what moron came up with the idea that we can't save if anyone is looking for us? Sneaking through an area for 10 minutes, get spotted by one guard and we can't save while anyone is alerted even if we're hiding and there's no way they can reach us? That's a CROCK!. Next, the restrictions on passing through the transitions where we need to move a board. Dash to an exit , get spotted by a guard, try to move through the exit and get told,no , you have to stay, wait for the guard to come up and fight him. Again, BS. On the topic of fighting, yeah, I get it, we're not supposed to fight. I guess the same moron designed the fight limitations. Hit someone with a sword, try to hit them again, nope! can't do it, gotta pause until they hit you back. Can't block, and dodging wont work if youre in a narrow area. Same thing with trying to blackjack someone to initiate a combat takedown. Sitting for 5 seconds mashing the blackjack key while the screen is prompting me to do a regular takedown, then the guard turns around and I get nailed by 3 other guards when he yells because I couldnt initiate a combat takedown. Just crappy crappy coding.Now that I've listed (most) of the irritating and pointless parts of this game that had the potential to be great, but missed, here are the good parts.  Not many FPS games are worth a crap anymore. This one wasnt great, suffered from an attempt to make it more than it was, but it was fun when I wasn't trying to figure out how to get to a certain portion of the city if I didn't want to go on a prescribed mission. I did like being able to see what the goals were for each mission, but I and many others figured out how to by accident. I like the ability to jump from target to target in mid-air without falling. I like the bow, but it's underpowered until after it's leveled up. Shoot someone in the head or face with a bow, they should be down for the count, period. Over all, did I like the game, despite the many shortcomings? Yes. Was it worth $59? HELL NO!! Would I spent $59 on another game from the same developer? Nope, sorry. $50 and up should be reserved for top of the line, well-written games. No longer does just being New mean a game should be priced that high. I do recommend the game, but with reservations. I'd give it a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10. That might seem like a low score, but a lot of the games coming out are only 3 to 5. The main benefit is this game CAN be played for hours and hours."
,Not Recommended,239160,15717010,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DJ_c4t,"Nope.I was hoping for a good storry, but no.The intro and tutorial are awesome, but the rest is meh.the gameplay is awesome, but the combat sucks. The characters have as much personality as a cardboard box. Garrett is just really meh as a main character.If you are here for the game play, but it. If you are here for a good story, go get dishonored or hitman."
76561198134579955,Not Recommended,239160,17376301,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,I Fight Dragons,Thief is an intresting game. The stealth element of Thief is absolutley superb. You sneak from shadow to shadow using a dash like power called (swoop) picking up anything and everything you see that's worth a value. However the game's klunky mechanics make this difficult. Sometimes the game will stop you from going certain places...but you'll never know why. And don't even get me started on the city map...holy hell.5/10
,Recommended,239160,14961631,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,APPYEE.™,"Even though i only have 2,5 hours played on this game, i can already tell that this is an amazing experience! It's good graphics, (You need a fine PC to run this maxed out.) Nice story, and also, very nice voiceacting! I really recommend this game! :)"
,Recommended,239160,23305063,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DeptH64,Loved this game. Has a very fun and challenging single player. Much stealth is needed to complete everything
,Recommended,239160,13556532,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ChubbyDaedric,"I wish you could fix your left hand, 'cause those gloves look so badass."
76561198068558854,Recommended,239160,9266146,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Saylon,"Thief has its problems with audio and performance issues, but it's still an interesting experience.  Having played it for 5 hours, the only thing I wish they did was; REVIEW the gameplay and PATCH up the holes, that hender the gamers experience.  Im a big fan of the Thief games.  I hope they can fix it soon, so everyone can enjoy the next generation of Thief."
76561198077796347,Recommended,239160,9277046,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,sicko1246,help cant get it the 1st lvl started
,Recommended,239160,9274858,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tyrone,"This game is like Dishonored meets Assassin's Creed meets Tomb Raider, on ecstasy. The high stealth aspect is what I've been looking for in a game for far too long. You HAVE to be smart and execute your decisions in the best way possible. You become fully aware of your surroundings, you look at everything differently. I'm not too far in, but I'm already hooked.Thief is definitely worth your while."
,Recommended,239160,9268960,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Fragnis,If you like being a thief and being very sneaking in anytype of game this game is really fun and a really good story lineYOU MUST GET IT! (that my thought what you should do)
,Recommended,239160,9318738,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Tarky Teh Grapefruit,"+ Real stealth game for stealth gamers+ Rich atmosphere+ Care for details (like in Human revolution)+ Level design (without containment impressions)+ Choice of action in missions (like in HR)+ Master and custom difficulty mode+ No OP powers (like Dishonored blink)+ No copy pasta sides missions, all uniques+ We are playing with a stealth thief guy not with a spiderman assassin+ Full of hidden stuff and places- But some will find this city is a bit small- Not fully openworld- contextual actions between some zones (hidding loadings)- Find your way in the city may be hard at beginningPs: Complaining about ia in easy or medium mode is nonsense.currently at chapter 7/8 with 25h in master mode"
76561198047449115,Recommended,239160,9348856,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,dudongu,Short review : Not a bad game overall . Map kinda confusing but the game its a chalenge
76561198039080601,Recommended,239160,9357691,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,BadAdvice,"A great stealth game. It lacks elements from the original and there are a few bugs (such as fog inside buildings), but if you consider it a reboot then it's a wonderful game."
,Recommended,239160,9679739,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,BeastWithinTheBoy,"Bought this game one day before sale. But to be honest, still #worthGreat graphics great gameplay great fun! x)"
,Not Recommended,239160,9682317,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,SolidSamFisher,"Going into this game, I was expecting open levels, and the same kind of charm that the original thiefs had that inspired me to get this one. Sadly, none of this was true. Garett is now Batman, and the levels are even smaller than they were in Deadly Shadows. And like Deadly Shadows, they brought back that godawful hub world. Not worth your money, even if its on sale."
76561198122399401,Recommended,239160,9683653,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,God Of Heathens,this game is everything it says it is. fantastic graphics awsome game play and time just flys by when ur playing.
76561197993387298,Not Recommended,239160,14289117,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SHANKING CONQUISTADOR,"This game is the biggest wast of money ive have ever made. if u want a game that will flat out just not work and spent all your time with the game developers trying to get it working from releese date till now. this is just trash not to ever have the right to call it a game, it will also lie about the amount of hours ppl have played it ive never been sucsessfully able to play this game and apperently ive played 178.8hrs. this games nothing but a big lie after anouther."
,Recommended,239160,9288972,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Chaddley,"Wait for a sale, its not worth it otherwise :/"
,Recommended,239160,9379250,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Rampage,"Thief is a completely intraquite in its own way but fun like every game that involves stealth, however you are needed to have a fantastic graphics card in order to, well, have the first person stealth adventure of a lifetime. Once you grab a hold of that, prepare yourself for the best Thief game yet and take your shadows to the test."
,Recommended,239160,9382965,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,suicidal.banana,"Great game, f*ck all the bad reviews from people expecting dishonored or deus ex or whatnot, if your into old school stealth games, you should try this.If you played (and liked) older versions, then you will like this one too, since its still pretty much the same ordeal."
,Recommended,239160,9682092,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Aeviternus,"very fun, it has alot of the stealth elements as the older thieves and really a blast from the past a must buy for older thief players and new ones alike, its not essential to play to older ones"
76561197990539852,Recommended,239160,9267576,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,NanoVirus,brings back all the old memories of playing the first thief but with a new wonderful redisign
,Recommended,239160,9272648,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Forsaken Sight,"Have briefly played a few other Thief games I can see how much better this game is. Its a great concept, tons of replay ability with the augment to the hub, I'm taking my time and enjoying every minute I'm stealing everything not nailed down."
76561198088619984,Recommended,239160,9273750,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,busdrivindago,"I am an old school thief fan having bought the original thief when it was first released.  It holds a special place in my memory and was one of my favorite franchises.  Thief 1 and 2 where great I didn't care as much for deadly shadows on the xbox.  The console versions I believe held the game back and loading screens throughout the city broke up the immersion.  That is one of the issues I have with the new thief.  Even though we have new consoles out they are still underpowered when compared to a good gaming pc which i'm playing on.  The city is once again broken into sections that must load. The load screen is only 2 seconds tops for me but it still kind of breaks the immersion.  Besides that I am very impressed so far with the game, in comparison to the older games everything has been improved, besides not having garrets voice actor back. Gameplay wise Garret moves smoothly through the city and climbs and jumps with ease.  Some people have said the game is very linear but I've mainly been getting lost exploring the city, there are all kinds of paths and tunnels to travel through.  So far I have played the first main mission and have been going at the side missions, the side missions are a good way to explore the city.  I am playing on master difficulty with everything turned off.  The game is a true stealth game which I am very pleased that they kept it this way. Once again if you are seen by a gaurd you will have a tough time fighting them off, two gaurd and your as good as dead.  The atmosphere is great and like old thief games you have to really search for some loot.  The first mission its easy to find but after that its more challenging.  There is much to find for those who like to explore something like 200 documents, 84 unique loot items among other challenges to find.  I'm disappointed that people are bashing this game because it really is a good time.  In a world where irrational games closes, and where tomb raider selling 4 millions copies is considered not worth thier time making it I am worried about thief and other unique titles.  So many people will look at a review by someone who doesn't understand the genre and then not buy a game.  If you are a gamer that is sick of call of duty then buy this game.  This will be a good example to other publishers, they will be watching to see if this genre can make money, if it doesn't sell well then you can bet that this is the last thief game we will see again and other publishers won't want to take the risk making anything other than shooters.  Gamers need to show that they will buy other experiences besides shooters.  Titan fall was a blast and will sell well but gamers really need to buy other kinds of games such as thief.  True thief fans should really like the game unless they are the kind that go into this with a poor attitute to begin with.  I will update this when I finish the game but so far I'm getting my monies worth as I've played over 6 hours and only done 1 main mission and 4 side missions."
,Recommended,239160,9275464,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,BasedSurka,"Amazing game, a lot like dishonored."
,Recommended,239160,9303284,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dohtoor,"This game is so much better than reviews describe it, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ STFU game journalists!"
,Recommended,239160,9379455,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,DannyboyO1,"Seems to be a very polarizing game. A lot of people compare it unfavorably to nostalgia... while complaining that the graphics aren't good enough.I liked it. I'd just played the new DLC for The Last of Us right before. Same gameplay, really. Collect all the shinies you can. Don't be seen 'till you're ready. Enjoy the world you get to explore. Don't expect a lot of control over the plot.Some people get creeped out about jumping being ""different"". It's a bit Arkham Asylum. But it does the same things I did with it in the original trilogy, and adds a quiet dash. I miss the gas arrows and mines more. Great toys, but expensive.The original series was a complete story arc. A reboot, given the changes in technology and fun ideas to borrow from franchises inspired by the originals... seems wise. There's a few things I'd have done differently, but the custom difficulty tweaks mean I could make the game harder if I wanted to. Turns out, I don't really want to."
,Recommended,239160,9392842,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mr. Wonderful,"I can not even begin to explain how frustrated I am with the metascore and with negative reviews here thus far. This is a perfect example of how some people are just inclined to want to be different, so they go around shiznitting on everyone else's parade. Not on my watch.This game, though not the greatest game of this era (and certainly won't be GOTY) is undoubtedly still worth playing, and certainly worth the launch price. And in order to add value to the discussion in the reviews, I need to explain why people's gripes about this game are just outright wrong.Some people have suggested that the game is too much of a change from the soul of the series. You want to know a game that was too different from the rest of it's series? Hitman Absolution. And that is just simply not the case here. The main character, Barrett , still has to-self dialogue, characteristic of older Thief games. Someone had even suggested that there is no more humorous dialogue between guards. Are you kidding me? I just sat through a part of the game where guards had a conversation about cockrings. I've also heard people complain about not being able to jump. Well boo-♥♥♥♥ing-hoo, I'm sorry you can't bunnyhop around like you do in other games that I'm sure you'd try to tell me are ""realistic."" So when you come across insipid reviews from people like Arod Snaux, who claims it's just a step above on-rail games (an over-dramatization from someone who thinks he's going to start a riot in Japan), just keep moving.So, again, and as a parting note, when you come across these overly-dramatic, overly-cynical, negative reviews of this game, please move on. I'm pretty sure most of them are written by 12-year-olds. The game is certainly worth a play, and even though it's not revolutionary, it's still fun. And may I add, absolutely beautiful (graphics-wise)."
,Recommended,239160,9269926,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ChaosUnity,"Thief in general has gotten fairly bad reviews mostly for the fact that noglistica has taken over many of the old ""Thief Series"" fan base. I, however, disagree with this pre-concieved notion of it being terrrible; in fact I would have to argue that in general gameplay and new mechanics it may be a bit rough sometimes but over all a great improvement. The story itself is a bit weak at times yet to be honest who plays a Thief game for story. From running around in shadows to pressing light swtiches to hiding bodies, this reboot game does capture many good aspects from the old series, especially when you are in first person view and you really do feel like a thief grabbing gold and looting safes. While some may bleat that ""oh this game has terrible voice acting and bad graphics and you cant jump"" I say to you, well didn't the original thief series have some of its own bugs and bull%^&*.P.S If you do say that this game has terrible graphics, you sir are a blind arngry little troll who only knows how to press the space bar, good day to you sir.P.S.S Dont listen to Metacritic, half their reviews are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t which applies to pretty much any sight that gives an actual numbered rating. I mean not all reviews are truthful, yet, not all reviews are lies so just take them with a grain of salt."
76561198031154706,Recommended,239160,9270417,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,starlizard70,"Great game, amazing graphics and feel to it."
,Recommended,239160,9271312,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,walsh,spooky ghost 10/10
76561198047724183,Recommended,239160,9638336,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Hedonismbot,"Thief is definitely a great solid game with beautiful graphics, atmosphere, voiceover and cutscenes. Maps are interesting to explore, good are interesting to steal. If you love stealth games you should like a new Thief.BUT! If you are a hardcore fan of Thief series - this new Thief might disappoint you.Alternatively if you expect rich plot with multiple choices – you will get disappointed as well. Played Dishonored? Imagine even more linear plot then and you`ll get the idea about Thief."
76561198101686063,Recommended,239160,9675689,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,suhaibalkindi99,cool awsom game
,Recommended,239160,10941642,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Iacton Qruze,"I enjoy the pants off this game, stellar graphics, fun story, stealing is awesome! If you are a fan of the thief series or you like to crawl around in the dark this game is for you."
,Recommended,239160,14595827,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pancake,"If you believe dirty men hands are erotic, this game might be the right for you."
,Not Recommended,239160,18659796,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,▲,Game breaking bugs and frustrating instant death platforming sections.
,Recommended,239160,10488888,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,BIG MOIST,"if this game was a potato, this game would be a GOOD potato"
76561198130198065,Recommended,239160,32988707,Posted: 29 June,all,Feighn_Darkswoard,"All right, let's start off with talking about what this game is not. This is not the origional ""Thief"". The origional Thief series where very open world, giving you up to fifteen paths to take to accomplish a level. This game gives you at most three, in a chapter. I loved the origional Thief, and Thief II. I played them when they first came out, and if you have not played them, I would suggest you go and give them a try as well (Thief: Gold Edition is highly reccomended as it streamlines the origional game). I even played Thief III on Xbox, and while it was not the same as the origional two, it had a few interesting mechanics, and some of the oddest glitches out there (I had my game lock all enemies into only using horizantal attacks once, so I could stay crouched and never get hit for almost an hour and a half of gameplay, with saving and loading, no idea how it happened)!This Thief, while more linear in it's approach, is still a great game! I have looked through all the negative reviews, and it is usually, ""This game is not as good as Dishonored."" Here is the thing, they are two very different games! Is Dishonored great? Yes, it is. However, it plays completely differently. Don't judge a game for not being something completely different than what it is meant to be. I had a great time playing through the game. I personally wish there had been more puzzles to advance, because I felt the puzzles available where a little too simplistic. But I have not only played through it once, I am now playing through it for a second time.This version of Thief reintroduces us to ""The City"", a setting I have seen through three previous iterations. Now I am seeing the City as it decays from the inside, dying from its own corruption. I am getting to see Garret, the main character, deal with the world he has known and saved many times, crumbling around him. We are shown how humanity will turn on itself, when some disease runs rampant through the populace. The game deals with having a mass of dead bodies, and what needs to be done to clear them from the domain of those still living to protect them from the horrors of the more filth and diseases caused by it. We are introduced Garret's rival, trainee, and love interest.So, yes, I would reccomend getting this game. Especially if you can grab it during a sale event!"
,Recommended,239160,21746434,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Foxemo,"If you want to be a Thief, then buy this game!"
76561197976000639,Not Recommended,239160,34258951,Posted: 15 August,all,arctic_plasma,Poses as some kind of Thief reboot with an emo sissy garret all the while trying to be assassin's creed.
76561197979380859,Recommended,239160,9286706,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,demontanuki,Great game. Great graphics. Great game play. I am amazed that there are so many people who have obviously never played the first game that are saying this does not hold up to it. The first game was decent but at the same time very slow in pacing. This game is entertainment that give a great experience and full immersion that can be custom tailored to fit anyone’s play style and challenge their skill.
,Recommended,239160,9288912,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,IbizaLTU,Long Review ? Nah ....This game is the best ! Peoples who like Stealth games this game is perfect for you !
,Recommended,239160,9302093,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,panther,this is not like old Thief: easy and dirty. but still it's a good game. Garret became more sentimental. that's something.
,Recommended,239160,9309079,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Tryk,Nice game.
,Recommended,239160,9307097,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,҉  Sorrow-San,"Although I agree that this game is not ""as"" good as the older Theif games, by no means is it a bad game. And I don't see why people have to downrate or find every little thing they can nitpick about.The entire game is in first person, you can look down and see your feet & hands, you can sneak around a corner and lean out from behind a box to check for guards, or you can run along the roof tops and not care one bit.Although your not required to stealth through the game, it's hard... Not Impossible, but hard, to fight more then one enemy (it's better off to just run). Besides, why fight when they give you so many ways to knock out, kill, distract, or sneak around the guards?You can...-Shoot a torch out of a guards hand from the shadows (water arrows ftw)-Toss a bottle / glass at a guards head to knock him out, or at a wall to distract a group of guards-Sneak / run along the rooftops (guards won't follow you up there, these are no Assassin creed guards)-Leave a body in plain site to creative a deversion-Extinguish a lightsource or open a door that's in plain view of a guard (best to stay in the shadows)-Or my personal fav, create sounds with your blackjack to draw a guard overEvery shadow is your hiding spot, and when you have none... there are occasional broom closets you can hide in to avoid a patrol or attempt to hide from an angry group chaseing after you. (although your likely to eventually be found if that happens)Then we get to the sheen of this game, how good it looks.I'm running it off of a widescreen TV in Big Picture mode (Hdmi cable from my laptop!) and I have most of the settings cranked up to max. Sure, there is a loading issue when you first enter a town ""zone"" (the town is split into ~3 main zones) as the entire zone needs to load a 2nd time before it plays at a nice smooth framerate.It's obvious they spent extra time on every aspect of this game, cloth almost seems real (plus it makes reletively good cover from guard patrols). And every surface has a diffrent sound set for walking, running, dragging a body, etc. Not only do the diffrent surfaces change the sound set but they also help mask or unmask your presence. Carpt is your friend while broken glass, oil, water / wet surfaces, ploished stone, and more, all make you louder and in some cases can even give away your presence.Bug wise, I have only found three problems with the game.-Saving during / right after a scripted sequence can break the script when you reload that save. (Can be game-breaking on some levels)-Occasionally a table or chair will be missing, or you can see a ""crack"" in the world.-Scripted event characters (corpses & characters only seen during a realtime event) have an odd tendency to suddenly show up in the refrence pose (without an AI).TLDR: Overall it's a damn good game, and I'm still playing it!"
,Recommended,239160,28873517,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Smiley_120,"I know everybody has issues because apparently this didn't hold up to the older games. I never played the old ones, but I really enjoyed this game. At least the story and main missions.Fast travel would have been nice. Running the same routes all over the city 100 times to complete every side mission was tedious and super annoying because of loading between each section.Seriously... loading times between areas... tiny areas. Really annoying. So I ended up not finishing all the side missions and not getting half the collectibles.I am giving a thimbs up for the main missions and story. I enjoyed it."
76561197971261464,Recommended,239160,10676600,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,seraph144,"I've heard this is not like the older Thief games, so if that's what you're looking for, maybe this isn't for you... However, taken as a standalone, it's a really solid game. It runs well, it's fun, and evading.taking out guards without being seen remains fun even after you've done it a lot. Certainly worth playing, especially at a reduced price like you'll find it today."
,Recommended,239160,10679886,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kendrick Lamario,"Great stealth game, just not a very good game in general. I'd only recommend to people who are big fans of the stealth genre."
,Recommended,239160,10877424,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Halkuonn,"As someone who didn't know about the existence of the previous Thief games, I can say that this reboot is a great presentation to the series.Combining an intriguing story with a charismatic character, within the sneak and steal environment, someone interested in exploring superficially the scenery during the main quest can achieve some worthy 30 hours of gameplay. There's still room for side quests and deeper exploration, and I believe it adds another 10 hours of gameplay (or even more).I was surprised by the phases in the Asylum. I did not expect a frightening theme, which I've never been particularly keen. Still, the involvement of Garrett with the plot and the game itself encouraged me to continue with all the anxiety and suspense that I wasn't 'prepared' to pass, and I admit that I'm grateful to have passed trough it.I've experienced some bugs, mainly with the tutorial quest where the game had a FPS drop and some crashing/freezing, but the situation stabilized with the update and on further quests. Got a little disappointed with some enemies AI, especially in the ""Normal"" difficulty. They're easy to deceive and often 'blind' even when you stand right in front of them. Still, it's risky to try to enter open combat with them, so there is always a concern to keep out of trouble.Anyway, had a great experience with THIEF and intend to try the previous games. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,14554348,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SuperGiantEgg,"I am a big thief fan and actually preordered this game -- one of the only games i ever preordered.the only thing nice about this game is the graphics. everything else is terrible compared to the old thief games. the gameplay is stale. the story is uninspiring and confusing. the maps are dizzy yet linear. playing it only leads to depression. this is the first negative review i'd ever left. i tried playing through the game many times, but couldnt finish due to how boring it is.if you never played thief before, this might be an okay C- game if you can get it on sale. but if you are a thief fan, this game will be a huge disappointment. i am not sure how or why it's such a bad game. but somehow, despire the beautiful graphics, it's just a dizzy, uninspiring, confusing game that only resembles the old thief games in the name."
,Not Recommended,239160,27540032,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Emeran,"Fun game, story rly good, comic better, I didnt like the type of gameplay just range wepons. The hard puzzls make this game bad. 7/10"
76561198050620872,Not Recommended,239160,10210653,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Bird Person,This game looks fun but gets really boing and i think that i wasted my money on this. the AI is soo♥♥♥♥♥♥you can stand in front of them and they wont see you and the voice acting hurts my ears.if you want a good stealth game get dishonored. i would give it a 6/10. WASTED MY MONEY
,Recommended,239160,11094701,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Scuro,Decent game. Nothing about this game really stands out from other stealth games. Story is a little hard to follow. Would be worth the price if it was on sale.
76561198052242622,Not Recommended,239160,14602501,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lobstermadness,"Very pretty to look at, but something went off track when the devs created the gameplay.  You are doing the same easy things over and over again with rewards mostly meaningless, RPG elements are very undercooked to the point of being pointless.  Worst of all, the ""open city"" requires hard loading so you cannot explore the city without looking at load screens.Graphically the fog and particle effects are very artfully done.  Whoever did that stuff should get a raise.Dishonored just walks all over this game unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,239160,13636886,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wex (Rony),"This game becomes repetative after like 2 missions, cutscenes are boring, the hub world is horribly designed, the story is not intresting, Basicly dis game sucks total♥♥♥♥♥♥dick."
76561198109511994,Recommended,239160,9277482,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,thefinder808,"For any fan of the Thief franchise wondering whether or not to get this game, my advice is to grab it. While there are several aspects of this game that frustrate me, overall the missions are extremely well made, visually stunning, and the sounds/music create a very immersive atmosphere. I'm a huge Thief fan, I've played Thief and Thief 2 about a million times, not to mention tons of fan missions (some of which are almost better than the original missions), and this game doesn't disappoint me. Could it be better? Yes. Here are the cons:Less freedom: Frequently during the game you will get the sense that you are being too heavily directed especially in the city going to and from missions.Loading screens/busy work: The city area (where you buy supplies, go to and from missions, etc) is the worst part of the game. It's easy to get lost because it's too full of dead ends, and the ""gates"" to get to the next area aren't marked. There are windows you pry open, most just lead to homes, some are the ""gates"" that take you into a new region of the city. Unfortunately the map doesn't tell you which is which so finding your way around can take a while and be annoying.Hand animations: This one doesn't bother me that much but I still wish it wasn't there. Whenever you grab loot or open a drawer/door there is a short animation of your hands grabbing/opening. Some people may not notice, I just think the game would flow better without the animations.Those are my biggest gripes, but the pros far outweigh them. The pros:The freaking missions: The missions (especially starting at chapter 5) are extremely well made and fun to play. Chapter 5 was very well done and managed to freak me out several times. The music and sounds are excellent, and missions are large, beautiful, and difficult just like Thief should be.Upgrades/Swoop: The upgrade system fits great with this type of game, and the new swoop move where you quickly and silently...well...swoop adds a great dynamic to your stealth movement.Overall this is a really fun game and a great addition to the Thief franchise (I like it a lot better than Deadly Shadows), and while the city area can be a headache, the actual missions more than make up for it."
,Recommended,239160,9339878,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,FRRAKSURRED,"This game is good and bad.  The world created is impeccable.  The gameplay is likewise well crafted and fun, particularly if you turn off all the visual aids and assists.  The original was ground-breaking where stealth gameplay was concerned, this game honors its roots for the most part, while gently bringing the genre forward.  After Splinter Cell and Dishonored took what Thief began and honed it, rebooting Thief required some tweaking.  This is one of the areas the game suceeds in; most the missions and sidequests are fun to play with a fair amount of choice and diversity.  The world is not entirely open, but open enough to allow exploration without moving too far away from the story.  Story, unfortunately is where the game falls on its face.  It is clumsy, leaves numerous loose ends and often pulls you out of the action to rush you through a thrown together cinematic.  Voice acting is mediocre and audio bugs repeat the same line constantly or layer them over other lines.  The City layout can be very confusing, which does not sooth the frustration of the repetitive running back and forth the game puts you through.  The game contains profanity that seems awkwardly out of place for the time period it tries to mimic and falls into the same childish trend of ""there must be boobs!  And sex!!"" that seems to be gripping so many Developers anymore.  Personally I thought Disnonored handled its ""seedy grit"" more professionally.  Maybe I'm just tried of cheap thrills replacing creative content.  Don't get me wrong, as a whole the game is enjoyable with several shining moments.  It's no Human Revolution, but it's entertaining enough for a playthrough or two.  A filler until the next Deus Ex comes out."
76561198041733310,Not Recommended,239160,13208095,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Corporal Chlamydia,"The basic gameplay and mechanics of Thief are solid, but it's the level design that gets it. After playing the original Thiefs, all the main missions of this (compared to the originals) are really, super linear. Open door. Steal stuff. Get past guards. Open door. Repeat. There's no space to do the mission like you want to, outside of the aformentioned rooms. Except when there's instant-fail states."
,Not Recommended,239160,14535796,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Spooky,"This game was fun for about the first 1-3 hours but after the initial few lvls, and eventually the scary♥♥♥♥♥ asylumn mission, the whole game is exactly the same. I feel as though i wasted my time going through the missions trying to get the unseen bonus only finding that speneding half an hour sneaking around only gets you 1 achivement. I would say this game is certainly not worth full price and would only recremend it if it is under £10 in a sale."
,Recommended,239160,30222309,Posted: 27 February,all,DerookieGasell,"okay, after playing for more than 2 Hours i found somethingactually i haven't played the previous series so i have no idea about Garret's pastit's a nice game for a fans of stealth game, because you will need to hide from the enemies, it's so ♥♥♥♥in hard when enemy picking fight with you, you only have something like mace, be wise for your movement, i recommend you to do stealth as you can..the stealing feature is really interesting, you could even steal a glass and plate, even a pen, to get some goldmany people said your character can't even jumping, technically you could jump, but with a trick, you only could jump to cross over the land ( this movement similar to Assassin's Creed series )but 1 more thing you should hate about this game, the rope arrow only can be used in several area, not ""everywhere""but i getting like this game because the stealth and movement seems like ""assassin's creed series"" in First Person Camera"
76561197986145324,Recommended,239160,28573997,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tom Cruise*,A nice break from playing other games at 100 mph.
76561198324468525,Recommended,239160,29065236,Posted: 6 January,all,cogtepsum,"A lot of negative reviews here have the main point of ""this is not the same Thief"". Well, I didn't play any of the previous games and I enjoyed this one very much.The gameplay is rather solid (I admit that it's not perfect, but it's good). The world and locations are pretty-looking and  atmospheric, it's a good fun to climb all that medieval mazes of roofs. And there is a lot of side content like missions and secret areas wich make the world interesting to explore. Although the conversations you catch while travelling the city sometimes get too repetetive, I've heard the line ""something's different about you. wait, I've got it - you don't smell like sh*t and p*ss"" like a hundred times.If you have enjoyed games like Dishonored or new DeusEx'es, you will probably enjoy this game as well."
76561198049426386,Recommended,239160,14571127,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,erpaul31,I am a big fan of thief. I like this game like all the rest of them that I played.
76561198236645752,Recommended,239160,20626341,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ohadraz,It gets boring sometimes but its not a bad game the graphics are fine+ the combat is ok and the stealth is good still i wouldn't recommend buying in full pricep.s there's a discount every month on this game
,Not Recommended,239160,17668834,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Major Kong's Wild Ride,"When I started the game, I was suprised at how detailed and pretty the scenery was. However, I couldn't stop to admire it because one of the first things you do is sprint across a rooftop, with motion blur on. It was sickening. If you want to play a game like this, play Dishonored. Its much better."
76561198071849201,Recommended,239160,11014299,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Milamber The Great One,"This is a great stealth game throwing in all the good aspects of Skyrim's theif class, the stealthness of Dishonured (excuss my spelling), though i don't reccomending buying it at full price but diffintley buy it when it is on sale."
76561197986499434,Recommended,239160,35206820,Posted: 25 September,all,Über™ Senpai,"If you are a fan of stealth, searching for for loot and shooting random drunk guards with arrows you will love this game."
,Recommended,239160,28816477,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheGreatFWT,"Pro Thief Don't Kill, Pro Killer Don't Steal."
,Not Recommended,239160,16610031,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Herostratus,"Constant QTEs, and a need to interact with everything to move more than a metre or so. Strangely intensive for a game where there isn't much happening, and doesn't seem to like letting anyone turn graphics settings off, with the lowest option being ""normal"" for some settings."
,Recommended,239160,34116201,Posted: 8 August,all,mercSTALKER,"As a long time Thief player, and fan of the series, since initial release of The Dark Project back in '98... Thfourf is, kinda, somewhat, partially what Deadly Shadows should have been (IMHO). Though Deadly Shadows was *good*, a major highlight was Stephen Russel still voicing Garett, and his ability to deliver the non-chalant, devil-may-care attitude to our beloved thief, while still conveying the ""what the hell did I get myself into"" take on things... which isn't delivered nor fully fulfilled in Thfourf.That being said, Thfourf does do a major attempt to convey much larger game world ""maps"" than Deadly Shadows was capable of, and even with revisiting the City hubs, it still feels more expansive... though after a while a little cumbersome. The actual mission maps are more expansive than those of Deadly Shadows, yet no where near the scope of any mission in The Metal Age. Stealth dynamics are still the front of the series, and continue to oust any competitor - from Styx, to Splinter Cell, to Dishonored and the ""questionable"" Metal Gear series. Though, I fell the 'Focus' ability was aimed more at new-comers to the Thief world, at the least, for us long term taffers, it can be disabled and ignored. One does not need the 'focus' ability to enjoy the game, quite the contrary, abstaining from it's use is far more challenging... far more vanilla Thief.If you want a struggling RPG experience, better look towards Dishonored, Metal Gear of Styx. The 'focus' ability isn't only really partially fledged out, and felt more like a catering fan service to new players of the genre to strengthen their experience short-comings.The missions can be expansive at times and require the patient approach to figure out strategy for each small area you come across; though one specific mission felt like a straight call out to the epic ""Shalebridge Cradle"" of Deadly Shadows, with a very similar approach and engagement to the mission getting into full swing. I felt it was a very good effort, was very enjoyable to run through, but lacked the impression Shalebridge did first time running through Deadly Shadows (i.e. was a good mission, but didn't stand up to Shalebridge's earing a 10-page layout in PC Gamer).All in all, I would say Thfourf is a solid installment to the original series, if one can set is aside from being a direct followup. As much as we fans were loathe of Deadly Shadows at time of release, we learned to appreciate it, and Thfourf is in that category. It's good, is ""Thief,"" it has it's faults, but is still enjoyable to stealth."
,Recommended,239160,9702602,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Soraya,This games fun and I enjoyed it
76561198069720184,Not Recommended,239160,20305926,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SIG516,"Where to begin......We'll start with free running. If you could call it that. Part of the allure of this game is the thought of being able to sprint across rooftops dashing and jumping like any good thief should... that is not the case, most of the rooftops in this ""open world"" game are so small and linear that you literally have to stop every 2 seconds and go ""ok where can I go next, can i go here? nope can't go there, what about here? nope."" and the rare times where there are places where you can jump from rooftop to rooftop you'll take a running start press space AND... fall to your death, all because the game doesnt let you free jump, you are only allowed to jump at certain points so if you're at the edge of a rooftop and you think you can jump best not to take the chance.Next is combat, while this game encourages going through stealthily and unseen on some occasions you just cant help it, either you weren't looking and an enemy snuck up behind you or whatever if you get detected your only option is to restart from a save spot or run away, or pray you have some broadheads and good aim, because the fighting mechanic in this game is so terrible, Press V to dodge and attack with R seems simple, right? WRONG!!! The weapon you attack with is basically useless when fighting enemies as it only does about 1/50th of their health in damage per swing.Now to the main allure of this game, Stealing... Oh yes the countless hours of stealing hairbrushes and flasks, it's what we've all wanted.... Besides the big item heists here and there it is basically pointless as the only thing you can spend your money on is upgrades and materials half of which you dont even really need.All in all I would say don't waste your money, this is one of those games that could have been great but is dragged down by repetitive gameplay and pointless missions and a story that will leave you scratching your head and going ""da f*** just happened."""
,Not Recommended,239160,20357182,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CuddzBear,There is a part with♥♥♥♥♥♥in it. Thats about the only good part unless you REALLY REALLY REALLY like stealth.
76561198332147359,Recommended,239160,29166101,Posted: 10 January,all,Ssg Goku,this game is really cool well some parts are scary and some parts are awesome
,Not Recommended,239160,9842291,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Deetox,I was after the stealth gameplay but this didn't cut it. It felt more like a action-based game with stealth moments. The story is really linear and didn't get me involved at all. I regret buying this at full price.
,Recommended,239160,31167144,Posted: 15 April,all,AugustGamer,"I enjoyed this game. I knew about most of it's faults beforehand, so I think that actually helped me to look past them and enjoy the rest of the game.There some annoying problems with this game. I will lay the ones I found most notable out here before I get to the good stuff.1. There are annoyingly long scripted animations for doing very common things: opening windows, knocking out guards, stealing loot, opening doors/wardrobes/cabinets, opening grates. This is the biggest problem of them all, in my opinion. It kind of disrupts the flow of the game, breaks the immersion. You get used to it after a while, and then it's ok.2. The city map is split up by multiple loading screens (this is a joke, they should have been able to fit it all on one map without any load times, it's not that big).3. It could be pretty difficult to get to certain areas of the map at times, but you get there after some snooping around and observations. Many people point out the lack of a fast-travel system. This should have been included, but you can get by fine without one once you get used to the layout of different areas.4. (Only important to fans of the Thief Franchise) There are loads of differences to the previous Thief games. In essence, this should be called something else as the gameplay mechanics are seriously lacking compared to the previous games.I enjoyed this game for multiple reasons:1. The side-quests were varied and helped scratch the completionist itch I have.2. The environments are very atmospheric (there is however a very small colour palette and it's really depressing/dreary. Many people will not like this, but I thought it was fine)3. There is a variety of ways to complete each mission and travel through the map.4. It was an excellent immersive experience at times.5. Many different tools and arrow types making the gameplay more diverse (again, not as good as the previous Thief games, but for a newbie it would be fine)6. Good pacing. The game progressed along nicely.Look, I'll be honest, I could list many more smaller faults. It's a shame it was so different from the previous games which had excellent lore, better characters, interesting factions, more dynamic game mechanics. If you are new to the franchise, then these things don't matter, and you can enjoy the game more. However, if you are a fan of the series, then you'll have to accept all these caveats and treat the game differently. It's so different to the previous titles that you should probably treat it as a completely unrelated game. You'll have a chance of enjoying it then."
76561198065127680,Not Recommended,239160,11949768,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,efeuds,Thief was extremely glitchy freezing up every few minutes. Also the keys I was given for the digital comic book where considered invalid by the website where you had to redeem them.
,Recommended,239160,9278854,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Alhazred,"Excellent game, very well done, and great story. excellent stealth mechanics, and super fun. Just finished the main story but still have all the side quests to do. Tons to explore and lots of homes to burglarize."
,Recommended,239160,10926268,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nitropan,Alot of good stealth weapons and lots of lootGrabbing Simulator 2014Would recommend
,Recommended,239160,9380113,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Narcotic_Malkavian,"Lengthy review here. That aside I want to be as fair as I can about this game. Do I recommend this game? Hell yes I do!  Now let me go over why I recommend this game starting with what I didn't like so much then going on to what I thought was freaking awesome.Cons1. I don't like Erin.  I think her not being in this game would not have hurt it one bit and probably made it a little better, I know she is ingrained in the plot like cancer but they could have done a work-around and not used her and that would have been fine by me.  I won't elaborate more on that because of spoilers.  If you liked her thats fine by me, just a little personal dislike on my part.  She brought nothing new and whined the entire time she existed in this game, same old master and apprentice bull that wasn't needed. Garret is a loner as said in all the games of the series reboot or not.  Her voice is also grating<--again my opinion.2. No old gods.  Say their freaking names TRICKSTER and BUILDER!  Quit saying old gods!  You make passing reference to the Trickster and never mention the builder (at least in my playthrough maybe a note I missed does if so let me know).  Even when Garret is staring at a frikin hammerite cathedral he doesn't say Builder or hammerites he says old god that annoyed the hell out of me.  It seems like they tried ultra hard to not say their names its funny they tried that hard to alienate the old games in that view and it also makes some of the dialog sound stupid cause new people to the game that get into the lore will be like ""who are the old gods""? Cthulhu? Just cause you do a reboot and take ""religion"" out of the game so to speak doesn't mean you can't use thier names. Again pet peeve of mine maybe no biggie to anyone else.3.Dialog.  Not all the dialog is bad, some of it is actually quite good.  Problem being you hear the same conversations over and over and over and over sometimes on top of one another over and over again. <---will be fixed with patch I know. Also though the small talk you hear like ""wonder if there are any sloop....sluup.....sleup however you spell it stalls open tonight"" or the simple ""it hurts"" what hurts life? feet? persons breath? tooth? hemorrhoids?  These people must have the worst case of sleep apnea in the world cause they all go on saying ""maybe i'll sleep tonight?"" ""so tired.""  The worst teeth in the universe ""I think my tooth's coming loose."" Also they love their freaking coffee. If you have played the game you know what I mean, if your going to play you will know what I mean shortly.4.Lack of enemy variety.  This kinda goes back to my old gods reference you essentially have 3 types of enemies, towns people do not count.  Copy paste new wardrobe on same npc does not a new enemy make. You have a watch/craven/guard with a sword, watch/craven/guard with a bow, and the monsters that I will call Primal streakers cause they be naked.  And a few special plot npcs.  In the first 3 games WITH the trickster and builder you had more enemy variety and allowed for more level variety and changed up the guard layout a bit. To name a few Pagans had warriors/druids, ape-men, cray-men, mantis-men, and treants (I may have missed some).  Hammers had warriors/priests mechanical robots and mechanical traps hammerite ghosts and shades.  There were zombies, the watch, and regular guards.  All that but the guards was pretty much taken out. In the 3rd game a fish type humanoid species like deep ones were introduced and they were pretty cool also.5. Focus.  I will not scream fanboy stuff if people like this game crutch<--personal opinion so be it.  I do think it takes allot of challenge away from the game and allot of the enjoyment I had playing it people will miss by using this.  It wasn't needed, we need slo-mo because......reasons.  I feel it takes some of the tenseness<---is this a word if not it is now, out of the game, like trying to pick that lock while that guard is quickly gonna walk right up on you if you don't hurry.  I did not use focus by the way.6. Nudity/cursing.  I have no problem with either but I (personally) feel they do not belong in a thief game the first  three games (if memories serve me right, let me know if I am wrong) had no nudity and very very little cursing.  I now cannot let my 13 year old daughter play the game due to the nudity and she is a great fan of the original thief games.Loot.(this is not really a con I just wish there had been more variety on this as well)  too many pens, letter openers, and other nick nacks.  I miss some of the loot from the old games like ore and gems and such.  If you played the old games you know what i'm talking about if not your really not missing anything super important here.Voice.(again not a con Garrets new voice actor does a wonderful job) I will however say I miss old Garrets voice and the whole we needed new voice actor bull because of motion capture is pretty lame excuse because the lip synce is still not that great and guess what 90% of the game is done in FPS not 3rd person so we really can't see a whole lot of his sweet moves.Ok now on to the pros section (finally they all said).1. Stealth. I loved the stealth in this game it really felt tense especially if you played on master and custom stuff like me. The AI needs a little work I had a guard see me through a door once and a couple of times I couldn't distract a non moving guard to move anywhere like he was stuck.  Had a guard in the baron's mansion stuck in a loop in the hall which will get fixed with a patch but I couldn't ghost into the room which was annoying and cost me the get all loot sub-goal.  All in all though a solid stealth experience in my opinion.2. Level design.  I liked all the mission levels in this game they were all unique and if you took your time they would take a long time to go through just like the old thief games.  Not to mention allot of them were huge or multi-parted which I also liked.3. The city.  I like the layout of the city the whole mood of the game really comes to life here aside from annoying dialog repeating constantly<---will be patched im sure.  Its dark, brooding, mysterious, and deadly.  So much to explore and do and it was fun climbing around looking for alternate ways to get to certain places. I will say though the getting to other sections of town was sometimes slightly annoying especially if you were exploring a part you haven't been to and went to a window that you could break into only to find out it was a loading screen bearing window and took you against your will to another section of town.  Also secret candles.4. The tools.  I really like the new tools implemented here the wire cutters while simple it was very useful in the game. Not to mention the razor for the really funny paintings. And lets not forget thiefs version of the sonic screwdriver which was also highly useful.  The arrow variety was great also but I found myself missing the moss arrows especially for all the broken glass found every where especially in the later areas.  Gas arrows were replaced with less awesome choke arrows, and rope arrows can't go into any wooden surface you choose like in the first 2 games....rope arrows was not in the 3rd game.  You get a new blast arrow which is essentially a bomb arrow and water arrows are less useful in this game unlike the first 3 where they were your best friend but thats fine.  I don't understand why they took noise making arrows out of the game and fixed it where you could distract guards with blunt and regular arrows and bottles you picked up I found them less effective personally.5. Story. I leave it up to you really, I did not hate it I just hate they took all the lore from the past games for granted and didn't hardly use any of it.6. graphics.  Excellent I have no complaints. in the end of give this game a 8/10 there is just tons of content."
76561198092538524,Not Recommended,239160,9839598,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Uncle Feel,"Im not giving this game a 100% thumbs down because at least there is better graphics, More and i mean more voice actors in this one that the first two and maybe the third thief game but it loses alot of points for not having the original Garretts' voice in it and it still had that spooky element in it as well in certain parts."
76561198000503869,Recommended,239160,9290996,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Immortan Joe,Thief is an excellent stealth game. It doesn't lack anything. The world is open between chapters and there are plenty of buildings to brake in. I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a good stealth game and likes braking and entering.
,Not Recommended,239160,13626307,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,brickly_turtles,no
,Recommended,239160,9371077,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,John Doe,"DISHONORED - Still a better story than ThiefThat's what I've come out with, after I finished Garret's new adventure.I really appreciated the atmosphere, the city itself is wonderful, dark and somehow gothic.The graphics are impressive, running on an appropriate machine (like I do).I enjoyed much more running free around the city instead of following the main quest (wait, that's not Skyrim!!).The mechanics are easy to understand, there are a variety of gadgets you can use during your Chapters, but actually you can afford to play even nearly without any of them. I mean there are no such situations in which you think ""Damn, I really need to use <gadget> to make it!"", and the city doesn't remind me of a living city, with living people: you can jump into windows, searching for loot in the drawers and noone will notice. That's a little down for me, 'cause there is all the potencial for a great stealth game, but it's like it lacks of personality, like a plain board.The story itself is not something that keeps your attention from minute to minute, that encourages you to keep on following the main objectives: I found it somehow predictable.. I preferred to play it little bits at a time, beside playing ""The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot"".That's not even ""Bug-FREE"" (360 Guards? -.-)..I can't avoid to compare this game to Dishonored, in which I found a more intense and intriguing story (even if very simple: ""I'm accused of murder? Let's kill everyone!"") and the whole scenario was various and bautiful. Even the story DLCs were pretty awesome.Garret is a great character, it deserves a great story.I hope that EIDOS will work on something better the next time =) (or maybe a DLC!)Anyway, technically it's still a good game, with great potencial.Buy it if you're Garret fan!!"
,Not Recommended,239160,9344607,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Crab Cake,"I really don't like this game. The mechanics are redundant and annoying. There are places where you should be able to climb but you can't. The levels are linear and you can't play them like you want. The dialogs are out of place and bad. The general story line is wierd and you don't really understand what is happening and what has happened before.Overall I do not recommend this game. If you want a stealth game that does everything this game doesn't, play Dishonered"
,Recommended,239160,9278776,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,semPa // 風の谷,"This is a great, stealth oriantated game. It feels like dishonored, yet not like dishonored at all. Definatley would recommend."
,Recommended,239160,9598115,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,mILe,"I enjoyed Thief, didn't love it though. Its puristic stealth gameplay may not be everyone's cup of coffee. No doubt some more variety and depth would make it sparkle (outshined by Dishonored). But in terms of sheer stealth action you'll find something worthwhile here! Btw thumbs up for game-changing custom difficulty settings!!"
,Recommended,239160,30050266,Posted: 19 February,all,Johnny,gud
,Recommended,239160,29103952,Posted: 7 January,all,zLo ☿,me likey very much
,Not Recommended,239160,14372090,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,~Trance~,"Eh, underwhelming and scripted."
,Not Recommended,239160,14390810,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SickB,"It´s fun for the first 4 Chapters.After that, this game gets stupid and unfair.It´s unbelievable what stupid morons the game designers nowadays are.It´s not worth my time to play a stupid level or unfair boss-fight 100 times over and over again.Stop making games you ♥♥♥♥ing idiots!"
76561198049205172,Recommended,239160,19285020,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AkeDan,An entertaining stealth game with an abundance of loading screens and a mediocre story.
76561197988510453,Recommended,239160,19262236,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sheep Lord,"It was just a really fun game.  Very atmospheric and full of fun stealth and acrobatic gameplay, with a full set of combat mechanics if you want to go that route too!  It is certainly not as complex as the older games but it really does live up to the expectations that come with the Thief series."
,Not Recommended,239160,18967374,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,slaw,"Avoid this unless you like bland gaming.. read below for details.Graphics are solid, the stealth mechanics are enforced so you need to be sneaky and cover your tracks.Sound has glitches, you either hear or don't or you hear things much further away from you where you should be hearing things much closer.. odd.Gameplay is blah. This is a very linear game with a bland storyline. The focus of improving the character and even buying all of the fancy gear is completely mute. You can run the entire game without buying or improving anything for the character. Then there are the general complaints with this, why are there dozens of 'squeeze through' cracks in the city? Why does every one of those have a fallen timber that I must mash to push over? Why does Garret constantly search every window sill for the bottom to place his crowbar? Are the enemies so absolutely blind that they can't see someone 2 or 3 feet in front of them who is on the ground?  The character can't fall off anything he is on the edge of, it requires you to force him to jump, if he will even try.. so there's a lot of hand holding here.  Then there is all of the markers for goal locations, you literally can't mess this up, just run towards the marker, get there first, before anything pursuing you if you like to game it that way, and your scott free, no consequences.  It's just laughable how much you can do that as well."
76561198046703485,Recommended,239160,9267212,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dillbo,If you're truely a thief fan this game should satisfy you.  Sure it's not exactly the same as the other three but all those were differen't too.  Garrett's still Garrett.
76561198007313220,Recommended,239160,14940358,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,caroraim,"Decent...yes I played the originals and they were different but those being well over a decade old that makes sense to me. I would have liked more third person like DS, but the heaps of negativity this has gotten seems unwarranted. I'll also give the devs credit for 7 patches. Overall enjoyable with some great stealth moments and solid atmosphere."
76561197989892086,Not Recommended,239160,14803964,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,rafezetter88,"Hmm...  Having played all of the thief series and being a ""stealth gameplay afficionado""; I have to confirm this isn't anywhere near up to the standard of the first two, and is still worse than #3.  Puzzle elements that don't belong; forced linear gamepaths and a bewildering plot mean that this title is not deserving of the name - infact the game Dishonored more closely follows the spirit of the original two Thief titles than this version.I've spent 52 hours playing it - and I feel no desire to go back and get the missing items from the ""collectibles sets"".  The Original game and it's sequel both made you want to go back and try different possibilities and the term ""ghosting"" came from players who successfully completed game chapters without being seen, stealing all the loot and with no knockouts 15 years before this game had those gameplay variations.It's also got some serious problems with savegames ""load last save"" can be a lottery between your last save and one from days ago - leaving you to fumble around trying to find the closest one to where you were - even when the game autosaves at a checkpoint, for some bizarre reason it does not class this as ""your last save"" - I ended up doing one major section a battle between you and the TTG (who really reminds me of the bad guy from the film kings of new york) SEVEN TIMES - because of this I got so fed up in the end I just walked in and nailed him without trying to be ""stealthy thief like"" at all.Rope arrows....... why, oh why, oh why?  In the other games you could fire a rope arrow into anything wood and it will drop a rope to climb ANYWHERE - face of a building, sure.  Overhead beam, sure - into the inside ceilng of a wood building, yup you got it.  In Thief #4 - you can only use them where the devs want to you.... Even though 50% of the city is made of wood, you can't put them where YOU want to - forcing you to run about the streets looking UP and trying to trace a way in to that glowing window (denoting it's enterable) which many times will end up being one or even two streets away, here to there to here, up there, swing to that rope, then that one and, oh yeah go into that window, go downstairs and out a different one to get to the ledge to go into the window you want; AND, AND just to add insult to insult - half the time it will only drop a short rope, so you STILL have to find a way to get to that short rope, above your head out of reach; when other times it's perfectly fine so you're back to tracing a path again - one might think the rope was self aware with a sadisitic streak that had a mentality of: ""yeah Garret jump, that's it jump for it... oh you can't jump? ...Seriously? No ability to jump up at all? ...hmm ok then run halfway around the map to get to that ledge and you might juuust reach the bottom of the rope...""  yeah it's really like that.  All that instead of letting you fire a rope arrow into the eaves of the building you want and climb into that window... it's a ridiculous and often frustrating timewaster and will mean you'll miss a lot of loot without some extremely thorough (and dull) backtracking and searching - which was the biggest contributor to my 52 hours playtime.All guards reset (as do their moneybags) and keep doing so indefinitely, this I can live with, but why do all the doors windows and everything else lockable reset too?  Annoying, and ruining any semblance of a ""persistant coherent jointed universe""  - you pick a lock to a room that has a dead guy in it - obviously the owner - you move areas come back and ..""wha?"" the doors locked again.  It seems ""The City"" has an OCD keymaster who goes around re-locking all the doors, and re-sealing all the ventilation grates.The consumables vendor - he seems to have some sort of portal machine that lets him get everywhere instanteously, even to places where you only managed to get to after a VERY long ride in lift going down - either that or he's one of a set of a dozen (or more I lost count) clones - I know it's an incidental but at least TRY to make them different eh?I could go on - but I won't.Oh yeah.... the games not actually finished - there's graphical bugs that mean you can't open drawers to get loot from the asylum making completing ""lift all loot"" chapter bonus requirement impossible, the *cough ""finale"" *cough* of a smugglers loot minigame has elements missing meaning that too can't be completed either. There's numerous sites and posts and it's been reported to the devs hundreds of times with no fixes implemented leading me to think they don't give a toss - just give them your money anyway - or not.Oh (and a bossfight can't be completed in a way to get the collectibles he's carrying AND get the ""don't get detected"" chapter requirement at the same time - it's one OR the other - the devs have not designed a way to get both; so you have to re-do that somewhat lengthy chapter again just to get the collectible.Suffice to say - I really enjoyed playing the first two in the series; the third was ... so so except for The Orphange (dun dun dunnn!).. oh my...  I almost get goosebumps thinking about it 10 years later - and not finding all of the golden Skeleton in Thief #1 has sat in the back of my mind as a ""I really must do that one day"". But Thief #4 will sit in my steam library, and Garret in his clocktower with incomplete collectible sets forevermore.I'm mighty glad I picked this up on sale for £7 - if I'd have bought it new for £40 I'd be annoyed.Dishonored here I come (for the THIRD TIME)."
,Recommended,239160,16737326,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Buck Wylder,"I was only expecting a stealth game, and I felt like I was just getting that, up until chapter *cough*, Can't say it otherwise i'll spoil it... but god damn I was NOT expecting horror, up to the degree of hauntings, fear, *Water Monster from Amnesia* style of enemies, and just plain creepy atmosphere, I needed to actually shut the game off during the night because my heart just couldn't take it. D:It's a refreshing feeling of dread that I could only barely get out of something like ALIEN Isolation, and those first-time play-throughs of stuff like Amnesia (unfortunately, after you do, the spawn-spots are fixed and it gets very predictable)...I'd exceptionally recommend this title to anyone in a desire for something that can jar them into both a stealthy combat first person game, and a fear-inducing horror spectacle later on ; ~;9/10, Never wanna just give a game a perfect score, there's always scores of issues in any of them, but it's worth it's price now more then ever!"
76561198083705188,Not Recommended,239160,16445840,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[IFN] AmadeusIsMe [TMod],"This game is just straight up bad. One of my major problems is the whole dark and moody Garret who just sounds like a joke. Also, the city is supposed to ""change"" over time. There are like 4 people in each section. It feels ♥♥♥♥ing dead. I hate this game so much. I played the original thief after playing this game. The original is so much better. The original one is also so tense. I was scared to get caught because I would have to restart the whole level. Please pick up Thief 2, the Golden Age, it is so much better if you don't mind the outdated graphics."
,Recommended,239160,9303882,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TwistedLogic,Bopping people on the bonce - CheckStealing all the shinies - CheckWage war against lit candles - CheckBecome one with the shadows - Working on it
,Not Recommended,239160,18933256,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Voidbjörn,"+ art, graphics and atmosphere are absolutely stunning.+ stealth mechanics are solid.- fighting mechanics are not fun- story is just boring- the level design feels too linear- gameplay overall feels repetitive and dull after a few hours"
76561197961986232,Not Recommended,239160,33281798,Posted: 5 July,all,Blimling,Terribly linear and predictive. Gameplay was a little too simple compared to the previous games.
,Recommended,239160,9273700,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,doN,"its cool , plot is boring and game is difficult what is + of this game"
76561198063417132,Recommended,239160,9276759,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ProzofgamingYoutuber,i guess its ok except for a lot of lag i cant even play it without lag if anyone can help me fix my lag issue that would be nice thanks
,Recommended,239160,9277247,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Lazoris,"Awesome game.  Much better than the originals.  I own them all and this is a great one, living up to what Thief should be."
,Recommended,239160,9277346,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Codex6799,"Good stealth game, but it seems to have problems interfacing through Steam.  I can't seem to view which achievements I have or haven't recieved, and my grafics card doesn't seem to want to recognize it as a game, as a result it can get laggy at times."
,Recommended,239160,9278541,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Realist,"From my bloghttp://turbotactic.com/2014/02/thief4/A very long time, too long a time. 10 years in fact, since I last stalked the night as one of my most favourite game characters of all time.Graphics/PerformanceI read about lots of problems with frame rates and nvidia cards but from the moment I installed the game there was not a skip or hiccup. I immediately turned up the settings to ultra everything and on my humble GTX760 I was averaging between 40 and 60 FPS.The visual style is consistent with previous incarnations of the game. I was actually very pleased they stepped away from the Splinter Cell weirdness of T3.SoundsLet’s face the facts, one of the most important , and enjoyable, parts of the Thief series experience is the audio immersion. The voice acting does the trick but I like really enjoyed the ambient sounds. Crackling fire, the rain on metal and low rumbles as the earth cools in the evening.GameplayJumping was a neat part of the first two games. Outside of context you can no longer jump. Weaponry is limited to bows and silent takedowns, this game is only about stealth. Mantling works as intended now. Sprinting feels like sprinting and focus is kind of slow motion.Stealing now actually feels like stealing. You creep up to corners to peek around. You lean over to open cupboard drawers, pick locks and pickup loot. What’s more interesting is if you use the sneak key, you do it slower and quieter. Lock picking is much like any previous game that has lock picking. I also dig how the characters notice changes to the environment such as opened or closed doors, empty shelves and opened safes.The environment actions of the hands are appropriate, such as moving curtains out of the way. The paintings move as Garrett runs his hands over them looking for hidden switches. His hands hold onto a rope when climbing up or down them. SkywalkingOverallLots of potential, I’ve only finished the first Chapter. Ideally, I would like to do a quick video review as well. We will see if I have the time."
76561198067781880,Not Recommended,239160,9347853,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,N7 Man,"It shows great promise, but ultamitely fails in most aspects of gameplay. I found the hubworld incredibly hard to navigate, as there is no clear way for how to get to many of the objectives, often requiring much time and exploration to find the only way to reach said objective. The game is a rollercoaster in terms of pacing. In one mission your sneaking through a house and then minutes later your exploring massive underground ruins. The game also has random action sequences that feel out of context in a stealth game, and more at home in something like Uncharted. One mission even abandons stealth almost entirely, opting for a tense creepy atmosphere that is reminiscent of a game like Amnesia. The best mission in my opinion was the pre-order bonus bank heist, which was the only mission that I felt truly embodied everything I expected from the game. Overall, it has its bright moments, but just as you feel like your getting immersed, the game snaps you out of it."
,Recommended,239160,9359572,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Saffishie,"I have been playing Thief series since the very first one (Thief the Dark Project).  I consider myself a huge fan and have played and re-played every single installment in the series many times over.  When the reboot was announced, I was very excited but also very cautious, because I wasn't sure of the direction that the series will be taking.  Keeping an eye out for news and bits of information concerning the game's development troubled me.... it seemed that the developers were restructuring the game's essence, turning it into more of an action game.... at least, according to reports.  Then, there were layoffs,  changes in team make-up, lack of in-game footage with only CG graphics in the trailers that were troubling.  Still, despite all the negative news, I knew that I'd be playing the game when it came out, regardless of what reviews or press would say.I am currently > 20 hours into the game, on Chapter 6 of 9, with most side quests completed.  I am, perhaps, a bit slow, but I am going through a completist playthrough, and don't want to miss anything.  I am glad I didn't pay attention to the negative reviews, because this game is, in my opinion, a worthy successor to the Thief name.  The game *needs* to be played as a stealth game in order to get the most out of it.  Anyone who plays the game as a straight-up action game is going to have a bad time.  Garrett is not built or meant for direct confrontation.  The game, especially if you're going for a Ghost-style playthrough, or don't want to kill or harm anyone, can and will test your patience.  But to me, that is where the challenge lies.... figuring out how to get from one point to another without attracting attention, how to distract enemies and pocket that piece of loot that they're next to without being detected.  Shadows are your allies.... light is your enemy.When I say that this is NOT an action game, it doesn't mean, however, that Garrett cannot successfully fight anyone and win.  He can; but his greatest strength lies in subtefuge, in ambushing the unwary, in sneaking up on an unsuspecting enemy and knocking them out before they can raise alarm (or silencing them more permanently with a headshot, if you're more of an assassin that thief-type player).  The AI, which some published reviews referred to as dumb and easy to fool, I found to be responsive and attentive.  They pay close attention to footsteps, visuals (of course), disturbances in the environment (such as open doors, or extinguished lights), and there are many situations when a fair amount of intricate maneuvring is needed to bypass them.The central hub of the game, The City, is a huge area that the player can explore at their leisure in-between story missions.  There are *numerous* places to break into, things to loot, collectables to discover (and then display in Garrett's hideout).  The game takes place at night, so of course there aren't many people outside, but traveling through the city one can oftentimes overhear many conversations through the windows, or from the people still hanging about outside.  These conversations either add ""flavor"" to the atmosphere, or provide valuable clues regarding hidden loot or secrets one can locate in The City.Speaking of atmosphere.....it is superb.  Background noises, mutterings of the guards, hushed whispers of the folks in the streets.... Thief always had amazing atmosphere, and this one is no exception.  Garrett's voice...this took a bit to get used to, as I'm quite used to Stephen Russell and it's just strange not hearing him in a Thief game, but the new voice actor is, to me, quite acceptable, and does a good job of voicing the lead character.It *was* a bit regrettable that the original Thief factions did not make it to the new game.  Yeah, no Pagans, no Hammers....but I knew that in advance, so it wasn't really a surprise to me.  The game's story, although with a bit too much angst and gloom/doom/oppression - ridden, was explained well (by the end, anyway... intitially it was a bit confusing, but it all made sense by the final chapters).  The big ""SUPRPSE!!"" moment was also telegraphed so well (unintentionally, I believe) so that when the big ""OH $%%#!"" moment in the plot came I had already seen it coming from a mile away.  The map, which was alsio criticised often in the published reviews, was.... OK.   Thief games always had maps where the player had to have good memory in order to remember where things are located.  This is especially true in The City, where there are numerous layers and connections and sections, which can only be accessed from certain points.... and none of this is marked on the map.  Just outlines of buildings and layers.  I've had to jot down where the connections are and how to access them, and after that I had no issues with navigating The City.TL;DR : great stealth-based sneaker, worthy successor to the Thief franchise.  Plenty of exploration, lots of things to locate / secrets to find.  A thinking / patient person's game; if you rush and treat this as an action game with head-on combat, you'll end up frustrated because Garrett is NOT meant to be treated as a fighter.  Use stealth to your advantage and plan your moves carefully.  Hopefully.... enjoy as I have :)"
,Recommended,239160,9423376,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,s.pider,"I...do not know how to describe this game.....I am....conflicted. it is a fun game. It really is. But.....To begin with, I have never played the original thief series. I know nothing of the characters, story, or lore up to this point. I only know what this game showed me. It was.. an interesting experience. I feel as though the start was a bit rocky. The game, for being a reboot, expected me to be attached to characters that I had hardly even known their name before trying to make me feel sorry for them...but besides a slightly rushed beginning, the story itself is interesting enough to catch attention.The stealth mechanics are, while not unique, fun. You feel like you're outsmarting the opponents half the time, and when you mess up it feels like it is your own fault....however....There are...moments. The open world stealth mechanic, where there are guards on every corner, and you need to wait a couple of minutes for the patrol to move on make the game play come to a screeching halt.It is...it's like the game is flowing, as you go through stealing items, outsmarting guards, and making it work out. during story quests, the story was driven home by the guards chatter. But...once again the entire open world hub where you go from mission to mission didn't have much to offer in this. No interesting characters talking about anything, nothing to warrant having to go between it or even to explore when there wasn't a mission going on.The collectables were interesting enough, and I have a weakness for finding journal entries in every game so those both added another layer of interest...that being said, this isn't the type of game that I would purchase right of the bat at full price. Even with the challenge mode, it, in my humble opinion, isn't worth a full price purchase. But if you have some disposable income, and are looking for a reasonably fun experience I would purchase this game. If not, wait until its on sale and buy it up, it would be worth it for a bit less....but this is just this Pider's personal opinion."
,Recommended,239160,10005062,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Atomic (Geek.EXE),I recommend this to people who maybe haven't played the original series but also who want some on off enjoyment because with this game you can't spend to long playing it other you will get bored. On the contrary this game does have an amazing atmosphere and some nice places to visit and some memorable characters. So I'd buy it if you were looking for a game that can be played occasionally but its not personally what I was expecting.
,Not Recommended,239160,9914924,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Horton,"I don't really recommend this to anyone, unless you just want to follow a storyline, it feels almost too much on rails for my taste but that's just mean, but I loved the graphics and the story, but the replayablity, is terrible."
76561198038566887,Recommended,239160,10495601,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Salrion,"First of all, let me start by saying that I think this game got critisized so unfairly that it's not even funny. Too many people comparing it to the orginal Thief games (which I have not played) and Dishonored. While I haven't played the original Thief games, I've noticed most of the reviews are bashing the game for not being like the originals, in other words, fan boys. And the other spectrum seems to be people comparing it too closely to Dishonored.Let me just say this, it is -not- Dishonored. Not by any means. Yes, it has the first person stealth aspect, but to me personally, it plays completely different. Unlike in Dishonored, Thief almost requires you to rely soley on stealth, and as the name implies, steal as much as you can. That being said, there is almost no combat whatsoever aside from stealth knockouts so you can slip by guards. This is another reason I feel the game was unfairly rated, because it doesn't have all the combat sequences that most AAA titles today are loaded with.This game requires -patience-. You can't simply bumrush your way through, expecting to cut everyone down in your path. You have to plan your approach, study guard patrols, and decide when and if you should slip by in that particular direction, or find another way around. For any true stealth fan out there, you will absolutely love this game.Now, as for another one of my points about people comparing it to other games. Dont do that. I can almost guarentee you, that if you go into it expecting it to be something it's not, you will hate it. You have to appreciate the game for what it is, and not try to compare it or make it seem like another. And it is a wonderful first person stealth game.Again, the object of the game is almost purely stealth. You're a thief, not an assassin, you're not supposed to run around killing everything you see. Doesn't mean you cant, but you're not going to have a good time as the guards are very tough and the combat it does have was clearly not designed to be used in open conflict.Pros:-Good stealth mechanics-True stealth game, no cutting down every guy you see-Great graphics-Good story, nothing groundbreaking though-Steam achievements-Replayability-Customizable dificultyCons:-Forgetful and flat side characters-Occasional graphics stuttering, especially in lit up areas-Game map can be dificult to interperet-The city doesn't feel all that alive.-Music leaves much to be desiredAll in all, I give this game an 8.5/10. If you enjoy stealth games you will love this one and not want to miss it."
,Not Recommended,239160,10944838,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wumbo,Thief as itself is a fairly okay game but with it's name comes a standard that this game fails to reach. Garrett is no longer the sarcastic witty thief we came to love. This is just another game developers slapped a nostalgia inducing title onto a game that fails to live up to ist's predecessors.
76561198058903157,Not Recommended,239160,10990994,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DarkJungleApe,I have tried every fix that has been given to fix the blcak screen at the start of game and it will not fix.  I haven't been able to play the game at all.  Huge waste of money until they can fix this stupid issue.  Sounds like a lot of other people are having the same problem
,Not Recommended,239160,11007367,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Melon,"While this game may have a beautiful environment with cutting-edge graphics, the gameplay falls short of what was expected.  I, unlike many of those who have not recommended this game, have not played any of the original Thief games.  Regardless, the levels are very linear (utilizing a checkpoint-esque system) and the game in general is extremely buggy.6/10"
76561197975023235,Recommended,239160,9275644,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,partechie,"Story line truly isn't the easiest to follow however game play reminds me a little of old school THIEF.The only true issue is that it is a console port, however it is very well done.Not truly liking the use of the rope arrow, and not having a knock out gas and moss arrow kind of sucks. (The existing gas one just disables them for a few seconds to allow you to run by or knock them out).AI seems to be OK, and I have heard some haters talk about it being stupid to have to play on a more difficult setting to get smart AI, well, that's the nature of console games (and most PC games now a days), who cares if you have to select HARD instead of EASY??I do miss the original Garrett voice though. Nothing would complete the immersion more!The honest down and dirty?Resolution 5760x1080, awesome eye candy, spectacular play, if you like the original THIEF, then this is for you.If you are more of a Splinter Cell person, then this isn't for you, no run-n-gun here."
,Recommended,239160,9337964,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Black Ranger,An hour into the game and I finally finished the introduction.10/10 Would lag again
76561197969466441,Recommended,239160,9641162,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,thehermit2,"The short version: hold off until the price drops and they do some bug fixing, then yes, buy it. Manually save often.I'm a huge fan of the original Thief series, especially Thief 2 the Metal Age, so I was really looking forward to the new Thief game and at the same time dreading it a bit because of the large span of time since Thief 3 Deadly Shadows and the sluggish, overbuilt quality of the same. So first off, the new Thief game is not the modern version of Thief 2 that most of the older fans have been hoping for. It is not a bad game; the controls take a bit of getting used to and the player interaction animations bog the gameplay down, but once you get used to these the game is pretty playable. It is beautiful and atmospheric, with great lighting and an excellent musical score. It is also tragically broken, and was obviously not ready to be released yet. The biggest problem is the save game system, and I want to state right up front that you should manually save your game often. I just lost three days of game play because I tried to restart a mission midway through and the game erased all my save game data except a manual save I had done earlier, and if I hadn't done that I would be starting over all the way from the beginning. The background conversation system is also a mess. In one waterfront area a couple of guards glitched out and had the same bawdy exchange about a prosititute over and over and over again until I finally moved to a different map; and when I came back, they continued to glitch out and repeat the same tired dialogue. Once these issues are fixed, I think this will be a pretty decent game; again, not the modern Thief 2 remake I was hoping for, but hopefully another chapter in the story that keeps the saga alive a little longer."
,Recommended,239160,10681224,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thanatos,Awesome gameplay. Too bad the map doesn't update after finding a location.
,Not Recommended,239160,10708488,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fleff,No. Just no.
76561198060937208,Recommended,239160,10521667,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,SauceySauce,i throughly enjoyed the game despite the bugs and the glitchy audio. would recommend to any hardcore thief fan
76561197985116512,Not Recommended,239160,10913956,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,.rain,"Bad plot, bad level design, boring enemies, boring game play, ugly textures. It has decent atmosphere, but the horrible NPC writing makes it bittersweet at best.I'd value it at about $2.50. Other games are likely a better use of your time."
76561197976403331,Not Recommended,239160,10960905,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rusted,"This could have been a great game - I absolutely loved the first three Thief games. Unfortunately, technical difficulties plague this game and it is unplayable. For me, it was not worth it."
,Recommended,239160,11758867,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,commanderryalis,"Okay as someone who loved Thief 1 & 2 AND who has spent 88 hours playing Thief (seriously check my profile) let me give my take:1. While the game has great graphics the game engine can be annoying at times e.g. not being able to jump unless the game let's you.2.There are plenty of sound propagation issues where you either can barely here the dialog and are right next to its source or a sound in the distance is to friggin loud, (I know this was supposedly fixed in the first patch then borked again in the second.) Or an NPC will start the same dialog over before he's even finished speaking.3.The story, well yeah it sort of makes sense but is overall pretty week.3. Superfluous nudity and f-bombs: it seems that the developers thought they had to earn that M rating.4. A.i. kind of sucks5. Chapters are on rails, feels to much like a FPS.6. Also Garett now thinks he's batman, lives above the rooftops swoops down on a wire with his cape billowing, also part Spiderman during 3rd person climbing sequences.Overall  there are parts I really liked, like being able to explore the city and get to know some of its inhabitance. I found that it was much more fun turning off focus and the other UI helpers. The humor is really good in some parts. But I'm glad I waited until it was on sale before I bought it."
76561197988489153,Recommended,239160,9286913,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,D.o.G.,"My early impression was not all that great but my interest is growing with each chapter. I saw a review by PC Gamer giving it a ""79"" and that seems like a fair assessment. Meta-critic's ""69"" score seems low end. It's not a bad game but for some it's probably boring. Personally I like stealth and some low-key stuff  so I'm ok with that. There is some un-needed repetition, some early bugginess and some ""frames per second"" issues but so far none has made the game frustrating. If you like stealth then I'd say it's worth considering. If you like shoot-em-ups then you'll want to look elsewhere."
76561198036128870,Recommended,239160,10879341,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Klempo,"I realize that fans of the Thief franchise have issues with this game and I accept that they see something I don't. However, since this is my first Thief game ever, I have to say that I've so far had a lot of fun with it. I loved Dishonored and got almost all the DLCs and when I was done with it I wanted to play some more of the similar stuff. Then Thief came and it filled the void.The graphics are absolutely awesome, I find myself stopping from time to time just to look at the scenery, but I also like how the game plays. The controls are logical and good, the atmosphere is nice and I just like the game so far. I'm not one of those people who wants to rush through the game in as few hours as possible. I'm just about half way through after about 20 hours and I'm glad there's still a long way to go. Then I hope there will be some good DLCs to lengthen the time spent with this game!"
,Not Recommended,239160,10925739,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,COMET,"This game was a total letdown.It's a very linear, non-open, clunky game. It's not very much like the old Thief titles, either. The responses are slow, the movements are slow, and combat is bad.You could get a better stealth/combat experience with Skyrim alone."
,Recommended,239160,9598475,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,alsaer,"I have been playing Thief for a while now and I can say that most of those bad reviews here on Steam and Metacritic are not true. I am thoroughly enjoying the game and I am addicted to it. The game is rarely ever glitchy, and movements are usually fluid. The game is mostly non-linear, however the main missions and side missions are somewhat linear, but not so much that you can't play in your own way.The dificulty is very customizable and there quite a few options you can change to have the game play how you like. There is the classic easy, medium, and hard modes, but there is the custom mode that allows you to disable many things for an even harder experience. There are settings that allow you to remove the 'focus' feature, fail the mission if you are discovered, to even deleting the save data if you lose and make start all over again.There is no jump, instead it is replaced by a swoop feature that allows you to move quickly and quietly across shadows and covers. The swoop is very useful, however it is still balanced, because you have an invisible stamina gauge. Having no jump is fine in my opinion, because you can still climb so many obstacles and things you would want to jump.The map tends to be very hard to navigate and can sometimes be very frustrating to reach places that you do not know how to reach. The map doesn't have too much information, but the objective markers are very useful, although I have them disabled for an added challenge.The story isn't too interesting or intruiging, but I am still enjoying it. The main missions tend to have more experiences than the side missions which make you want to play them more. However, if you only play the main missions, it will feel like a short game, because there are less than ten chapters. So I would recommend that you lay all the side missions as well.This is the first time I play a Thief game so I cannot compare it to the previous Thief games, however I do enjoy it. I would definitely recommend it if you enjoy casual stealth games, or even hardcore stealth games, since the game has many difficulty options."
,Not Recommended,239160,11961726,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Opie Winston,"Totally would not recommend this game.I bought it on sale like 15 bucks and guess what,i cant even play this game once.It crashes on the loading screen after clicking 'play' . I didn't count this as a problem so i decided to get some advice from community.I opened topic 2 times and no replies on both.Still none of the patches fixed the problem.PS: I tried all the things like update drivers,reinstall x64 bit x32 bit exe's etc."
76561197982601729,Not Recommended,239160,29842053,Posted: 11 February,all,geoffreyding,"Rushed, buggy, generic gameplay and with none of the humorous charm of the previous Thief games. The game itself is just bland. Almost any other stealth game would be better. One wonders why this is even called ""Thief."""
76561198217847889,Not Recommended,239160,21670260,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,rooskie,Best emo simulation I've ever played.
,Recommended,239160,9265084,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Grand Wizard - David Duke,"I wont lie the audio is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up, the music is way to loud to the point where you almost have to turn it off, the main characters voice is incredibly quiet and that combined with the music is horrible lol. The gameplay is excellent imo but i adore sneaky stealth games like this so i may be a bit biased. Never played the other theives i think this is a really fun game and hopefuly they fix some of the audio/synching errors. The part in the blossom palace (totes forgot name, think thats it) I can't tell you how many times i heard some old guy ask to get spanked, holy hell i am scard for life. One last thing, the combat is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, i'd recommend sticking to stealth takedowns."
,Not Recommended,239160,17559971,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Alfred,+There is always sale going on for this game+You dont have to steal in real life this games developers teach you how to steal by hoaxing you ^^-Boring♥♥♥♥♥story with lots of cliché-I saw that ending miles away-obvious console port ♥♥♥♥♥♥nessNope
,Recommended,239160,15083165,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ThatTomTouch,Amazing stealth game but hard as ♥♥♥♥
76561198039077441,Recommended,239160,14887930,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,guyfromohio,"This game is definitely a 9/10 at least. It's not just a great stealth game, there's rewarding puzzle solving, good storyline, and even some horror (no joke I nearly p!$$ed myself on one level. Overall, great game. If it's on sale, buy it now, but if you have the money just buy it for regular price and get playing!"
,Recommended,239160,19785232,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,zeik,"Never had the chance to play any of the Thief games, this is my first one.Overall, a nice game.Pros:+ Nice graphics which support the general ambience of the game+ Very Good Voice acting.+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Great ambience+ Repetitive gameplay, but what else are you supposed to do? This one, didn't bother me.+ Duration+ You can choose your playstyle in missions, up to a point of course. You are a thief after all.Cons:- Sound volume issues. Sometimes, voices' volumes dont keep step with the distance people actually are.As a result, it feels like someone is talking next to you while he's far away.- The same issue occurs when you have NPCs talking near you. Maybe it's just me, but the sound was very thin and distant without a reason.- Story line is satisfactory, but somehow mediocre. It could be even better.- Simple combat, like dodge-hit-dodge.- Dogs are always alerted like they never sleep. Given that there is already noise (rain, lightnings, thunders) this shouldn't always happen.A good game in general. If i were you, I'd buy it when on sale."
,Not Recommended,239160,14612828,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lokier,WORST GAME EVER
76561198058766606,Not Recommended,239160,14827906,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kentkoopa,"Diagnosis: Bad Game.NegativesThe stealth mechanic in this game is awful, you can walk into a room and nobody will notice you and if they do hide in the closet right in front of them and you'll disappear in thin air.Enemies are weak and dumb. They glitch on corners and sometimes if you look at them too long, luckily you can fix them if you look away and then stare at them again.You can only climb thing the game wants you to climb even though it's the exact same thing you climbed on 5 minutes ago.The story isn't very good, it's not copelling or tragic.PositivesThe fact you can climb on roof tops is cool.Neat picking mechanic.Solution: Don't buy it.  Skyrim does it better better and so does Dishonoured.3/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,16035134,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Oolong Dragon,Dissapointing
,Recommended,239160,35176316,Posted: 24 September,all,Cedjoe,Beautiful game
,Recommended,239160,14457776,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Cat Who Lied,"not alot of people notice the real fun to this game! i got this and i am in lOVE with it!!! It has great graphics even on low (that means alot to people who dont have a good pc)! I love it how the lock picking works and how the gaurds ♥♥♥♥ around! There of course are downers. :c like he ♥♥♥♥ing weapon you have is a billy while the other people have swords!!! i like it how you make the choice, take no one, or everyone! all in all i give this game a 8.5/10"
76561198023949761,Not Recommended,239160,19345061,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,✤Cholerα,"I don't recommend this game m8s, the stoyry isn't good and it isn't exciting like other games like Bioshock infWaste of money xD"
,Recommended,239160,22236186,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Alleycat,"A shorter, more accessible Thief game for the masses (you can see secrets thanks to a magical focus ability), it's a cool 20h ride (sidequests included) with sweet music and lush visuals. Some levels are not as expansive as the ones in the originals but the provocative scenarios like the ♥♥♥♥♥house definetly make up for it. The mechanics are near flawless and could support many more hours of gameplay if they just decided to release a proper DLC!"
,Not Recommended,239160,19434535,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Knoxagon,This game stole my time.. It was also very repetitive. It was also very repetitive. It was also very repetitive...
76561198002432311,Not Recommended,239160,19642252,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BigDizzl,I've only played a few hours but this game is surprisingly boring.
,Not Recommended,239160,28540578,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,admafi,"I only played something over one hour and I'm already completely sick of this game.In the game Garrett says ""This is not the city I used to know"" and he's damn right. Except for the name and the fact that you're a thief named Garrett this has nothing to do with the original thief series.It's typical AAA crap with great graphics but extremly boring gameplay. This game makes me feel like a little child, like what do I need a ♥♥♥♥ing waypoint for. The game even tells me how far I'm away from the next marker. Heck, I can't even jump where I wanna jump and can't use the items where I wanna use them.But at least there are tons of steam achievements for completing basic tasks.It feels like I'm playing a game designed for a disabled five-year-old.And yes, you can disable some of these ""features"" but this game is not designed to be playable without waypoints and markers, means you don't find♥♥♥♥♥♥without them.Besides all the lack of actual gameplay it also lacks the content and story Thief-fans like me were expecting. Like where are the hammerites or the pagans? Where is all the lore and the background the series developed over three games?I probably could enjoy this to some extent if it wasn't called ""Thief"". It feels more like Dishonored to be honest. Maybe I'll give this another try when I'm old and don't know how to use a keyboard anymore."
76561197968855166,Not Recommended,239160,12721935,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Korvuss,So I just finnished the game and saddly it falls short of its predecessors in my humble opinion. There are a few easter eggs in there but all in all they should have done a far better job  of it.
,Not Recommended,239160,35393235,Posted: 1 October,all,Kris,Linear and incredibly boring
,Recommended,239160,9282308,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,phinnaeus,"Tentatively recommending this game because it's very fun but crashes for me extremely often. I'd hold off until it's been patched and maybe save some money, too."
,Recommended,239160,9334241,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,darkisthenight,"I usually play action-adventure games, and I used to have very little patience for stealth.  First person perspective is also a turn-off for me.  But the atmosphere and visuals were enough to intrigue me, and I decided to give Thief a try (also, using a bow and different arrows to change the environment is always fun).  With some patience and after mastering (somewhat) the controls and stealth elements of the game, it is very fun sneaking around and being rewarded for your clever tactics.The first-person perspective surprisingly does not give me as much motion sickness as other FPS games, probably because movements are smoother and less jerky since you can't jump up and down.  At first, it was difficult to find my way around the city, especially when it's broken up between loading screens.  I wish it could have been more seamless, but there must have been technical reasons since the visuals and audio are so rich.  On that note, I love that stepping on different surfaces can generate too much noise (I believe the original Thief had this feature too - just starting to play the first one).  The graphics are also detailed and beautiful.  Exploring the city is more for side missions, so you can take your time with that.For the main story, some maps can be completed in different ways depending on what tools you use.  Sometimes it takes me many tries to figure out how to get past some guards, and it's exciting when they almost detect you, but don't.  I enjoy the monologues Garrett has with himself, and it makes thieving more fun when you find rare collectibles.  So far, the story and music could be better, but I am still having fun being immersed in this twisted world.  I last played during a very creepy mission, and I can't wait to get back and progress through it.  Even though this game is not perfect (there are a few audio issues with ambient dialogue), I still think it's worth a play, especially if you like stealth.  To me, as a new player in the series/genre, it was a fresh change of pace from other action games I have been playing.Edit: I just finished playing the main story, and I had a lot of fun.  I just started a new game because I want to try and find more things to steal and make it a little more of a challenge.  Not looking forward to some parts, though, because I died so many times at those parts. :P  There are many things that could have been better and expanded, but few games manage to get everything perfect.  If audio issues were fixed, I don't see any other flaws detracting from the gameplay.  I loved the atmosphere of creeping around, stealing things, and trying to get through obstacles undetected.  I usually have a hard time playing first person games, but for some reason, I felt like I was Garrett in this game, and my view through his eyes seemed more natural.  It's the little details in this game that I really appreciate and that may go unnoticed by most casual players.  This game forces players to take in their surroundings and analyze them, and I have not had an experience like this in very many other games."
76561197993565945,Recommended,239160,9282756,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mousebread,"First, about my system:Windows 8.1 64 bitDirectx version 11i7-2600K @ 3.40Ghz16GB RAMNvidia GTX 690 4096MB GDDR5 with driver version 334.89 using three monitors in surround for 3840x1024 resolutionVisionTek Racer 480GB SSDRazer Naga six-button MouseLogitech K120 keyboardAbout me:IT professional with knowledge in a wide breadth of technical domains and holds several industry certifications.Graphics options selected:3840x1024 (surround)75 Hz Refresh rateVsync offFullscreen with exclusive fullscreen onVery High textureVery high shadowHigh Dof16x Anisotropic texture filterHigh SSAAThe following items checked: Screenspace reflection, parallax occulsion mapping, FXAA, contact hardening shadows, and TessellationFPS impressions (used fraps to detemine ingame FPS):Over 300FPS on the menu and loading screensBenchmark indicated: 0.0 FPS min, 54FPS average, and 78FPS max.Actual ingame FPS: Ranged from 50FPS to 150FPS depending on the environmentTechnical issues:* Even though the FPS was high, when I reached certain points in the game, I would start to stutter and have visual lag for a few seconds. At first I assumed the game was loading areas and due to it being a port, it was just having normal port issues (although they claim its not a port it sure does act like one).* An hour in, the game started to do the visual lag/stutter issue (it would only last a few seconds if I stopped moving) at random points in the game. It seemed to me there might be a memory leak with how it is acting.* I cannot select anything with my mouse. I have to use the keyboard to select any item in all menus.The game:The game has been fun. I enjoy sneaking around stealing a lot, all while following the story. At times, I want to see what is in the light areas, so I'll quick save, knock out the guards, look around, and be slightly disappointed to not find much, so I just reload my save. I haven't finished the game yet, but it is giving me the impression that it is a short game.My rating:Ignoring the technical issues:  8 / 10with technical issues: 7 / 10"
76561197970996397,Recommended,239160,9333050,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Furwy,"Took me 25 hours to complete including most side jobs. The game is good. Played all games in the series and I can surely say that this game is good.Story. Linear, with a twist in the middle and a kinda blurry ending. A bit chaotic but acceptable. Best parts: chapters 1 to 6.Gameplay. Okay, doing Master +730 points run from the start and actually did run in a couple of difficult situalions. Nice immersion comes with first person animated stealing, though some say they didn't like it - I did. What I did not like is predifined spots for Rope arrows and no jumping. That is u actually can jump, but only in predefined places also.Boss fights. Game has a total of 2 stupid as rock bosses that give more frustration than they should.Atmosphere. Can be worse, can be better. The city lives on with each passing chapter, it changes and you see it, which is good. The problem is it does not see you. Non agressive npcs a mostly prescripted same looking glass eyed robots. As if Garret cares :)Combat. Can't comment on combat. My game ends with a loading screen if someone draws a blade.What makes this game truly interesting and fun is side missions. There is actually alot of humor and carefully hidden optional 'collectable' stuff that makes this game a thief game, you probably dont have to think how to get quest items - its easy and you have a marker if you like. But to get collectables - this is where real fun is.Overall - hard earned 8 / 10. Worth it."
76561198009129586,Not Recommended,239160,29019636,Posted: 4 January,all,Graysun,"I played the first 3 games all within a month of each other and am now on this game, first time playing each game so it's not ""nostalgia"" either.Simply put this game is a step backwards from the original three. If you want to play something more modern, play Dishonored. For the cost of this game, you can buy the first 3 Thief games and have a much more enjoyable time.The game is for consoles. No jumping, single button that does too many actions to a fault (looking at you E button that will cause me hide behind the counter rather than grab the loot on the counter), horrible open world map, obviously hidden load screens that ask you to mash E, doesn't make use of any of the lore from the original 3 games (which is mostly why I bought it). No hammerites, pagans or keepers because the practiced has been banned long ago, which kills all the lore right off the bat.The game has improved AI I would have liked to seen in the original 3 games. The guards react to seeing a door that used to be closed now be open, but even that falters since they seem to be deaf to you walking over anything that isn't glass or broken vases. The sound mechanics in this game is huge let down.There isn't a whole lot of reason to play this game, there are better games for cheaper or games that do it better."
76561198107631280,Not Recommended,239160,11692068,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,rathole,"I had heard this game was linear, but I had no idea how much until I played it.  This might as well be a side scrolling game,  IT BASICALLY IS!!!!"
76561198028088564,Recommended,239160,9269381,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,winnietheshit,"This is a great game. No way does this deserve a 69. It's a solid 75 or 80.The missions are fun. The locations are gloomy. The stealth action is perfect. Guards notice things like items that have been removed and when you've left display cases open, etc.I feel that this is a game optimized for long-term playability. The tweakable difficulty is a plus.The graphics are great."
,Recommended,239160,9277173,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ethaninja,"Thief.The name says it all. You break into places, and slip back out into the night without a trace, but not before stealing everything you can. This game puts you back into the shoes of Master Garrett, after leaving us in the cold dark alleyways of the city for the past 10 years. He returns (albiet with a new throat job, making him sound much younger and less huskier than before) to us to steal again.Now, I know what a lot of you are saying: ""Oh but, in the old Thief games, derp de derp de derrrp"". Well let me just tell you thrice:Numero Uno: ""The graphics omg lolz!"" - The graphics are supposed to be dark and murkey. They always were. You just see the murkeness now due to the rendering engine having a decade of tweaking.Numero Dos: ""Dishonored rip-off!"" - Again, it WILL look very similar to Dishonored with being the fact that they both were stealth games with Steampunk influences.Numero Tres: ""Mirrors Edge rip-off!"" - I will say it so many times: 10 years! Since he left us. A decade has past. You think he sat in a gutter this whole time sucking his thumb after meeting with his very first protege? He will have learned, being a Master Thief and all, on new escape tactics. The ONLY reason they didn't have wall running or anything in the previous games (which they actually sort of did) was due to engine limitations. Only now they have a really good reason for it.Now! I will tell you that there are aspects of this game which I DIDN'T like: for instance having to mash a button to open a window. It screams Batman: Arham series, all over again. The worst part about that game was the monotonous task of having to smash our thumbs or fingers to peices to open a damn grate. Sure, Batman could beat the living crap out of the biggest things, but a vent? No-no-no! You must TRY! I can understand where they were going for the whole ""interact with the world"", but it's not a challange, it's an inconvenience.But the most important thing with this game? Is that I REALLY feel like a Thief. So in my experience, I would call that a job pretty well done.I like that you can feel around behind a painting, looking for that little latch to bring you glory.I like that the guards are still quite intimidating, even though I'm sure in the many years of Garrett's life, he learned some form of combat training for moments like these (yes, you still can't take on an armada of troops, which they kept. Do like).Recommended to diehard Thief fans and those new to the stealth genre."
,Recommended,239160,9275125,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,get back im evil :^),Yes. BUT WHERE IS THE GAME WHEN I PLAY IT. THE GAME DOESN'T SHOW UP WHEN I'M PLAYING IT. ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCH BUGS
76561198088867049,Recommended,239160,9277082,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,mcgeezacks,can't believe this game is getting bad reviews! it's friggin awsome and a nice change of pace even if you are a fan of the thief franchise you should appreciate this update to the awsome classic.
76561198103726256,Recommended,239160,9273509,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Gravyfeind,"Great stealth, Incredible graphics and sound, Interesting story, and overall very fun9/10"
,Recommended,239160,9275371,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,FrankyFastFingers,"In my opinion this game is great. In my Opinion you should ignore all of the thumbs down reveiws.Thief, while not as good as the old ones, was still exceptionally enjoyable. This game does a great job to immerse you into the mind of Garret which I personally thought was a big part to this game. I would highly recommend you to try out the plder ones first though, you may even enjoy them more.--Pros---Does a great job with immersion-Climbing is very fluent-Story is good--Cons---Audio bugs-Shadows are a bit ehh--OTHER THOUGHTS--Overall this game is good, you should get it so you can experience it for yourself"
,Recommended,239160,9275960,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Bojangles The Bear,"I've been playing the game for almost 10hours now, and I can't put it down. It imenses you into the game, and so much to do and loot. A butt load of side missions to do besides the main and the pure rush of excitment of almost getting caught during a big heist just unbeliveable."
76561197994654487,Recommended,239160,9276580,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Saltysugar,"""My Setup,"" While Playing, ""Thief."" - Monitor - Asus 144Hz Nvidia 3d ready, not ""G-sync'ed"" yet - might g-sync it... don't know yet. AMD FX-6350 - 3.9ghz not OC'd - (Over Clocked). 16 GB Ballistix memory (Ram), Windows 7 Basic 64-bit OS - (Don't know what OS means? Then just stop, Any computer stuff). GTX 780Ti 3Gb single card - Not OC'd. H100i CPU cooler on pull not push - Good guess I would like to say. With 5 fans aiming from bottom to top hot air out of the whole computer - (CPU) unit. Processor cooler fans aim straight, better than regular fans that aim outwards, processor cooler fans aim directly in a direction!! Smart asz sorry for that, some people just don;t know.Theif runs awesome with my setup. Just in case if your like me. ""I thought I was screwed when they mentioned Fx 8000""."
76561198028007287,Recommended,239160,9274911,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Duke Dapper,Nicely done Stealth game that really emphasizes not using combat to solve your problems.  Recommend the Ghost run for a truely nice game experience.
,Recommended,239160,9274914,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Rahsei,"I have very much enjoyed the little bit of the game I have played thus far. With no knowledge of the other Thief installments and a penchant for stealth type games it definitely fills a void. Give it a go, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,239160,9275876,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,A Pile of Owls,I just... I can't even... What... Just buy it. Buy this game. Seriously. It's so awesome.Why haven't you bought it yet?♥♥♥♥ing buy it!
,Not Recommended,239160,14811695,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,firestarter_Cx,A big step down from the previous games in the series.Just get dishonored instead.
76561198065958550,Not Recommended,239160,14956214,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Minkus,"I was really excited to play this game, based on the reviews and videos I had seen on it. I, unfortunately couldn't seem to get attached to the game. I played assassin's creed and the motion control didn't meet the bar for me. I like the concept and I think the game is very well-made, but this is a game that is likely going to sit in my Library for a long time."
,Recommended,239160,10467644,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,I am lonely send help,"A very good remake to follow up on the first games. Gameplay feels good, stealth is hard as hell sometimes, and the asylum chapter scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Worth a buy."
,Recommended,239160,9269039,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Cowboy124aa,"All i can say is this a must play game. Gripping, chilling and keeps you coming back for more!"
76561198052351810,Recommended,239160,9271661,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,lonewolfde,"I love the game, but it really needs an instruction manual, a screen shot of the hud icons explaing what they are, a key map showing what every usable key does, and a few directions on how to do some important things like how and wehn to do game saves.but it plays great once you figure it out and I Love it :)"
,Recommended,239160,9279432,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Frewgies,This game stole the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of FPS and my CPU.
,Recommended,239160,9310367,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,"""Not Surprised M*F*ers""",This game is better than the 69/100 that metacritic is giving it.  Don't believe the crap reviews you see.  There has been so much hate for this game that is unjustified.  I would give it a solid 80/100.  I was reluctant to purchase it after reading reviews on the game.  I however am glad that I chose to pick it up anyway and give it a try for myself.
,Recommended,239160,9445413,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Retroblique,"Thief isn't the masterpiece we hoped for but nor is it the disaster the gaming press would have you believe.At every turn the game loves to remind you that you're not playing Thief: The Dark Project, or even Dishonored, what with its compact level design, intrusive transitional load screens, Garrett's inability to jump and mantle anywhere other than where the level designers say he should, the almost completely useless tools and arrows, a laughable upgrade system, etc. On top of all that we have a nonsensical narrative that lead writer Rhianna Pratchett disowned, an over reliance on chapter denouments that have Garrett running away from Michael Baysplosions, and evidence that the QA department were clearly testing another game entirely: guards get stuck on patrol routes, dialogue drowned out by music, sound samples misfiring all over the place, enemies three rooms away sounding like they're standing right next to you, etc.And yet, amidst all this turbulence and chaos, there still lies a satisfying stealth experience. Levels show occasional flashes of inspired design, the use of light and shadows is frequently spectacular, the city itself is a wonderful labyrinth of streets, alleyways, courtyards, rooftops and secret passages, and many of the smaller, more tightly focused client missions outshine some of the larger narrative missions. Play on Master (or an even more challenging custom difficulty mode) with all the HUD elements, loot glint and quest markers turned off and you'll have a more rewarding experience than if you merely stick to all the default settings.The best yardstick I can suggest to judge this game by is Thief: Deadly Shadows. This rebooted Thief is very much in the vein of Ion Storm's approach to the series rather than the Looking Glass-esque game most of us were hoping for. If you can tolerate Deadly Shadows, you can probably tolerate Thief. Just wait for a seasonal sale if you still have your doubts."
,Recommended,239160,9735565,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Aerohead,"A great game, it's a good throwback to the previous Thief games before it, with it's own flair and charm to it.Pros:-Good and fluent controls, responsive and smooth.-Lots of fun to knock out guards, every takedown animation gives a feeling of satisfaction.-Voice acting is not bad (if a little too vulgar at times), and gives a feeling of realism in this fictional world.-The games difficulty is great, by that I mean it's hard, and often you'll find yourself replaying checkpoints often. However, it's difficult, in a fun kind of way. It's not frustrating, at least it wasn't for me.-Tons of throwbacks to the other Thief games (Cameos from Basso, his wife, the Hammerites, Garrett's mechanical eye, and the DLC bank heist is a HUGE throw back to T2 TMA's bank mission).-Guards will often act intelligent (with some exceptions) making them a fun challenge to sneak by again in a fun way.Cons:-Buggy save files, with a massive game breaking bug in particular, will often send you to the chapter start and not to where you saved, the only way to fix this is changing your PC/PS4/PS3/XB1/360 date to 4/8/14 or above (I'm typing this on the 5th but my pc says the 12th because of this).-Guards will often forget about an unconscious body right in front of them and continue on their merry way given enough time and patience.-Sometimes it could seem that guards have superhuman sight and hearing, though this could have been my fault most of the time.-♥♥♥♥ING BIRDS!!!-Weak ♥♥♥ endingThis game, while tons of fun and entertaining, has it's flaws. Some being technical issues, that could be fixed with patches.Overall, I rate Thief a 7.95 out of 10."
76561198070847613,Recommended,239160,10497748,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,.reyy,i just bought this game and i think it is very good for ppl who want a game with a nice story and a calm gameplay without too much action so that you can leen back and enjoy playing
76561197960430089,Recommended,239160,10516944,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,VIVIsectVI,"I figured the reboot would take away all the things I enjoyed about the original Thief games and replace them with annoying mechanics that you see in too many first-person games.  I'm glad I was wrong, because I like this game better than the previous 3.  Lockpicking is fun, hidden items are a neat addition to the game, and sneaking through levels without killing anyone (or being detected) is still the focal point of the game, even though I'm not good enough to play that way.  Even the DLC is fun."
76561198053081934,Recommended,239160,11461153,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,gajones,"Thief showed a lot of promise, but didn't live up to it.They seem to have gotten confused about what type of game they wanted to make. The continual events (Quicktime?) passing between areas, were very detrimental to the enjoyment level. Also the major events at the end of chapters, a frantic run doesn't really fit the stealth game genre.There are some enjoyable moments, and the heart of the game is decent, but just seems like instead of polishing they threw in other elements.6/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,11984377,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"It's on rails, and it FEELS like it's on rails, just hallways of duck around guard, no thinking required, even on master. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,29617021,Posted: 31 January,all,Chivels,"The game was good until the story changed from you being a Thief to a ghost hunter/hero. At that point, the story went downhill HARD! Also, the inclusion of the Wendigo was very unnecessary because it added tedious gameplay that was not fun. Also, why do games about thieves and/or assassins always involve religion?! Assassin's Creed with its religious artifacts, this with the Dawn fanatics or whatever they were called, Skyrim with Sithis and Nocturnal (although I enjoyed those guilds in Skyrim), etctetera. From the mission that took place in the asylum and the first inclusion of the Wendigo, the game went downhill. This game was a waste of money. Its gameplay (combat especially) was horrible, the Wendigo added an element of tedium, the story was garbage, and the ending was one of the worst endings in a game I have ever experienced, and the writing and scripting were God awful! I rate this a 2/10 (the score is only so high because I had fun at the beginning.) ♥♥♥♥ you, developers! ♥♥♥♥ YOU! As you can see, I wasted a lot of time on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, so my opinion is qualified. I played through the whole game, which I wish I never did, because I NEED to complete games once I start them. I should've made an exception for this."
,Recommended,239160,9265235,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,MarcusHalberslam,"It's not perfect, but it's more than the reviews will tell you. Most fun I've had in a game all year. This game has ATMOSPHERE. It's gorgeous and the side quests really add a level of detail to the city and benefit players who like to search around. While there are some quirky game design decisions and some of this games best moments don't happen often enough, the base of it (staying hidden, looking around for places/homes that are lootable, the missions) is solid and gets better over time... 8/10"
76561198085353241,Recommended,239160,9282390,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,sportman5001,"I'm about 10 hours in the game and I love it. Solid gameplay mechanics, awesome difficulty menu. Glad to finally see a stealth game implemented properly."
76561197998893936,Not Recommended,239160,10487387,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,krehator,"When I first discovered that a new Thief was being released I was very hopeful.  I am a long time fan.  Thief had a solid record of improvement which I was confident would continue.Sadly, this new release is quite poor.  The only thing that was improved was the graphics.  The main story is about 6 hours worth of gaming.  That's it!  You can burn through this in one night without trying.The city is a spaghetti mess of corridors which the map fails to represent well.   Points of interest appear to be close but are actually in a different region of the map.  You find yourself prying windows open constantly in order to get around.   Even after mastering the city, you quickly discover it is quite small.  The game consumes 19 GB of space and I'd like to know where it is all going?!?!?  This feels more like a mini-game.The weapon selection is as good as expected.  However, with very little game content you may find that you never use some of it.  I never used the choke arrows, and only used the blast arrows twice throughout the entire story.Anyone who remembers The Cradle in Thief 3 will find the Asylum in this new version to be a poorly executed attempt.  It's almost as if the developers didn't care.  I flew through the mission in 10 minutes and never found any part of it to be scary or impressive.The civilian AI is horrible!  They barely react to you at all.  They just wander around aimlessly and repeat the same thing.  Why even put them in if they have no purpose?So what is good about it?  First, the graphics are very nice.  The atmosphere is very realistic and dirty.  There are some items I find to be unrealistic for the period, but let's not get picky.  Also the combat is fine.  I had no issues with hiding in the shadows and it feels realistic enough.  Controls are adequate and responsive.Overall, when you look at the lack of content, small map size, and weak story line you can come to only one conclusion.  All those unusable doors around the map are obviously there to bleed the community dry with DLC.I am very disappointed with this.  I simply want to ask the devs if they hate Thief?  It sure seems like they wanted to sink this sucker.  As is, I value this game at about $10.What would fix this game?1. Better civilian AI2. Larger world with more missions.3. Random mission generator so there is something to enjoy after the story?4. More accurate map.5. Better range of loot.  How many times can you pick up the same thing before it gets boring?6. This baby might need an editor for community content beceause there is nothing left after you finish the story."
,Not Recommended,239160,10356093,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Faster Than Hesus,This game is too of debt in the passage of and has no interesting plot
,Not Recommended,239160,10545587,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,elocanth,Boring.  Just... boring.  Buy Dishonored instead.
,Recommended,239160,9915388,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Andresteia,"Definitely brings the stealth genre back into the mix, played through 3 times and it still hasn't gotten old, there's the ability to play with whatever playstyle suits you whether it be murdering everyone to loot, being sneaky sneaky or complete stealth. Hours of fun :)"
76561198112376907,Not Recommended,239160,15590374,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Aetherston,"Just played a few minutes of thief... oh gods it's bad... it so bad... It's AAA game, lead you by the nose with map markers, snarky teenage side kick bad.... it's thrilling action jumping across the roof tops bad... it's doesn't know the meaning of subtle bad... it's bloody horrendous!! Did they even look at the first game? Why does EVERYTHING need to be a cutscene? Stop taking the camera away from me!! Showing him pick something up doesn't add to it, taking the camera to show him overly dramatically pick something up TAKES AWAY from the game, I don't care if things just pop into my inventory when I pick them up.Gods damn it, this was a huge mistake and wasn't worth £4, I feel like downloading the original theif again just to cleanse myself."
,Recommended,239160,15232360,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,RomireOnline,"Skulking around, stealing stuff, Knocking people out!Just like a regular theif"
,Recommended,239160,32388919,Posted: 13 June,all,Bullet Time,"""7.5/10""I have bought this game for 6'99€  expecting to get a bad experience as all the people said.- I need to say that ""Thief"" is a game very expensive for 30€ and It is not worth it if you pay that amount of cash.- Never mind what people say, if you pay 7€ for a game of stealth and with strange experience is worth it.When I said a ""strage experience"" It is due to primal stone and all relacionated with it. Also when you go the mental hospital It became is a tense situation, unexpected in this type of games.You need to know that you must like stealth because the game is not like assasin creed, It is prepared to kill few people.It's Sytles are:Depredator: You knock out or kill most enemies in the game.This type is the easier, because you can knock out or kill most guards and enemies in a easy way from darkness.Ghost and Opportunist: You need to go thought without knocking out or killing any guard (harder one)."
76561198119496147,Recommended,239160,23841709,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Sunken Hero,"For anyone curious about getting this game, you need to know this game isn't about mindless slaughter and having a quick escape. It's about slow, methodical movements to remain unseen and also, well, stealing. You're a thief, you steal. You aren't an assassin or some super fighter. Be slow, be precise."
,Not Recommended,239160,23510813,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cxlxrblind,"No....I was anticipating this game before it came out. I really enjoyed the original games. This one just isn't fun. I played it on the hard setting so I could really immerse myself in it, but the AI was pretty dumb. It's just not fun. It looks fun. It should be fun, but it's not. And it kept crashing even with graphics on low, I've never had a game that crashed before. I wanted to like, almost deleted it a few times but kept going. Now it's deleted, in the graveyard, never to played again."
,Not Recommended,239160,28895073,Posted: 1 January,all,Kobalt Blu,i want my money back
76561198058590519,Not Recommended,239160,28782143,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sprinting Doe,"pretty good stealth game. good for kleptomaniacs. its just ""meh"" incarnate."
76561197972186587,Not Recommended,239160,22974092,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cylux,"I really wanted to like Thief, a lot of it is very polished, it looks great, stealth, gadgets all work as you'd hope. Its story and setting however leave a lot to be desired, after completing it I'm still none the wiser as to if it's a sequel or a reboot, and it ultimately suffers from the 8 dreaded words - ""I don't care what happens to these people"". The apathy it inspires is what made me find myself having to force myself to finish the game, which is a crying shame, it could have been so much better."
,Not Recommended,239160,21873632,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Psyduck,:(
,Not Recommended,239160,25810896,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The Hoff 87,"Boring, tasteless characters, don't buy!"
76561198019269989,Not Recommended,239160,25275172,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mavinator5,Meh
,Recommended,239160,9264209,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Konethan,A great game... play it the way YOU want to play it. Quite fun and indepth. An homage to the original game 16 years ago!
,Recommended,239160,9264410,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,EarthSloth,"Very fun, keeps you on your toes... a lot like Dishonored though...8/10"
,Recommended,239160,9401392,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,satsun,"I have not played the original Thief games.I did enjoy Thief 2014. You can play stealthily or you can play more aggressively and they never force you into fighting. I thought that the game played well and the only minor frustration I had occasionally was jumping between platforms or to ropes so I'd recommend quicksaving if you're going to make a risky jump.Don't expect awesome graphics but they definitely are clean-looking and appropriate for the environment. I was able to run the game with maximum details enabled on a GTX 780. It ran very smoothly and I only ever had one lockup when transitioning between areas.Fortunately the audio was decent but the voices all very close regardless of distance because there is no amplitude reduction (voices aren't muffled) based on how many walls are between you and the NPC voice, so it mostly sounds like people are right next to you when they're actually outside of the building you're in. Thief does have proper 7.1 surround, so at least it provides enough output to give you a good idea where sounds are coming from.Took me around 32 hours to complete."
76561197974999426,Not Recommended,239160,11546150,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Black Death,"To keep it short: this game misses EVERYTHING that made the first and second Thief true video game classics. And it is not even nearly close to the level of innovation they offered. The stealth feeling is bad and much less complex than in the old games, the characters are really, really terrible, the gameplay elements don't fit together. For the technical aspects: Yes, the graphics are good. But the SOUND - in a game called Thief! - is so terrible and shockingly buggy for a game with such a budget and reputation. If there was any actual atmosphere in this game, the sound alone could destroy it.I wish the ""modernization"" of this game hadn't been QTEs and cinematic sequences, but rather an improvement in the complexity of sneaking, stealth and the usage of your environment to overcome your enemies.Don't buy it. Not even for 10."
,Not Recommended,239160,10440705,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,zenith,"Travelling get very monotonous after a short while, and the quick events for entering and leaving areas ditto.While I have yet to finish the game (it bored me after a while and I only want to complete it due to being a person who likes to complete games) - the story seems overwrought and off-putting.The graphics are nice and some of the settings are impressive, but the lack of a believable environment ultimately kills the fun for me."
76561198070321492,Not Recommended,239160,10686106,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nawaba,play Dishonored instead.
76561198024874460,Recommended,239160,11863289,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"Horryble. It flopped so bad, and now I know why. From movement over graphics to story, EVERYTHING is bad here."
76561198032044817,Recommended,239160,12574664,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,kenaz8521,"Real men wear... corsets? All kidding aside this is an excellent game that delivers on rebooting the gameplay of the original games, while at the same adding some new tools to Garret's already impressive repetoire. Also, this game is meant to be a jumping on point for new gamers, and it excels. Garret is a master thief and you never once fell like anything less. That being said Garret does have some options in combat, these stand up fights are really the only frustrating part of the game. That isn't meant to be a slight against the game, Garret is a THIEF not an assassin.On another point the game is never lazy, rules will change level to level and the game never handles this in a clumsy manner. You have all the tools you need to circumvent any challenge. My favorite thing about this game is that it never feels too samey. It is almost as if the developers took into account that opening drawer after drawer might get old, but it never felt so because every level had it's own personality. Fun game, great sound, and a decent enemy A.I. make this game a purchase."
,Not Recommended,239160,11971988,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Landsvoort,"I don't recommend this piece of crap to anybody.Turns out this is just a bad copy of the old Thief series.There's a delay in the videos between voice , video and subtitles.Combat?Press V and then?Get yourself stabbed to death?Don't even get me started on the walking , running climbing♥♥♥♥♥♥and the other things and bugs that apparently crowd this game.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME."
76561198007812404,Recommended,239160,30970428,Posted: 5 April,all,Aquarius,"I feel like this game has gotten an unfair reputation as a bad game. Dissappointing, yes, but it is a solid game. Another example of a 'look what we can do with these graphics and engines' game. It feels like a budget copy of  Dishonoured, with the same cyberpunk, gritty feel, however Thief actually at times is a much creepier game, with eerie locations and creepy beings.The story itself, is not exactly memorable, and the forced replay of levels, if you want to get all the collectibles, after you have gathered all the tools, is a clear attempt to try and extended the life of the game.Without a doubt there are better games out there, but in sales it is very reasonable, and would fill a hole if you had nothing else to play"
,Recommended,239160,24118799,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,saito_logan,"Thief (2014) is one of the great hard core stealth games I have ever played. When I used the word hard core stealth, I mean it. If you are a hard core fan, go for the Custom Master difficulty, and you'll see how fun it is. All you need is patience, predicting the enemies' route, and then timing it right.1/ Story: You play as Garrett, the Master Thief who loves stealing and looting from the riches to help yourself and also to donate the money to the poor people. Revolving around the story of how the city has transformed after the Erin's fall, Thief creates a good enough story, though maybe complicated and seemingly strange at times. However, it's a good story that is understandable if the player focuses on it.2/ Gameplay and difficulty: Boy, this is gonna be the focus of this review.Either you are a hard core stealth gamer or a normal one who's not keen on this genre, I recommend playing about 20% of the game to get a feel of how you move, loot, unlock the door, climb and the uses of arrows.If you are a hard core stealth gamer, however, I would strongly recommend playing Custom Master difficulty.The things I like the most about Custom Master is the option of immediate failure if you are spotted, or you are not allowed to use the Focus ability the whole game, or the fact that you are not allowed to use Health , or Poppy Flower, or the mission / the whole game will fail if you take damage; or the fact that you are unable to run fast as in other difficulties. For the latter, the speed you will walk will be the same as when you press Ctrl while walking through the water, let's just say: In Custom Master, you don't even need to press Ctrl anymore, you just go ahead . :) your walking speed is super silent in default. Also, you do not really need the Focus ability, as darkness will reveal every shiny loot to you.However, with all that said : The gameplay for Custom Master still creates some trouble: 1/ Such as in one mission (cutscene) you won't be able to run as fast as you should, and the fact that whooshing movement only lasts three times, that cutscene will challenge all your might to get past it. That's one gameplay spoiler ahead. 2/ Be sure to turn on the Crosshair option, because without it, PC gamers might have a lot of trouble aiming an arrow.Nevertheless, the gameplay is amazing in Custom Master difficulty, because it will test your skills, and your way to economize your items , your arrows to reach the checkpoint and finish the story. You won't have the chance to have more arrows, so stock in what you need, and be a true Master Thief!! No killing, no spotted chance, being a ghost - the true essence of stealth game.3/ Music and graphics: The music and graphics are created nicely and in harmony. I really enjoy it. Especially in the Asylum mission (and in ... the House of Blossom, duh.)In conclusion, I would say Thief is a great game that every stealth gamer or non-stealth gamer should consider getting in their collection. Personally, I would say the game deserves the 8.9/10. A great game for sure."
,Not Recommended,239160,24425071,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,theanalyzer,"Graphics 7/10 maybe not good enough for 2016, but i guess it was something when it was releasedStoryline 5/10 not enough depth - actually got bored and stopped playing in betweenAudio 5/10 (whats with the beeps)"
,Not Recommended,239160,24532261,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,My Summer Spider,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.It runs ok and plays ok, just a plain ol crap game."
76561198025048870,Recommended,239160,9278262,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,iHaVoKK,Good Game! Im only half way threw the game and so far its good!..Idk y this got bad reviews but anyways dont listen to the reviews try it out!
76561198018552613,Recommended,239160,28146179,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,AngelOfMayhem,"If time spent on games means or tells you anything, I have 640 hours on this game (I have several Steam accounts, three of which I bought Thief 4).During this time, I have experienced all the not-so-fun hiccups the game has or have had, since its release day (the worst ones were corrected by the developers). At one time, which was insane, your save files would become corrupt and the game would even crash when you tried to save.There are also (rarely) problems with guards not doing what they should, so you can't ghost some parts or chapters of the game 100%. And some chapters will give so called opportunist points, even if you do everything you can to ""ghost"".Also, one piece of loot and 9 documents are missing from the game, and one of the ingame ""thieving objectives"" can't be done, simply because the developers missed to include it in the game.There are also some irritating problems with overlapping and desynced dialog.The story itself is apparently a mixed bag for some. At first, I disliked the ""emo"" female character Erin (a victim in too many ways), but now I can certainly like some aspects of her and feel bad for what happened to her (I don't want to spoil it). The music is good and the atmosphere and graphics is better in this game than in any other I have played. Ever.You can play the game in three different ways: like a true, careful thief with a stealth approach, use the environment to take alternate paths or as a distraction, and to some extent you can just kill your enemies. But it isn't one of those other games where you are always free to get away with being an assassin.You also get a lot of side missions in the game that are often fun and stimulating and you can play challenge maps to earn a good score on the leaderboard.DLC's include an additional (but bad and boring!) challenge map, three (IMO) helpful booster packs and a must-buy: ""The Bank Heist"". Good to quickly get extra gold, but maybe a little too short to stand on its own as something spectacular other than just one of the ""client jobs"".Overall, I definitely recommend this game. I'm buying it for the third time! (because I'm a nerd who likes to unlock all the achievements again).It seems there are some loud mouthed haters of this game (who can't even accept positive reviews and the fact that a lot of people DO like Thief). So instead of trying to mature and tolerate that people are into different things, they spend their time on spreading hate and lies about the game, and basically telling people they are losers if they like Thief.In any way, I aim to be objective with this review, but I'm a fan of Thief regardless. I'm not a fan of Internet bullies though.My recommendation is to really try the game out and take it for what it is. Don't compare it to anything else. Just enjoy it!I also highly suggest playing this on PC, because the game looks better and the controls work much better too, on PC than on console and with a controller. It's my strict opinion that Thief is and remains a PC game and porting it doesn't do it justice, even if it's good that as many as possible can play it of course.Even if you don't have a PC (or not a good enough PC to meet the requirements), you should get your own copy of this game. And get immersed, spend some time and patience on it, because that's what it takes!Again, I have played this game for so long, but then I also have the world record time for completing the game on the highest difficulty settings. So called Custom Master.You have a lot of room to develop as a gamer with Thief, being able to build up your skills, patience and confidence.Sorry for sounding like a bad salesman. I mostly just hope you make the right decision for yourself and have fun! :)"
,Recommended,239160,9271890,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Syynx,When tried stealing gold from a guard he turned around and stabbed me to death10/10
,Not Recommended,239160,10891898,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dagoth,For all the game was hyped up to be i was very sad to see a game get ruined by another shity sequeal might be worth it for 15 but diffentaly not the 60 i paid for it
,Recommended,239160,26763680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 Arterius,"It's about time to rob some rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!I enjoyed this game, its dark old Londonlike city, ambient atmosphere, scary part and funny moments such as Talking Scull.I found no freezes or buggs which some reviewers have mentioned here. Check your PC configuration first. The game worked smooth and loaded fast. I took dozens of decent screenshots.I felt some repetitiveness but it was compensated with a variety of ways to complete each stage.The ending is really a bit complicated. Nevertheless, you can always google for extra explanation from more vigilant players, right?"
,Recommended,239160,26018152,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nifaro,"Seeing this franchise has an old fanbase I will disclaim I have not played any of the old Thief games.Now that the formalities are out of the way (since fans can be a bit fanatical) I want to declare this game one of my favorites of all time.Yes, I think this game is amazing. The art style, the soundtrack, the game mechanics, even the story.Okay I will admit the story has it's flaws, not to mention the confusing ending. But nevertheless I enjoyed playing through this game several times, trying out all te game has to offer, using all the challenges and limitations the game offers in its game mods to make it more dificult.And I really don't care about the people who say that the game is too easy even with all the mods on. It's hard enough. It will get very frustrating if it's any harder. Besides, its not meant to be Dark Souls. And ohh yes, I know people who find Dark Souls ""too easy"" and ""newbs lulz game"". Whatever.It was the first ""stealthy""-based type game I ever played, which I later followed with others like Dishonored, Styx, Hitman etc. and I still like this one most of all because ... I don't know. Thats one of the things when I know a game is good - when you don't know exactly why you love it.The feeling I get when im in this game is very unique. The general gloomy atmosphere, dark aestethic, the mysterious 18th sentury London world, it ties perfectly together.And let me just say that the AIs in all of the games are pretty much the same - not great. It's NOT just Thief. I've done and seen others do things in this and other games that they should not be able to, and the AI not do the things they should. That does not make a game bad, even when the game relies on player-AI interaction like stealth games do. It is a very dificult thing to code. In fact it is the hardest thing. Even high level programmers and engineers struggle with this so don't expect a highly advanced and individually personafied sophisticated NPCs each with it's own moral and philosofical views and ideas bordering on with human intelligence. I mean come on ...I do not own the DLC, and from what I hear it's best if you get them on sale.I really hope they make a sequel after this franchise reboot. The game had some issues at launch, but you can safely ignore reviews from back then. Now I have no problems running the game, and there are a lot of steam sales you can grab the game on. It is definitely worth it!"
76561198021607488,Not Recommended,239160,26445360,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Colin,"I really tried to like this game, especially as a Thief fan, but the game is just too annoying."
,Not Recommended,239160,26499608,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Flynn,Awful controls.  Coundn't figure out how to operate a wheel in an underground area.  After several frustrating attempsts I just gave up.  The game wasn't engaging enough to bother trying to find a solution.
,Not Recommended,239160,15589201,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ForgetfulHitman,"Is it possible there's a game worse than Aliens: Colonial Marines???Yes, there is, and it's this game!!!!"
,Recommended,239160,11965295,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Sneaksie(RUS),"I've played previous games countless times and while this one differs from them considerably for obvious reasons, it is a good game, I recommend it.I've played it in Stereo 3D on LG 3D TV with polarized glasses, very immersive!"
76561198023310005,Not Recommended,239160,15630952,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dead House Cat,"I would spend your money on dishonored. Same mechanics, but you can do a lot more in the way of powers and creativity in the level. Thief seemed bland and scripted when going though a level"
,Not Recommended,239160,17330074,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dumb Guy,"Big disappointment...Got very boring, very quickly."
,Not Recommended,239160,20900144,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Doctor Doom,Press 'E' simulator
,Not Recommended,239160,20165669,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,Play it once. Abandoned it after that
,Recommended,239160,9271483,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Max,"I preordered quite a while ago as I have been following this game since it was revealed as Thi4f (Thief 4) many years ago. Myself like others were quite skeptical of this game following the game play videos released. After playing the first mission, I am pleasantly surprised - especially after seeing some of the recent reviews on Metacritic/IGN and the likes – the thing is, I really don’t think they have been playing it correctly.Now, there are a few things to do if you want to enjoy this game. First - turn off focus. Play on master difficulty or custom difficulty, and turn off pretty much everything you think will break your immersion. The light crystal isn't necessary as you can tell when you are in the light or not - I mean seriously..Same goes for guard alerts. When they see you - do you REALLY need lightning spiking around their heads? No, if they see you, you'll know - we aren't stupid. Jeeze these modern gaming trends do get on my nerves. The point of this game is to be as immersed in it as possible.With these things set you are guaranteed to have an enjoyable experience. This is a first-person only Thief title unlike the previous installment (Thief Deadly Shadows) - which had the option for either or.So this is a reboot - Garret doesn't have his mechanical eye (at least not yet - maybe that happens eventually) and the city is well ... kind of like it was in previous games. Guards are still overly violent and rude. There is some kind of disease they keep talking about called the gloom – which really reminds me of Dishonored.As for the gameplay – with everything set like I said above (thank god they put these options in). This can be one of the most heart beating experiences in gaming you can have.Lurking in the shadows trying to frantically pick a lock in time before the guard does his sweep near you.You WILL get caught, you CAN get away. And you can retry.The feeling you get when you successfully strip a house clean of all its valuables without anyone even realizing (even though you are right there) is just an experience that you will not find in any other games except … well, the previous Thief games. And maybe Dishonored. But all HUDS and crap really got in my way. With stealth games – you want it to be as minimalist as possible. All you want is Garret.As for what I’ve seen, it is quite linear, this is a narrow corridor city you will be making your way through. Yet, I still felt like I had options. I could still go off and explore, take the rooftops, sneak past guards and pick the lock of the front door before anyone noticed. This is where Thief shines.Now for some negatives. I am going to ignore focus mode and everything of the likes as I have already stated my opinions on it.The loading. For a 2014 game, it isn’t very impressive when every section of the city is barred off with a load screen. This is how it was in Deadly Shadows as well. But well... I guess I expected more. Thankfully these aren’t very long.And the thing that really irks me; is the quick time events. Spamming ‘E’ to open a frekin window. NO THANKS. THAT’S NOT A GOOD IDEA. Just open the Window for us, spamming ‘E’ really doesn’t make anything better. This is something I really think should be removed in a later patch.The cinematics are OK. But gosh darn it the ones that aren’t rendered in game are very chopping and often the sound falls out of sync. Again, this will be fixed in a patch.I am very early in the game, but based on my first impression. I am happy with my purchase. I will update this review as I progress.."
,Recommended,239160,9575689,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,i'd smash,Very fabulus. Great gameplay. Story was meh.8/10
76561197998017293,Not Recommended,239160,10367995,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Wep0n,"Relatively disappointing, and not worthy successor to the original.not only the story, but also the stealth system is exploitable after you learned how simple the AI is.you might still have fun playing this game, but compared to the original or dishonored it is rather weak.the options they gave you at the beginning are quite nice, the sounddesign and music is very well made,but you are not allowed to jump, and you can only do actions other than running at pre defined places.even the buttons to do these ""special actions"" are all over the place and you might overlook some key places simply because you did not hit the proper ""interact"" button.To top it off, the storyline is completly horrendous and bland, and your female companion made me cringe everytime she said something. Hammerites and Pagans are gone, which is really disappointing.I really expected more from this studio, after what i have seen how they revived the deus ex franchise in a magnificent way.the development team in thief was a different one, and it was struggling to begin with. ""bringing this game to a wider audience"" obviously always means to dumb it down for consoles, and make the story appeal to a younger audience."
76561198032047833,Recommended,239160,9282137,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nam,"This game is great, just play it on master and you are good to go, best stealth fun I have had in a long time and I while I really enjoyed splinter cell this game feels a bit more stealthy, there are a few minor gripes mentioned in various reviews I hope will get patched out but generally speaking if you like stealth this is great, if you like stealth but also enjoy killing stuff this is probably not a game to get, you can do it but the game loses a lot in that aspect, but it made clear in the prologue that Garret doesn't like killing people."
,Recommended,239160,29976075,Posted: 16 February,all,Howdy,"Good stealth game, and an alright story with great mechanics. Definitly reccomend."
76561197979928405,Recommended,239160,12894288,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JINAK,While its nothing like the original it is fun to play. I wouldnt pay more than 20 for it though. I was hoping it would be a bit longer but if you can get it for less than 20 try it.No replayability.. then again i have never seen a game that actually has that.
76561197997868367,Not Recommended,239160,23184913,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,g5,"Waste of time, and money. It is shown as different game but in fact is not playable in stealth mode... Combat mechanic has no dynamic. Loads of bugs especially with hidden doors - that when activated turn themselves without player...WTF.I would call it more a open beta...such a shame. Great title, nothing more."
,Not Recommended,239160,32160198,Posted: 3 June,all,DuckHunter,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is only one reason: You can't even jump!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239160,9263451,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Rhys,"Haven't played much of this game, but what I have played hasn't been the greatest. The movement is horrid, you have no choices of where to jump, or really where to move at all. And, when you do have the chance to do a movement that is not linier, it is slow and methodical making the game seem very slow-paced and it isn't smooth gameplay at all, very stop-and-go. While I feel like the game was designed to do this, to make you play slowly and think, it has been done in such a way that it hinders the creativity and options in the game so that it feels very liner.Insted of feeling sneaky, I feel like I'm just making my way from one controlled area to the next, forcing me to play how the game designer wants me to, and not allowing any personal imput from the player into the system.The movement is the main issue I have, but there are many more that go along with it. Overall I am dissapointed with my first experiance with this game, I so far do not think it is worth the money"
,Not Recommended,239160,11953283,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,bird future,this game is garbage
76561198089219225,Recommended,239160,9264205,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xklusiv,"this game was very detailed and fun to play. if you like sneaking around and getting into trouble, this is the game for you!"
76561198068483473,Recommended,239160,9265349,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ririsu,pretty much the perfect stealth game.
76561197972913813,Recommended,239160,9412521,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Bladewolf,"Many can say that developers are too lazy to make good games nowadays, they would rather do something mediocre and uninspiring because its far easy thing to do. Or maybe try to relieve old days by making game about very old franchise but very popular which gamers hold very close to their hearts. Well Thief has become another of those franchises.Being in development for who knows how long Thief(2014) is a reboot of original series developed by Eidos Montreal, company which made successful Deus Ex: Human Revolution. It's a 4th game in the series where you play as Garrett, the Master Thief who roams the city called ""The City"" which looks like a combination of steampunk and Victorian setting. But after 3rd game Deadly Shadows it can be clearly seen Garrett hasn't been around for a long time, but still knows how to steal and move around. The main problem in the game comes right at your face, the plot. No wonder everybody hates it and don't understand it because it's a mess. It's like writers gave up on the halfway of developing it. It's not entirely bad, but you just can't get a grip of it. From the beginning you are accompanied by Garrett protégé Erin who likes to kill people and be much faster than being stealthy and calm like Garrett that's why she immediately dies at the start of the game and Garrett blames himself for that, and vows to avenge her and find out what really happened. And by ""What happened"" you will be scratching your head a lot during this game, cause there are no solid explanation to that. Some people of The City say there is a plague, and everybody is sick, some say it's a gloom, or magic or whatever. There is no crystal clear explanation what's going on. And most importantly never during whole game you ever get a flashback or reminder of what happened in previous 3 games. There is no Order, where Garrett used to be or anything of that. All you know is that ""The City"" is controlled by Baron, and you have to stop him no matter what. Granted Garrett never was a hero, more like anti-hero he still does what he does best. Stealing stuff. And boy you will steal a lot in this game.The gameplay is exactly the same like any other Stealth game. You must be stealthy to collect loot of any sort, be unnoticed and leave the area without alerts. Of course you can takedown guards to make your life easier, but maybe you would prefer a challenge, so leaving guards alone and just try to adapt to your surroundings so you can figure out where to go, what to steal etc. Garrett can pick locks, shoot from his bow with different type of arrows, and disable traps if they happen to be some. In times you also will have to solve puzzles to open some secret areas. You also can use this new ability called ""Focus"" which enhances your ability of stealing and pick locking or any other. There is also upgrade system but not like earning XP points. Oh no there is no XP points because fans were so against it, developers had to drop it and instead just put very big prices on most of upgrades so it would be feel a bit fair. Many say that levels are too linear, when actually it's their fault for not looking around that much, nowadays gamers prefer when everything is presented to them on golden plate. You have to look around and figure out best route for your actions. You can disable lights with buttons or put out fire on torches with water arrows, and finally you can use rope arrows to get into other areas which are very far from you. But you can't just attach rope arrow to any surface. It has to be this branch which was designed specifically for that purpose. And finally combat system is so messed up you would rather stay away from it. Garrett used to have a sword in all of his games, but not in this one. You are limited to your blackjack to knock out people, or you use your bow with lethal arrows or any other arrows at your disposal. It feels like they were trying to make you no scope people from very short distance. Apart from completing Story, you can take on client jobs, or little side missions to make yourself a bit wealthier. Obviously enough Client Jobs give you much more gold than side missions but still every single one of them is a good challenge, to fill your pockets with gold so you can either buy a tool, an upgrade, or ammunition. You can find ammunition in times during your story progression but obviously it's easy just to buy it.The graphics is top notch. There is no denying we are going forward with next gen consoles already out. The city looks very nice and whole design of it is amazing. The only problem with this city is the way to roam in it. There are many problems with it like trying to get from point A to point B. You can actually get lost there, but thankfully there is a mini map and big map to guide you. But that's not all. This hub world you thought you could roam free and without any problems, wrong. You are limited to 'areas' of this city to roam. First you need to find the right window of right building to get into then you will get into other section, or you have to find right entrance where you have to squeeze through. And most importantly its followed by loading screens. You will see loading screen a lot in this game, but thankfully not much like Sonic 06.The soundtrack is ok, there is nothing much for it. The only notable tracks are the ones where you are either being chased by guards, the one when guards are looking for you or tracks which play in some action sequences. There is nothing to talk about.The voice acting is done alright. It is not phenomenal or anything. Another thing that bothered many fans was the fact that Garrett original voice actor Stephen Russell, won't return to voice him and would be replaced by other unqualified actor. And to tell the truth, his job wasn't that badly done. But this is being said by man who never played original trilogy, so I have no idea what people expected from 4th game. The problem also is not the voice acting but rather the characters they voice. There are not that much characters to look for. From Garrett himself to The Baron, or that girl of his which dies at the beginning or even that friend of Garrett Basso which gives you some jobs to do. There is just no good character to relate to, but acting is done alright. The guards from city on the other hand are just awful and despicable. Not only they swear from now and then which is very out of place here, they constantly use same dialog every single minute in every single location. It just drives people crazy. How low and uninspired you must be to give same dialog option or even no dialog to guards is just beyond my understanding.There is also a challenge room where you can play on 2 maps or 3 if you buy one to test your skills by collecting all loot you can find, and also you can set your own difficulty level. From original 3 settings you can just put very unrealistic difficulty and try your luck in there.In the end, like it was said earlier Thief(2014) is a mess. There are some good things about it, but there are many bad things as well. And it's really horrifying how creators of successful Deus Ex 3 can make such mess. And of course 60$, it's not worth it. Better wait for price drop. It's not a bad game but neither it's a good one. Hope is they will learn from their mistakes and make a better one. 7/10."
,Not Recommended,239160,26594010,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Havora,Linear? checkNot true to its original? checkBoring after 0.2 hrs? checkOutcome : Buy Dishonored
,Not Recommended,239160,10466373,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Nulushio,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239160,33866453,Posted: 28 July,all,El Spunko,Basically Dishonored if Dishonored was♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197981141657,Recommended,239160,9263985,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Bolty,"Very underrated game, if you love stealth games or love Dishonored etc this game is a must buy. The only complaints i'd have about this game is that the cutscenes are a bit dated and the voice acting is very average. Other than those 2 complaints, it's exactly what you'd want from a stealth based game."
,Recommended,239160,9275409,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"One of the best stealth game ever. ♥♥♥♥ the metascore. If you like stealth and gold, this is the game for you."
76561198021010809,Recommended,239160,9263860,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Chiib,"I really really love this game, I love how it makes you feel more like a thief then a brute that can take down thousands of guards. On normal, if your face two or more guards, you are probably dead. This game is a true stealth game and I love it"
76561197970329460,Recommended,239160,9297824,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Aeneas2020,"Let's start out with answering the question that caused you to read this review: Thief is a good game...it's not as bad as some reviews would lead you to believe but it isn't great either.However before we talk about where thief falters let's talk about what it gets right.Thief does manage to portray a convincing setting and those that played the earlier Thief titles will feel that city has been faithfully recreated with a slightly modern sheen. The places you visit during the course of the game generally feel well designed and have a great sense of place. Each location feels unique while also feeling like it fits into the larger game world. Garrett is able to move around the environment decently (more on which later) and gameplay is generally easy to grasp and when it finds its rhythm it can be slick, intuitive and fun.Having said all that Thief does fall short in several places. While it is true the world can feel alive and vibrant at times, the game was clearly designed for last gen systems and as such features a good deal of low res texture work. Vistas can look striking for a distance but often dissolve into blurry messes up close.The game is also based on a hub type system in which the you have to traverse the city to get to missions, find side quests, or generally get from point A to point B. In theory this should be great, allowing you to make your own adventures on the way to missions. However in practice the city is broken up into several zones, separated by loading screens. On my (admittedly beefy PC) the load times were instantaneous, however it does break up game play and some areas I encountered were nothing more than 20x20ft boxes with a loading screen (window) on each side. This particular aspect really draws you out of the game. I am sure with some effort they could have implemented a seamless city.AI can often be wonky also, regardless of difficulty I found that I could quite often stand in front of guards without a second glance, however sometimes they would also spot me from huge distances. The latter is much alleviated on lower difficulties.The story, characters and voice acting are competent and serve to keep the story moving. My only quibble with the character design is that Garrett is wearing a corset! I understand he needs to have somewhere to keep his gear but his design is a little odd.Overall Thief is a good competent stealth game hamstrung by three factors. It clearly wasn't designed with a PC in mind. It doesn't quite reach the high standards of previous Thief games in story or execution and finally it exists in a post Dishonored world.This last point is crucial, although Dishonored isn't a Thief game it certainly drew a great deal of inspiration from the series. What Dishonored accomplished was executing several things the Thief reboot tries to do with greater success. The world, gameplay, story and characters all blow Thief out of the water. Several of the levels and characters in Thief also feel derivative of Dishonored, the Brothel level standing out above all others in this respect, while other levels feel like rehashes of previous Thief games (one level shamelessly rips off the famous Cradle level for instance).Thief suffers from feeling derivative of it's own series and other games while at the same time offering nothing new and feeling somewhat dated in level design and gameplay. It is a good game when judged by itself and is well worth buying for fans of Thief or stealth games in general.7/10p.s. I wasn't all that happy with the ending either!"
76561197995271829,Not Recommended,239160,34771436,Posted: 6 September,all,Opeth,"""Because so many now build without consideration for the Master Builder, His mark is no longer upon the life of The City, and the taint of The Trickster will always seek entrance.""Sure, I could rant on about the absence of Stephen Russell, basic lore, Hammerites, Pagans....but I don't need to.If you want to experience the real Thief and the real Garrett, then play through:Thief: The Dark Project (1998) or :Thief Gold (1999 expanded edition of Dark Project with some modified missions and a few new levels)Thief II: The Metal Age (2000)Thief: Deadly Shadows (2004)The first game, from Looking Glass Studios set the bar for stealth. End of. This is THE true original ""first-person sneaker"", ahead of Hitman and Splinter Cell.Second game, brilliant steampunk gameplay and very, very funny. Also from Looking Glass Studios and a truly excellent sequel.Third game developed by Ion Storm. People came down quite hard on this one. Ignore that. It's a masterpiece.This latest creation developed by Eidos Montréal is an absolute insult to the franchise."
,Recommended,239160,9265719,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,2cloudy,i would definitely reccomend this to people who love dishonored and stealthy games. i think it should have gotten a higher score than 71/100!
,Recommended,239160,9265903,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,woke queen myelinan,I got to the brothel level. I'm a changed man... 10/10
,Not Recommended,239160,9285131,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Jr Jam,"very bad game, so ♥♥♥♥ing linear i feel like im just watching a movie and not playing. npc AI is terrible, and the whole game relies on one mechanic, a dumb crystal."
,Recommended,239160,9262684,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Nigel Star,"Honestly a joy to play! The stealth is well done, the story is pretty good, the sound is a little weird sometimes(ie. random npc dialog repeated even when away from the npcs, music louder than voices, ect...) AI is good and overall i think its better than most major reviewers are saying. I thik its worth every penny spent and if you are thinking about picking it up, go for it. Just don't expect an amazing combat system or some kind of multiplayer. Cause you wont find either of those here!"
76561198070012546,Recommended,239160,9279156,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,FrancisBoDean,"8.5/10 if you're just looking for a rate. (so far)About 9 actual game hours in I am very much enjoying this game. The story isn't phenomenal but decent enough to keep you interested and side missions are plentiful if you search for them. The stealth elements in this game are great, the blackjack combat however, I find unenjoyable, which in itself kinda feels like a good thing. Thieves don't fight, when they're discovered, they run. That's exactly what the combat makes me want to do. I feel weak and powerless against more than two enemies and it makes me want to flee and rethink my strategy, really adding to the intensity of the game when you are fleeing and tests you patience and skill while you wait for the perfect opportunity to slip by unnoticed,  I enjoy the large variety of different arrows at Garrett's disposal. I also like how Garrett is not equipped with a wide array of letal weapons, seeing as you are a thief not an assassin. This brings me to another point; people comparing this game to Dishonored... It is nothing like it. In Thief you play.. a THIEF. In Dishonored, you play an ASSASSIN. Big Difference. I guess the way I see it, the only similarity they share is the ability to pickpocket and crouch to sneak past enemies. I played VERY LITTLE of the original Thief series and this is probably why I like this so much. (I am a long time fan of the Resident Evil series and, shoot me, but 4 was the turning point that lead the series into a downward spiral, so I understand long time Thief fans not enjoying this one as much.) Now, this game is not without it's issues, guards repeat the same phrase over and over, sometimes even overlapping the phrase they are saying with the exact same thing, I swear I'm sick of hearing about Polly Adler. Intense music starts playing for no reason, like when I'm just sneaking around. Bugged out so bad earlier I had to restart my computer to fix it (Kept going to the very bottom option on the menu screen, regardless of where my mouse was.) Could just be my mouse but feeling for switches behind paintings SUCKS. In conclusion though, I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the stealth genre, I understand the previous fans dislike cause that's how I am with RE, but for anyone new to the series, this is an excellent stealth game that you are sure to enjoy."
76561198062515954,Recommended,239160,9269453,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tempest Bane,"I think the only reason this game has gotten bad reviews is because it has ""Thief"" in its title. Calling it ""Thief"" has caused all the cry babies to want a replica of the old ""Thief"" games. This is none of those old titles, it is its own game."
76561198058369472,Not Recommended,239160,28099764,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Buraun,This game was such a let down -.- WTF happened here?
76561197962869922,Recommended,239160,9275533,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ookami,"I usually don't write reviews for games, but I feel obligated for this one.  I highly disagree with the score that it's getting from metacritic.  I'm a veteran of the series and started playing during Thief 1 before it went gold, and while this game feels different from the original series, that isn't always a bad thing.  One review in paticular made me feel the need to write this review, and that's the one that said ""if you were a fan of the original games you won't like this game"".  Ok Mr. I Must Know What Every Gamer Likes, but as stated above I own every single game and I'm personally enjoying this game for what it is.  It's not perfect and it has some issues, but all in all its a good solid game that can stand on it's own.  Yeah the controls are a little different, but to all the reviewers who are flaming that the controls are clunky and uncontrollable, hogwash.  I got used to the controls in the prologue, and while there's no dedicated ""jump"" button I've never had an issue with getting where I wanted or picking up objects etc so forth.  As for people flaming the story, all I have to say is CoD got higher reviews and CoD can hardly be considered a game at all.I personally believe it should be a mid to low 80's game, score wise.  Nothing will ever stand up to Thief 2: The Metal Age, that game was just pure platinium awesome and I really wish people would review the game for itself and not that it's not 100% true to what you remember.  If you're looking for a sneaky steal everything fun game, Thief might be for you.  Just don't expect it to be Dishonored."
,Recommended,239160,9262776,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,GLy44,Great game. It provieds challenge and mystery.
,Recommended,239160,9277018,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Patchwork,"After hearing so many bad things I was a little hesitant to get it, but decided it was my obligation as a thief fan to at least check it out. I went ahead and watched Total Biscuits review on YouTube to get some game-play and other thoughts to make a decision myself instead of just blindly following the review numbers. I will say I am glad I got it. I think a lot of reviewers expected this to be the original thief at a 1:1 ratio and I think that's just asking to much. If you go into this just wanting a game with good stealth game-play and an all around good time and challenge then this is your game. I just don't suggest getting this if you are expecting this game to compare with the classic.After playing this I can tell Edios Montreal did all they could to keep the fans of the series happy. A big worry for some people is the focus system and just being dumbed down, and I won't deny that those dumbed down features aren't there,  but the great part is you can remove all those handicaps to an extreme with the extensive custom difficulty which is an amazing feature if you want a challenge. Being part of the western developer division of Square Enix, you get all the graphical options, and support for the latest and greatest PC tech like they have done with their previous games. Graphically it's not the best looking game out there, but it has a really nice balance between quality and performance allowing me to play in eyefinity at 5760x1080 going no lower than 40FPS with an overclocked r9 290. It's positional audio is also fantastic when trying to find sounds coming from around you. However at the time of this review there is a bug that is glitching audio distance calculation making people having a conversation 2 houses away some times sound like they are right next to you. Audio mixing also isn't fantastic where music can often be drowning out dialog if you leave it to high. Guards voices can also drown out your inner monologue in the game as well which is a bit annoying that I am looking forward to a patch for.A big complaint with most reviews is having a lackluster and hard to follow story, and they are not truly wrong. However, It doesn't makes the game any less fun, and like I said earlier, if you are expecting this to be the original thief 1:1 in quality, you might be a bit disappointed and they have changed a few things for the worse in the game-play, but I still think that it is an extremely fun game.If you are going to buy this game because of my review, then don't. I'm going to be frank, this review is pretty bias, and I recommend you do what I did and form your own decisions by watching a walk-through of the first few missions and such to get a feel for the game-play and make your own decision like I did, instead of basing your entire purchase on someone else's experience."
,Recommended,239160,24138048,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Blades,"This game influences the concept of stealing, burglarly and corporate espionage. DON'T buy this game. Steal it. 10/10"
76561198012744284,Recommended,239160,9277014,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,yeanhaw,"I'm an old thief veteran, having played Thief: Deadly Shadows - and for the time that it was released, that game had outstanding graphics, a deep plot and riveting characters. This version of Thief still has alot of similarities, but it's not quite the same. The game more or less lacks a walkthrough or training, and alot of gamers these days are used to having their games handed to them on a silver platter and being spoon-fed - whereas I remember back in the day, games weren't like that. You were thrown into the thick of it and it was sink or swim.If you prefer your games spoon-fed to you on a silver platter, don't play this. It's a survival sneaking game, and if you can't stay hidden and love the thought of being a thief, breaking and entering, and pickpocketing, don't touch this game.If, however, you've secretely loved the idea of hocking off famous artwork, jewellery, pickpocketing, picking locks, and going for the prize and being a total ghost - then play this game. The game isn't slow paced - it's only as fast or slow as you make it. But if you're clever, you'll take your time. Rushing through it like Sonic the Hedgehog will mean you will miss things, overlook good loot, and end up flat broke and having to go over levels again and again.Certainly, there is alot of replayability to this game - but there isn't a multiplayer aspect. I suspect that if its received well enough, there may be an expansion - hopefully.As for the bugs - what bugs? The only bug i noticed so far was the xbox glitch - going into controller settings and seeing an xbox controller - and in all honesty this game is quite easy to pick up - that just gave me a bit of a laugh.Honestly people, stop being nitpicky. For a $50 game, this is damn good fun. Yes, the guards are razor sharp, but if they are spotting you all the time, it means you suck as a thief and should play it on namby-pamby easy setting. If everything turns blue, it means you've got focus on. Remember also that this runs on the Unreal Engine - an Engine that is NORTORIOUSLY biased towards NVidia graphics cards - so if you're running an AMD, it may be pertinent to run on standard settings, unless you have a high powered PC. (Though that said, my PC is 3 years old, and runs AMD, and it works perfectly)All in all, I'd give this game 8/10. I've only played about 2 hours so far, but so far it's fantastic. I love it. Yes, i'm a biased sneak-thief gamer, but this game certainly does stand up there with the Deadly Shadows and Dishonored. I've played good stealths and bad stealths but this isn't a bad stealth game, by any measure. And if anyone argues it is, their arguement is flawed because they're just a♥♥♥♥♥♥sneaker."
76561198022349360,Recommended,239160,9262794,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Luckshadow,Excellent sequel to a classic game. If you like stealth then this is the game for you. Dishonered was heavily influenced by the Thief franchise. It's good to see that Garrett has returned.
76561198055685563,Not Recommended,239160,12938753,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Waaagh987,"This is exactly the same as dishonored, just without the super awsome superpowers and gadgets."
,Not Recommended,239160,18422694,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[ Nobody ],"Stole a pair of scissors. ""Master Thief""."
76561198096165929,Recommended,239160,9570527,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Nightrider-co,"This game looks promising, even though I have just started playing it. The graphics are very good. I can't say much about the storyline yet, but it's very interesting."
,Recommended,239160,9540583,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Thegamerfreak,"I don't really know what to say it is good but the feeling that the maps are so empty so there almost no need for stealth when freeroam mode, well overhaul not a bad game but nether good game, i will recomend this for players that dont like direct combat"
,Recommended,239160,10463377,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Omelette du Fromage,"Knocked a woman out, stole her hairbrushBrings back good memories.10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,239160,9486019,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,CHIEFBEEF,Garrett is back and better than ever. Beautiful game with amazingly detailed gameplay. This game continues the Thief series with dynamic efforts. 10/10
,Not Recommended,239160,9335603,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Salmanz,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story  pls add refund option !!
,Recommended,239160,12808642,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Camper,"Game is awesome, get it."
,Recommended,239160,9380199,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Raetharn,"Ignore Metacritic, this game is amazing.♥♥♥♥♥dah haterz meng."
,Not Recommended,239160,14180066,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Miss Fangs,"I was really dissapointed with this game. It looked like a fun and interesting game at first until I actually played it. This game is a huge ripoff of dishonored. It's 20gb of pure dissapointment. $7 thrown into oblvion for no good reason. The story, as far as I can tell, is flat and uninteresting. The gameplay is repetitive and the characters have no depth to them. If you want a good game, buy dishonored. I am still not dissapointed with this buy, though. Now I've truly been able to experience a ripoff. I wouldn't recommend this game unless you truly have nothing better to do."
,Recommended,239160,14237577,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Knslyr,"Thief is a stealth game with a dark medieval theme. The story is quite small, but you'll still get quite a lot of hours played in this game if you go for all the loot and the ghost playstyle. You do have the option to go for a more aggresive play style, but this game is built for the stealth, not the the action.One of the negative things I found in this game is the sound; It is very hard to keep track of guards through following the sound of their footsteps. So you'll have to analyze guard routines instead. Dialogues bugs sometimes as well, guards starting saying two things simultaneously or sounding like they are talking far away from you when they actually are quite close.In terms of stealth mechanics and gameplay, this is one of the best games out there.Stay in the shadows, avoid light sources.Walk slowly over certain noisy surfaces.Throw objects, or shoot arrows at objects to distract threats.Pick locks, or use others tools like rope arrows to find other routes to slip by threats.Pretty basic stuff, but its been put together very well.If you're an experienced gamer even if you are new to stealth games I would still recommend starting the game on master difficulty and learn by trial and error. I feel like the Ai is the best on master difficulty.And when you've finished the game on master then continue and try to beat the game on a custom difficulty for even harder experiences. :)"
,Not Recommended,239160,14179183,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mystic Sperm,"I expected much more... So much more...20 seconds into the game, I have found the first bug, when Erin, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ raging emo who is planted in the game to give some people that little Hollywood cliche that we all ""love"" and ""need"" in our games, started doing somersaults at hyperspeed right in front of me. 10 minutes later, a guard in the clock tower area decided to show his athletic skills as well and put on a nice somersaulting run , only with his lower body, while talking about the reason he joined the Watch. Well he should have joined the circus...This game feels like such a grind, stealing things worth about 3g each, in order to buy 800g upgrades necessary to steal more expensive things. And once in 2 hours you can steal some huge golden/diamond thingy which is considered unique, but then you hardly get anything for it as well. It just feels so empty, Garret the master thief, the guy who cracks a safe , stealing the biggest ruby in the world while in the vicinity of 5 guards, is also a petty thief hired by some ♥♥♥♥♥ who didn't want her name in a book, and is paid a king's ransom of ... I don't even care, it was so boring I couldn't bring myself to care after the first 5 side missions. Those side missions by the way, are only there to prolong your gaming experience by throwing in some more uninteresting hardly story related grind. Well done!Story feels so bland and cliche, that it hurts to even try explain it, but I'll do it anyway - Unfulfilled love affair -> girl supposedly dies -> guy going on a revenge stealing spree -> the end. Well done again!Why does everything Square Enix touch turns into some ultra commercialistic crap?!Unless you want a Dishonored ripoff, far far away from everything that the original Thief series ever aimed for, a cheap cliche to pass the time, spend your money somewhere else...:)"
,Recommended,239160,24675688,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Buireu,"Really recommended master piece. Specially you like stealth games this game cannot be missed.It is a very athmospheric and detailed game. The history seems extracted from a dark enviroment film which increases in intensity as it is played. The player can make or miss some decissions which affects the history creating some different finals. Also, there is many different ways to reach every mission goal depending on the way you decide to play (stealth or aggressive).Moreover, there is a huge amount of secondary missions and a score system that challenges you.In conclusion, there is a game which every self-respecting player must have in their library, no matter if you like stealth games or not. You will enjoy it for sure."
76561197981696126,Not Recommended,239160,9343538,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Tandin,"Do not buy this game. It contains 8 levels, and none of them flow together. They have different focuses, there are two that involve you stealing things, two that try to be spooky, atmospheric, and have you walk in a straight line for the story to progress. There are two that mostly focus on the environment exploding around you, requiring you to use awkward climbing mechanics that shift to a jarring third person perspective with bad keybord controls (featuring a dedicated drop down button not used anywhere else in the game,) and the usual first person parkour to navigate. There are two boss fights in the game, but with Garret being made of paper, and the gameplay not being suited for combat, they are not fun in any way, and rely more on luck, as you have to physically touch enemies to get an attack in, where they have much greater range than you.Stealth kills, and I do mean kills, you cannot knock people out in melee in this game, will cause loud noise, attracting guards. I often found the difficulty coming from their line of sight, more than how they behaved. Once detected, their AI is poor, and they lose you if you jump over tables and crouch, or hide in a (large) closet, if there are crates, you can jump onto them and kill them one at a time as they enter to investigate the dead bodies at your leisure. The combat in detected mode is sluggish, and often not worth it. Garret had a sword and blackjack in previous theif games, in this one, you have a claw, used both for stealth kills and combat.I played on Master difficulty, each level taking about 30 minutes to complete, not counting cutscenes of course. There are a lot of them, and they are often a disjointed mess, not just in the writing, but how they flow with the game. Garret will be standing in a different place, sometimes an entirely different area when the FMV cutscenes kick in, and then dump you in a third location. The pacing is off, and by the end of the game, I was not sure what had happened in the story.Speaking of the difficulty levels, you are only penalized for killing civilians on Master, so if you are not playing on it, go nuts, take everyone out, it's not like it matters.Garret does not act like his old self, but it is a minor problem with all these gameplay issues in mind, the level design changing so much in tone and intent reminds me of another game.In short, I bought Duke Nukem Forever: Stealth Edition, and you shouldn't."
76561198080824112,Not Recommended,239160,19700914,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,DuckPerson1,Boring. I'll never buy just after a trailer again.
,Not Recommended,239160,19714009,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Yakooboo,The game is boring and I wasted my money on it
,Recommended,239160,18739536,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,IBa4grama3,+game pretty fun i not thief fan+visual nice+stealh is fun if play easy or normal+buy half price not full price+dialog good+fun pick pocket not like skyrim it suck-who thief chick just die like that-weak story-steal things take too long-very slow pace to steal stuff make me forget about it-try download ost and i get internet disconnet can not resume ost great-Grammar review-~some people understand some don't~
,Not Recommended,239160,26830607,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Valdes1912,Ebanyi Wlak
76561198066167039,Recommended,239160,10468494,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,somethinghurley,"Very fun if you like stealth-based games, can be very unforgiving on the higher difficulties, but that is to be expected I suppose."
,Recommended,239160,30058258,Posted: 20 February,all,☢» MACHIN3 «☢,"AMAZING GAME!! I loved Thief III Deadly Shadows back in the day and waited a long time for Thief 4 to be released... I should have reviewed this game sooner but late is better than never. Since there was such a long time between Thief 3 and 4 there are many things that changed such as lock picking, stealth, focus, and few other minor machanics but overall it's amazingly similar to thief 3 with newer graphics and much longer and more detailed story. This is a game that everyone should try!"
76561198066951676,Recommended,239160,10550333,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Glanth,you thought this would be a fun action pack game where you steal stuff and run away and avoid death. but NO CHAPTER 5 IS THE WORST. I NEVER NOPED SO HARD IN MY LIFE. would buy 10/10
76561197970435308,Recommended,239160,10889560,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Casey Dia,"A genuinely stellar game....what is with all the super-negative reviews? I'm aware of the issues with paging, audio, outa sync cutscenes, etc. and they really need to be fixed by the devs...but....Thief still plays smoothly and looks truly amazing even with graphics set to very low (I have a 5 yr old PC with an Nvidia 9600 GT card). Changing it to 32-bit makes a huge improvement in framerates. Thief has oodles of atmosphere that draws you into that world. Evidently, quite a few people are not aware, or they overlook, that the difficulty is highly scalable...even on the easiest setting, by removing virtually everything you choose from the screen. That makes it wonderfully challenging and even more immersive.As an avid FPS gamer, I really appreciate great graphics (I have nearly 200 mods in Skyrim) and this game is beautifully designed. I urge any of you still on the fence about buying Thief to get it...and deal with the issues that we are all still waiting to be fixed....because none of those ruin the experience... it is an outstanding, very immersive piece of work. I rate it far higher than a great many other games, if for no other reason than the atmosphere, amazing sounds and playability."
,Recommended,239160,10929878,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BtaylorTheRogue,"The loading screens and background dialogue when moving about the city get MASSIVELY annoying and old.  Other than that, pretty great."
76561197979268021,Recommended,239160,11044484,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,-A-,"fun game, lockpicking was a pain in the beginning until i realized you had to circle the mouse, not lift it -_- . otherwise its been a fun experience with great atmosphere! But so far, I don't feel the same amount of fear as I did with the first thief game :P"
,Recommended,239160,13214357,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,NecrolyteSoul,"While I never played the original series nor actually heard there was a previous game entitled Thief until this game was announced, I enjoyed this game immensly and had played it straight through, hooked on the deep storyline of the lone-wolf antihero master Thief Garrett, who thrust into saving the city- a gloomy fantasical victorian era representation of London/France going through the industrial revolution.Although this is a reboot, I have researched that many elements of the older Thief games are referenced in the past tense, making it seem that chronologically, this game is actually a sequel although not mentioned or listed as such, but instead a reboot, and if so, a reboot of the first game of the trilogy after the events of the original series, whose culture and surroundings were representatve of medieval/renaissance period going through the mechanist revolution.This game has many sidequests or ""jobs"" that can be completed, but do add enjoyment to the game. Some might complain that the game is too linear, but I see none of it. I played through and was hooked to see it to the very end. As I said before, this game is very story oriented and much work and detail has been implemented into the game in terms of the history, culture, and the society.My only complaint is that there was some glitches and a bug that never permitted me to complete about 2 side jobs but that was of no bother to me and really didn't hinder the main gameplay. I hope, that if they do make a sequel, it keeps the same style and gameplay with the high attention to rich story, history, and culture that was creative to make it so immersive.NOTE: This is my personal opinion and thoughts of the game, not an overall proffesional view if the game for general audience to use as a guide. As with many reviews and opinions, take this with a grain of salt and do your own research."
76561197995911766,Recommended,239160,10965044,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tman Williams,"Yes sir, stealth, stealing everything you see!"
,Recommended,239160,10473432,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,jeezusmane,"Love this game so far, the story is so interesting and the plot is so perfectly planned 9/10"
76561198065093388,Recommended,239160,10475954,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Tuskarr,I think this is a good reboot of the old Thief games even though I have only played a couple of hours
76561198042149373,Recommended,239160,9613725,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Brawlman,I'd recommend a purchase if you want a decent stealth game for PC
76561198066832657,Recommended,239160,9690105,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,xTcR | GlaDos [Inactive],Really cool stealth game but also the combat could use some work like just pressing r is the only way to hit/dmg someone overall a really good game props to the creators.
76561198055518992,Not Recommended,239160,9820673,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Gromp,sucks
76561198043867560,Recommended,239160,10010824,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,arthour05,"It's not a bad game, some reviews have called it out on being very liniur but I get the feeling of Dishonored when I play this, and the various different routs you can take in that.The graphics are just outside my laptop's range thuogh, so I can't play through it any more than I have at the moment. What I have played, is fun though, with an interesting and attention grabbing story and gameplay."
,Recommended,239160,9993893,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,HuWhite Reject,Graphics are really good almost to good my graphics card can barely run it
,Recommended,239160,10458538,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Puppy,"This game is amazing! If you, like me, enjoyed playing Dishonored stealty-like and not killing many people, this is the game for you. Garrett's voice acting is amazing and the overall gameplay is sublime. A definite must for all the creepy buggers out there."
,Recommended,239160,9817302,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,๖ۣۜTheMoldedBacon,Yessssssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,239160,12910136,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[l<.u.ř.Ø_J.Φ.l<.a.r],"Excellent stealth game, However the plot and the setting aren't always inspired, it suffers in aspects of level design and uninspired use of inventory, Thief delivers a unique stealth experience but the quality of the content...........(no comment)."
76561198089349493,Recommended,239160,9303119,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Lebowski Payne,Like dishonored with cockrings
76561198178463058,Not Recommended,239160,14584821,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,trigger5174,it would not load
,Not Recommended,239160,14448347,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,M1LF Hatrick Star,"Look at my hoursmostly spend on being idle in the menu's because I paused it because it was so boring.the story is bad, the voice acting is very bad.but the game does have the ocasional adrenaline filling moments, which it definately does better than dishonored.I'd rate it with a 5/10"
76561198115965963,Recommended,239160,27456977,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sigríður,for all stealth lovers with so much action :3best!
76561198100902097,Not Recommended,239160,17592307,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Oi actually love this band,game is meh. dosent run no matter what. tried everything. seems to be poorley optimized. also your white never a good thing
,Recommended,239160,13371095,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,tina the fatlard,it is fun to play but it gets harder and harder
76561197977190660,Recommended,239160,30083650,Posted: 21 February,all,Brainwave,"I played Thief briefly when it first came out and something about the gameplay combined with the poor reviews kind of turned me off.Trying it again a few years later, I found myself enjoying it more than I expected.  It's not going to make my top 10 all time game list or anything, but I liked playing it once I wasn't worried about other people's opinions of how good or bad of a game it is.  I played the original Thief games and while I liked them, I found the stealth in them to be an exercise in frustration at times.  Maybe that's why I was able to like this one, as the overall difficulty (even on Master) appears to be a bit easier than in the original Thief games.The gameplay was enjoyable, I liked collecting loot, upgrading my gear (even though a lot of the upgrades were focused on combat.. I would have preferred more stealth related upgrades), etc... However, I found the story to be a bit of a head scratcher.  I didn't really get what was supposed to have happened, even after all was explained.  Some stuff was somewhat explained well, other stuff was just forgotten about.  The city was also a bit annoying, having to sneak past the same guard post for the 20th time gets a little old.  But overall, I'd recommend Thief for just a fun stealth game if you're in the mood to not take it too seriously."
,Not Recommended,239160,14075362,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Garystearns,"Does not work, not good game.2/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,14093285,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Silver Aura,"I wanted to love this game, I really did... but having to follow Dishonored, I have to say... it's just not fun. Dishonored was fun. This is just... not."
76561198078318381,Not Recommended,239160,9274528,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,rawr,crashes evrey single time it sucks
76561197999109726,Not Recommended,239160,19268965,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,oakc,Borrrrring!  Lost interest about 10 minutes into it.
76561197979300504,Not Recommended,239160,19119360,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,benmat81,The first one was better.They shot a water arrow into my expectations :(
,Not Recommended,239160,19280371,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,JJNIII,Aweful GameplayQuit After 10 Minutes
76561198055486940,Recommended,239160,9315484,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,tomiathon,"The original Thief (The Dark Project/Gold) is without question one of my five favorite games of all time, possibly my favorite. So it was that when I first heard they were working on a new Thief, I was very excited. I've been waiting for this game for a very long time. But I'd also heard the criticisms of the game during development, and was nervous. Having played through a few chapters and side missions now, I can say I'm pleasantly surprised with this reboot.While in some ways it is lacking in the original Thief mythos (no Hammers/Mechanists/Pagans/Keepers that I've run across yet), it still feels like home, playing on Master difficulty and having the Focus powers turned off. Eidos is to be commended for the customization they have allowed the player to make the experience as much like the original as possible (personally, I'd prefer that that original experience was the only experience, but as long as I can experience the real game myself, I guess I don't really care if other people choose to cheat themselves out of it). That was one of my biggest fears as development progressed, and I'm happy to say that for the most part Eidos has done a good job in making the true Thief shine through (again, at least optionally.  On easier difficulties, and with other option settings, I can't say. But then I only ever played the original Thief games on the hardest difficulties so that's the only point of comparison I can make anyway).Some of the other complaints I'd heard, and I'll lump several somewhat related things together here a little, was a lack of freedom - that the game had an ""on rails"" feeling, that the levels were small, etc. These criticisms do have some merit; however, I don't think its quite so bad as that. The levels do have a little bit of a linear feel and they might be a bit shorter than those in the original game on average, but I don't think too much so, and the open world of The City helps compensate for that a bit. The side missions are definitely much smaller, and it doesn't seem that there are as many main story missions as the average 15 or so from the previous games (going by the Steam achievements, it looks like there may only be 8), so there is that. The one area where I do really feel the lack of freedom rearing its ugly head is the inability to jump whenever you want and to lean forward or to the sides unless you're right at a specified corner (and even then, the actual lean doesn't seem to add much to your field of view at all from just the basic ""peek"", and its a little - though not too much, so this is a very minor complaint - harder to duck back around a corner compared to the old games where you could just let go of the lean button and be moving at the same time). There were a lot of places in the old games that jumping wouldn't help you reach any further anyway, so I don't know that the real effect of this change is that monumental, but it still does create a definite constrained or chafing feeling. One instance where I've found the lack of jumping to be a great hindrance is not being able to jump over pressure plates.One other thing to say is that the game is gorgeous. Its absolutely every bit as beautiful as playing through a dark, gloomy, plague-infested, crime-ridden city could possibly be. Overall, though I'm still fairly early into the game, from someone who loves and cherishes the old games, this new Thief gets my stamp of approval."
,Recommended,239160,9323628,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Willofol the Magnificent,"Excellently done.The City is full of life - even it is dark, and full of death - and the Steampunk setting is really nicely shown.With the custom difficulty settings, pretty much everything can be turned off, leaving it just down to your wits and your bow.Love it."
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,239160,11189142,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jack Burton,This game is enjoyable! why the hell cant i get into it though????
76561198101497350,Recommended,239160,10916696,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MrSeaBlue3 (Is that him?),"It's everything you expected from a Thief game.  I paid a lot of money for pre-order, and they apparently take down the price by half -_- not only that, the ending is so badly made.  You just have the same scene with Erin but at a dock, and none of your questions are answered.It does have nice gameplay and art.  Story is still pretty weak.  Overall, get it while its only on sale"
76561198043336823,Not Recommended,239160,11290901,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mr. Krabs,I played about 10 mins in and it sucks... it feels like all I'm doing is picking up stuff and knocking everyone out. For a stealth game its nothing like it. You can just run past every one and be K. Also the graphics and sound cut out alot... Its not worth any type of money.  Dont buy this.
,Recommended,239160,15457617,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,♥DT♥ Inactive Αccounᴛ,I'm glad my boobs don't look like that....http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=428765785
,Recommended,239160,19260610,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,大葱垃,游戏性确实不错，就是字幕有点对不上……
76561198061344018,Not Recommended,239160,28441987,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,king coon the real goon,Um verdadeiro cu.
76561198065311110,Recommended,239160,10964014,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Newsome,A lackluster story with great level design and gameplay-StoryThe story is nothing you should really pay attention to.Think of the AC series it kinda of sucks-Level DesignThe level are well designed and always give you a way to progress using all gameplay styles-GameplayThe stealth is welldone but sometimes you will laugh at AI just staring at you and not alerting their friends  (while in the shadows).(Game completed on hardest difficulty)
,Recommended,239160,13042861,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Edison,"Interesting build, this one. Strong potential and atmosphere. Shoddy controls at best, but fun nonetheless. If you're into the struggle between developers and marketeers, this one's for you."
76561197987436681,Not Recommended,239160,10478383,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Cadaver Dog,"Unfortunately if you are an original Thief fan, then this game is not for you. It feels like it was made for the console, then ported to PC. You don't have to be anywhere near an object to activate the ""pick it up"" mechanism. Garrett will practically fly across the room to get whatever you click ""E"" on. All the loot has this shiny glint that is very annoying and way to obvious. You can't fall off a building if you tried. It's a very scripted, non-open world. Remember how in the old Thief you could find your own way in to some building? Good luck doing that here, as they scripted all your movements out for you. The ""swooping"" from shadow to shadow lets you practically ignore the shadows, and is just another ""canned"" movement to get you through the game easier. No more suspenseful slow creeping, just hit the appropriate X or Y button, oh sorry, I mean space bar or E, and you can just run through the mission. And forget about jumping, that's way to much free movement for this game! And Garrett's voice...oh my...he sounds like he got 15 years younger and is a whiny college student. If you are 10 years old and have a PS or Xbox, then get this game -- you'll love it! If you are an old school Thief fan -- save yourself the disappointment and stay away. Time to reload Thief 1 & 2."
,Recommended,239160,10906377,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Buller!,"Cool game if you like stealth games, and pretty hard too!"
,Recommended,239160,10910865,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,zifer,Good game that are beef on scilent takedowns<3
76561197970941958,Recommended,239160,10941341,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Combine Squad Leader,"I don't think this game is as good as Dishonoured, but it's hard to tell since after playing it a while I can't get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to load and run."
,Recommended,239160,10952153,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Norl3,Funny sneaky peaky game ☺
,Recommended,239160,10991192,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Stein,Shot a guy in the heart and he actually ♥♥♥♥ing died. 11/10
76561198049262941,Recommended,239160,27526516,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yogi,"One of the most underrated games on steam. If you come in wanting to be exactly like the old thief games, you will likely be dissapointed, but it is an excellent atmospheric stealth game in its own right. It has a large map, and if you put the effort into getting to know it, you'll be rewarded. Additionally, it has one of the most customizable diffficulty systems on the market, allowing you to add or remove whatever features you like. I won't spoil the story, but it comes highly recommended."
76561198093363183,Recommended,239160,29576245,Posted: 29 January,all,Smackm0nk3y,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, even though there are some short comings.  I found the stealth mechanics to be fun, especially the swoop feature.  There is no looking through walls like some games, which I think made this game all the better and more challenging.  Graphics are nice and the atmosphere is good and dark like a Thief game should be.I was slightly annoyed by some of the audio.  Sometimes NPCs will start talking during a cut scene (they are not part of the scene, just in the same room), making it difficult to hear what is being said in the cut scene.  Also, sometimes footsteps might cut out.The story starts out good and I enjoyed it for the most part.  The developers should have put more into the ending.  They really dropped the ball there.All in all I liked the game.  Most important to me is gameplay, and the gameplay is fun.  Throwing a bottle and hitting a maid in the head never gets old.  Shooting a water arrow into a torch being carried by a guard is just plain fun.  I could keep going."
76561198115551531,Recommended,239160,29478632,Posted: 25 January,all,»Â¹« BigBoiGamer,A game that`s to me very enjoyable. The game mechanics are awesome. Story line pretty good. Even some of the side missions are a challenge if your going for that perfect score. It`s a pitty I didnt get to play the other Thief games before this. Shame it wasn`t in 3rd person.
,Recommended,239160,32764935,Posted: 25 June,all,TreasuRe,"Great for stealth-action fans. Very dinamyc, yet sometimes directs so hard that's a little annoying. But great story, game play and variety of talent trees and skills, and how you will play your character."
,Recommended,239160,9467682,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Xenanthropy,"I haven't played the original Thief, but...This is game is amazing. I've seen quite a few people saying it's a horrible game because it somehow didn't stick to the old roots of the first game somehow, a game that was made in the 90's. Well, having not played the original, I think I can safely give an opinion of the game, not skewed by memories of the late 90's version.To start off, I was already a bit biased from the start to an extent, as I love stealth games/stealth features in games. In skyrim, I was always either a mage or a thief, in any rpg game, if I can be a thief, i'll be it, such a fun way to play, sneaking around and hiding in the shadows. So when I heard about this game, I was already excited. It was as good as I expected it to be. The sneak mechanic is pretty well done, although it doesn't have much give when it comes to either being hidden, or being seen, so don't rely on the moon icon too much if you're near people, you have to listen to the sounds to see if someone is discovering you.Secondly, I love the ""staying hidden"" options you can do throughout the game, such as extinguishing candles, whether it be snuffing them with your fingers, or dousing them with water arrows. Enemies in the way and no way to get around them? Throw a bottle and distract them so you can sneak around (or maybe even kill, if that's your choice) them.Thirdly, I love the freeness of the game. Don't wanna focus on the main quests? No problem, go ahead and wander the city, stealing things or even do side-quests. Don't like sneaking a whole lot? just level up your blackjack and get tons of broadhead arrows and go and kill everyone in your way. If you wanna follow the (main) path of the game and be unseen, unheard, unnoticed, everything? build into your stealth options and sneak around like the ghost you are. The game plays out the way you want it to play. Even the difficulties are custom! Sure, there's the easy, medium, hard aspect that normal games have, but you can also make a custom difficulties. Is the hard difficulty not hard enough? No problem, turn off your ""focus"" ability, make it nearly impossible to stay hidden in the shadows, and make every supply cost 2000 gold. It's a great feature for those people who like to take it to extremes.Overall, this is a great game. Here are my ratings for it.9/10for customization9/10as well for Open-endedness,10/10for graphics (I didn't feel they needed to be discussed, they're great graphics, they fit good with the game)10/10for sounds/voice-acting (Also didn't have to be discussed, great voice-acting, Garrett's voice fits so well)Total: 9.5/10 If you have the money to buy this game, buy it!"
76561198070753202,Recommended,239160,9833241,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,JonahJayJack,Amazing game.
,Recommended,239160,9469074,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Schjøkie,"This game is a horror stealth thief simulator.At the begining it's kinda peacefully. Later it begins to be way more scary than any other horror game.If you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks. Then buy the game.5/5. Im stuck, I can't make my self go further."
,Recommended,239160,9465989,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Applejun,Great game
76561198054580494,Recommended,239160,9449229,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Criminal Horse,Greatest stealth game.Underrated by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,239160,14635706,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Zarathos,"Man i just cant play it, i just feel bored , it is boring booooooooooring . and it feels old. just the hands of the character moving always in front of your face all the time doesn't make the FPS game full of motions."
,Recommended,239160,9955821,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Pudding Please,$45 Drow Ranger Set
,Recommended,239160,9490993,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Arcus Praetorian,"Ho-Lee-Shet. That's all I can say about this game. The atmosphere, stealth mechanics, graphics and sound it's great. Be warned with is no Splinter Cell game where you can just get an RPG and murder everything in your way, this is a thinking man's game that can be slow paced and fast paced at times. Running head on into combat will 90% of the time result in your death. Thief requires you to do what a Thief does, steal things, and get paid to steal things. A must have for fans of Stealth Games."
76561198103485918,Recommended,239160,31376314,Posted: 26 April,all,Uku pls,"Pros:-Awesome story-Pretty big open world map-Every mission is unique-Developing caracter is exetremely simple-Exciting and fun gameplay-Decent graphicsCons:-After completing the story the game gets pretty boring (there are quite a lot of side missions, but not very interesting)Don't quite understand all the hate towards this game, still one of my favourites."
,Recommended,239160,10053233,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,IchigoSKurosaki,Amazing but too short for the money i payed for it.
76561198146321055,Recommended,239160,31664093,Posted: 10 May,all,Geozz,"I played to the previous version of thief (Dark project: Deadly Shadows - 2004).I was a bit afraid of going from third to first person but the transition was pretty smooth and enjoyable.I read a few of the commentaries, where people complain about crashing and so on.Personally, the game is running perfectly well (I am at chapter 4 out of 8 right now).The game is really good to my opinion, there are always many ways to achieve a mission.The story is pretty captivating so far, and the thrill of hiding in the dark while your enemy is clueless is still great.I honestly don't understand how and why this game has so many negative reviews.For me there is no other game as it, and if you are into stealth games you should definitely give it a try !"
,Recommended,239160,21230059,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,>OFF<,"Very good stealth game, where you play as Garrett The Thief. 10/10"
,Recommended,239160,15581604,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,東方の黑猫✿,It`s a good game with a awesome story! :) But there is a 18+ sectoin on capther 3 which you have to look throught its part of the quest =_=
76561197996031175,Recommended,239160,13370979,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Team Vladof,"""Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it...poorly""* Thief 1,2 = Coke* Thief 3 = Diet Coke* Thief (4) = New CokeFan reaction is same.Overall, I think it's a good game in its own right, just as I thought Dishonored was a good game. However, Dishonored wasn't called ""Thief"" with a pedigree to uphold. If this was released as a stand-alone game with a new universe and lead character (or even just a spin-off in the same universe with differe lead character) it would have had a much better reception.Reboot kerfuffle aside, this game reminds me a lot of Thief 3 ... in a bad way.* There's a City hub you spend most of your time retracing steps through* Level design is small and cramped* Missions are very short, even in the main quest* Your use of tools & abilities is often limited or contextual~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* Unlike T3, The City Hub is the ""meat"" of the game, b/c you'll spend half your time exploring it or hoofing from point A to B in it. (Seriously, half my play time is just City Hub...*sigh*) It feels like a single ""go loot the city!"" Thief 1 / 2 fan mission (albeit a good one) with no over-reaching plot. Basso's ""fetch"" side missions increase the times you annoyingly retrace your steps in it. The addition of difficult-to-find ""trophy room"" loots eventually turns it from a fun ""let's see where I can go and what I can nab"" to a frustrating ""where are the last 3 items in the collection? I feel so stupid!"" Of major annoyance is how The City resets people. Knock a guard or citizen out, come back later, he's there again doing the same thing. It makes you feel like your actions have no impact due to lack of permanance. So, don't bother wasting arrows killing guards in The City. They just come back, and it's a waste of an arrow.* Ector and Vittori give side missions that involve going to separate maps, but they are small and short; probably 10-15 mins with a few guards and puzzles. They leave you unsatisfied and wanting for more. The main plot has the largest missions, but are still short, taking ~30 mins. Again, felt like T3 all over again. All of these leave you wanting for the days of Thief 1 / 2 where missions would take hours to accomplish on huge maps.* Folks complained about the spelunking in Thief 1 / 2 (eg: Horn of Quintus in T1), so T3 and T4 avoided it. You rummage through some old ruins in T4, but Garrett is no longer the Indiana Jones he used to be. Sad, because I loved those missions. Instead, you get ""asylum"" missions trying to creep you out. T3 had one (The Cradle), and it's like they rehashed it for T4. It's probably the best level, but it's been done before. The DLC provides a Bank Heist, but ""been there done that"" in T2.* The stink of X-box / PS port lingers as there's a crazy number of level transitions. They try to make them interactive (eg: opening a window, sliding through cramped boxes). What starts off as a novelty  turns into an annoyance. Why do I have to keep hitting the ""use"" key to finish doing this? Silly goose, that's so it feels like you're actually doing something instead of wasting your time on a transition. It  reminds you of how T4, like T3, was under tight build contraints, because it wasn't PC-exclusive. Hence the cramped, short levels and constant transitions.* Thieving is entertaining, but the constant petty larceny eventually turns into an insulting chore. You're a master thief, but you're lifting things that are worth pocket change.* Everything seems contextual. You can only jump & climb at designated spots. It helps to ensure you land properly every time, but it also reminds you of the lack of freedom you have. Likewise, I got stuck in a room looking for an item. I check a cheat guide... turns out I didn't try to climb the one specific bookcase in the room that allowed climbing while everything else did not. There's even an upturned table right next to the bookcase, but you can't climb that. I tried, hence I thought I couldn't go that way. But, I just didn't click on the correct object. Silly me. *rolls eyes** Same with your blackjack. You have to use the contextual ""take down"" button to knock folks out. You can't just whack them on the head with your melee attack button.* Same with the rope arrow. Did you honestly think you could just shoot it into any old wooden beam? No, silly. You can only shoot them at the specific beams that have specific rope-bound spots on them. That way you can't just go exploring whereever you please. silly goose.* Being ""leet"" and ""edgy"", there's now mandatory action sequences and parkour in some missions. This helps push urgency sometimes, but you're thrown into it abruptly and can die from a cheap kill if you don't react soon enough. It basically punishes patient gamers that play Garrett as a slow,  methodical thief by a) tossing them into situations they themselves wouldn't have let their Garrett get into, b) tossing them into twitch-gaming play-style situations they may not like playing. They also zoom out to 3rd person to show you doing some leet climbing parts. This just ruins the immersion of the game, making you feel like you're watching someone else perform the awesomeness instead of you doing it. Likewise, you can only do this awesome climbing on designated pipes and beams, not all of them. Why on earth should you be able to do it whenever you please? That's just silly talk, silly goose. (Again... lack of freedom).* When looting furniture, you have to open and check each drawer seperately. I know this lets folks pace themselves on it as guard patrols come by, but it just turns into a trudge. It would have been better to just have it automate the whole thing. Have Garrett quickly open and shuffle through all the drawers in like 10 seconds while the player looks on.* Lock picking ""mini game"" is still annoying. It was annoying in Thief 3, new version here is just as annoying. However, the ""mini game"" to search for hidden switches around books and pictures is really ingenious. It's actually immersive and intriguing. However, you get rewarded for Ghost-style playing, but there's no way to close some objects to make it really look like you weren't there. What kind of Ghost leaves a hidden floor compartment opened or a painting slid up with the safe exposed? Two steps forward, one step back?* ""Focus"" jedi skill and upgrades to equipment are a slap in the face catering to the ""everyone's a winner"" gamer. Your focus is basically a legitimate cheat that lets you no-brainer Batman detective your way through problems instead of exploring and thinking for yourself. I recommend playing the game the first time through with the ""can't use Focus"" handicap turned on in order to get a more Thief-like experience.* Like Dishonored, the difficulty modes are a joke, because the game is easy regardless (dumbed-down to the lowest common denominator). There's extra difficulty modifiers to disable aspects of the game, but some are a joke. ""Can only use utility arrows"". Really? I only used those as it was. ""Can't use Focus."" Really? Focus should be off by default. But, then they jump to Ironman modes or auto-fail missions if spotted. After a few cheap kills or guards spotting you while hidden you realize how abusive that can be.* Some missions have one-way doors/slides, and there's no warning. You're exploring, getting loot, oh, what's this button do? One-way door. But, I need to go back and explore that other area. Oh, silly goose. Just play the entire mission over again later, because you're stuck now. Once again, it gives you the feeling that you have no freedom.Overall, I like the game, I had fun, but it could have been more in it's own right."
76561198039154285,Not Recommended,239160,12687729,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Wonderer,No I would not recamend this game. I had a glitch happen to me so I could never open the great safe after I uninstalled the game and reinstalled the game 3 times
,Recommended,239160,9272258,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,VHS,"After updating my VRAM i can play the game, it's a little clunky at times but im enjoying it"
76561198060468098,Not Recommended,239160,9587064,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Gasoline,"I could not get into this game no matter how hard I triedBad AI, Unlikeable characters, too much like dishonored- the list goes on"
76561198017971525,Not Recommended,239160,9556206,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Draz,"Ok. I have been a long-time fan of the Thief series. I really, really, really wanted this one to be good. However, I have to finally admit, it is not a fantastic game. There are moments that are great, but a lot of it is crap.The worst parts are:1. Division of the city. Remember Metroid? How the game had colored gates dividing the areas? Thief is just like that, but with prying windows open. I really don't understand why. We have enough memory to load the entire city. I've seen it done in Assassin's Creed and a load of other games. Rather than feeling like a sprawling city, it all feels very cramped, with annoying loads between areas.2. Many of the elements are cut and pasted throughout. Hope you enjoy walking through a narrow corridor and mashing A to lift a log to progress, because you will do it at least 10 times.3. A lot of the humor is gone.I actually enjoy the new look to Garrett, and they have actually made a first-person stealth system that is pretty good. The addition of a ""swoop"" manuever rather than rolling to move from cover to cover is great, as is the ability to throw bottles to distract guards. I also like the free-running feel to it. It's too bad the entire game is executed so poorly."
,Recommended,239160,13160081,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sad_Pyro,dis gaem is good. but not so gud . but it have strippers so its gud. but is scary at 5th episode. so 7/10 good remake with hoes and strippers u know ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198132254758,Recommended,239160,10802739,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GGIndustries,Very nice game. I like the stealthness you have to do to complete.
76561197997370524,Recommended,239160,9357086,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Shoal,"I have always enjoyed stealth games, and thief is one of those rare games that so far has been an absolute treat to play. I am playing the game on medium difficulty and it's been fun so far. I am really enjoying the competence of the gaurds, for example them noticing opened gates, doors, ect. It has proven to be a real challenge, even on normal and i really am enjoying the whole atmosphere of the game itself. The story has been slightly predictable at least in the tutorial it was really predictable to see what was gonna happen.If i have a few gripes, its that the gamethey are really minor and i would be nit picking, i am having fun and enjoying the game, i'm curious to see where this game leads the series if they are gonna reboot the whole thing or what."
,Recommended,239160,9679307,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,[Alp²].PsychoZombieyyy,its a good game if you like stealthing but the story was kind of weak if you want to buy this game either wait till its cheaper or crack it
76561197986848884,Recommended,239160,9682081,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Nakhti,"This is a solid game with a strong emphasis on gameplay. Very good level and sound design. The plot is weaker compared to past games, and Stephen Russel is missed as the original voice actor of Garrett, but these are minor complaints."
76561198025796598,Recommended,239160,9687772,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Megacheez,"great game, finally the story of garret continues.  the the first real and still the ultimate stealth game :)going around killing people actually is additional challenge here this is a stealth game in haerth and soul.sneak around, scout your way in, move swiftly and silently and empty out the place. then quickly make your getaway withut being seen"
,Recommended,239160,10939720,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Skeeticus[C22],I haven't played a ton of this yet I have enjoyed every minute of the game. The ability to customize your experience and difficulty is awesome. Don't like the way they made the game kind of cater towards whiny carebears? Turn all that♥♥♥♥♥♥off and play as a pro old school Thief. Great game.
,Recommended,239160,10650699,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lancearon,that asylum level is rediculous.... you'll see...
,Recommended,239160,10752777,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Denak,great game if you like sneaking
76561198041104375,Recommended,239160,10763920,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,nestor,"Great game much like dishonored, but with its own unique twist. 8/10"
,Recommended,239160,10771102,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Snowmanner,This is a good game for people who have played Assassin's Creed and enjoyed them. The game has beautiful graphics and engine usage.
76561198085594684,Recommended,239160,10823685,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheDeadWillWalk,"I love the ability to go at the stages in different ways.  I don't typically do multiple playthroughs of games in a row due to lack of free time, but I couldn't help myself trying to get the predator, opportunist, and ghost rating on each level."
,Recommended,239160,9337305,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Juniper,"I'm a huge fan of the stealth genre. I'm the kind of person that would turn off the radar and watch guard patrols for minutes when playing Metal Gear Solid. I played the original Thief (The Dark Project), and don't listen to the fanboys. The Dark Project had way too much running away from monsters and delving into tombs and underground tunnels and not enough being an actual thief. This game is all about hiding from guards and stealing precious objects. You can make the game even more difficult by turning off the entire hud (even the light crystal). You can turn off the mystical power ""Focus,"" and even make resources cost much more, making you have to be more cautious with what you use.The story and voice acting is lackluster, but the previous games weren't all that much in that department either. But when it comes down to it, the gameplay is amazing and will reward fans of the stealth genre."
76561198049485270,Recommended,239160,9685509,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Nilkin,"If you enjoy playing free moving games, and stealth based games, this game is for you. While you have a lot you can do in the city, finding collectibles and secretes, the city changes as the story progresses so you will have a little bit of change of scenery in some places. You will be able to go back and play a lot of the storys as well to beat your high score, and Yes the game stays true to its story. So if you enjoy playing stealth based collectible games, I would definitly recommend this game."
,Recommended,239160,9354230,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,-Kidis-,The game have earned its name!
76561198027828967,Recommended,239160,10478796,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Sonic the 🅱edgehog,"I stole a cup worth 2 gold, I stole an ink bottle worth 600 gold10/10 would buy again"
76561198127426431,Recommended,239160,10655285,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,IssaDask,(Y)
76561198059188313,Recommended,239160,9378059,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,blaze1138,"Over the past week i have played Thief alot! I have also read more than a few reviews and i simply can not understand how people can give this game anthing short of a possitive oppinion. Negative reviewers seem to have had an unrealistic expectation of this game and its limitations in terms of console gamers.I have played and am a huge fan of the original games. However, Upon first hearing this game was a reboot rather than a remake i knew that things were going to be different, Garret would be voiced by a different actor and the story would be more than likely unrelated to the previous games. This is not continuing the original story but in fact starting a new one entirely.Yes Hamerittes, pagans and keepers do not appear directly in the game but  they are there in the shadows, ironicly apt for a thief game. The lore has changed which obviously annoys purists but in my opinion purists are doing nothing but holding things back. I never wanted a rehash of a classic, i wanted something new that i had never seen before.I would like to point out that i am not being overly blinded by the joys of this game, it does have it's flaws, but i challenge you to find me a game that does not. yet it has still been released with less bugs and glitches than skyrim has after a years worth of Ppatches.Even the original Thief games had thier negative reviews, and believe me i'm old enough to have read them. I didn't listen to them then and i inplore you not to listen to them now. Try the game yourself and make up your own mind, do not be dissuaded by the nay sayers. Hell, don't even listen to me, try it for yourself and make up your own mind. You are a pc gamer, you already have a massive discount from the console market, you could even wait untill one of steams regular sales and pick Thief up at a bargain.In my opinion this is one of the best games i have played in a very long time and one i will be replaying for longer."
,Recommended,239160,9628451,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Mr. H,"From the PoV of a gamer that enjoys modern stealth fps game (e.g: Deus Ex HR & Dishonored), Thief offers a unique experience with high in-game graphic fidelity. Unlike the examples I've mentioned, Thief does not provide players any form of superpowers (with the exception of focus power to help locate objects or enter slow-mo) that help players to breeze through areas. The main objective of Thief (is to steal and), aside from doing the plot, is to explore the area surrounding your hideout which is not greatly done in other stealth games.There are sure to be negative reviews for a title that has a long running history from fans of the original thief which is dissatisfied by what Thief (4) has to offer. A valid point that was made by these die-hard fans is the lack of alternative paths in most areas.The biggest charm of this particular stealth fps game, other than the explorable city hub, is the collectibles, which are not only well designed, but gives a satisfaction feeling to me personally as I complete each sets of collectibles. The collectibles itself have intriguing mini back stories."
76561198052885389,Recommended,239160,9682627,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,bettyb00,"Liked the game entirely, EXCEPT the pressure-cooker tactics in some areas trying to use  the ""W"", Shift  and space keys concurrenrt with the mouse.  This game does NOT lend itself well to high-speed jump turns.....  Damned frustrating.However, the actual sneaking/thieving thing is fun."
,Recommended,239160,13580122,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"People have their opinions - and that's fine.I've played all the Thief titles and loved them dearly, and just like the reboot of Deus Ex, this is a different game inspired by it's predecessors, not a direct sequel.The story is a bit hamfisted, but not altogether offensive, and it's rather unobtrusive as well.I can understand people being disappointed when comparing this game to their dreams and hopes of what a new Thief game would be, but like most things I think it's only fair to look at this game for what it is.And it's great.It controls smoothly, it looks great (minus a few bugs), and it has personality.sure the map is confusing, and you can't hide bodies in closets. But it comes down to one basic thing.In Thief, it's a lot of fun to steal stuff, and that's really all that matters.If you want some imaginary grand return of Garrett, who has never really had a personality to begin with, then keep waiting. If you wanna have fun stealing stuff in a beautifully dark world, hop aboard.I played the crap out of it on PS4 and am back for a second romp on Steam."
,Not Recommended,239160,16408988,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ＳＣＯＴＴＺＯＲＺ 「BITE ZA DUSTO」,"My review is for the first two hours of the game. This is the most boring two hours I have ever spent, and I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that the refund policy didn't cover back when I bought this ♥♥♥♥ing turd."
76561198144206563,Recommended,239160,17420509,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Alaskan Bear Boy,"I don't understand why so many people are upset with the new rendition of Thief. I, personally, enjoy the game a lot. Yes, it isn't quite as good, but it certainly more modern. The graphics are very good, along with the sneaking mechanics. Unlike the old one, you no longer move the speed of a snail when crouching, which I enjoy. The story is easier to follow, and there are many more levels.This whole ""can't jump"" buisness, I LIKE. Everyone seems to hate it, but jesus, this is Thief, not assassin's creed. There is actually stealth in this game, not parkour. Why on earth would you need to jump in a total stealth game?I must admit, I was upset with the addition of ""focus vision"", but hey, Assassin's Creed had that too. There aren't as many upgrades as in other games, WHICH IS A PLUS. It is still difficult, but enjoyable. You're able to put out lights by batting out the flame, instead of only the use of water, and nearly every house can be broken into and stolen.All in all, MUCH better than Assassin's Creed. I believe Dishonored is better, but only by a bit. Don't listen to the people that say you can't jump, because while you can't, the game is better that way."
,Recommended,239160,17652175,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,altrewin,"Tired of reboots that are worse than the original? Well... Sorry but this is kind of one of them. I say kind of because of this: if you compare it to the original, it's not as good. It's more linear, it has QTE's, it's just not Thief.BUTIf you forget that this is a reboot, call it ""Adventures of a Thief"" or something else, detatch it from the series (or if you haven't played the first 3, that works too) then the game suddenly becomes rather good.The atmosphere is fantastic, the controls feel good (with a exceptions like QTE and not being able to jump or use rope arrows when you want), it is a suprisingly good game! It's even better if you really do try to go for full stealth instead of confronting guards. And there are still some bits from the old Thiefs that carry over, such as using water arrows to take out torches, knocking people out and hiding them, and just generally being stealthy.The story is good, the graphics and art style fit well with the game and the audio (while unfortunately broken at times) is very immersive.Would I recommend this game to a hardcore Thief fan? Probably not, unless you can detatch it from the rest of the series. If you're new to the series, and love the stealth genre then yes I'd recommend it. And to anyone else I'd probably recommend it too. Just remember, try not to compare it to it's predecessors and let it become a game of its own."
,Recommended,239160,9271627,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Death Marine Primarch,"I have waited 10 years for this game and I am not in the least bit, disappointed.  It is hands down one of the greatest games I have ever played in my life.  I am recommending this to all my friends and everyone I know to get this game.  I love ever thief game, but this one is just so fantastic."
76561197976404001,Recommended,239160,9295548,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Zerkala,"you like combat, then ♥♥♥♥ off back to assassin creed you♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,239160,9316923,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Wombat,"Bad game, spent 50€ on it, played 11h just to realize how full of♥♥♥♥♥♥it is, uninstalled. -10/10If you get it for:50€ waste of money, 20€ waste of little bit less money, 5€ not a big loss if you have as much money as Bill Gates has, Free: just a big disappointment."
,Not Recommended,239160,9326993,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,tric,"So, your having fun,passed through chapters 1,2 and 3 with relative ease despite a few bumps on the way then chapter 4 comes along and when (spoilers) you go for the great safe you do the first few numbers then BAM it decides to throw a bunch of enemy is an unfair fashion towards you and they pass it off as a challenge,no its ♥♥♥♥ing not its just frustrating. Stealth game developers,DO NOT DO THIS i am ♥♥♥♥ing sick of this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239160,9350997,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Darkkillaz,"Pretty fun game, lots of things to explore and the story missions are interesting. One really bad thing about it is that the world is big, but you can't actually free roam as much as you would want to. Many doors, windows and alleys are shut and you can't pass through. 7/10"
,Recommended,239160,9351996,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,WatchMeMurderYou,"This game in my opinion is the best Squre Enix stealth game since Deus Ex: Human Revolution.  Dishonored comes last because that game has no challenge, even on the hardest difficulty. But Thief is superb. If you play this game with customized master difficulty, it's more than satisfying. If you play this game with 'Focus' on and with all the other casual features, then this game will be a chore. I love the environment of this game, it's so gloomy and dark. It truly does make u feel like a thief, on customized master difficulty, that is. I see why some people would be annoyed by every animation because it can get you caught easily, but i love it because its all about timing and it puts me on edge. the only thing i would like to see improve is more freedom instead of the illusion of freedom."
76561198068442551,Recommended,239160,9359540,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,dsturtz3,"This game is similar in some aspects to Dishonored, but it seems to have its own twist. I would highly recommend this game if you are into games that you can either choose to hide in the shadows totally unseen, or just go out and kill everyone in sight. This is a very versitile game, and even though the story is short, it has a lot of replay potential."
76561198046816203,Not Recommended,239160,9372441,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,2Edgey™,"I was really excited for this game and yes it's ""ok"" but most of this game should be fixed. For one the AI is terrible i can litterly walk right in front of a NPC and their like ""Where did he go"" or ""Did i hear something"" when clearly they should be able to see me. The fact there is no jumping in the game is just stupid i didn't have a chance to play the older ones so im not sure if you could in those or not, Like it would be cool if he actually jumped to the ledge when i press space bar or jumped to the rope when needed instead he falls off the ledge to his death.. I'm not saying this game doesn't have a good story cause it is interesting and i love the idea you're a thief and not out to kill every one like most stealth games.. The graphics, Are nice to look at but when the game just doesn't funtion the way it's meant to it's not worth it. For a $50 price tag i was rather shocked on how terrible most of this game works. To the fans out there im not hating on the series cause i have no right to judge on the past games but this just wasn't as good as it was hyped to be."
,Not Recommended,239160,9383689,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Afterswish,"Sound is a major part of the Thief experience - you use it to gauge how far and in what direction enemies are as you skulk in the shadows. But not in this game, guards walking in the street outside, sound like they're right in the room standing next to you. On countless occasions the guards outside and the guard stood round the corner in the next room, were talking at exactly the same volume.  Other times I didn't dare move into a corridor becuase I could hear two guards talking there - only to find out they were in the next street. This glaring error can't have got past QA, so I can only assume some idiot manager made this call. It absolutely kills the immersion in this game.  Wait until they patch before you buy."
76561197998108787,Recommended,239160,9685728,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Celtic Fool,This is an awesome reboot. You can immerse yourself into this world easily. Looking forward to some DLC!
76561198052938338,Recommended,239160,9774536,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,l270r2,I am a huge fan of the series and once again they have done a great job.
,Recommended,239160,9802657,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Beached Whale,The name of the game says what I do in my spare time. 10/10
76561198014673288,Recommended,239160,9834600,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,furiousrath,"Great game! Much like the original, but completely improved. It has its share of bugs but definately worth purchasing. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,239160,10233612,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Didgy,"The king of stealth games is back.Unfortunatley, it is no longer worthy of it's title.So many new stealth games have come out in recent years, that the only way for Thief to retain it's crown is to go back to what it did best, immersion, simplicity and a focus on core gameplay interaction.The plot is weak, and the use of stealth is all but optional. Any situation can be resolved with brute force and often has to be as the visibility range is binary, either your invisible or your seen, there's very little ""hey did I just see something"" to be used as both a warning, and a valid diversionary tactic - the same can be said for sound, smash a bottle on the wall to far away and you're ignored. Too close and you're spotted.Most of the game is spent waiting for an NPC to finish it's patrol route so you can time your movements accordingly.This is not a bad game, infact it's very good. It's just not very groundbreaking. It's nothing that we havn't seen in Dishonoured or Assassin's Creed and die hard fans of the series are likley to be a little dissapointed.Just once i'd like to see a stealth game where NPC movements are more realistic and less patrol-routey. Never in my life have I seen a security guard walk the same square route over-and-over, pausing to sigh at the same point every time. It ruins the suspense, almost entirely removes the threat of getting caught and relies more on the player to taking risks to have a chance of a reactive situation."
,Recommended,239160,10830998,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,This Puny Human,"I bought this game after finishing Tomb Raider, hoping that it would be as amazing, and SquareEnix didn't disappoint me. Thief is great! I am a huge fan of stealth style gameplay and that's mostly what this game is about; skulk around, climb rooftops, avoid been seen, take the goods and disappear. You can solve your problems with combat, if you want to, but direct fights are a last resort option, specially if you're playing in higher difficulty (I reccomend it, by the way; the normal difficulty seemed too easy for me). The map is big with a lot to explore and it get's bigger as you progress the story. I love just walking around the city looking for new places to break in!The graphics are good and the setting is immersive. You do feel the desperation of a plague ridden city, opressed by greedy rulers and their cruel guardsmen. It's always night, what's good for some burglary but makes the game way too dark sometimes; I had to adjust gamma to play in my bright living room by daytime and then adjust back by night. It's a small complain, though, that can be avoidable by playing in a darker room, if you're able.The story is compelling and you can complete side missions if you don't want to follow the main plot right on. There's also many collectables to search for, so completionists like me will have hands full. It's a game that always feels like there's a lot to do. I certainly recommend it!"
,Recommended,239160,9318250,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,{Freza}Enshift,This game legen... wait for it... dary!
76561198090527274,Recommended,239160,11026384,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Darqesque,"overall I think this is a great stealthy game,I mean who doesn't want to get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on game where the only time you have to focus is when trying to understand the A.I of the guards.jumpscaresstealthy parkour ftwshoot arrowsgreat imersive graphics9/10"
76561197971327377,Recommended,239160,10777692,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,exmilitary,"Personally I feel that the new ""Thief"" game has gotten a really bad rap. I own all previous versions of the game and have played them all.As many people have commented before me, the mechanics of the new game are dead on. While some have complained that it is too dark, I disagree. The new story takes place in a city that is primarily lit by torches and candles, which do not provide a lot of light to begin with. The shadows are very deep but if you notice, when you go deep into the shadows, after a few seconds your eyes become ""adjusted"" to the light and things around you brighten up a bit. This, in my opinion, is as realistic as you can get to recreating how your eyes adjust to the dark.The other major complaint I have heard is that the ""Hammers"" are not in the new lore. While this is regrettable, it is by no means a show stopper. Just consider this a new ""chapter/story line"" for our favorite thief."
,Recommended,239160,10859938,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,somaliman1965,I stole people's♥♥♥♥♥♥then ghosts stole my sidegirldeadass dgaf about that hoe fam
,Recommended,239160,11011850,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ShenTraX,It looks like Dishonored.... plays like dishonored... just more stealthy.for $14 steam sale... it was ... kinda worth it.
76561197973717108,Recommended,239160,10634012,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MizuShinobi,Awesome Game. If you like stealth and sneaking around stealing all the loot this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,239160,14426227,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Goon,this game didn't steal my interest 4.5 outta 8 pizzas
76561198025943689,Not Recommended,239160,14383554,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,sickboy7kx2,not 1 or 2 thats for sure. any way to get lookingglass back together?
,Recommended,239160,30042764,Posted: 19 February,all,General Kysieran,"As an ex deadly shadows player this game is underated!Gameplay is great and the navigation is not so crazy as has been made out. One section was creepy, missed alot of loot because of that.Story is alright but the ending feels rushed. Bit mystical story but so was deadly shadows in the end game.There are lots of side missions and secrets to find and lots of difficulty option tweaks if you want to make the game difficult."
76561198042183301,Not Recommended,239160,9554843,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,akpraha,"The absolute worst game in the Thief series.  Too many places where there's only one way to go, increased emphasis on fighting instead of thieving and staying undetected.  Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239160,10811586,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Drixzek,♥♥♥♥ing awesome !!!!!!
76561197992076896,Recommended,239160,10645290,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Duke Cheddar of Porkington,"Didn't have high hopes, due to all the negative reviews, but I really am enjoying this game.Strong 'Dishonored feel', but less fantasy driven.Great play style options and challenges to go with eachOnly found one bug so far, reloading cleared it upRuns decently well on my dated comp with medium settings.Glad I didn't buy it at release, but I'd say it's easily worth $30 (snagged it for $15 a couple days before the summer sale)7.5/10"
76561198118863261,Recommended,239160,10812870,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mythic Wraith,"Thief is an exstrordinary game. This is a 10 star game. Love the way you move about, choosing to be a ghost or a predator. Challenging? Yes, very much."
76561197996526337,Recommended,239160,10888794,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Test Subject 37,awesome
,Recommended,239160,9316532,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Pathduck,Very very good!
,Recommended,239160,9679128,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,AAAAAAAA,It's breddy good
76561198005242551,Recommended,239160,9349108,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,FinFTW,"I was unsure about this reboot due to the addition of the Focus 'magic powers', but was pleasantly suprised at how many ingame options you can adjust to make it just as hard as you want to make it.  If you love the old games or stealth games, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,239160,9685595,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Great enviroment, very immersive and fun... doesn't feel so much like the other games, but is fairly good.Other than that, the only thing that is a little annoying is that you can say that you'll feel like spending half the time playing a drawer open simulator"
76561198052295336,Recommended,239160,9685048,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,KrazyKris,"Steal, steal, sneak, sneak, run like a sissy girl from zombies and steal some more from the one legged man. Det er SÅ fedt et spil 8D"
,Recommended,239160,13696725,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Alex Ros,"I am 34 old & practically I grew up on original 1998-2004 THIEF trilogy. And what I have to say is that I am really enjoying this all new THIEF reboot. I really like really huge labyrinthine City hub with Basso jobs, Ector and Vittorio jobs, not to mention tons of flats open for curious explorers. I like game mechanics, focus, upgrades & trinkets; all of them are truly useful depending on what kind of play style you prefer. I really like level design, gloomy, cold, depressive, sore atmosphere. I like missions and all those tons of tiny secrets within each chapter, which you would have to find in order to collect 100% loot & collectibles. For me personally I like this all new THIEF reboot and I think this new THIEF is truly a new THIEF, a new game that stands on its own. I do not even want to compare it with original 1998-2004 THIEF trilogy. Here we have a whole new story and most important whole new universe with its unique factions, characters, legends, rhythm, style and frightening secrets. For all open minded gamers I recommend to give it a try,"
,Not Recommended,239160,15084761,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Promisha,"Ok. I played the early thief games and while not perfect they were pretty great and had multiple ways to go about things. This one tries to maintain that feel but kinda fails. There's an overworld that isn't really cohesive or interesting, a bunch of side characters we are given literally no reason to care about, and focus is best left off it cheapens the whole experience. It's not terrible - it looks great and it has a few smart ideas. But I just got bored - it lacks the sense of danger and exploration the earlier games had. I didn't personally like it but I know plenty do, so if you just HAVE to try it for some reason: get it on sale or from a humble bundle."
76561198097986598,Not Recommended,239160,14394689,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,L9001,"I never played any of the original Thief games and many reviewers said that the peopl who enjoyed this game most are those who hadn't. However I don't like buggy games that have awkward controls and boring repetitive concepts. Perhaps I was expecting too much, but this game is not worth the money in my opinion."
76561197960532969,Not Recommended,239160,14393374,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Personspeoples.,"Not Worth the Money at Any PriceIt's a game called Thief that isn't remotely like or as good as earlier Thief games.  I can't even be bothered to finish it and, frankly, am considering burning whatever part of my hard drive held it for fear that its insistent mediocrity will taint everything around it.It's as entertaining as a car accident.  Kill it with fire lest it rise to haunt the living again."
76561198052176604,Recommended,239160,14585540,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Shadowshard,"I didn't know what to think when i first bought this. wasn't sure if it would be any good or not. man was i ever wrong. love the play styles availible, not to mention the challenges to it. lotta fun, definetly worth the purchase"
76561198091961745,Not Recommended,239160,18516775,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,84 Days until Christmas,Very mediocre.
,Not Recommended,239160,18672669,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,「 Sleepy 」 (>_<) /,"This is just a huge disappointment of a game. It doesnt matter what platform it's played on, it's still bad, and so I think it's definitely a waste of money."
76561198067771967,Not Recommended,239160,18725110,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,🌚ꜱɴᴇᴀᴋʏ ᴘᴇᴀ,i quite bad game
76561198161624039,Not Recommended,239160,18755949,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,AcesUp,Boring
,Not Recommended,239160,18756768,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Speedcow,meh
76561197991847964,Recommended,239160,9265023,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Billybones458,I find this plays almost exactly like the previous thief games.  I'm enjoying it.
,Recommended,239160,9264228,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,poet,Great game - much better than the old Garrett
76561198067233168,Not Recommended,239160,14344652,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gator Skinnah,"Slow story, not that interesting. Quite boring."
,Not Recommended,239160,14266845,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,✟4²ºƒιиεssε✟°,It's ok I guess. It's like a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of Dishonored.
,Not Recommended,239160,14793604,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Pappa Gunther,"¯\_(ツ)_/¯╔══════╗║Mediocre║╚══════╝Fine game by today's standards, yet complete garbage in comparison to the old Thief games or Dishonored.Port Review:If you are looking for a decent and optimized console port, you might want to pass on this one. It is still plagued by console disease. I'v spent 2 hours optimizing via engine files, binaries and what not. Currently it runs well enough, yet has serious CPU overload issues. GPU optimization is ok.I must say, I'm surprised to see a city split into different parts that each require a loading. So the only way to get from one section to another is through windows or back alleys. Though loading takes only 3 seconds at most on PC, it is still not acceptable for a small map on PS4/Xbox/PC version. GTA V is like 50x the size of this and it had no loading on ps3/x360.Sounds in this game are sort of unpredictable especially in cutscenes. Sometimes it's way too loud and sometimes it's way too quet. On top of that you can also hear regular NPC babling arround while mission characters are talking, really great experience... Lip Sync is just horrible for today's games, it seems like the team who made this game never ever heard of it. Subtittles... let me tell you this, either they lag behind or you are presented with regular NPC lines over what you should actually be presented with. On the side note, I wish they wouldn't of used these cheesy qoutes like: ""You and me, we are quite the same."" Give me a break already...Story is unoriginal and silly. Gets old way too fast. I already knew the final bad guy two chapters into the game.Gameplay mechanics are horrible. Climbing feels cheap, you are unable to climb where you are not supposed to. Even if you could actually reach it, nope denied! Failed jumping mechanics, that sometimes do the opposite of what you were going to do. Combat is just redundant and feels like meh... I'm also wondering if it was nescessary to have so many action keys. Drop down? Seriously? Couldn't I just used a space for it? It does exactly the same animation on certain ledges. Crouch and sneak... That is like one and the same thing... To be honest I'v neverd used sneak. It is advised to use it in water, so that guards wouldn't hear me. But what's the point when my thief can dash over the water. Even more so I see no reason to use it anywhere else. Crouch is just too good, nobody can hear you anyway.Let's talk about loot. Is it worth stealing? Well no, and it doesn't feel nowhere to be satisfying. Same old crap in every house, same old tricks to get the loot. Find a safe combination in environment or documents. Lockpick most doors and locks. And if you are wondering what loot you will find most of the time, well... Golden bottles, forks, spoons and so on and so forth... Crap worth barely anything. But hey! You are forced to steal in order to get some pointless upgrades. Most of them are just useless and I could finish the game without using them.Verdict: It's just bad, no wonder it never met it's fans expectations. Feels like Squeere Enix knew it was going to fail, but had no desire to rework it and said: F*ck it, just release it already!"
76561198065570222,Not Recommended,239160,14914045,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,squeaky122,"played for an hr, messed around trying to get my voices to actually work... sorry if i cant hear/read the story im not even gonna give it a shot..."
76561198025440912,Not Recommended,239160,14639493,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,maktgalena,"I was very excited to play Thief, as I love playing sneaky and stealthy characters I was thrilled to find that there´s an entire game devoted to that (as Dragon Age left me more than disappointed when it came to the ""rogue"" class).I appreciate that there are moves and actions that are well made and well thought through, but overall there just isn´t enough variation to keep the game interesting past the first 10 hours.There are pleny of side quests, but they are all the same and the actions you perform are the same, which makes the game monotone to play.The storyline of a noble thief (whom in the beginning doesn´t want to kill guards) isn´t believable when you later on can kill guards as easily as stepping on ants. That means not playing a character...Also, the story of saving this girl, who went to an insane asylum and all, it just feels like a cheap Hollywood/Japanese cross over semi-horror story. The story is flat, there isn´t any character development, and the overall genre feels too often used to really become interesting.It would have been interesting to be able to choose which of the two main characters you wanted to play, and swap their places in the story line, but this game offers no customization or choices in terms of character. Fine, it´s a series of games about this one character, but I still think it would have been more interesting to create ones own character.The city you have to explore feels tiny, and after a few hours of running around, doing the same check-drawers-swipe-along-picture-frames-loot-loot-and-cut-wires-in-that-box-high-on-the-wall-close-to-the-ceiling-and-loot-some-more motions... it just feels smaller.Something else that makes the storyline feel lacking and makes the world feel even smaller is the very sparse set of lines NPC´s have to say. It all makes ""but then I took an arrow to the knee"" sound like the most profound and unique line ever.It´s like walking in circles.When playing, something that disrupts the enjoyment of the game is how evident it is that certain actions are trigger points. Person you just snuck by looting their bedroom and disarming traps around sleeping sound... activate the key objective in that house and all of a sudden the character is on high alert and running around looking for you? Yeah, doesn´t feel natural.Also, everything looks exactly the ♥♥♥♥ing same. No variation in the environment. All furniture, traps, and hidden loot is exactly the same, and after looting about 5 houses I was bored with looting for pens, letter openers, ink bottles, perfume bottles, cutlery, cups, earrings, bracelets, brooches, and candelabras. Would have been more interesting with a greater variation of items, and to have to go somewhere and haggle to get money for the loot, or to trade it for equipment, rather than having it turn to money as soon as you grab it.I get that the artists wanted THE GLOOM and doom feeling about the whole city, but come on... no colour even inside the houses? Clothing? With everything looking grey, all houses, furniture, and decorations looking very much the same, the game very soon become uninteresting. Audibly, visually, and storyline.I´m keeping my fingers crossed for another game for us stealthy character players. Yup, I´m imagining a Dragon Age 3 tailored to thieves... or maybe archers. Having archers as their own class is a long lost secrret to game devs... but I am getting side tracked.Don´t buy THIEF unless it´s for sale. Massively on sale. Like 90% off."
,Not Recommended,239160,14678348,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"I cannot recommend this game.  After playing the first 2 chapters I realize why I got it so soon after its release for such an astonishingly low price.The atmosphere is cool, but the story and gameplay are just.......bad.I keep going back and playing a few minutes but get disgusted with it and turn it off again.  I want to finish it, but I....I just can't.Oh god it's looking at me again..."
,Not Recommended,239160,14215572,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ayo,Bem meia boca. Vale a compra só se estiver em promoção
,Not Recommended,239160,15615929,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Chris,"This game caters to the OCD crowd and it really shows (there is even an achievement called 'obsessive compulsive'). Offering very little in terms of gameplay, substance and fun, however, it is hard to see how a game could possibly get more repetitive and boring than this one."
76561198095941028,Not Recommended,239160,15657925,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TheHamofDestiny,meh
,Recommended,239160,16802270,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TimeRuptured,"If you're wanting a game like the old Thief games, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. You WILL be disappointed.Now that I've gotten that out of the way.... I still like it. Yes, the old Thief games are better. Yes, Garret's character is... well, it isn't. Yes, it's INCREDIBLY linear. Yes, they changed several gameplay mechanics of the original Thief that I enjoy, such as the ability to jump. Yes, I like the old game(s) better...But I still like this. Why?Because it's enjoyable.It's most definitely NOT for fans of the series, but I went into it knowing this, and I still had fun.The core stealth mechanic of the game remains intact and is still fun, and I believe that's why I still enjoyed this game. In case you don't know, you play as a thief named Garret (depending on who you ask, a master thief). Your job is essentially to steal anything and everything you can and turn it into profit, which in this game seems to magically happen automatically. To do this, you must hide in the shadows, find a way into buildings, avoid the guards, and sneak out undetected. Sounds fun, right? Well, for the most part, it is. However, if you're familiar with the older games, this will feel lacking for you. What this game improves in smoothness and graphics it loses in freedom and overall gameplay. However, the basics are still there, and the basics are still fun. It's essentially a dumbed down version of the originals, with a bunch of polish on the visuals, far worse writing, and a strange overworld hub area (that I personally find annoying, but it helps with giving you a bit more freedom than the linear missions).Overall, I still found it a mildly enjoyable stealth(ish) experience. It's certainly not for everyone, but I still liked it. PIck it up on sale if you're interested. Or, if you want a very strong stealth game, and could care less for eye candy (or just want better gameplay in general), I highly recommend the older Thief games. I've only played the first (as of writing this; that'll soon change), but the second is supposedly the best."
,Recommended,239160,16884559,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,AvailEdits,"This game is really good it has a amazing feel to it if you ever want to try the game, the singleplayer story is really good and i recommend this game to you! :D"
76561198071805901,Recommended,239160,17147063,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Pxl Dust,Really cool game.
25654512358234537,Recommended,239160,16710339,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Weaponised Autimoid,Good game 8/10
,Not Recommended,239160,34112324,Posted: 8 August,all,Bill Nye The Nazi Spy,"If thief gained some sort of deformity from radiation poisoning, you'd have this game"
,Not Recommended,239160,19282703,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Thridehetess,"Bought this for $50, now its on special for $7.49You can understand my frustration"
76561198131257441,Not Recommended,239160,19101558,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Monkey_Samurai,"Terrible. Worst decision ever. Game worked fine past the 2hr refund period however I like to explore so I never got far to begin with. After a certain point game just crashes contstantly shortly after loading last save. The gameplay that did work was ok. So dissapointed though, I can't get it refunded and I can't continue with it. Tried to play it again thought maybe I would get lucky but nope... same issue. I would stay away."
,Recommended,239160,9265141,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Polarbear Bandit,I really like it but the only problem I have is the audio is not synced on cutscenes for me..
,Recommended,239160,9265197,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Princess Ronald Reagan 💟,"Thank you Square Enix for ruining the last good Stealth game, and turning it into a Dishonored/Bioshock Clone.With that mess out of the way, I'm a huge fan of the Thief series. Played & loved them all. If you take the whole ""nostalgia"" thing out of this reboot, it's not a bad game. Gameplay is pretty good. Difficulty settings are unique in that you can customize the difficulty multiple ways however you wish.It looks very Dishonorish to me though. Im having a hard time getting over that hump because of the nostalgia I hold for the previous games.The Voice overs are well done, including the new guy doing Garret. He's does the mannerisms well that I can look passed that.However, I miss the campy NPC voice overs. I want the horrible British accents back! Come on now. The Bear Pits? Remember the Bear Pits?Well the Bear Pits are sadly not in this game folks. Instead we have decent voice acting for the NPCS... but they're missing the old Thief NPC charm. It's more Bioshock NPC realism... very disappointing for me.Gameplay feels like Dishonored... sorry it does. The fact that Jump was replaced with ""Swoop"" eh.. It's not a bad mechanic. I mean it works well for what it does in many situations.  But Jumping is kind of always been in the Thief games. I don't understand why it was taken out for this one.The UI is a blessing. Very customizable. It doesn't get in the way. It's pretty easy to pick up early on. No steep learning curve here.Another gripe I have is no sword or attacks of any kind beyond the new & improve Take Down.... again very Dishonorish.. but it works I guess.Overall I can't really not recommend this game, based on nostalgia woes. It's a reboot after all. But apart from that, it's a decent game. If you get around it NOT being like the original Thief games, you have enjoy this one."
76561198041001796,Recommended,239160,9264215,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,kambiz007,i only have one complain the sound coming on and off hopw they fix it with update but other then that great game fun with amazing graphics
,Recommended,239160,9265165,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,SayOink,"Amazing remake of the Thief series.Though there are small differences, you still feel like the Master Thief. Sneaking, and making sure you aren't seen and such. The atmosphere, and environment, and the gameplay is just like the old series.I really recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a TRUE THIEF/STEALTH game to play.Do be warned, the combat system is lacking, because it is more about STEALTH than anything else."
76561198057279066,Recommended,239160,9264783,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jambar5547,Great stealth game
76561197972677569,Recommended,239160,9264730,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Karius,This game isn't perfect but it is definately worth a try.  I am an old fan of the original games and this is a nice addition.  I don't understand all of the petty complaints as I have not had pretty much any issues with running it and have been having a blast playing it.
76561198100827059,Recommended,239160,9264446,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,broccoliassassin,"Insanely Fun, impossible to put down!"
76561198098722616,Recommended,239160,9265175,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Eater_Of_Worldz,why the ♥♥♥♥ cant i play this this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i have been waiting for along time and everytime i start it up it goes to the loading screen for the first mission then shuts down the hole program get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together steam i didnt pay 50 dollar for a pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239160,9264838,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Backpfeifengesicht,"This is a great addition to the Thief series. It was a reboot with nicer graphics, better game play but never lost the feel of the originals. If you are a fan of the Thief series I highly recommend getting this game.If you are not a fan of Thief games, prepare to become a fan."
76561198024188754,Recommended,239160,9264914,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,JayWins101,it good
76561198023289605,Not Recommended,239160,9354027,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Sinnsvak,"Not only is the game riddled with audio-bugs that ruin any thiefing mood you might get into, but it is also unplayable on my 290x crossfire platform due to flickering and poor fps. I am better off with my older HD6870.Poor execution of game design. I wish I never bought this game. I know Nixxes wont make any money fixing bugs, so my hopes are not high, that my experience of this game can become any better."
,Not Recommended,239160,9358247,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Bob The 3rd,"Honestly, Dishonored is a better sequel to the original Thief games. Thief just doesn't do anything better than Dishonored, with worse combat and less enemy variety and smaller levels. Also, there are very few missions where the sole objective is to STEAL SOMETHING."
,Not Recommended,239160,9678224,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,56,"Fails in the sound, story, controls, level design, game mechanics and immersion departments. Also, it's badly optimized and the City is boring. A shame to the glorious Thief franchise. It's also very buggy, especially the sounds.The game feels like it was rushed and torn in to too many directions: rpg action game <-> stealth game, mature game <-> easily approached title.Not worth any money. I wish I'd get a refund."
,Not Recommended,239160,10115278,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,cbnicholson,"I stopped playing Thief because Elder Scrolls Online was released and now I have absolutely zero interest in resuming where I left off somewhere in Chapter 4 -   A spot in the game that all the taffers over at TTLG tell me is one of the best the game has to offer.   What bits I enjoyed playing in the game were the ones not kludged by Eidos who somewhere along the way decided to make another stealth game for the xbox and not former Looking Glass studios Thief players.  Your mileage will vary with this reboot I'm sure, but for me, it's meh.  I don't hate it, I don't love it.  It's playable, it's a stealth game, it can even be enjoyable, but it's not the Thief I loved from the late 1990's."
,Recommended,239160,9722985,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nosferotica,"I am a very long-time Thief fan.  I remember playing a demo when I got Tomb Raider way back in like 97 or something, and I was totally blown away by it because it introduced so much, especially in terms of altering the environment around you:  Putting out torches, moss arrows, gas arrows, etc.  It took stealth to the next level.  I've been a die-hard fan ever since then, getting Thief 2 and spending countless hours in Dromed designing my own levels.Then came Thief: Deadly shadows... A so-so game that eventually found itself being compared to Splinter Cell despite being the game that pioneered all the mechanics that made Splinter Cell possible.And here we are again with all the people comparing this game to Dishonored.  Oh well, there's people out there that think NIN covered Johnny Cash.So, to the actual game.  Maybe it's because I read all the reviews and stuff and waited awhile before actually buying it, but I admit TotalBiscuit's review is what really eased my mind:  anything you don't like about the game (aside from the lack of Hammerites, Pagans, etc) can be turned off and you can set your own difficulty.I'm playing on Master now, and only a couple hours in, but I like the game and don't see that really changing at all.  I think Square Enix did a good job, but I also really liked Absolution and find it one of the best in the Hitman Series.  I don't think at all that this is the best game in the series, but as a Reboot it's good.  I really like the collectible loot addition to the game, it's a really nice touch.  I will say the cutscenes are horrible but I don't know if that's a performance issue or not.  I don't imagine it is, since the gameplay has always been smooth but the audio finishes almost an entire minute before the scene is over.  I've dialed down the graphics and stuff and I see some improvement but I don't know why the cutscenes would be so bad while the gameplay is smooth.Now, bring back the factions from the original series and it will REALLY be Thief."
76561197963205359,Not Recommended,239160,9776091,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Miceweasel,Played this long enough to know I wasted my money. It just feels wrong.
,Not Recommended,239160,9834955,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,BaskyMasky,"No, THIEF, no."
,Not Recommended,239160,10222895,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Xograph,"Broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ spent 2 hours in the first room and after turning grahpics pratically off (even though i can AFFORD TO DO MAX SETTINGS), It still crashes constantly. I want a refund for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239160,10271844,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,StriderGordo,I thoroughly enjoy Thief!!! Great replayability!!! Amazingly fun game play value!!! Love the Graphics!!! Even if you've never played any of the other Thief games in the series you can still love and enjoy this game. It's Amazing!!!
76561198042325274,Not Recommended,239160,10375301,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Pyrogoat,"Let me begin with the good parts of this game, because they are far less numerous than the bad parts.The gameplay is reasonably fun, as far as stealth and theft are concerned. The controls are ok and the graphics are fine.The rest is a hot mess.The sections of the game that don't involve pure stealth are poorly executed, with comically bad AI, and a lot of long, boring treks through the same hub areas again and again. Some of the gear upgrades that would have been cool - like the rope arrows, are not at all cool since you can only use them in rigidly defined areas. The protagonist was apparently never trained to shoot at wooden things that weren't beams wrapped with rope. Wooden beam with no wrappings? Sorry!The audio is soul crushingly bad. There are frequent sound and music glitches, which I may have been able to look past if I weren't listening to the eighteenth guard in a row asking what they put in the ""sloop,"" which is apparently this game world's colorfully revamped name for soup. How clever.I still don't know, by the way... The contents of the ""sloop"" are more frequently discussed by far than any of the game's actual plot points, but are never revealed.It's worth noting, while we're on the subject of audio, that I was at one point attempting to sneak past two guards, who - due to some cruel glitch, began to have the same inane conversation, not once, not twice, but three times simultaneously. Each instance of the conversation was staggered by about one second, which created a cacophony of poorly written dialogue that smothered all other sounds. When the conversation concluded I breathed a sigh of relief, only to hear them start it again just moments later... and then again, and again. I was forced to murder them both or risk losing what little sanity the rest of this awful game had allowed me to preserve.Then there's the plot. It starts out with an intro sequence that wraps up by demonstrating that both the main character and his rival / sidekick are childish dim-wits who would rather get into a slap fight over who has cooler toys than pay attention to the occult ritual that is about to doom them all. I wish I were joking about this...The bulk of the game from there on out is filler plot, with silly excuses for mysterious things to happen and the occasional pointless character who is given way more screen time than they deserve. The main character's chief rival, for instance, really never goes anywhere from a story standpoint. He dislikes you, and apparently that is enough reason for him to relentlessly hunt you, even after he has lost any reasonable motive to do so.The ending was one of the worst I have seen in a game. Ever.To call it merely bad would be criminally understated. It was absurd... laughably absurd. A half-witted attempt to infuse a bad story with cryptic meaning, executed by a writer who could only have done so after suffering a traumatic head injury and enthusiastically huffing paint fumes.If the ending of this game had a face, I would punch it."
76561198044955849,Recommended,239160,10390291,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Garrett,"I love the game. The rope arrow im very glad they brought back. Jumping I miss as well as the ""Moss and noise maker arrows."" They could have done a little more different with the plot and to me focus was pointless. I don't really use it anymore because it isn't needed. The lighting could have been a bit darker and some spots like the bank heist near the guard leaning over the stone railing at the start has a spot that you can be completely hidden when in real life they would have seen you if they turned around. I also miss the inventory items like mines, gas bombs, etc. as well as the gas arrows. A lot of the weapons and tools that were throughout the first 3 games as well as the original Thief The Dark Project, wasn't in the reboot. I also didnt like the change with Garret's Voice. Stephan Russel does the best voice for Garrett. I did like that they kept Garrett's personality throughout the game. They never really explained what is the gloom, what its effects are or what really is causing it. It never says that its coming from the primal stone and the fight parts with the Thief-Taker General and Erin i think shouldn't have been put in. The Freaks.........I'd rather have the zombies but they are too easy to kill and sneak around and they walk TOO SLOW when they are not aware of your presence, but boy do they run fast when they see you. those are my only thoughts on the freaks."
76561198029444070,Not Recommended,239160,10454925,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Atom1453,This game is not worth your time and money the A.I. is won't be able to find you regardless of difficulty level. You could easily beat every level of this game simply by running through the level past the gaurds grabbing the loot and running back out. Without any degree of skill required as a stealth game it is fundamentaly broken. If you're looking for something similar but far better try Dishonored.
76561198026592654,Not Recommended,239160,10473016,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,zunxunz,"Really, it just doesn't quite cut it. It's not all boring, but so much less interesing than the previous episodes. And... most unfortunately another game that has succumbed to the consolification terrorism. The interface is clumsy and oversimplified, as if a keyboard only has 4 buttons and the mouse is only for 'hovering' over things. The game looks pretty good, but gameplay is just sad, even too linear for a non-open-world game."
76561198061687607,Recommended,239160,10483752,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SarkAsem,"Having finished the game, i can say that the storyline had too much focus on one area and not enough on the whole game. graphics are good but story needs some change, and more focus on side missions. It definetly is fun to play but I wanted to see more city... not enough open world."
76561198042322168,Not Recommended,239160,10497369,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ironsledge,Worth 10-15$ but very repetitive. Story line was disjointed & didn't quite connect the dots between gameplay & cutscenes.Overall: Not that great spend your money elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,239160,10499440,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Uzi Foo,"It's a bad Dishonored clone that pretends to be a Theif game.  Does nothing right.Story is bad, steath is bad, contextual actions every where, combat is QTEs.Not worth your time and money."
,Recommended,239160,10499554,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Zardoz Xerxes,"New Thief is amazing!I disrespected this game since the day it was announced and now I am deeply ashamed of myself!I only brought it because it was on sale and I wanted to see the ""car crash"" for myself!This hardcore Thief fan has been proved wrong!The graphics :) Are so good its almost painful to look at in 1080p!Also the interaction animations are the best I have ever seen and make the game very immerse.The gameplay ;) Captures the feel of the original game well and also adds some nice abilities, It's also nice to play something that isn't all shooting and killing or (otherwise pwning people).The audio :s Is ok... (The original games sound design was indescribably awesome so it can never compare).Some of the voice acting here is not the best and it can be quite hammy in places.Not ""Thief The Dark Project"" :( It really is not like original thief but... It does feel more like it than any other game since Deadly Shadows. In fact it's allot like Deadly Shadows and I would say that it's more akin to a sequel and evolution of that game rather than the original thief game(s).Missing elements :o There are a few things missing from the game that were also missing in Deadly Shadows such as the humour (probably just rats... Rats would be a bit 'o meat) and the supernatural element(s) (Zombies, Burricks, Apparitions, Haunts, Flying Sentient Water/Fire/Air Elementals, Crayman, Giant Incests, Tree Beasts, Pagan Ape Men) that were rife in the first game and seem to have lessened with each game thereafter. Also as far as I can tell they have also removed the usage of the word Taffer... The Taffers!If you like this game (and want to hear the word Taffer) I recommend checking out the original Thief games (available right here on steam)."
76561198040128028,Not Recommended,239160,10500640,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,hahahaweee,"Incredably disapointing in pretty much every way. Garret isn't as fun, black jacking is now a push button deal, the sound is TERRIBLE (you cant hear where things are coming from which is damn important), and just the whole thing is watered down meh"
76561197970724476,Not Recommended,239160,10509797,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Geek Boy,"Sadly, very poor remake of the original. The cutscenes, one-dimensional on-rails movement through the world, bad writing, repetitive animations, and Assassin's Creed-like climbing tasks eliminate the feeling that you are the thief, which was the main appeal of the game.  They would have been far better off doing an exact remake, just upgrading the graphics, using the same plot and same game mechanics.  I tried to give this a chance, but it both is not fun and really generic, especially when compared to the original.  Depressing they could screw this up this badly."
76561197967979521,Recommended,239160,10527377,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,pancakes,"This isn't a bad game, and it isn't even a bad Thief game.Cons:Loading screens. Yep! I hate those.Some scripted on-rails sequences. They last 15-30 seconds, and are typically funny, engaging, or story-driving. Not too bad.I'm not going to count visual lockpicking, ghost modes, glint/etc against the game. You can disable any of these features or ingore them entirely. Personally, I appreciate that the game offers a complex difficulty system for people who are not into hardcore stealth, I like it tougher, so I disabled the majority of upgrades/features/etc and played it as I'd play the classic Thief series.I miss the original voice actor out of nostalgia. The new one is not bad in any discernable way.The storyline is a bit of a tropes fest. Well, it's a video game. I can think of a half dozen that don't rely on some trope, macguffin, or other nonsense to advance the story. I'm a bit amused by the 'it's all about avenging a woman' bit. No; it's about being a master thief in a strange fantasy world. Yes, his friend and--what, intern?--does die, but Garrett doesn't even go looking for any information on her. He just starts taking jobs again, as usual, per every other Thief game ever. Along the way, he gets caught up in a larger and potentially apocalypyic scenario.This is standard Thief storyline material. Yes, it's a bit hackneyed, but honestly, what would you expect?My REAL criticism is the blandness of the world-building. A plague. Creepy stuff. A Baron who wants to use robots instead of people.OK, that's great and all, but I miss the really unique factions (the builders, the keepers), the backstory and lore (an ancient civilization crushed by a great artefact, living in the sewers, a shadow of what they once were).The elements that made the original Thief games so compelling and interesting--besides the often times glitchy stealth mechanics--were the strange and fantastical backstories.This game really doesn't have that; it is hard to tell now if it looks/sounds like Dishonored because Dishonored looked/sounded like Thief (through the lens of Deus Ex Human Revolution) or if it resembles Dishonored because the creative team got lazy. Either way, I do wish they went for a more original and interesting story/world over the mechanics, which function quite well, and are fun.All-in-all, I think this game will hold up, and be less disappointing in the future."
,Not Recommended,239160,15456862,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Gizm0u,Such a disappointment....
,Not Recommended,239160,24578637,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Blanche Devereaux,Awful.
76561197973785699,Recommended,239160,28047467,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dirk Diggler,Game is way under-rated. Great immersion and atmosphere.  Worth every penny.
,Recommended,239160,9334636,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,{CMD}=Pushka=,"I don't know what's gotten into all the reviewers, but Thief 4 is really, really satisfying. At first I was on the fence after reading all the mixed reviews, but I'm glad I preordered it just in time.Maybe it's the long wait, or the nostalgic fondness with previous parts, but, technical issues aside, I love it so far. The sense of traversing the rooftops on a dark misty night lit by windows and gaslamps while listening to tiles clicking, howling wind and distant conversations - there's nothing quite like it.Yes, the game is buggy, choppy and what not, but if you have the patience to deal with all these, Thief really starts to shine through. It's almost as if, like a citizen that hides his treasured posessions from whatever Garretts out there, the game somewhat conceals from you all the best it has to offer. But, as with the aforementioned treasures, it's all the more pleasant to discover.So, seriously, do give it a shot! And as soon as you get the hang of it - you'll be playing for hours.The game itself: 85%Technical execution: 60%"
76561198041724033,Not Recommended,239160,9344061,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Xpeditor,"Had high hopes for this refresh of a classic series. Sadly i was greatly let down. Let me make this clear, its not a BAD game, its just not a GREAT one. Non player characters to not take notice of your presance and the city feels dull and lifeless."
,Recommended,239160,9356903,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Psych0sis,"It's ""ok."" That's it.The main problems with it as a whole are:Horrible storysome characters are just GOD AWFULloading screens everywherenot as stealthy as I would liketoo many useless cinematics/animationLinear at timesHowever, I recommend it only based on one thing - The gameplay. For some reason, the sections that involve sneaking around and being a dickass thief are REALLY GOOD and FUN. Some of the levels are really good, like the ♥♥♥♥♥house or Baron's Mansion, while others are terrible, like the first and second levels. Side missions are also fun, because they're usually little sandbox levels that involve robbing a rich guy in his mansion. The controls are about what you'd expect, and you kind've get used to the SWOOP and contextual nonsense eventually.The only thing I should warn people about is that it isn't like the first three at all. If you're a big fan of the first three games, more specifically the first two, I'd recommend you dont get this right now. It's just too different and nowhere near the same quality as those two. If you've never played a Thief game before, however, I'd say it's worth buying to play. Especially if you liked Dishonored. All in all, I'd say to look up gameplay videos and try to gauge for yourself.P.S if you don't play on Master difficulty with the restrictions of no focus, no objective markers, and no civilian knockouts, you're a little wuss."
,Recommended,239160,9505198,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,NecroFeelya,"I was expecting a normal, stealth game, Then it turned into a horror game. Overall, 10/10."
76561197961733072,Not Recommended,239160,9567047,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,myrialux,Skip it.  Even the nods to the original series and the well-done atmosphere aren't enough to make up for the disjointed plot.
76561197970492246,Not Recommended,239160,10384405,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Hobo-Inebtriate,As a long time fan of the thief series I found this to be a major dissapoinment. It's not a terrible game but it fails to capture atmosphere of the original thief games. My biggest gripe is that you can no longet carry a short sword or dagger. I like to pick my enemies off as I go along and it's just not the same with the blackjack. Combat with the blackjack is also unsatisfying and best avoided entirely. Might be worth a buy during a steam sale but definitely not worth full price.
76561197970539287,Not Recommended,239160,10457309,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sarkon,"Bought it for full price ($60 I think) right before it came out because ""OMG IT'S THEAF!"". I love stealth games but this gets really boring, really fast. Trudging through the “open world” hub between levels and pointless sidequest filler is what you'll be doing most of the game. It's currently on sale for $15. It came out like 3 months ago. There is a reason."
76561198071501309,Not Recommended,239160,9661836,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Thyphonius,"Buy this in sale. It's actually not that good.Graphics are awesome!But i expected a hell of a lot more from the game play.Dont expect a smooth ness like assasins creed. It feels really stiff playing Gerald the master thief.He cant even make a 2 meter horizontal jump. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not!And while they make you believe it's an open world(sandbox kinda) you will learn that it is not at all.Story line...meh.Sound is good.But I'm a big graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, so that thankfully makes it worth my time.... a little....mmmm nah maybe not.Buy it when it hits 30$ or less."
76561197976051673,Not Recommended,239160,9686823,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,@$$Clown,"If you are thinking this is another continuation of the legendary master thief Garret and his fight with pagan, hammer, or mechanist think again. Story line is meh until the end, and then it is still nothing special. On sale this game is worth it, do not buy it full price."
,Not Recommended,239160,9749481,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Vhavoc11,Waste of money. Don't buy it.
,Recommended,239160,9775477,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Sparkyman₂₁₅,Steal♥♥♥♥♥♥and watch people have sex10/10
,Not Recommended,239160,10462458,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,caned,"There is no easy was of saying this, but it is complete crap.  Should have known better than to buy it at full price.  Clunky controls, sub par in all ways :("
76561198050154712,Not Recommended,239160,10488695,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Srgt. Futtbucker,I tried to get into this game. I really did.  But almost nothing that Eidos tries to implement actually works.  The game starts off strong with a really fun thieving mission and progressively goes farther and farther downhill.  The plot is ridiculous and (at times) downright comical when it isn't supposed to be.  Garret comes across as a prick and the guards and enemies are two dimensional characatures of bad guys.  The mechanics are confusing and rarely felt fluid.  The stealth is boring and extremely limited.  Altogether you can really do yourself better with just about any stealth game on the market.  6.5/10
,Recommended,239160,10547121,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,(-TN-) l0ckd0wn,"Probably the best reincarnation of Thief I've played, definitely as immersive as the first 3 and a good story so far.  Definitely a game for those that like to explore every nook & cranny of a map/level/stage."
,Not Recommended,239160,10813975,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,cwb8bridge,"Got stuck on the end of chapter 3 where there is apparently a common glitch that ropes wont always appear so you need to always try to carry max rope arrows. It was fun until this bit of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I had nearly completed the level without detection or takedowns (not easy). I've heard reports of similar glitches later on in other chapters. If it was a hard copy I would've smashed it into a dozen pieces and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. Nice job rushing out a PC version with unplayable glitches. Once again, I am disappointed steam still sells these games that have these types of issues."
,Not Recommended,239160,11971778,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,DiabolicalNinja,...
76561198109617822,Not Recommended,239160,9321737,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,bseeling16,"This game is horrible, I feel cheated that I actually bought it.  I would really like my money back.  I've unistalled this game faster than any game ever before."
76561197990833436,Recommended,239160,9359528,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Zubat Man,"Mayhaps it is not as good as the original,Mayhaps its is slightly buggy,Mayhaps it is slightly cartooney,Mayhaps it strays from the original story (Garretts eye is robotic damnit!)But... It is still a good game."
76561198078242605,Not Recommended,239160,9694329,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,yatsitek,"Save game issues, so don't bother untill they fix it."
,Not Recommended,239160,9828068,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Jeff Ghost,"If you are a stealth entusiast, like myself, avoid this game like plague. The dumb AI makes stealth feel like a bad joke. For example, there's a jewelry, and when you steal the goodies, the dumb guard doesn't care that the jewel display is empty, because you know, he's dumb. Even on high difficult they are dumb, once you are on a shadow, BAAAM, you're invisible. And there a dash called Swoop, basically avoiding detection is all about wooping from shadow to shadow, taking care to not run. If you don't run or stumb upon the light, face-to-face with a guard, it's all right. Just swoop your way.If you are looking for a real challenging Thief game, buy the older ones, or download a mod called The Dark Mod (basically, Thief with Doom 3 graphics and player-made missions). The first 3 games are waaay more realistic than this new crap."
76561197996253060,Not Recommended,239160,10467517,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,cireful,"I would suffer the non-existing story and the horrid dialogues, if it wasn't framed by an army of gameplay issues. The repetitiveness is staggering. The map is more confusing that useful. The minimap is horrendous; good luck finding anything. The environment forces you to go one of two ways (I won't bother explaining them, because both suck), which means that your creative ideas about getting from A to B will not help you against the constant work that is map travel.The 50th time I forgot where I was going and why, being unable to find a way to some side quest, even as the marker was practically on top of me, it hit me: this game sucks so bad, that I will not be able to finish it. I never leave a game unfinished, so chasing me away 30% of the way through is a serious engineering feat.I guess the problem is I never fealt like Garret while playing this. Or were even remotely interested in the story. If I was, I would see all the hardship of locating where I need to go as a skill, instead of tedious purposeless drudgery."
,Not Recommended,239160,10494569,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Cpt.Ragequit,Not a Thief game.
76561198076660615,Not Recommended,239160,10519444,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,[TWLC] Rustey,"Just finished the prologue and the first mission but I can give you my first impression:This is Dishonored 2.0. Not as good as Dishonored, wich in my opinion, was truly a near-masterpiece. Pick this up on sale maybe, otherwise I wouldn't bother. Buy Dishonored instead.But, as I said, I've just started playing so I will update this review later on."
76561197993008497,Recommended,239160,10547982,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chewybunny,"Many people are giving this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews because they are comparing it to either previous Thief titles or Dishonored. In the former, the major complaint is drifting away from stealing emphasis, and the immersive sandbox feel, while in the latter, the comparisons were made on advances made in the genre.It is wholly unfair to judge the game under those variables. Firstly, as an installment in the Thief franchise, it stands on it's own two feet as a great title. IMO, better than Thief 3 Deadly Shadows and I like it more than the Dark Project. What it tries to out do from the original Thief titles it does so in a way which may be alien to some players. The jumping, acrobatics, and action controls being some of them. With an introduction to a wide array of new abilities, realistic ones (further comparison will shortly made), and larger exploration area, the game had to make some of the controsl a bit complex. Admittedly, it was a bit annoying to get used to, but it flows fairly easily after 20 minutes of game play.Secondly, let's have a little bit of a discussion of it being compared to Dishonored a game I played, and enjoyed quite a lot. The two games share a lot in temrs of similarities, but those similarities are shallow at best. Both are set in an early industrial age/ victorian/ steam punk setting, and both involve a light amount of ""mysticism"" to take hold, although Dishonored takes it to the next level. Both share a back story of a ""plague"" that is ravaging the city and both have a dictator like antagonist to deal with. In terms of plotline, there are definite similarities...but how many times you hear this story: a chosen youth destined for greatness embarks on a world saving quest with the help of his plucky team...or, a wanderer in a kingdom full of intrigue and plotlines where the wanderer is the chosen one destined to change the course of history by slaying x...the story? Meh, poor variable to judge these games on.. Aesthetics aside, the diffirences start immerging in two diffirent factors: 1) immersion, 2) realism.In my opinion, Thief does a hell of a lot better job at making the game world more immersive. It is far less linear, the City being greatly expanded upon, far far more lore, hidden things and mysteries. And where as Dishonored had to frequently remind me that the City around them was in ruins and crumbling, pointing out rats, talking about rats, talking about the plague, for the most part the city remained lifeless. It didn't have many inhabitants, and that's primarily because in Dishonored the gameplay is linear. You return to a small tavern after each mission to recoup, but that's it.  Thief does by showing it to you, wander the streets of The City and you see life all around you, peaceful NPC Noblemen and Noblewomen,, rotting corpses on the streets in slums, people huddled up and suffering, whispering secrets amongst themseleves. In Thief the city is so crowded, it's streets so narrow, it's buildings tall an ominous, that it feels like you're constantly being chocked. You can feel the miasma in crawling, the fog, the coughing bums wandering around. In this sense, Thief is far closer to Deus Ex than really Disohonored, allowing a lot of explorable area for the player to walk around in.And realism. Let's face it. One of the first abilities I had gotten in Dishonored was that tele-jump ability which I have used over and over and over to get to areas and obstacles. I had near magic powers in my disposal, and honestly, I didn't feel all that vulnerable. Hell, even if I did get caught, and a bunch of guards attacked, I could withstand a good few waves before dying, which is virtually impossible in Thief. Garret in Thief doesn't have many magical powers. If any. The only ""magic"" he has is a sense, the ability to scan a room fo ranything usable or collectable. And a sense of intuition of when you're in light/darkness, when someone is aware of you and when they aren't. Hell, even the mini map is highly restrictive in showing you where you are.  When Garret needs to quick-tele somewhere he does a quick lunge, but it's still something you feel him doing. You see yourself move forward and if you run over anything that makes sound, guess what, it will make a sound. When you get arrows and tools, you have such a small amuont yuo can carry that it takes a lot of consideration to use it. In Dishonored I really didn't feel the need to use a lot of the items.So in essence, comparing it to Dishonored is faulty as well. If we were to do so objectively, we can conclude that they stand out quite diffirently on their own two feet.I say this, if you're expecting this to be Thief 2 with better graphics - it ain't it. And it won't be it, and I doubt you'd really enjoy it if it WAS it. But if you get this game and judge it on it's own merits, and not comparing it to other titles out there. It is ridiculously fun. Immersive. And enjoyable."
76561198052260157,Not Recommended,239160,10931761,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gray Fox,This game had decent graphics and an interesting array of weaponry.However it was laggy and confusing.The plot was hollow and unstructured.
,Not Recommended,239160,14495688,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dragon,"I had some high hopes on this game, but I got disappointed when I downloaded it and realized some of the sounds were missing... During the prologue there were literally no voice sounds, and while playing through the first level there weren't any voices of the guards who spotted me, so until I got attacked I had no idea I was caught. I can't find a fix for these issues so until then I'm unfortunately going to give the game a bad rating."
76561198122557169,Not Recommended,239160,32373358,Posted: 12 June,all,Satsuma,"The way quest markers are tracked make the game unplayable. The game is one consistant and large map devided by loading zones, but quest markers just point to the area of an unloaded map which makes actually trying to find your way nothing more than a frustrating journey of backtracking and wondering around. I keep trying to play the game, but this stops me everytime.Note:This is specific to side quests, the main quests are properly marked, but they do not make the same effort for side quests."
,Recommended,239160,9265519,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,El Poncho X,"Graphics are beautiful, again. Square Enix doesn't disappoint. It's not the greatest game on earth, but it is a good game. You will enjoy it. It is a STEALTH game, and it delivers on that. I truly LOVED the original games, and I feel this is reasonably true to them. The mood and setting of the first two were for some reason much more ""strange"" to me than this one. But that's not a knock on it. The point of the game is to sneak, wait forever for the right time to do something, and steal stuff. You will enjoy doing just that."
,Recommended,239160,9265740,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,WirtsLegs,"As a avid player of stealth based games (all Splinter Cells, the entire Thief series etc etc) I came into this game hopefull, but slightly apprehensive. I was scared it had been made too accessible(too easy) but I was eager to start so i selected new game...difficulty level: Master.And I was right, it was too easy...so I killed that game and checked out this custom difficulty setting...I disabled everything, made the game as hard as it could go and started the game. And I found what teh game had to offer, once the difficulty was tuned I think it shone...a true successor to the Thief games.yes there are a few hiccups like some voice being desynced with the mouth that speaks it, and the occasional drowning out of voice by the ""background"" music but all in all the experience so far has been phenomenal and I strongly recommend it for all fans of the genre."
76561198050155207,Not Recommended,239160,9288490,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Seroneth,"Honestly...I'm very disappointed. The game is super glitchy (and i have a decent computer) the sound cuts out constantly... subtitles wont work, no voice dialogue. I don't even know whats going on in the game. I called Thief customer support and they had me try a few things and nothing...still doesnt work. If a game wasnt tested before it was released it shouldnt have released...having this many issues right out is pretty bad. Seemed like it was going to be a good game...graphics look great...when I'm not freezing randomly....I run most of my other games with graphics settings all the way up and they run fine...this one...I can turn all the graphics settings down and I still freeze and glitch constantly. Definitely do not recommend this game. Not worth the money I spent...requesting refund."
,Recommended,239160,9314456,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,DoomerDGR8,"This game is not a continuation of the original thief series. Thief 3 was a bit of a shock but it managed to grasp the core essence of the original two before. This, however, is totally something else. For anyone who wants this game to add to the original lore, please DON'T. If you want a game with stealth elements and dark gloomy environments, you may buy this and find Dishonored a bit more interesting. I am a hard-core thief fan and this is a disappointment. No discussions there.As a just another next-gen game, this is a good example of big♥♥♥♥♥developers messing a potentially very good game. The story is beyond fubar. I only understood what happened after the first mission after I read the loading screen during the second mission. The cinematic movies are all messed up. No lip sync at all. No special effects. Mostly looks like game engine being used to render and recorded with added soft effect. The dialogs are all repeated. The citizens and guards keep repeating the same dialogs with erratic behavior if disturbed in-between. I’d love to NOT hear them at all. Just the footsteps would do fine. And also: there are thrice the number of guards then citizens. The game even at full difficulty is easy to beat. The mechanics and AI are easily fooled. Just stay in the dark. You’ll win the game. I’ve seen guards bumping into me face to face and then taking a step back asking “Who’s there?”Speaking of the dark, the dark meter is just a joke. I loved the meter in Thief 1 and 2. But then came Thief 3 and I was worried of the Unreal engine but it was a complete satisfaction! Thief 4 meter is just hilarious! Either you are lit like a sun or you are dark as the color black.The environment of the “city” is completely thief-unfriendly. There is nothing to do if you reach the top. There are just a few houses to break into and those too are small and weird puzzle-like with traps and switches. I’m still playing to see if there is some head or tail here.As I said before, if I stop pretending to be the original (fat) Garrett, this is a good game but the price I had to pay back in November is unjustified. And to add insult to injury, Steam preorders failed on the last second causing delays. I was playing when other people purchasing post release almost ended the game. I believe the price should be within a 20$ to 25$ range. The unlockable I received are hardly worth it.I now hope that they learn from this and actually make a good Thief V game. Going back to the original story and the (fat) Garrett roots: The real steampunk City, The Keepers, Hammerites, Mechanist, Burricks, Ghosts, Zombies, Graves, Catacombs, and the Mansions.4/10"
,Recommended,239160,9324773,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Dan,"Don't bother with other reviews from IGN and all those other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies. Especially when they say ""Dishonored vs Thief: Battle for best stealth game."" Honestly just play the game yourself, it's intriguing. Don't like it, fine. At least you experienced it yourself instead of someone else putting words into your mouth.In other words, one of my few favorite games of 2014 as of now. A bit buggy though, but barely noticeable."
76561198085984689,Not Recommended,239160,9326559,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Delixcroix,"This game is not bad. That being said I wish it was bad because it suffers from something unbareably simple. Thief is uninspired. I definitely feel I could have played it more and you know I probably will but after completing level 1 and the Prologue I can already tell you there isn't a problem you cannot solve by 1) Swooping or 2) Hitting it in the back of the head.These are the two main mechanics of this game and the guards seem to have a serious spacial awareness problem.I cannot give this game over a 5/10 the Storyline is boring me and the gameplay is boring me. I have had more fun with Sneaking in Skyrim and Metal gear Solid then I have had in Thief.  Metal Gear solid gives you tools that makes sneaking fun and cool and Skyrim Has better AI and Stealth mechanics in general.This price point was a bit outrageous for this finished product. I was expecting Deus Ex or Dishonored quality and Thief is essentially those two games sans Cybernetic power awesomeness, and Magical powers awesomeness.I can't recomend this game at this price point. Though 25 dollars or less would be fair. This game severly suffers from bad mechanics bad AI.But if you like hitting things in the back of the head you might enjoy it."
76561197965282243,Recommended,239160,9339460,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Hatch,"For a stealth game this is one of the best ones to play.  There's loot and special valuables to find and you can pick pockets.  Even though you're a thief you're a ""good thief"".  The graphics to Thief is really good.  If you like the Batman Arkham games, like an environment set in an old era or to be ninja-like you'll like Thief.  It's not really the same thing as the Batman Arkham games but the same feel, dark and stealthy.Pro:AdventureStealthOld time environmentGraphicsOpen world - go and come as you please, do quests in any order.Cons:Lack of testing from developers"
,Not Recommended,239160,10572377,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Goulderchauf,"You see all those winderful screenshots of Garret climbing around and jumping aroud daringly? Nope. Nope. Nope. You don't see that happening. Don't be fooled.Well except when you have to scale the side of the building but that's rare and carefully scripted.This game is extremely frustrating to play. You can't jump around freely, there's no ability to sprint jump towards ledges you actually have to go right up to the ledge and then jump up or down. Every move you can make is carefully controlled in this fashion, there's no real possibility to explore since you're severely restricted to where you can jump to as your'e required to be in close proximity before you're allowed to jump.Navigating the city ""hub"" is a monstrous pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ it's all broken up into different sections that all require loading seperatly. Whenever you want to go to another area your playing is stopped by a unecessary pop-up window that asks you if you want to ""go to the next area""? if this wasn't my intention then I wouldn't have looked at the door and pressed 'E' would I? Completely ruins the fluidity of the game play.One thing that will get boring very quickly is opening windows. Everytime you want to open a window Garret will look all around the damn thing before he pulls out his tool to open the window. If they removed this automated checking procedure and gave it to the player to check the windows then this might have offered a chance for the developers to implement some sort of cheap alarm system that players would have to spot and disarm. Wasted opportunity right there!Instead we have to settle with Garret checking the windows everytime. It gets tedious very quickly, I assure you!There's also no way to place a marker on the map so that you can find your way around. I've been trying to get to one part of the hub, the place with the stone needle monument, and I'll be mindblown if I can actually find my way there again!It would be nice if the map would highlight the different connection points between each segment of the ""hub"" but there's no such thing present at this time.The world is nicely crafted and looks as miserable as an aristocratic society would make it for the peasants.The voice acting is good for the main characters but the guards all sound the same, I think there's only 2 different voices that I've heard of so far. Cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,239160,10683273,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WildCat,"Really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, boring."
76561198063483090,Not Recommended,239160,10731711,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gaz,"If you want a good stealth game get Dishonoured instead. Skyrim has better theivery for anyone who is looking for it. Theif was dissapointing, tedious to play and mind-numbingly repetitive. It looked good and had some nice stealth plays and additions, but it just rapidly burnt out with a woeful story line and linear, repeating gameplay."
76561198001172508,Recommended,239160,11983253,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Alex,LOVE THIS GAMEMY FAV TYPE OF GAME
,Not Recommended,239160,12472750,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Eehee,"Looks horrific, voice acting is horrific. Can't reccomend it or provide much more input as I only managed 2/3rd's of an hour on it."
,Recommended,239160,21861225,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Betrix,"ok seriously, ♥♥♥♥ the asylum"
76561198180010681,Recommended,239160,24821174,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RevCarl,"I thought I would write a review about the game since, if you have been on steam for more than a couple days, you would notice just how full of people whining and people getting bummed or angry about the most insubstantial things these reviews are. It seems every other person has got to be the most jaded gamer ever. (Just as a side note this is my first Thief game so i am coming at it with zero pre-concieved notions) Anyways......I have really been enjoying this game. It is just what you would expect a game called thief to be. If you didn't think a game called Thief would be about stealing stuff and trying not to get caught then you should probably ""negatively"" rate your self. This game has great graphics, an immersive dark atmosphere and a pretty fun stealth system. You have a good amount of items/gadgets to choose from while making your way through the level and a few different paths to choose from. It also has a n OK rating system at the end of each level which rates you as a ""ghost"", ""opportunist"" or ""predator"" as well as telling you how musch loot you found out of the total possible among a few other things.So all in all I think this is a good game and am enjoying it so far. You can nitpick and jump on the hate bandwagon (which you have probably noticed is a huge trend among us gamers-One negative review and everyone feels that they now have to copy and paste) but I think barring that this is a stealth game you can really enjoy."
76561198117538816,Not Recommended,239160,24799994,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,VHS Copy Of Pokemon,waste of money
76561198048460258,Recommended,239160,30038919,Posted: 19 February,all,Ackara aka Leon S Kennedy,"I like this game alot but I haven't played the previous thief games so I have no comparison.Pros-Options, you can complete  a mission in different ways-Graphics, this game is beautiful-Atmosphere, it really feels like I am there.-You are a shadow, you can hear and see anything.Cons-Voices, sometimes the npc´s lines overlap or it sounds like an echo when they talk.-Sometimes I find the observation to be quite hard to use and I find the stuff easier manually.This review might be updated duo to that I haven´t gone very far in the storyline yet.So far I really enjoy the story and I find it intriguing."
76561198053673539,Recommended,239160,30275066,Posted: 2 March,all,valdorgift,it`s kinda slow in the begining but get alot better later on.
76561198129506329,Recommended,239160,27844101,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sleepy ace,"I don't know why people are complaining about this game so much? This game is my♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is actually REALLY fun? The story is great IF YOU ACTUALLY PAY ATTENTION (towards people who are saying the story is confusing)  -_-.  All games have bugs, I was actually scared to buy it because I was hearing that is was buggy, but I actually experienced very little bugs, like any game would. Reasons why some people are getting bugs isn't my problem. Maybe just a crappy PC. This is one of the best games I have ever played. Love the story, felt like an actual thief, the story actually blows your mind. Especially the end. Just get the game."
,Recommended,239160,9264791,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,draeath,"Seems to be a pretty faithful reboot - if you were are a fan of any of the Thief games, 1 through 3, this one's worth a look."
,Recommended,239160,9322706,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Schockh,"Thief has to be one of the best stealth games out there. Love the stealth features, I like going through and not touching a soul and just steal. Dishonored was fun, But not to this game. Only thing is no magic. But I love the the weapons, Gadgets, and I love the focus ability. The Parkour-ish movement in the game is pretty fluid. I honestly like the game alot. I don't belive the reviews. If you like stealth games, this a game to get. The A.I isn't that bad either. They will notice open doors, showcases, and if lights are out and go and re-lite them. I may be liking this game more then I should. Garret is also a nice character and I also like his little things he says in-game. (Which you can turn off) But I like this game and you should try this gmae if you get the chance."
,Not Recommended,239160,31549787,Posted: 4 May,all,Steel Sausage,Less than 20 minutes in and it has already crashed twice.I can't play like this.
76561197972445885,Recommended,239160,24509763,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Father Time,Great gameplay that turns into great story as well. 4 out of 5 stars.
76561197971858363,Not Recommended,239160,26094887,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sharky,"Audio is still broken after all this time which completely destroys the imersion.. The quick save/load is also sporadic where it will load an auto-save/checkpoint save instead AND overwrites your quick save which usually means hours of game play lost.  Sad, had great potential."
,Recommended,239160,19604759,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,GadMiuM,Great Game
,Not Recommended,239160,26224465,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Felix (The Indecisive),Scratching Bill Cosby's left testicle while lactating mountain dew is more fun than what this game has to offer.
,Recommended,239160,26307922,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hesthys,"If you want to satisfy your stealthy needs, this is the game for you. Leaving open doors, different walking surfaces, shadows - it all matters in this game. On top of that - the main character is just as you would expect him to be - snarky with a grim sense of humor. The beauty in this game is all the possibilities and side jobs. What you find in different houses can add so much life to your gaming experience. As for the difficulty (and this is the best part), you can customize it to all your specific needs! The game also lets you go about your own way of finishing the job. You can be full-stealth, a quiet assassin or a very, very, very angry robber.The only thing you might find irritable at first is the amount of time you'll lose trying to find your way. And some jobs have pretty well hidden entrances.All in all, this is an excellent stealth game. It has a dark atmosphere, clever quests and thoughtful obstacles. 10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,239160,16510088,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gift el cheater,Really good game
,Recommended,239160,16576854,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ТЫ ДОЛЖЕН МНЕ ЖИЗНЬ!,"Do not believe the negative reviews about the dumb AI characters blatant about linearity, etc. all subjective nonsense people who can not look at the world abstracting from his ego. In the game you can adjust the difficulty to suit every taste. In the new Thief AI is much smarter and more realistic than in the games predecessors, especially the 1 and second parts of the thief. Let me give a couple of examples, not to be unfounded: 1.2 thief characters did not react to the sudden extinction, or the lighting of the nearby light source with them, do not respond to door poltergeists, pitch-dark 1.2 thief is a guarantee of security, you will not see even if they look in the eye. This is just the most visible benefits of AI in a new thief. In fact, many of them, including those not obvious, such for example as the difference between direct and peripheral vision, everyone has his own measure distance, speed and brightness in which you may notice. I have no desire to refute all the nonsense that is written, so try to be more concise. Conclusion: The restart was successful in spite of the many small and not very nedochety.Budu expect to continue with greater freedom of action, with larger and more intricate locations (free world without downloads) and certainly an interesting exciting plot.ːyellowbeatːThiefDignity-interesting stealth-saturated atmosphere-for stealth, very exciting and dramatic story-""Adjustability"" difficulty levels.My assessment- 10\10"
76561198049759051,Recommended,239160,9286983,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dynamo (AUSTRIA),"Hi to all!Sorry this is my first review, so dont please complain!The good things about thief4...:+ New Story+ Old (Basso, Jenivere) and new friends+ Lots of Loots, Secrets and Lockpicking+ Like Thief Dark Shadows, with your own shelter (later in the game) and different locations to travel+ very good music and graphics (my opinion)+ motivating story and achivements+ flashes at thunderstorms have effects in the game....lighting+ many Options and (comfortable and challanging difficulty)negative points are...- Battlemusic is absolutly annoing, also as Erin.....- takedown is like TDM, walking behind someone and press Q, not like Thief 1 or 2- the Soundtrack in the Master Thief Edition is a poor joke, lousy 10 tracks and not even good ones?!?- For beginners, can be it very frustrating at first (Try and Error), but dont worry, you get used to it ^^Besides of that, Thief is a good game,sadly not a blockbuster like TDS or Thief 1+2 (i have all parts of the Thief Series, but iam not a fanboy) But there is enormous potential in Thief 4Personally Score: 8/10"
76561197960431441,Not Recommended,239160,14977825,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,JPMcWhiskers,"This is a competent sneaker with a gorgeous art style and a lot of technical bells and whistles.  I want to say this game won my heart like Thief 2:  The metal age, but it didn't.  Garrett is somehow different, I can't quite put my finger on it, and the world itself just..  Doesn't do it for me.Loading times, frustrating routes, and disappointing level design kept this out of my top 10.  I realize it's harder and harder for devs to appeal to broader audiences, but the new ""Quick move"" feature or whatever it's called just watered down the game in my mind.I found myself more frustrated than enjoying this game."
,Recommended,239160,21723285,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Creadosam X_O,"Stunning graphics, great story and gameplay. Totally recommended by me."
76561198031324041,Recommended,239160,19066951,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"A game that is underrated? I went in with zero expectations and had a blast.+ Lasted me more than 20 hours and still had misc quests over.+ Stealth game that delivers, i played it just like Dishonored.+ The fun of looting an entire city of riches and rare artifacts.- especially enjoyed robbing the City watch.+ Ability to choose your playstyle - You can go full out stealth, be an assassin or use the environment to take out enemies.+ Usually is dirt cheap on a sale. Picked it up for 75 % off myself.- The in game Map, frustrating and incomplete at best. Then there is the mini map with GPS (leave this off ruins exploration)- Many loading screens as you move around the city. Annoyed me often as i would sometimes force a window and then bam loading screen....Conclusion- Fun game that is worth a playthrough if your a fan of stealth games"
76561198134036543,Recommended,239160,19409158,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,nukiller3,
76561198073648603,Recommended,239160,18970091,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,[Daos]THA LUNATIC!,very nice game! if you played dishonored you know what i mean.
76561197986223876,Recommended,239160,21728494,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mr. Frippe,"I found this game very entertaining. Alot of varities of gameplay, tactics and secrets all over the world. I don't think i have much negative to say about this game since i enjoyed playing it alot. If you're one of those playeers in rpgs who allways pick the rogue/stealthy/sneaky character, THIS is the game for you!"
76561198031563699,Not Recommended,239160,14216930,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,blazingdeth,"The game ran ok. graphics were pretty good, game it's self was ok, my biggest problem was the games manditory registration, the registration requires cookies on your computer and basicly comes across as overly intrusive."
76561197993615419,Not Recommended,239160,14217366,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,tainted_wolf,"If you like the original thief games, DON'T BUY THIS. I was a big fan of the original games and this doesn't have the same feel or charm those did.That being said, it isn't a terrible game I just can't recommend it given my dissapointment."
,Recommended,239160,15600053,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Moonbear,"The only game that almost forces you to rob poor people. Which is completely unacceptable by the moral standards of the original protagonist.The only game that has blackjack AND hookers. It's Bender's dream actually.The only game in which you can steal city plates. And put them on the walls of your HQ. I thought only teenagers do that.The only game that eats all 8 Gb of RAM and 2 Gb of video memory completely (for breakfast), then starts eating swap file till my PC gives up and CTDs. It may take 2 hours or a bit more, but it happens all the time.This could be a long list, but I'm gonna sum it up for you. This game is very very flawed. Stealth is good, but light/dark system is broken, story is boring and stupid (except for 1 mission in asylum), skills system is unneeded and no optimization at all.Still I can recommend it. It has some fun from the original. But beware: you'll be hooked up at the begnning and bored to death at the end."
,Not Recommended,239160,15879467,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,mentatparadigm,"A solid ""meh."" The graphics are very nice on a technical level but there is no variety to the environments. The waypoint markers are borderline useless, frequently pointing to some location that you can't possibly reach with no indication of how you can get there. And while you can technically play the game with them disabled this is unviable as there are numerous times where the only way to progress is a single, non-obvious route.Stealth is pretty good with suitably tense moments while you're evading the guards. But the lack of movement options (especially a jump key) severely detracts from the experience. Unlike the previous Thief games, it never feels like you're finding a way into a location so much as you are following a path that the developers laid out for you.The sound mixing, as you've probably already heard, is atrocious. Voices from several rooms over sound like they're right on top of you while sounds you should be making are strangely muted. For a series known for it's impeccable sound design, this is especially egregious. The story is rushed, cliched, and forgettable, with Garrett himself having zero characterization beyond ""I'm a thief.""If you're a fan of the previous Thief games, there's no way that this will not disappoint. If you've never played them and are just looking for a stealth-em-up, try to catch this one on sale."
,Not Recommended,239160,16498984,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Seatbelt,Unintentally pre ordered this game Played it for 4 hours with 100022 crashesDidnt know about steam refundsNow im stuck with itYayAlso i feel its really repetitive
76561198042050997,Recommended,239160,16732080,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,The Scourge,"Really fun game, not much replay value unless you play it beat it and come back to it months later, but still really fun, great story line"
76561198065545417,Recommended,239160,16842715,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ralf the Huge,***** (of 5)Now this ist THE stealth game. You creep along a dark mistery London stealing things and following a really great story. I caught myself leaning to the left in order to see more around the right hand corner (I was disappointed that it didn't work). The grafics is absolutely great and you dive into an intense dark atmosphere.
76561198153219316,Recommended,239160,17254597,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Taylor Swift,"i think it's good ,get it if you think you'll like it"
,Recommended,239160,17245233,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,LN-Jeck™ ☕,"It's stealthy ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)+ Graphics are gorgeous, along with the atmosphere.+ The stealth mechanics are solid, it finds the right balance between fun and frustrating. So long as you are completely hidden in darkness guards can't see you unless they are standing right next to you. It can be unrealistic at times but it + + + provides for a much less frustrating experienceUpgrades are handled by stealing loot scattered around the levels and then purchasing upgrades through a vendor. However, you can easily complete the game without upgrades (only did 2)"
76561197983371473,Not Recommended,239160,25434945,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,rodster01,it keeps crashing very disappointing
,Recommended,239160,9265951,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Santalilcamper,Great first person stealth game with minor issues in the levels being a bit linear but all in all a very good game good graphic quality and a little glitchy but it just came out there are going to be patches of course so no need to worry about that very fun to play 9.25/10 will keep playing and would play again
,Recommended,239160,9330772,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Bandit Pants,"First and foremost, I must say that I refrained from reading reviews / watching any content of this game before I did my first playthrough. I must say now, after Master difficulty completion of the game, that most of the negative reviews are from those who did not have the patience to give the game a chance, or were too attached to the original games in the thief saga to accept change. I also believe most of the negative reviews are from those who have been conditioned with the ""fast paced fps feel"" with bosses and pvp and intense battle sequences. This is a stealth game. My first playthrough, I took my time, read the lore, explored nooks and crannies, turned off the waypoint indicator, and had one of the best experiences of my gaming life. I say all of this as a gamer, not as a critic. I am not a game critic, nor do I ever wish to be.This game is not linear after game completion. There are numerous side-quests and achievements to unlock that will keep you entertained and busy for hours upon end. Each chapter can be replayed after completion, so that you may play again with different options (no save, no knockouts, no focus, etc.)At every turn and chapter in the game I was thrown into a new experience, a new feeling, and had to discover new strategies to progress. Whether it was using water arrows to put out a wall-torch so I could swoop behind a guard and steal his gold, or to creep past a sleeping dog in order not to wake him and alert the watch-men who were waiting to take me down, every chapter of the game I had be fully engaged and thinking ahead.There are many puzzles in the game and safe combinations that can only be solved / found after exploring and finding the lore that unlocks them.Another thing to mention - the audio and graphics are incredible. With the music / sound effects being as crystal clear as they were, I truly felt I was Garrett, running around the City and looting everything in my path.Also - for those who don't wish to be ""babysit"" through the game - you can turn off / change many options to make it a truly challenging experience.My favorite chapter was the insane asylum, as I wasn't expecting such a realistic and ""spooky"" feel. It literally gave me goosebumps, and that's an amazing feeling.In summary, Thief may have received negative reviews - but I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who loves stealth-type games, immersion, and a great story line / lore that gives hours upon hours of gameplay and side-quests inside a beautifully crafted atmosphere. I give this game two thumbs up!-Bandit (A live streamer attwitch.tv/banditpants)"
76561198015597008,Recommended,239160,9354651,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Strigoi1958,still a dark stealth game where combat is best avoided. 9/10
76561197990592646,Recommended,239160,10860534,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jandarsun8,"If you go into the game hub and turn off a lot of the things that make this game, in my opinion, a little too easy like Focus then this is an awesome game. This game got a lot of bad press and there were a lot of people that just blew through it in the first weekend. If anyone has played the earlier games then you know this is about taking your time and not rushing through it.That aside, I loved this game. It supports AMD's Mantle for anyone running a 7k series card or faster so the frame rates are awesome, I was running at average of 54fps on a 7870 2gig card. The story line is pretty good and leaves off for another chapter in the game at the end. The very end is a little weak but getting to that point is a blast.I highly recommend it to anyone either new to the series or old ones alike."
76561198010709780,Recommended,239160,10900054,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,dicydico [FUG],"It seems to have become pretty popular to write this game off as a bad investment, but honestly, having played Dishonored and Thief: Deadly Shadows and enjoyed both, I don't see what the problem is.  Yes the guards are a little stupid, but that's almost a staple of stealth gaming.  In real life none of these adventures would be all that plausible for just that reason.There have been a few bugs, but the only one I had was purely cosmetic (Garrett appeared in the foreground in front of everything else regardless of whether it was appropriate), and I will admit that the controls were unclear at times early on in the game (the meat hooks being a prime example), however I found the city to be pretty atmospheric and the story not bad at all.  And of course there's the thrill of slipping out undetected after looting everything.  That carries through quite nicely.All in all I found it well worth the $15-20 I paid for it, and would recommend it without hesitation."
76561197970078168,Recommended,239160,10503476,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,hermetico,"RECOMMENDED.Well, I was afair to get this game, since there are very cross reviews but, IMHO, is a GREAT GAME.If you like stealth games (like Splinter Cell or alike), this is a good one to play (watchout!, not better than blacklist!).Is there room to improve the playing experience?. Yes, indeed. As by removing the repeatitive scenes when enter thru windows and alike.Easy? Hard?. It all depends on the options you set up it. At least, it has a mode for each need, therefore, you can go so hard or so light as you wanted.For collector junkies, there are lot of side achievements to acomplish, what adds some re-playing value.I'm following the main plot and getting anything is ""on the path"" and, it's interesting enough."
76561198018607362,Not Recommended,239160,14172838,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lt. Lowlander,More disappointing than Junior Prom!
,Recommended,239160,27449914,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DeadCrap,"A lot of people didn't like this game, but I think the developers made a really awesome remake. :D"
76561197972556427,Recommended,239160,24942119,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TaSwavo,I played the old games and then failed to play them (some ports to more modern computers were rubbish).This game is fantastic.Hits it right on the head.Sure - it allows for more combat - but it does NOT promote it - in fact it rewards stealth.I'd advise anyone with in interest in genre to go for it - and for ANY player of the old games to go for it and play it their way. This game give more options and so is a better game. But you still would find it hard to go aggressive all the time and it would be less fun :)
,Not Recommended,239160,18434612,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,The Guest,2/10
,Recommended,239160,29246044,Posted: 14 January,all,SAY10,"Despite all the negative reviews I really enjoyed this game, and I found it very entertaining. The stealth mechanics are great, and there's no problem with the visual quality, or environment. I really loved the dark atmosphere of The City. I've never played the classic Thief games, and I'm sure everyone was expecting a hardcore stealth game. Well, Thief isn't that hardcore if you don't want it to be, so casual gamers can also try it out without frustration."
,Recommended,239160,30130111,Posted: 23 February,all,David0vić,"I ended up enjoying this Thief reboot. It’s kind of disappointing that this game ended up getting so much backlash because I would really like to see a sequel. I can see what the developers were going for and I think they did a decent job. I thought the stealth mechanics were well implemented and made the stealth gameplay flow and feel very nice. I thought that the movement was very smooth and well-handled as well as the parkour. I enjoyed exploring the city looting people’s houses, doing side missions etc. This game has the biggest focus on actual Thieving than any other game in the franchise, it’s what you will primarily be doing and it’s very satisfying to see your gold go up from taking anything valuable you can find. I didn’t mind at all that there is an animation every time you take something which is a complaint that I hear often, it made the game feel more immersive honestly. As for complaints for me personally I think the story and characters could have been much better, the level design can feel mundane and generic at times, the game does start to get a little stale the more you play and I also feel that the final few stages of the game lacked compared to earlier ones which I think were much better. I also wish the game was less linear overall but the core gameplay itself I think works just fine.6/10 (Decent)"
,Not Recommended,239160,14405608,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,"I really dont know what to say about this game, but for me this game was bad, because there was bugs, glitches (game crashes, fell out of the map), gameplay was crappy and the story repeated itself.5 out of 10."
76561197966918205,Recommended,239160,15142314,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Evernight,"Expectations and nostalgia. These are largely the two reasons that this version of Thief doesn't have more positive reviews. Not everyone will like it - there's not a game in existence that can make that claim.I greatly enjoyed the original 3 Thief games, like many of the reviewers. I've played them all through a few times over the years, and they list as some of my favourites. When I heard this version of Thief was in development, I was certainly excited for it, but also suspicious of yet another redux, which is all the rage these days amongst developers, publishers and the movie industry.Anywho, one of my biggest concerns was the console feel the game would have.. which it does. It's one of the biggest leaps from the original games for me, but I can live with that.. it's the way of games today, even though I don't like it.The game has it's flaws, all of which have been voiced extensively in other reviews.. so let's have a look at the ones which I feel are important:1. Sound:This is the biggest issue I've come across with the game, and I know many other players have problems with it too. The sound is simply flawed. The quality is fine and well made, but it's buggy as hell. My 5.1 speakers are setup correctly and don't have issues with other games, but I have to have subtitles on because otherwise I'd completely miss 90% or more of the gameplay dialogue. Start a new game and you hear thunder with the lightning. Load a saved game and the thunder no longer plays. Hear two people talking from across the street, it sounds like they're talking in your ear. Hear guard footsteps right next to you and think they've got the drop on you.. they're actually two rooms away. Listen with headphones and hear voiceovers you haven't heard before through your speakers, but suddenly some voices on cut-scenes are completely silent. Someone dropped the ball when it came to setting up the volume of sounds depending on your distance from the source, and how the computer works out which speaker sounds should come from based on your setup.2. Storyline:A little bit lackluster and cliche perhaps, alot of people have ripped it apart for this. For me though, it's not a dealbreaker. I enjoy a good story in a game, but I also read books and watch movies, so I get my fix in those. It's not really what I play computer games for specifically, but I do enjoy a good story when it presents itself. I think it's easier to lose respect for the story if you don't have alot of respect for the game to begin with, which is probably behind most people's vitriol for it. it's neither good or bad.3. Characters:Generally speaking I didn't really feel engaged with the characters. They've tried to make them emotive, but in doing so I just feel alot of them are a bit whiny. I don't dislike the characters, but I feel some of their motivations and new backstories could have been done alot better and would have improved the game substantially.4. Franchise:It's pretty simple - if the original 3 thief games didn't exist, and this came out as a brand new franchise, it would have alot more positive feedback. It has it's bugs and flaws.. all games do to a greater or lesser degree, but you'll always have a tough fight on your hands if you have to contend with nostalgia. I didn't compare this game to the originals when I played it, which is why I enjoyed it. It's that simple.Overall:It's a good AAA title which has some beautiful scenery and level design. Lots of detail and alot of gameplay if you're a perfectionist or a bit OCD about searching every nook and cranny for loot. Well worth the money, just don't fall into the trap of comparing it to the originals, it's a completely different era of gaming. There are design choices they could have improved on.. certainly I didn't really feel like I was stealing loot to improve my lot in life, but rather just to get 100%, but that's how it is. The game could be better, but then it could also have been as bad as most of the reviewers bang on about, which simply isn't the case. Alot of work has gone into this game, so get it on sale (or not) and enjoy it for what it is :)"
,Recommended,239160,9653416,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,pesnt,"Great game! If you like stealth then this is the game for you!Has a very lengthy campaign and even has a bit of horror added to it during one part of a chapter; I've discovered no bugs at all and the campaign and NPC's are all designed very well! Unlike skyrim; when you shoot someone in the chest that person is alerted and will generally alert nearby guards as well, which will then cause them to spend quite a lengthy time searching for you; you're judged on your style at the end of each chapter depending on whether you're more of a stealthy player, a more head on charge in there and attack player or whether you mainly use the environment to your own advantage.Once I started playing I could instantly spot that this is a VERY well designed game and I would recommend it to anyone who likes  a bit of stealth and challenge!From what I understand though, for vets of the previous Thief series, this game is a disappointment. For me who has never played any Thief game before, the game was fine, so if you're not a Thief vet then I'd say buy it ;)"
,Recommended,239160,10694819,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kor'thara,"It's fun, alotta fun.. untill you get to the asylum, bout as far as I got then stopped"
76561198133994490,Recommended,239160,21738813,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lelando,"I kept seeing bad reviews for this, and wanted to add a 'Thumbs UP' to help balance it out.  It'll be kind of stream-of-consciousness at times, so bare with me.  I'll start, however, by simply declaring that I freakin' love this game!I'm not a huge gamer, by any means.  In fact, it's rare that I find a game I really like.  I really liked the original Splinter Cell games, particularly for their stealth gameplay, but then it got less stealthy and more shoot-em-up in the 4th sequel or so.  This is the first game I've found that is as good, if not better than, those games.  It's a lot better than the direction SC ended up going (I gave up early in Conviction, after being disappointed with Double Agent).   I keep looking for other stealth games that I enjoy as much as those first few SC titles, and this is definitely the best I've found.  In some ways, it was actually a lot better.For people who had problems with the graphics, I just changed the settings.  So what.  Even at low settings, it still looked fine and gameplay was fun.  And chapter Five gave me the heebie-jeebies so many times, I loved it!  Lots of great fun, and a story with twists and turns, and plenty of fun 'extra' storyline throughout the game, as well.The *only* thing I wish I'd had was an option to go from 1st person to over-the-shoulder 3rd person.   That was the only thing I'd probably complain about.  I've never cared for the 1st person viewpoint.Hope this helps some people who are being swayed by the bad reviews.  If you really love the stealth format, and you loved the first few Splinter Cell titles, but not later ones, you should enjoy this.  And you might find that, like me, you enjoy the setting and story a lot more, too.Highly recommended.  I just wish I had more chapters to do!!!"
,Recommended,239160,9260358,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,JackDaniels325,"Well to keep this review somewhat precise as possible I will attempt to give my first impression after related with my Lets Play – Thief live stream that I did. The video can be found here:http://www.twitch.tv/jherb325/b/506283680(Spoiler Alert: It is the starting point of the game.)First Impression of the game is a new and improved features menu that allows you to turn off different features you feel you didn’t want in the game. The controls can feel a bit hard to get around at times if you are planning to do a fast run through of the game or missions. After just running through the tutorial you will notice you were limited to just one means of a very narrow route.The game could still use more polish, and plenty more of testing in my opinion. But, there is plenty to be found in just the first hour of gameplay to let you know if you like the game or not. If you are new to the Thief series then you will more than likely enjoy this game much better than those that are fans of the series. While those of us that have played the Thief series before, will find a disappointment in a few more restrictions that what we were left with in Thief III. This game doesn’t leave you feeling like it has much replay value unless you are truly into Stealth and enjoy similar outcomes every time you play. I haven’t finished the game but I honestly don’t find myself coming back to play it very often or for long periods at a time.Is the game worth getting? Yes, but not immediately.If you wish for a Stealth Game that starts off close to the heart of the Thief series. Then you are getting your money's worth. But, hold off on any sudden purchases till you can find it for a discount or get it at a low price. Because, you are more than likely find yourself not wanting to play it for very long after starting the game.If you are still un-sure of getting the game and don't want anyone to spoil the game and story progressions for you. Check out TotalBiscuit's video on the game. He does a very good job of walking through some of the points that I covered in this review.http://youtu.be/xJS1yCSKlhs"
76561198202662390,Recommended,239160,35333136,Posted: 30 September,all,THIEF,nice game this game make i to be thief
,Recommended,239160,9567068,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,ES-KrissSuperV - (FTLOTG),"Great game. Great gameplay and stealth. very fun, though the main story line was a bit disspaointing. I hope people find out how to mod this game and somehow remake the original thief games on this, would be great.EDIT.I don't know what I was thinking when I wrote this review, but the storyline wasnt a bit dissapointing, it was so bad I don't even really remember what the story was.I still stand by the fact, the gameplay is great, it feels smooth and fun.they also killed the original feeling of the game, my thought: Theres not really any humor as the originals had, the originals had humor, didnt have sex or much language, but it still maintained a dark brutal feeling world. I feel the entire brothal level was entirely unneeded, and was obviously copied from dishonored, I don't like sex in games period, but I loved dishonored so much, they had a brothal, but they did it much more decently, the girls didnt even have to much skin showing. in Thief, theres a peep hole where you can watch people having sex just not showing the nether regions, but was still very detailed and uncalled for.they also filled it with language, F words and Sh*t's, which personally I can deal with, but, not a single use of the word ""Taffer"" which is like a main word in the entire thief series.Also, enemy types were awful. DOWN MIGHT BE A ENEMY SPOILER NOT SURE.there were only guards, a couple mentaly ill people, 1 ghost thingy ""you couldnt even see"", zombie ""like"" creatures. and some traps if you consider those enemy types.Don't expect Hammerites or Pagans. completly stripped from the game. the only referance to the hammerites was a cathedral in the background with a hammer on the window, thats it.Also didnt like that they added the random thirdperson scenes, especially sometimes when climbing a wall it turned into an obvious assassins creed styled thing.long story short.the problem with the thief reboot.thief came out and was a great classic.now.things like assassins creed and dishonored came along, and had some nice thief like elements and you could tell in some areas it was inspired.THEN!Thief returned, and wanted to copy them.but it failed and stubbed its toe in the revolving door that is the gaming industry.Even shorter story.Garrett stole the good parts of the Thief franchise.If your thinking of buying this and love the thief franchise, I'd suggest waiting for a sale.I pre-ordered this game for 60 dollars and even bought the booster packs. gg."
76561198058828212,Recommended,239160,17552413,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valentine,"This is not an action game.  Even for a stealth game the amount of action in this game is low.  Don't buy this game if your looking for more action than shooting people in the back of the face with arrows everyone once in a while.  The story line is better than I expected, but I honestly wasn't expecting much at all.  The gameplay is fun if you enjoy stealing♥♥♥♥♥♥and not getting into fights."
,Recommended,239160,26932277,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,acid rain,"If you like stealth games, give it a try. I played it for 180h and it was time well wasted"
76561198417612255,Recommended,239160,35235083,Posted: 26 September,all,INSANE DIGITAL VIRUS PERIDOT,IM A THIEF AND IM STEALING OTHER PEOPLES STUFF SO MUCH YESit has a great story to it and it gots the challenge mode i really like this game :D
,Recommended,239160,35384289,Posted: 1 October,all,Leonardo Watchヤメ,"gamenya keren anjeng , gk sia"" gw beli"
,Recommended,239160,9304526,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Delta,#1 Stealth Game!!! 8.5/10
,Recommended,239160,23884810,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GoFigure75,"I wanted a game that emphasized stealth sneaking, an interesting storyline/characters, and a twinge of gothic flare. This game nailed it. The main/side quests with the cinematics were exciting, and the levels allowed an elemant of replayability so to speak since you can complete them multiple ways.Although I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish, there were some tiresome parts. For example, not knowing where to buy items from since it isn't marked on the map. Then finding out the sketchy looking guy in the alleyway behind the bar is the person you have been searching the last 7 hours for. After I figured this out tbe game became more enjoyable.I highly recommend this game! :D"
76561197968104436,Recommended,239160,30594383,Posted: 18 March,all,Guerrilla,"Fun but it doesnt feel like a real Thief game, i had to force my way through it.Pros:Good GraphicsFun gadgetsSneaking, swoopharzards like dogs, glass and birdssome of the levels are well designednew enemies were goodcustom difficultyratings at the end of missionsGarretts hands looked nicesome unlocks and progression systems were goodCons:did not get the original voice actor very poor formVery weak and uninteresting storysomewhat linear in areas, seemed like I was fed down corridors in some areastraversing the city and mashing E gets old quicklymashing E to pickup itemsthe characters, replicated models for vendors and voicesclimbing mechanic could be way bettersome surround sound was very off, some sounds seemed very close but weren't etcnon contextual jump, its very inconsistant when trying to jump onto and off thingsrope arrows can only be shot at certain placesno sword or dagger, melee combat was fun in thief 2focus mechanic was kinda OPhaving to backtrack through the cityannoying map and markersAI was averageUltimately its a fun game but its really best to consider this one a good stealth game and an average thief game. The story and characters, especially the 'Thief Taker General' were so cliche. Toward the end i stopped caring about loot and sneaking past enemies and just wiped the last two levels out of frustration. The city was also frustrating, going through the same dull areas. It shined in some moments but they were fleeting."
76561198232641608,Recommended,239160,32765041,Posted: 25 June,all,МЕЧТАТЕЛЬ,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ игра ставлю 8 из 10
76561198096036405,Not Recommended,239160,17262882,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Wing Pang,this game is the worst game i've ever play.do not buy this gamei repeat do not buy this game
76561198116541798,Recommended,239160,23862449,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,lnl2007,"I know a lot of people, especially those who played the old Thief games, don't like this one, but I LOVE it! It's so much fun! The story itself could have been a little better, yeah, but overall it was a good game."
,Recommended,239160,19989847,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pvt,"Story is rubbish, lore is boring, levels are linear and enemies are stupid. Still played the hell of it."
,Not Recommended,239160,20254619,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,"I got bored quick, and the game is too damn dark"
,Recommended,239160,21548469,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Borokl,Awesome game!
76561198028571020,Not Recommended,239160,19430849,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,~Silly Ditto~,"Thief could have more freedom, but the atmosphere is dead on. AVERAGE~, but Dishonored is much better."
,Not Recommended,239160,19558985,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Logey,Can anyone run this game smoothly on something other than low settings?
76561197974318149,Not Recommended,239160,20188322,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,mneedes,This game is an example of what the new Steam return policy is made for.
76561198054977344,Not Recommended,239160,20483981,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,dgbellini11,Just one word: clunky
,Not Recommended,239160,20491545,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,guttermanek,"I played the original and the sequel. It was slow, extremely difficult yet rewarding. I compared all other stealth-based games to the original Thief (as well as Deus Ex).This game sucks. Suffice to say, there is nothing to do except ""mash button now"" and ""run in this line"". Great graphics, but that's about it. Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,239160,19739972,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Moo Strength,"Severely lacking compared to the previous games. I thank Feral for porting Thief to the Mac, but the game itself should never have been ported. The ending is attrocious, I've played some real stinkers in my time, but this one takes the cake as quite possibly the dumbest, stupidest, and most pointless ending in 30 years of video game playing experience.Seriously, since when did Thief become a horror/science fiction game? Whoever proposed this ending on the drawing board should be tarred, feathered, and forced to play Atari's iteration of ET for six weeks straight."
76561197972518312,Recommended,239160,19855416,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sergius,"Not a *great* game, but certainly not as bad as some of the reviews make out.  I found the story a little underwhelming, but the gameplay wasn't at all bad.  I doubt this will leave a lasting impression like the original Thief games did though.  Pick it up on sale is my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,239160,22425584,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Finxert,"Cons:-Super easy stealth even on the hardest difficulty-Brain dead AI-No real stealth-Stupid ♥♥♥♥ing ""QTEs"" to open every ♥♥♥♥ing window ffs-The town feels as dead as the AI-Really dumbed down-Ok storyPros:-Well there's a part thats very creepy and scary, horror really, scarier than outlast by far. Don't forget to explore everywhere when you reach that part-Cool useless parkourGood If you want a 1 hour ""horror"" experience, bad if you're looking for a stealth game"
,Recommended,239160,19318272,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,JФsephi KяФkФwski,eh
,Not Recommended,239160,19557805,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TRIGGERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,game feels like a bad xbox game and that is important
76561198093054323,Recommended,239160,21557118,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,"Just absolutely amazing. If you like spooky, taunting, violent... Thief games, this is the game for you."
76561198069030559,Not Recommended,239160,20070188,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,God,I played 1 hour and I can't ♥♥♥♥ing stand it! Messy controls and worthless voice acting!
,Not Recommended,239160,21931618,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Soulless Computer Boy,"Just go buy Dishonored, it's ten dollars cheaper and 100% better."
,Not Recommended,239160,21358793,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,oaa2288,Crashes every time I try to start the game.
76561198049483047,Not Recommended,239160,21650671,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Caterbomb,
,Recommended,239160,19262892,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ANZA | Melon Dude,One Of The Best Steath Games Ever!
76561198122191063,Not Recommended,239160,19324735,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kILLjOYY,"TBH this game is boring. It can be very confusing as to what your current objective is and its always dark and rainny and no people around and no sidequests really. Its first person camera is nauseating and you can climb over anything and everything you want to. Dont bother, it looks cool but you'll never play it."
76561198018912053,Not Recommended,239160,20558274,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Fook Yu 2,"Oh my god, bored to death with this game. Gave it a good chance, but story is bland to say the least, loading screens every 2 min, getting into house is a nightmare with E button smashing on every window, come on developers, you gotta be sane making games, at least listen to fans of the series.  I am running back and forth in the same locations trying to hide from the same generic guards (mind you killing them and leaving the area makes them respawn). Then I just decide to run past them as I cant be bothered at this point, so he gets his weapon, swings and hits me from 10 meters away, how???? I am already 3 houses away from the guard at this point. Arghh, game is utter frustration. Only good thing is the graphics"
76561198047485108,Not Recommended,239160,21097642,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,flapjack,It sucks.
76561198145121430,Not Recommended,239160,21255739,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MariusPrime,"For a 2014 game, it is really bad made and I had no fun playing it"
76561198049409305,Recommended,239160,21488605,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,thing not a person,"Oh honestly. People seriously need to start complaining that a game is too easy when they're playing it on a low difficulty. You can set the game to be crushingly difficult, for example by making it so that being detected, taking any damage or harming any NPC (even animals) instantly means game over. You can disable manual saves, or even play in ironman mode, meaning if you fail you'll have to start the entire game from the beginning. You can disable Focus (the magical ability that is the source of some annoyance) entirely, as well as each and every HUD element (including those that were present in the original games, such as items that can be interacted with being highlighted), though the latter can be toggled back on without starting a new game, which... I guess is an issue if you really lack self-control?To further address some common complaints...“AI is stupid!”This more than any other complaint reveals the complainer to have been playing on a low difficulty, at which the AI is decidedly nerfed. On Master difficulty, NPCs will see you at a great distance if you're in the light and need not be less than half a dozen steps away to see you even if you're completely hidden, if they're looking directly at you. They will note lights going out and doors opening and become suspicious (though won't register lights that have gone out while they were away). They are capable of concluding that there's an intruder even if they haven't actually spotted you if they for example see a door open that should remain closed, or repeatedly hear noises whence there should be nobody, at which point they will vigoriously search for you.“Levels are linear!”The chapters are generally divided into several areas and to advance from one to the next you'll always have to take the set route. However, there is usually a large variety of options into reaching these points, and it should be noted that the areas are generally as large as whole levels in the original games, in which all roads also led to Rome. Rather than being forced down a single path, my more common source of irritation was exploring a new pathway I found only to have it lead somewhere I had already been -- the levels generally contain a large number of hidden areas and pathways.And no, when I say several paths, I'm not talking about choosing between open combat or stealth, I'm talking about variety of stealth approaches. On higher difficulties open combat very rarely is even an option, as on Master takes a dozen blows to bring a single enemy down, and engaging more than one at once spells for certain defeat unless you can somehow bottleneck them. You may be able to take a few down with arrows, IF you manage a clean headshot on an unprotected point after taking several seconds to draw your bow, but good luck keeping that up, since quiver size is very limited -- starting at five on Master difficulty, and slightly increasing with two very expensive upgrades, the latter of which you won't be able to afford until halfway through the game even if you buy nothing else.“Garrett is completely different!”A complaint raised by fans of the old games, which is fairly odd, since it's a different character. The game isn't, as commonly is held, a reboot, but rather takes place centuries after the events of the old games. The old City perished in some great cataclysm, the Hammerites now forgotten save for rare relics found buried in the ruins beneath the new City build atop them, which many of the people complaining somehow missed. Which brings us to...“The story makes no sense!”To make sense of the story, you need to pay attention. You need to collect clues and connect the dots yourself. No one lays it all out for you. I only noticed some very critical details on my second playthrough, mainly thanks to now being able to connect them to others that still laid ahead. A lot is left unanswered, but I can't think of any two details that would contradict each other, and rather found it fun to speculate what the missing answers were. In this, the game if anything holds true to the originals, which were also very enigmatic in nature.Now for the complaints that are absolutely warranted:Sound design in lacking in many respectsThe game doesn't have good directional audio, which is a huge hindrance and a definite downgrade from the original games, as it's extremely difficult to tell where NPCs are just by sound even while they can easily detect you if you make even a little bit of noise. Many of the ambient conversations seem to boom out of thin air, and further repeat ad nauseam. The guards patrolling the City seriously only have one one set of dialogue per chapter, and they will repeat it literally back to back. This gets really old really fast.The game is very poorly optimisedI do not recommend you pick this game up unless you either have SSD or at least 8 GB of RAM. The minimum requirement of 4 GB only holds if the game is the ONLY program using memory at all. I also advice looking up tweaking guides to further improve the fairly abysmal performance.UI is unintuitiveThe biggest hindrance from modern games Thief has picked up is the controls having been developed on terms of consoles, meaning every function is tied to just a handful of keys. I can't even count the times I wanted to pick up an item, and Garrett decided to dock behind a corner instead. This is the reason I can't honestly recommend turning off manual saving even for those already familiar with the game: The chance of failing due to control misfire is simply too high.Despite the grievances, I still think Thief is a very good game worthy of revisiting. It's not the same as the old games, but then, if I want something like the old games, I'll just play the old games (or the Dark Mod). If you're not doing something differently, what's the point of even putting a new title out?"
,Not Recommended,239160,25841752,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,GeneralMcFatass (AkA) Retard,Nude and Puzzle... really those 2 are the worst things I know of please I hate this now
,Not Recommended,239160,22542745,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SinisterAshes,"I couldn't really get through to the end. I got bored halfway through it, very repetitive."
,Recommended,239160,24264764,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sajka,"I don't understand why, but I love this game. Yeah, there are a lot of bugs and defects, but I can overlook it when this game also has a wonderful graphics, fascinating plot, charming atmosphere, a lot of secrets and easter eggs. It's very addictive. You can infinitely play this game to achieve perfection. Now I collected all trophies, documents of all chapters, but I can't get some newspapers that disappeared in some moment and it makes me replaying this game, and after I collect all of this trophies, documents, newspapers, get all maximum skills and buy from the merchant all he has, I will try to get all the achievements in Steam! And, of course, I can buy some supplement to game like bank robbery. So, there are a lot of games that have interesting plot and atmosphere, there are a lot of endless games, but this game has both of this points. You can infinitely play and enjoy the mysterious world. After this words I can say: it seems to me that the game is underrated"
,Recommended,239160,22194745,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,r4kasha,"For every fans of Thief, I totally recommend this.."
76561197998525268,Recommended,239160,23337310,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Earthmover,"The original Thief was a unique and lasting game that I consider a top contender for my favorite game ever.  I knew the modern take couldnt hope to live up to that level of expectation.  While this game may not offer the options like Dishonored, it's definitely great to be in Garrets shoes again. I never did play the original Thief as a run and gun.  I would spend a long time in a single spot watching the pathing of the Hammers or Zombies to learn their routes and timing.  Listening in on their conversations provided entertainment while I watched from the shadows.  I played this updated version in a similar fashion. I can honestly say that the ""swoop"" maneuver is an excellent addition to the game and provides a unique feel. I dont blame some of the negative reviews.  They likely dont have a history playing the previous games and only want to compare it to Dishonored.  Thats their right but I would still recommend giving it a shot. I recently started replaying the game and still enjoy it.  Its good to hear your voice again Garret."
,Not Recommended,239160,20581974,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Duffin,if your a fan of the old Thief games then i wouldnt buy this.
76561198088885946,Not Recommended,239160,20991709,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DUSTOFF 46,"Maybe worth trying if on sale.  Was looking for something to fill the void after Dishonored, and it doesn't hold a candle to true greats like that or Hitman Blood Money.  The settings are drab and boring, the characters are flat and stereotypical, the dialogue is cringe-worthy, the mechanics are clunky."
76561198171146322,Recommended,239160,31514512,Posted: 2 May,all,Steve_Taro,"After seeing several negative review about this game, today is a good day to try it out with discount. Unluckily this game was released at the same era with Dishonored so it has a huge comparison between this game and Dishonored, but hold on! Thsi game isn't that bad. It is totally different from another game because the system was created to play carefully and fully stealth so if you expect to play to fight back - forget about it. I can say this game isn't that bad comparing to another stealth game, but you have to be a big fan of stealth game, you will sink to it. It is worth your money even itisn't discounted~~~"
,Recommended,239160,9263815,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,LordBlade,"Thief is an excellent reboot of the series that defined the stealth genre.This is a game about stealth, subtlety and misdirection. Observe the guards, find various entry points into buildings, figure out how to create openings to take advantage of. It's a game of true stealth, patience and planning.This isn't a parkour, ""kill thousands of guards"" game like Assassin's Creed. In Thief, if you get into combat, that means you've messed up. A true thief can get through the entire game without ever being seen.Enjoy a huge hub from which you can go on various missions, find rare and pricey loot, and upgrade your resources.This game definitely lives up to all it promised and brings the classic feel back in a new light."
,Not Recommended,239160,9274774,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,"Krulin, Internet Tough Guy","I've been a fan of the Thief games since Deadly Shadows. Not a hardcore fan, but I do love my stealth games. Thief is exactly what it says on the tin, a thief game set in a medieval'ish setting with some magic.The Good: The graphics are pretty good. Some dialogue sync errors, but I'm not too picky. The sound is rather nice as well, but it's mostly quiet. I'm not quite far enough to comment on how well rounded the equipment/upgrades are.The Bad: The ai is kinda iffy, but what game aren't they. They'll be some people who say they love the ai and some who nitpick it. Load screens...everywhere. The city feels really closeted. Lots of alleys and it's easy to get lost despite there being a map. Also, the only way I was able to make my way around was the little hud icons for where you needed to go. There's an option in the custom difficulty level to turn this off too. What the crap? It's hard enough to navigate the game with it let alone without it. I'm not one who needs a gps to get from my car to my front door either.The Ugly: The story, oh god the story. This has to be the most unoriginal story ever conceived by mankind. The plot could pretty much be summed up as Robin Hood with magic and amnesia. It's just so boring. It doesn't help that Garret has all the personality of a bag of rocks and so does about every other character. I just couldn't find myself getting into the story or characters at all, which really breaks a game like this for me. Some games, Loadout for instance, aren't meant to have a story. But, for a game like this to have a horrible story, it ruins it.I want to like this game, but I honestly feel like I'm going to play it and skip every cutscene. I love the gameplay (most of the time), but just despise how blah they made the story."
76561198021757575,Recommended,239160,9276488,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,If You Love Stealth Games This Is For You!!Never Played Any Thief Games But After This..Game Im Now A Fan!!
,Recommended,239160,9259128,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,nanodrummer,"I'm only a few hours in, but so far it's like welcoming back a dear old friend.I was worried with the highest of expectations i had for this game, and the mountig gloom of pre-reviews that developed for this game. I pre-ordered anyways. The first time I had ever pre-ordered anything in my life!I am a fan of the Thief series since day one. I love true steath games, open ended approach and thinking on your feet style that Thief brought. I know many people did not like this approach to gaming and wanted a more run and gun style and never got into it.Those kinds of people are probably the ones responsible for the bad reviews. To those Thie fans that feel that the hinting options dumbed it down, by now you know you can turn those off to make it a bit more of a treasure hunt.The reboot of Thief is all i hoped (so far) this game can be. It feels just like coming home, the world, the moves the sights sounds and techniques.. all familiar and comfy as a well worn leather hood.I havent yet found any frame rate problems, on my very modest machine...i3 2120 3.26 g ramGforce GTX6601920x1080"
,Not Recommended,239160,9277054,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Protricity,"Compared to something like Dishonored, where you can customize Corvo's abilities to fit your playstyle and there are a multitude of ways to complete each level (and even the game), Thief lacks any player agency what-so-ever. The story lacks any depth at all and is filled with bland characters (and hilariously bad lip syncing). To be fair, the stealth gameplay isn't all that bad, and those desperate for a shiny new stealth adventure may find something to enjoy here. As for me, the crushing linearity of the uninteresting and disjointed world of Thief is too great to earn my recommendation. I had more fun making my way up to bed in the dark after playing Thief than I did at any point during its benighted trudge across The City."
76561198084167611,Recommended,239160,23006007,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Vanguard,"I got this for 0.99 cents. so, i cant complain."
,Not Recommended,239160,9272133,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Poisonberry,"I was really looking forward to this game, since I LOVED the past ones so much.  The plots in the previous games were so good, and the atmosphere was stellar.  How could they go wrong?  Well, let me break it down:1) Easy Maps.  The paths through the level are similar to Half-Life, where there is only one possible solution, but without the creativity or size.  You can't mess up, go the wrong way, or explore the levels at all.  I really wish they would have looked harder at Assassin's Creed and Oblivion for how to make maps open and fun.2) Easy Guards.  Again, you can sneak by things so easily.  They are also idiots with a very easy pathing system.  Please make them more unpredicatable and smarter about how they are being manipulated.3) Overall Easy Game.  Why is it that game developers today are making games so damn easy?  Look at games like BioShock that had an excellent story, but if you died you could respawn 10' away and just keep going.  Seriously, make a game with a real difficulty that requires use of your brain.  Don't just make the dumb guards god-like and call that difficulty.  Go play Demon Souls for a while and you will see a game with a true difficulty.As much as it pains me to say it, skip this game.  They really made it for people that want little to no challenge."
,Recommended,239160,14117094,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,aleks,"Press ""E"" simulator."
,Not Recommended,239160,12495195,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Jeff,"Thank god uninstall button works on this game......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561197960410992,Recommended,239160,9260873,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xetura,"Well, I played the originals when they were released and I'm loving this game. The game puts a huge emphasis on stealth and is a lot of fun. I watched gameplay videos and came to my own conclusion before buying it.One of the best things about the game for me is the atmosphere and the sound. When you're creeping around a house, there is a real sense of fear. The fear of being caught. Because once you're caught(at least on Master difficulty), you're screwed. The music that plays when you're sneaking around is more about atmosphere than about being music. It really gives me the feeling of the original games.One of the best moments so far for me was trying to pick a safe next to a sleeping guard. If you miss a tumbler, you'll wake the guards and I nearly did a couple times.Other things that stood out for me were: I put out a torch to sneak around a guard. He noticed and re-lit the torch. That was unexpected and pretty awesome. Also, leaving doors open after entering a room can alert people that there's an intruder. This was one thing in the originals that didn't matter. I had to reload my game a couple times because this gave me away to the guards.This game is NOT about fast paced action. It's mainly about stealth and stealing things. The game is also a challenge on ""master"" difficulty. I haven't messed with all of the other extra difficulty settings yet, but the game can be made extremely difficult.Watch some gameplay videos and come to your own conclusion. That's what I did and I'm loving it."
76561198055061900,Not Recommended,239160,20984131,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,keitaro0905,"(TL/DR at end)This game was the biggest disappointment of my life. I do not exaggerate with that statement.There is no economy. You pick up an item, i is immediately creditedto you as gold. As a true thief, you would have to go to many fences and decide who would pay you the best, and you would have to haggle with them.Then there is the Lack of choices. You are basically playing a linear storyline, which os a waste for a series like this. You should be able to play through many different quest lines from many different people who have some kind of goal or secret scheme to be setting you up.And it's been a LONG time since I actually played, absically I quit after about a month after it came out from sheer disappointment, but if I remember correctly, the characters were so predictable and stupid, and then some random♥♥♥♥♥*spoilers- do not read ahead**spoilers- do not read ahead**spoilers- do not read ahead*monsters that were part of some weird plan? this game is all over the ♥♥♥♥ing map, and I basically refuse to finish it. I have basically stopped buying games because of this game. I now only buy games that are on sale because i don't want to pay full price to an industry that stopped giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it's custoimers a long time ago.Thank god for games like ARK and Fallout 4 that have renewed my faith in some companies, but this game almost brought my patronage to the industry to a halt, and I hope this company goes under for this filth.TL/DR: It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ they rushed it, they barely give you any options, the story's all over the place and inconsistent,  and the characters are dull. Don't waste the time or money."
,Recommended,239160,9333619,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ray76,"Pretty good stealth game. Story is not that awesome, but it keeps your interest till the end and then there is some side missions to do. Also liked the graphics, especially lighting and particles. Animation is damn good here - every action is animated and that allows you to feel the character.Open world in this game is not that open - city splited into diffirent locations which means you will get about 3-5 loading screens traveling from one side of the city to another. yeah, free roaming is not the best part in this game, but it's still ok.Good first-person view stealth game. I would give it 8/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,11106543,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,L0V3,ur not supposed to kill people int this game -_-
76561197970380355,Not Recommended,239160,24964946,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Pisha,"Very poor game, far too console orientated, the characters were bland, the story was bland, the City was bland, the whole game was Meh. Unmemorable and dull, found myself rushing through it just to finish it fast, the sign of a poor game."
,Not Recommended,239160,22683865,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Brandingo,Some parts are fun but mostly the most boring stealth game I've ever played
76561198035726780,Not Recommended,239160,33992958,Posted: 3 August,all,Malau,I've played Thief 1 and Thief 2 since 1998. This is NOT a Thief game. This is a pathetic attempt to curry favour with today's twitchy fingered teenage market. There's no freedom to try anything except what the designers want you to do.It doesn't even support modding ! The Thief and Thief 2 comminties are STILL producing incredibly detailed custom missions 20 years after their release !ANDNo Stephen Russell !!!!!.Just buy Thief 2 instead.
,Not Recommended,239160,19267222,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Blaggycat | hellcase.com,Worth about $5! Very slow and annoying gameplay! It feels like almost every movement is a cutscene. 5/10 would hide in wagon again.
76561197971187584,Recommended,239160,12368899,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,sjasun,LOVE THIS GAME AND DEADLY SHADOWS. WOULD LIKE TO SEE MORE LIKE THEM!
76561198171872845,Recommended,239160,30860593,Posted: 31 March,all,Killer Keemstar,Dank!
76561198058673837,Not Recommended,239160,33619194,Posted: 17 July,all,Sir Daniel Fortesque,2/10 this game is a nice way to ♥♥♥♥ up ur money for good.
,Recommended,239160,9265675,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Fiverglem,"for all those die hard fans of thief out there that are ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whining...shut. up...i have also been playing thief since the beginning...and ya know what...things HAVE to change...we are not running on 90's computers anymore...they needed to switch things up...make things a lot dofferent....now there are a few things that they could improve on yes....but that will happen with any game...and to anyone that says this is a knock off of Dishonored....♥♥♥♥ off....do your searching, thief came out in 1998...LONG before Dishonored did....if anything Dishonored ripped off of thief 3....anyways...thats my opinion...great game...of course buggy...it JUST came out...they will fix everything up in the time to come"
76561198007355543,Not Recommended,239160,9288877,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,eno_gib,"Severely underwhelming from the start.It looks great but the game is so focused on animation that it undercuts any feeling of emersion.One is constantly looking for the one spot in which the one available action is possible.You can't even fall off most ledges, the game won't let you, there will be an invisible wall preventing you from jumping down a plattform except in the exact spot that the level designer wanted you to jump down and this causes problems.For example I got stuck in a pipe, because i was suposed to use a quick takedown on a guy 2 metres below me, but I waited 5 secounds to examine the area, by then he had walked away and there was no more way to get out of the pipe, I could not walk over the ledge or jump down, I had to reload the level.So in the end you are left just allways trieng to find the one way the designer wanted you to go about robbing the city.Even on the highest difficuly setting, no guard can see further than 2 meters in the darkness allthough they appear brightly lit to you.Which I guess is good because the levels are tiny, far smaller than the previos thief titles.One particularily dissapointing aspect is the lockpicking mini-game.It's the most boring i've ever seen and this was a surprise to me because the developers of this game also made deus-ex human revolution which had the best hacking mini-game I had ever seen.Other Stealth & Explore games give considerably more freedom of movement like ""dishonoured"", ""assasins creed"", ""deus ex"", ""hitman"" and even the older thief titles, let you roam about large areas taking in the atmosphere.In thief you are allways finding an invisible wall that blocks you from jumping from a rope or ledge or keeping you from climbing or corner-peeking.There are some good ideas like the awareness levels of the guards or that caged animals act as a sort of alarm system but they do not really come to fruition.Another positive thing is the polish, usually modern games are brought to market only half-finished and there are tons of bugs and errors that one has to endure in the 1.0 version.Thief seems to thankfully be exempted from this rule, I have yet to find a major bug.As long as you are following the prescribed route at the prescribed pace, the animations are good-looking and finely crafted.Inside rooms movement works well and nicely polished, but try to move across/around/under barriers or objects and you will be reaquinted with you're old best friends those bloody invisible walls!To summerize;It seems like watching a movie and having to constantly press some button for it to keep going.It's a nice movie, with awesome special effects but nevertheless not a game experiance.If you like the story watch someone's playthrough on youtube, this is just dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,239160,10465456,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gordog_Frohman,"this game killed my mother, and then it killed my father, and then it killed my sister, and then it killed my cats, and then it killed me."
76561198046994963,Recommended,239160,9639150,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,AccessDenied,"First things first. This is going to be very long and very detailed. So I will give a short answer for all those who hate reading or don't feel like you have the time to read a very detailed fanboy review and then a long answer for those that are curious of the opinion of a person who considers the Thief franchise the greatest single player franchise ever.Short Answer:Yes. This game is worth getting. If you're a new comer to the Thief series then this is a game you should check out if you are a fan of the stealth genre. If you're a fan or fanboy of the Thief series, this is worth adding to your collection regardless of if you end up liking it or not so you can complete your collection of Thief games.Long Answer:~~!!!POSSIBLE SPOILERS!!!!~~This is where it's going to seem like I'm contridicting myself. It's going to seem like I should by all rights HATE this game by the things I'm going to say. However, I'm going to be intellectually honest and tell you in the same breath, the game is still worth getting and playing. I wouldn't blame you either way if you paid full price for it, or wait until it's on sale. I'll give my list of reasons I feel the game is good with the positives and what I think is wrong with the negatives.The Positives -1)Exquisite Ambiance. When it comes to the actual gameplay, there has never been a game that has sucked me into it's world as much as this one did. When you turn down the lights, crank up the volume you really get an absurd realization of this game. From the city to each and every mission... especially the Moira Asylum!2)The addition of new Thief Tools. Your original tools in Thief were basically just lock picks. In addition to the lock picks, there is a wrench, wire cutters and a razor for your thieving adventures. All these are crutial to become successful and to fully experience the game. Each one offers a new unique experience to the game that I found to be an excellent addition.3)The Swoop. This is such a cool feature that it makes me want to smash partical board with my testicles in a single thrust! It's a unique ability that gives you a visible / physical sense of what sets you apart from your average thief. It's EXTREMELY useful in almost every situation and in some cases, is not without risk. So use it wisely!4)The addition of collectible loot. I just found this to be a cool feature they added. It's a visible accomplishment of your work that gives a sense of accomplishment.5)Customization. There is so much customization from the HUD to the difficulties in this game, it's almost overwhelming. You can add everything that's important to your HUD so it's easier for you to keep track of, or make it 100% dedicated to gameplay. As far as the difficulties goes, there are 3. Rogue, Thief and Master all of which adjust the AI of the npc's and also certain restrictions as you increase the difficulty. All 3 of these difficulties can have custom addon's added to any of them. There are too many to list here, but know this, there is quite a few. So if you're looking to personalize your experience, look no further!6)Focus Ability. This was another good addition to the game. As with the swoop, this is another visible ability that really helps you feel / understand why you are considered the master thief! This ability highlights area's or objects that might be of interest or things you can interact with. Garrett's ability to recognize things that would be invisible to most others are the stuff of legend. As well as being able to see in the dark far better than others.7)Upgrades + replayability. I felt I should include both of those in this one. Because you can't purchase every single upgrade there is in your first playthough. Unless you hack the game, it's just not possible. There are a lot of cool upgrades from weapons to stealth to armor and focus. This game has extremely easy setup for replaying. So when you've earned enough money to upgrade what you wanted. Head right back to the mission you want to play and load it right up with your new stealth boots or massivly powerful bow!The Negatives -1)Not using Stephen Russell for the voice of Garrett! I willNEVERforgive Eidos Montreal for this! Their rebuttal for this was they wanted to have a 100% geniune experience of motion capture with the stuntman they used for Garrett. While this is a corporate rebuttal that sounds pretty and looks good on paper, it still holds no weight with me or with purists / true Thief fans. Why? Garrett was never a face. Garrett was a voice... or a shadow with a voice, however you choose to look at it. This is the utmost WORST possible betrayal to the Thief franchise and to us fans of this legendary series.2)Bad writing, lip syncing, storyline and very unlikeable characters. The lip syncing in so many cutscenes is just way off which makes it pretty annoying to watch and really pulls you out of the immersion of the game. The storyline was just extremely bad... I don't want to go into too much detail so I don't give away the farm with spoilers. However, the storyline really has no satisfaction where there should be highs and lows. Nothing about this story sucks you into the storyline to give you the rollercoaster of emotions that a good story gives you. The writing in this game creates extremely awkward interactions between characters. You find yourself saying ""Umm... why did she do that? Why did she say that... wait, what???"" The closest thing I can equate this feeling of awkwardness to is when you walk up to a random group of people in a social situation, and try to include yourself in their conversation with a lame joke. Or talking to a woman, who's clearly not interested in you or what you have to say, about why you believe Elvis is still alive. The characters emotions and their lines are just... lame. Between the bad audio that overlaps other audio and the bad lines each characters are given, instead of getting normal dialogue, you end up listening to a symphony of weirdos. The main character Garrett is very noticibly inexperienced and, I dare say, a grade B voice actor.3)We were lied to. Eidos Montreal said in several interviews that they were trying to stay as true to the original series as possible. If you played the original games or know anything about the original games, you'll quickly realize how much of a bold faced lie that was. I imagine it is the similar feeling that you would have when your wife tells you that you are the only man she's ever been with. Then when your baby is born, it's a different color. It turns out that there are bits and pieces of the original game spread out as... I guess you can call them cameos? They kept the names of some of the original characters, Garrett, Basso, Erin... You see a hammer on a cathedral, a tip of the hat to the old hammerites. Out of 183 hours of gameplay I heard the word ""Taffer"" twice from listening to random conversations near windows. There is a drunk by the name of ""Lenny"", an indirect homage to the old character ""Benny"". The Trickster was mentioned one time by Garrett. Without playing the original games, nobody knows who the f*** the trickster is, which is another example of the bad writing, because it makes people go ""Who? Wait... did I miss something? Who is the trickster?"" While there are a handful of others, the point is, nothing about this game is ""true to the old series"" like we were told. Utterly disgraceful.4)New game mechanics. Gives a clostrophobic and linear feel to the game. Like your hand is being held and told exactly where to go. While I do not dislike these new mechanics, I perfer the old mechanics better.Well I'm out of room to type. I didn't realize I had limited characters. There is a ton more I could say, so feel free to add me to find out more."
,Not Recommended,239160,10454386,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Vash108,Boring. It feels nothing like Theif.
,Not Recommended,239160,25397849,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,The One Fri3nd,"At least the game lives up to the name, the game stole my money by hype."
,Recommended,239160,32929978,Posted: 28 June,all,Passive Bot,Stealth game.
,Not Recommended,239160,9266689,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CHRUN,boring game play experience(2 hours game play is fair enough to know whats going on)boring storythis game looks like 2 years ago(poor graphics)
,Not Recommended,239160,24617431,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,demoreo21,"I bought this game along with a bunch of other games like tomb raider, and Alien: Isolation, and i have a mac, so i figured that the games might not be the best quality and/or run that well, but i'll still be able to play them. So i installed Tomb Raider and Alien: Isolation then i launched them, and they said, ""you mac doesn't reach the minimum requirements to load the game. there might be glitches."" below that messsage there was a ""quit"" and ""run"" option i ran both of them and only encountered a couple of minor, fixable glitches. i finished both games and have 47 hours on Alien: Isolation, and 20 hours on Tomb Raider. But when i install this game, Thief, which takes 2 days to download, the same message comes up. except the only option is to quit the game. so that is $30.00 wasted. I should be able to at least launch the game, even if there is a chance to encounter glitches, like the last 2 games. so if any DEV'S are reading this, make a launcher update so even if you are under the minimum requirements to run the game, you can accept the facts that you will run into glitches.ALSO, IF YOU HAVE A MAC, DON'T BUY THIS GAME, IT DOESN""T LAUNCH ON MAC, EVEN THOUGH IT SAYS IT WILL.*Update:I installed a virtual machine, then installed this game on it, and now that i can actually play, i can review how the gameplay is. It is a little repetetive, and thats probably why it only has decent ratings on the steam store, but the repetion is usually fun, and it is relaxing if you don't have anything to do. all in all, i would rate this game a 7/10. It has good graphics, (even though on lowest video settings and resolution, i only get about 10-20 fps) and the story is somewhat interesting."
76561198067907833,Not Recommended,239160,23810030,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,「 POISONED HIVE」,So linear you might as well call it a play
,Not Recommended,239160,22292224,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ø,"Poor dishonored clone, don't buy"
,Not Recommended,239160,22846293,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,sunny_muffinz,Taffer!
76561198014327015,Not Recommended,239160,10460741,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Tarz,"TL; DR: It's a poor man's Dishonored. Go play that instead.Stealth is linear, no melee weapons, very little imagination in level design. Movement is stilted and awkward, lacks engagement and fluidity. Story is average. Game is relatively pretty, however lighting effects can easily fake pretty. 2/5"
,Not Recommended,239160,19262113,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Greg,"This isn't half the game any of the first three were. I was so excited they were reviving the series, but it was unsatisfying."
,Recommended,239160,28578221,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Buttlet32,"I bought this game so me and my ex could play a video game together. I controlled the mouse and she controlled the keyboard. This game taught me that single-player games are single player for a reason.When two people play a game meant for one person fights start, because one person has more power over the other everytime. In my case it was me wielding the mouse. Don't do this ever. Learn from my experience. There is a reason she's my ex and this is why."
,Not Recommended,239160,14902944,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Regigigity,SO MANY BUGS UGH
,Not Recommended,239160,12369091,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,blogsg1,"Gets annoying very quickly, tiresome and boring."
76561198136603310,Recommended,239160,11963424,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,marshalldaniel906,theif is an excellent stealth based game. The there are many ways to complete each mission and many tools that can help. the interactive environment and hidden treasure mean you have to keep an eye out. there are many side quest to keep you occuppied even after you complete the game. it was overall a very entertaining game.
76561198056696257,Recommended,239160,23545577,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nature Loving Cholo,"I don't get te people giving this game bad reviews. It's honestly pretty great. You  sneak around at night, break into houses and perform heists, perkour through the rooftops, etc. People are angry at the ""forced action sequences"", but those are actually fun for me. Also, it doesn't really borrow from dishonored at all, if you think about it. little to no combat, no blink, only magic power you have is the eye, you have almost no combat capabilities, the stealth is much more refined, and all in all it's just a much more immersive game. I find it fun. The story is intriguing, at least to me, although I'm only just finished with chapter four. There are also people saying that this Garrett acts nothing like the original one because he shows emotion towards people like Basso and Erin. The thing is that this makes sense, considering that number one, this isn't the same Garrett. This game is technically supposed to be a reboot, so it's okay if the character isn't exactly the same. He's still pretty damn badass. The only thing is that you can't parkour *everywhere* only the places that it lays out for you. Which is still plenty of places. Get this game. It is good game."
76561197970348079,Recommended,239160,9329880,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[EoX]Lysil,"A very enjoyable experience. This game allows you to take your own path, like Splinter Cell, go full stealth, quite stealthy, or just plain run and kill/knockout (that's boring). It would have been nicer, like previous Thief games, if actual objectives had to be made, failing which, would mean a start over or checkpoint restart. Eg ""Do not kill anyone"" ""kill at least 5 guards"" etc etc. You can do these during the missions, but you are not penalised, you just gain coin for completing them and are given a summary of Ghost, Opportunist, Predator.Some nice touches with upgrades and trinkets to give ability boosts too.Great looking, atmospheric, but i do hope that all these poor people who paid their money and are having a terrible time getting the game to run and running smoothly, get it fixed so they can enjoy this new, polished, Grandfather of a game that inspired the likes of the mediocre Dishonored etc.Not a bad attempt, story is ok. Now what we fans need are at least the 1st 2 redone with these latest graphics ;)"
,Not Recommended,239160,13146154,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tom Foolery,"Awful game. The topic of the game is interesting, but it doesn't live up to the hype. Terrible story, sneaking around gets boring after awhile and you just wonder why you're still playing. The looting and store part of the game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Trying to find your way around is half the battle in this game, not to mention the roads in the game and beyond complicated and stupid as ♥♥♥♥.,"
,Recommended,239160,14369600,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kaos,Before I had this game I had planned on buying it at release for xbox but I never got around to it. I wish I had with the occasional jumpscare here and there its a thrilling game. i love parkour games and this is a nice on aswell as a action. All I wished for is the combat to be a bit better
,Not Recommended,239160,28482796,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Flake,"Look I realize this review comes in with an extremely low amount of playtime, but hear me out:If I wanted to play a clunky first person shooter with weird controls set in some weird dark ages AU where all my actions feel like they take a full second after keypress to perform, I'd play Dishonored. But you know what Dishonored has that this game doesn't? Compelling characters, decent graphics, and an interesting storyline.This game's character grates like cheddar and the controls are about as likely to nip a fingertip off. Hidden it in my library, big ol' hard pass from me."
76561197963591404,Not Recommended,239160,9412649,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,o.O Super Fangirl Kawaii ^_^x,Decent stealthing. Looting is very boring - items are all the same. Garrett's character design is pretty terrible.No panda outfits.4/10.
,Recommended,239160,14385490,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,VitalSuit,"Despite what others have said this isn't a bad game in the slightest. Hell it's not even a bad Thief game but it definitely can't be compared with the original 3. This game likes to hold your hand a lot, stealth in the other Thief games was much much harder due to pure player skill.Very short review but imo I enjoyed it, it's not the worst thing imaginable but it's also not the greatest game ever conceived. It's average at best which is fine by me."
,Recommended,239160,9349269,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Vectorbot 4.20,Dishonored + Assassin's Creed? Nah..
76561198137363172,Recommended,239160,11025921,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,VoldeMorty,The game is not your average FPS this is First Person Stealth with some of the best challenges and puzzles. You'll forget all about run and gun. This is just grab and go. I never played the originals but the reboot is awesome
,Recommended,239160,23799355,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,47,"The great Toby Flenderson once said, ""Michael is like a movie on a plane. You know, it's not great, but it's something to watch. And when it's over, you're like, 'How much time is left on this flight? Now what?'"" In this case, Michael is Thief, and the flight is my weekend.Coming from a fan of the originals, it's an alright game. It isn't incredible, but it isn't that bad either. The story and music are utterly forgettable, the characters are boring, but the stealth itself is usually pretty fun. Definitely don't buy it if it isn't on sale, and don't judge the previous entries in the series by this one.  But if you're looking for something to do on a boring weekend and you usually enjoy stealth games, give this one a try."
,Recommended,239160,32196544,Posted: 5 June,all,Adeptus Ineptus,"While this is quite different to previous Thief titles, I'd still say it's an enjoyable addition to the series. In some obvious ways (including the game engine, character abilities and weapons) this game is like Dishonored, yet there's enough difference that you don't feel as though you're playing the same game twice. The claw in this game is an awesome addition that makes using the environment to your advantage a lot easier and more versatile than previous Thief games and successfully ghosting past enemies is pretty damn hard (even on normal difficulty).Unlike Dishonored and previous Thief titles, though, you don't have a blade, so if you do go in for a confrontational play style you'll want to rely on your bow and the different arrow types. There are quite a few side missions and hidden areas to explore. An interesting feature in this game is that access to different areas and hidden areas changes a little in each chapter. ****"
,Not Recommended,239160,26527163,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,StorPeder,Press E to upgrade
,Recommended,239160,9265065,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sexy Powerful Princess Deca,"The story is actually really good. The people look Real. It is NOTHING like Dishonored in anyway, besides the Plague that is inflicting the city, the cruel and corrupt Guards, and the over all steath aspect. Other than that this game is nothing like Dishonored. The writers actually didn't stick with some crap script, they obviously have been spending a LOT of time and money on the script, and they made sure to invest their money in Voice actors who can actually do the job, instead of saving it and using 10 people over and over again."
,Not Recommended,239160,9659869,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mr. Chopsticks,"I was pretty excited about this game. The first game that I pre-ordered and I am very disappointed and regret buying this game. This is the first thief i've played of all thief series. I might say some stuff I should have know.I really liked the concept of the arrows as it look more Steam-Punkish. The stealth is spot on as I was literally scared to be found by a guard. Everytime a guard is patrolling around my area, I would always make a rash decission but the investigating system needed a little change as I would never lower my guard when a fellow Baron died near me. The story is very dull, I mean like very dull. (exception for the Asylum. I was scared like Outlast) I thought there would be bits of clues of what happened during the incident but there isn't. It was all shown at the end of the game. I don't feel any connection to the main character and I thought there's some bonding between the player and the character like he's a badass. The combat is pretty bad as I do the same thing again and again (hit, dodge, hit, dodge). What I really hated the game is there's a lot of load screens. I mean a lot of load screen. You want to go to another part of the city? Push a log, open a window. Oh, you wanna go back? Push the log that you just removed. I think I literally wasted 10minutes of gametime because of all the load screens i need to go through. Plus, fighting with the guards is OMG. I died after running like 10 meters in front of him and he can still stab me. He cant even touch me but I died because his imaginary slash, hits me."
76561197989080355,Recommended,239160,10893157,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sellefane,"Loving this game. True to the originals, yet so much better!"
,Recommended,239160,10954701,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Agent-P,"Just barely getting into it, and you know it is amazing! The graphics are pretty good, and the gameplay is awesome. The freedom is really unique, but you also can get easily sucked into the main storyline, ignoring the side-quests and exploration of the world. The ability to either be a ghost, opportunist, or predator is amazing. The game really gives you the choice to play how you want to play. There really is a pretty good amount of freedom, and on the first play through you are so enticed, and it is hard to decide which play style you really want. Now, there are a ton of reviews saying the game lacks work, lacks this, lacks that. Now, from what I saw it appeared that they were the hardcore fans that played the earlier games and didn't like the way this one went. What I have to say to that is this, it is inevitable that the game will change, they aren't going to just repeat what they have done before. They have to come up with something new, and be creative to get profit. This isn't an HD remake of a Thief game, it is just another stab at creating a Thief game. I know I absolutely loved the game, and highly recommend it."
76561198001265076,Not Recommended,239160,15082754,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,flyinpig2,found this game to be less enjoyable as it went on
,Recommended,239160,10897161,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),"A fun game if ever there was one.  I just love to throw bottles and as the enemy moves towards the noise I sneak up behind him and knock him the **** out!  it is so fun creeping arout and stealing **** as well,  and the graphics are awesome!  Get it NOW  especially while it is on sale (sale ends 30th June 2014)  What are you waiting for?!!!!!!  GET IT NOW!!!!"
76561198014933683,Recommended,239160,11093564,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doopers,Wow
76561198076049767,Recommended,239160,11763483,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,onGiBon,"Good steampunk game, which focus on secret passing. Story isn't a big, but secondary missions dilute his. City is one a big labirint, in which you spend a lot of time on searching."
,Recommended,239160,9752775,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,DolgVlaPet,"First of all, let me make some points about this game, that are commonly discussed as bad sides:-This games is not a rip-off of ""Dishonored"". I am saying this to you, young generation, who never played oldschool ""Thief"" games. The series is old as hell and I would say the ""Dishonored"" game is a rip-off in that case.-People who say that bots are stupid and easy... Raise a difficulty a bit.-People, who say that the game is way too dark... That was the whole point since ""Thief 1"". The main charcater (Garret) is hiding in the shadows.And now, about the game itself. Some people (Including myself), been expecting with anticipation a new ""Thief"" game since the third (Not so good) part of the series and I should say, they did a really incredible game. Graphs, controls, possibilities, optional open world (If you don't want to complete main quests, you can make a lot of secondary ones, rambling around the city), freedom of choise and act and... Good ambient and main story. This game turned out to be incredibly good and I would reccomend it.10/10."
,Recommended,239160,10461074,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Shekel Goblin,louis can't play it 10/10
76561198028446457,Recommended,239160,9266405,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DodongoOfDoom,"So far i Like it, very cool stealth elmenents from traditional and new gameplay styles. I noticed its very linear so far which might be kinda annoying later on but eh. Grabing gold and looting everything is so satisfiying it will make u want to back track and look at other route u could take for more loot.....If you can. Sometimes when u take a route u can't go back and explore other routes which sometimes can be very annoying makeing u feel like you missed some loot or especially the main loot valubles or lore.  The light and darkness gameplay style is so fun trying to stratigaclly make the room dark so its easy for u to to steal the loot and god dammit i have never hated lighting so much that split second unpredictableness can ruin a perfect run :( but i digress. Hopefully it continues this collectithon sneaky dont kill anyone gameplay style and not go into any gimics that might ruin the experence."
,Recommended,239160,18702415,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,スコロリと申します,I am giving this game a second chance and so far I am amazed by it.
,Not Recommended,239160,22926488,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,cunningmunki,"There's probably not much point in me adding to all the negative reviews, since surely anyone thinking about buying this game will already have been put off, but I'm going to anyway...It's rubbish."
,Recommended,239160,29963367,Posted: 16 February,all,Al Gore,"Pretty decent game, nothing too crazy awesome, good but not great.$29.99? No.... $19.99? Yes...."
,Not Recommended,239160,15767017,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,LeBoost,"This game F****** sucks! I dont even need to tell you why, all the damn reviews tell you not to buy this game, so dont. It was made by a 9 yr old vetchtable in 3 hours! JUST DONT BLOODY BUY THIS"
,Recommended,239160,24980248,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ىcąяєd♥,Good game
,Not Recommended,239160,23018262,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Dubious Salmon,"During the first major cutscene of the game the animation, dialogue, and subtitles were all out of synch with each other.Rating:How can this be so bad/10"
,Not Recommended,239160,28150272,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Britt,This game really is kinda boring.
,Recommended,239160,29806203,Posted: 9 February,all,Ninesto,"This game is gorgeous and flawlessy executed. The visuals, the sound, the ambience and the funtionality all work together to create an incredible immersive experience. The cutscene and gameplay transitions are perfection.What more can be said? If you like great graphics and stealing stuff, you cannot go wrong with Thief."
,Not Recommended,239160,22532231,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[ONISBOR] N00DL35,"IT'S NOT A STEALTH/THIEF GAME. IT'S A ZOMBIE STEALTH GAME, THERE'S NOTHING SAYING THAT IT'S A ZOMBIE GAME!"
76561198011914349,Not Recommended,239160,21875425,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lance of Arabia,"""Meh"""
,Not Recommended,239160,22292496,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tuco,My computer can run Metal Gear Solid V but this game runs lagged as ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,239160,22510122,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,zodiacv2,Garbage
,Not Recommended,239160,33561167,Posted: 15 July,all,unfo-,"I loved Thief back when it originally came out. I loved Dishonored that was its spiritual successor. I looove creeping around and feeling powerful in games. Having the upper hand, being a fly on the roof etc.For those aspects this game is worthy of a recommendation. It also runs smoothly and looks pretty.But why the bleeping bleep do games always need to incorporate some sort of unnatural / insanity aspects into these steampunky games? Why can't we just enjoy thieving and sneaking about without bloody zombie noises and invisible monsters?!Uninstalled. So disappointed."
76561198076553409,Recommended,239160,31519732,Posted: 3 May,all,Graph Zaal,"unlike other ""players"", im not comparing this gem with some kiddo-titles or calling for a refund although it came as a gift. so i just have to leave a positive review:the previous titles were just a stack of missions in a relatable order and were quite entertaining. this title has (including dlc) an entertaining main quest and many entertaining side quests and YOU decide, which mission to play at which time - thanks to an (relatively) open map with npcs for shops and intel. also there are many ways to complete a mission, so i liked to play the game more than once. some secrets and riddles in the ""open world"" lured me aswell. in my opinion the best thief title - in gameplay, entertainment, story and gfx. i experienced no technical issues so far and the controls are surely not like cod, but ok - a bit like...i don't know. there are some other issues: in some sidequests/dlc, you'll need equipment you won't get before a specific mission in the main storyline - so you have to play the first missions of the main quest before playing other missions! secondly, you can't reenter some districts to look for more loot, that cuts the open world too. further i found no multiplayer so far...but altogether one of the best sneaky games, that can be thrilling too. because of the issues, i can't recommend the full price - i got it on sale too and for under 10 bucks a definitive buy."
,Not Recommended,239160,9436330,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Sky Night,"This is probably the worst game I've ever played so far in 2014, I can't believe I pre-ordered this crap. Controls are wonky, game logic is as a small kids you play hide and seek with, It's horribly bugged up it need proper fixing, I don't believe that this game is fully released yet.Enemy logic is stupid, controls are stupid, bugs are stupid.Well then, can I at least enjoy the story? What story? The plot in this game is way more predictable than a Brazilian soap opera.There is no way this game costs 49,99€ Euros."
76561198041768148,Recommended,239160,9492627,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,stu321,"Do you like stealing stuff? well this game is all about stealing stuff, hell why not steal this game then you dont have to pay to steal stuff, I paid for the game so basicly I like to steal stuff but I really REALLY like to pay to steal stuff! anyway im getting off topic. this game is pritty average 10/10 would steal again"
,Recommended,239160,10464429,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Atlas,"After playing less than 4 hours of Thief I am hooked on the game, you need a decent graphics card and a quad core PC to run it but other than that it seems to be a game built for everyone. In-game graphics were beautiful alongside character voice overs (even if the voice was a little out of sync with the NPC lips), controls were awkward at first but soon got used to them making the free-running / Parkour much smoother and exciting. Only found a few small texturing bugs in the game but other than that the world seems to have been carefully planned out and drawn. Storyline was strange but decent enough, it could have been improved. Stealth in the game is one of the largest parts and at times can be extremely difficult, I find if I play for too long you can loose concentration and end up getting annoyed at the game.Overall Thief was an exciting and envigorating game to play, I would recomend it to everyone looking for a thrill and an epic (if not short lived) storyline."
,Recommended,239160,9492946,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,M0d3u5,"Well, here we are. 16 years after the original Thief and 10 years after the last game. Just to create some quick context, I played it when it originally came out and Thief 2 is one of my favorite games of all time. I was dissapointed with Deadly Shadows, but I still played it through...twice. I've played every fan mission for The Dark Mod, some several times. I like Thief. I like the atmosphere, the world, the characters, the history. I am a Thief fan. There, now I have my pedigree out of the way and I can feel all superior about myself (sarcasm).So, that said, I was worried about Thief 4 when it was announced. Looking Glass Studios (rest in peace you magnificent creation) was gone. There were rumblings of some of the same people from the glory days working on the current Thief project. Trepidatious anticipation. Cautious optimism. Then, tragedy! Garrett was going to be replaced, possibly by a teenage smart-talking goth chick. I have no problem with advancing the concept of new characters and new ideas in this hallowed game, but come on...know your source material and more importantly, and much more sacred, know your audience. Who were they making this game for if not the fan? Your average gamer is going to find something like Thief boring. There is no instant gratification. That comes from careful exploration, patience and cunning. Thief games have a very deliberate and esoteric design.Then, silence. Thief 4 was in development, it was not in development, there were hints, there were rumours, Ubisoft was in turmoil over the project. I almost gave up hope of seeing another Thief game. Then, BANG! It is re-announced as though Thief 4 had never been mentioned. A reboot? Garrett returns? Sort of, not the same voice actor but the character was back. But now Garrett was goth? Whaaaat? Trepidation, cautious optimism, confusion.Now it is finally here. Garrett is no longer goth (sort of). I pre-purchased the master thief edition the second it twas available. Even if it was going to be a disaster, I was going to be part of it. The wait was excutiating but it was finally almost over. When it came, it was met with a broad range of confused responses. Long time die hard fans mostly hated it. Newcomers didn't know what to make of it. People in between panned it as not Thief-like enough for fans and not accessible enough for newcomers. So, what was the truth?This is only my opinion. I am no expert on game design or entertainment. I won't try to inflate my importance by stating that I have been playing video games since the days of wood-panneled pong machines or that I owned my own computer game store in the glory days of pc gaming. I won't say those things...er...anyway, but I do have a strong sense of what works and what doesn't in a modern video game. So, without rambling on too much longer...here it is:What Thief does right:Atmosphere. Hells ya. It nails that. I don't necessarily mean that its an exact replica of the worlds we know. Did we really want that anyway? Its been done. But, it had to adhere to certain forms and it does that admirably. The twisting streets of the city, the swirling fog lit by cold lamplight or the warm glow of a torch. Complaining guards muttering as they make their patrols. Moonlight straining through thick clouds to cast a murky gloom over a twilight maze of cobbled stone. Brilliant. The interiors, the locales, the themes of desperation and loss all intertwine to create an interesting (if somewhat generic) steampunk victorian goolash.Stealth. Pretty good. Not great, but certainly as good as it was in any of the previous games. If it fails at all its in the ""feeling"" of your movements. Garrett should feel like an accomplished thief, like he is gliding in and out of the shadows or better, becoming one himself. There are times the game achieves this and there are times that it does not. When it works, its awesome. The same thrill exists now as it ever did sneaking through a level totally unnoticed. Ghost indeed. Also, it is tremendously satisfying to clobber a guard who just happened to look the wrong way. These moments of opporunity create neat little vignettes that, while they do get repetative, are still always satisfying.Exploration. Also pretty good. Also not great. I love finding little hidden areas, little venues that have some personality. But therein are the beginnings of the cracks. Things start to feel awful samey after a while. You can only find so many silver flasks or gold cups before it gets boring to take things. You don't really get the sense that you are stealing anything because there is never anyone around who will miss it. If things are just laying around is it really stealing? I mean, you can pickpocket people which is a mild rush but, anyway, this was supposed to be the ""good stuff"" so I won't complain here.What thief gets wrong:Story. Okay, so this has been discussed to death on the internet. The story is kind of weak. A bit of a mess. This is going to sound sacriligious to hard core Thief fans but...I argue the story of Thief has never been that strong. Now, put down the torches and pitchforks and hear me out. The first Thief, lets be honest, had no real story at all. It was just a series of disconnected missions with a few threads winding throughout. The game as brilliant largely because nothing like it had ever been done. It wasn't a masterpiece because of its story. Thief 2 had a much stronger narrative, but having recently played it again I argue that it too was largely an excuse for different levels moreso than it was for a cohesive narrative. What it did better than Thief TDP was to have a theme and strong characterizations. It is legend in my mind. I barely remember the story for Thief DS and I played it twice. So, yes, the story isn't much to get excited about but its an excuse to move through the game.A.I. Wow. For a game that is 16 years after its original I was expecting a bit more. Yes, guards notice you and pursue you and eventually give up looking for you. Guess what? They did that 16 years ago. Can't we have guards that run to a constabulary to alert them? To go bring two or three more guards? To cordone off the streets? To tell the public to go indoors until they've found the menace? How about guards that question witnesses who might even have an idea which way you went or where you might be hiding now? Imagine the panic as a citizen points right at the cubby hole you're crouched in, panting like a mad fool, and tells the guards he/she last saw you skulking around that area. How much more immersive and interesting would that have been? Lots. Is this sort of thing possible of A.I. in a game in 2014? Of course it is, and I am not even being that imaginative. Regardless, the A.I. is there for you to bonk on the head. Nothing more. They do not organize manhunts. They do not remember where you've been for more than a few seconds and they don't communicate with anyone about their situation. Also, just throwing this out there...but Garrett could use a sword. It didn't overpower him, it wasn't wise to do because it was loud and even having it drawn made you too visible. It was a last resort. What do developers have against him using a sword? But I digress.Conclusion:So, what are my final thoughts? I am enjoying the game despite myself. Maybe I feel sorry for it because of all the bad press or maybe the torrent of hate against it has lowered my expectations. Yes, the long game starts to feel a little pale. It loses its luster after a while and moving around the city is a boring chore. Still, I can't help but enjoy every last little escape or every cunning theft from under a guard's nose. When it works, it works. You just have to give it room. Also, what's this about the music being wrong? Does anyone remember the first game? I think they nailed that with thrumming drums and chimes. Like the rest, it is evocative if a little flawed. Recommended."
,Not Recommended,239160,10459865,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,SKATE,Do not buy this game.
,Recommended,239160,9492024,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,SN4KE_PL1SSK3N,"I am completely overjoyed with this game. At first I was a little skeptic because the reviews weren't always great and the metascore is kinda low for a spur-of-the-moment 60 dollar purchase, but let me tell you those reviews are plain ol hatin' for hating's sake. They are completely unfounded. This game delivers everything a fan of the Thief games would want: Sprawling maps, new tools, upgradable gear, Interesting characters, GUARD BANTER, swearing, loot, medieval♥♥♥♥♥kicking... everything. I highly recommend Thief. I wouldn't even wait for the price to drop, it's that good."
,Recommended,239160,9483149,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"F or a series that hasn’t seen a release in 10 years Thief delivers a solid game play experience, modernizing many mechanics without incurring the usual penalty of simplifying them too greatly for mass adoption. Thief doesn’t rely heavily on its pedigree in order to deliver a good experience, being able to create its own distinct identity through it’s well executed game mechanics. Unfortunately the story is the giant black mark on an otherwise highly polished experience, leaving this and many other reviewers wanting. Still it’s hard for me to recommend against playing Thief as it really is a solid game, just don’t play it for the story.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/03/15/thief-subtly-only-gets-you-so-far/"
,Not Recommended,239160,9440898,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,love2shpongleIRL,"Do I recommend this game? Maybe, but since the only choices are yes or no I have to say no. The original thief was one of the first pc games I ever played, I loved it. This reboot plays like a mix of that and a whole lotta ripping off the themes of dishonored with some bugs and out of sync audio mixed in. For whatever reason I can't bring myself to play it, sucks when you drop full price for an expensive game it turns out to be average in nearly every area."
,Not Recommended,239160,9275849,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Palisade,Very dissapointed with the release of this title. I paid for a game that I expected to play and yet I find myself unable to even launch it. This is something you'd expect to be fixed as soon as possible or even addressed. Yet there has not even been a single word from Eidos-Montreal concerning this issue that many people are having.
76561198002069192,Not Recommended,239160,14404243,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Portwills,"The game is not working, i'm stuck on a black screen, yet I can hear the sounds. It looks like many people are in this situation too or having many other problems. My computer is more than decent, I updated my graphic card drivers, and tried many other things, but still nothing works. Until they come up with more patches for this game, just don't buy this. I will change my review if I manage to make the game work."
76561198049505258,Not Recommended,239160,13641149,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cactus,Bad.
,Recommended,239160,20323925,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ϟ b761d67 ϟ,Blind people simulator.
,Recommended,239160,23242261,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Have not played for long but it is good
,Recommended,239160,33115506,Posted: 1 July,all,sean,7\10
76561198048215756,Recommended,239160,28747026,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Feizercraft2,Really good graphics and very interesting. This game reminds me of assassins creed
76561198010364858,Not Recommended,239160,15571032,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Thibado,This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game m8. never play it.
76561198013182138,Recommended,239160,14358454,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,nick4299,First time I've played Thief & so far it's pretty good.
76561198265014426,Recommended,239160,31677795,Posted: 10 May,all,М∆ى†εr[Србија],best game ever
,Recommended,239160,11183140,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Dieselburner,"At the beginning this game fell so far short of my expectations, I was expecting something more. Sure, good graphics and sound catches your eye, but there was something wrong - like exploring the city between chapters, swooping, focus. My first thought was 'WTF, this does not look like a Thief!'Nevertheless, I've spent some time with a game and first three or so chapters looked quite similar and maybe somewhat boring, but then I slowly went into the story line, things started to get more and more interesting with every checkpoint. And then I hit chapter 5, freak-filled asylum, where at some point I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. Yesterday I've finished chapter 6, and I must admit that I didn't had such excitement from computer games for a very long time as I had during last few minutes of that chapter. Damn, this game rocks!"
76561198010046922,Recommended,239160,11524875,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Flower Pink,"Let's get the obvious out of the way. This game has some problems. There have been issues and they are slowly getting fixed. Some gameplay features are annoying and have to be turned off by editing the game files. It's not difficult to do, but then again, we should be able to disable them in-game.There have been complaints about loading screen frequency. However, each section is so densely populated with loot and secrets that I consider this to be a minor issue. You can spend hours exploring each area, finding cool and sometimes quite dark secrets.However, I personally enjoy this game. The atmosphere is fantastic, and they've really tried to emulate the older games in terms of ambience and style. The asylum mission is a great example of where this succeeds and is reminiscent of Robbing the Cradle, although thankfully not quite as terrifying.The stealth is solid, and while the AI is a bit dim, there are no games which give you the feeling of a master thief who is very much mortal. Dishonored had some stealth, but not to this level, and in that game combat was a viable option. In Thief, combat is best avoided, especially on the harder difficulties.While tending on the side of being linear, the levels are very well designed. For the careful players there are numerous routes and secrets to discover. The idea that Thief has always given you an open world is somewhat misleading. The older Thief games often had an optimal path and then some sub-optimal path. Thief 4 is the same. Only rarely does the game really force your hand. One other thing to note is that rope arrows now only work on certain, pre-designated points. They can no longer be used on any wooden surface.In terms of taking the routes, the controls are clean and responsive. The new swoop move is a great addition. The only major gripe I have is not being able to jump. However, you can climb many ledges and jump gaps that you would expect to be able to jump normally. The only time the lack of the jump button is really noticable is when you come to an irregularly shaped object. Even then, there's usually no advantage to being able to climb on it. In that regard, the levels have been carefully designed to minimise the effect of not having a jump button.The graphics are wonderful and the game has some of the best lighting that I have seen yet. I cannnot play smoothly on max due to my ageing hardware. However, more modernised users should be able to enjoy a smooth experience at high to max settings. Garret's animations are also lovely, with your hands interacting with everything - a nice change from the invisble forces in past games.Overall, despite some hiccups, this is a great game. It's full of atmosphere and clear love for the series. The story is okay, but that's not been a strong point of any Thief game. The attraction is the stealth gameplay and element of discovery which permeates the whole game. If you're looking for another Dishonored, you'll be disappointed. This is a completely different kettle of fish."
76561198007572756,Not Recommended,239160,13151890,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pettylord,Way to ruin a beloved IP.
,Recommended,239160,11799847,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,YaBoiPear,You steal more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10
,Not Recommended,239160,13161892,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Naits,"This is not a Thief game, nor is it a good game+ noting new to the gener- loading screens (to mutch loading even the hub world has loading)- no jumping (Lack of control)- new voice actor (Just why?)- Does not feel like a Thief game, more like splinter cell)- Foced Action sequences pew pew pew"
76561198055873271,Recommended,239160,28128086,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Natureblood,"Not bad chapter 4 was fun, chapter 7 boss fight was interesting how the game ended not a big fan of it feels like everything thing I did was point less but other then that and a few bugs that made 100% loot on master ghost hard it's a good game 6.5/10"
,Recommended,239160,23354452,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DavidCross,"I find this game to extremely entertaining... at least when it will run. That's no fault of the game dev's, my computer is just getting old. I recommend this game if you like stealthy games, as if you try to go in loud and proud you'll die with haste, as well as a good computer. My laptop has difficulty playing it, but until I can afford to by my own desktop, it's what I have to work with."
76561198081371819,Recommended,239160,23356399,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Not sure what all the hate for this game is about.I played it long enough to have got my money out of it with only a two big issues.First make an auto open window option, I hated having to button mash x everytime I want to open a window.Second the camera shake got really annoying after a while it started to give me a headache.Other than that this game will waste some of your life but probably won't make it onto anyones fravorite video games of all time list."
76561198027018482,Recommended,239160,30366464,Posted: 6 March,all,jesternario,"This is an excellent game. From what I've read, people hate this game for two reasons: Either they were expecting the game to be Dishonored or Metal Gear Solid, or they are nostalgic freaks that prefer the 1st and 2nd game.I've never played Dishonored, but I've played MGS. This is not a tactical stealth action game; it's a stealth game with a focus on stealing from shadows. Your character can be quite unscrupulous and steals from everyone regardless of wealth. If you are looking for a more action oriented game, or one where you play a potential hero, look elsewhere.However, what this game does, it does well. The gameplay is excellent and rewards being a thief. You are not capable in combat, so you must be as stealthy as possible, and the game gives you multiple ways to achieve your goal, telling you whether you prefer sneaking through like a ghost, taking advantage of the environment, or just knocking folks out.The story is decent. You play the master thief Garret. You and a rival botched a job a year ago, and you have no memory of what happened in that year. You've gained the ability to focus, allowing you to easily find loot, equipment, alternate routes, and guards. You follow the clues solving the mystery of what happened and your role in the over-arching plot line.Note that this game is linear. While there are some side missions in a hub-world, the game is not a sandbox. Also note that the game does not allow you to climb over everything like in assassin's creed. You have to work in the area you're given to play in."
,Recommended,239160,33131045,Posted: 2 July,all,Eggerd,Good game.. it's a lot of fun :-)
,Recommended,239160,25554431,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DblTap,"A decent stealth game with a hell of a lot of atmosphere.Gameplay: While the gameplay is good, some of the movement mechanics are a bit cluncky, and I resent having to go from one side of the city to the other three times to turn in a quest and get the next part... damn side story quests.GFX: Pretty much amazeballs.Music: Most of the time it adds to the atmosphere of the game with just the right amount of dissonance, but every once and a while it gets a bit too loud when you're trying to listen for movement.Narrative: Well done, worth playing all the way through! Side story missions were a decent bit of flavor as well.Overall: 4/5TLDR;Good story, very good atmosphere, okay gameplay.Last thoughts: DO NOT SKIP THE ASYLUM! The single most atmospheric place in the game, fully explore it and appreciate the effort that went into making that place creepy as hell!"
76561198030864926,Not Recommended,239160,10847620,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,uty,sheeeeeeeeett
76561198028467287,Recommended,239160,11223075,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Master Taffer,"A lot of great idea here and a good foundation.  Some of those ideas work very well, others need some polish.  The game is a solid experience with a lot of charm while rough around the edges in various areas.  Still, inspite of its flaws I had a blast from start to finish and highly recommend it as a long time fan of the series."
,Recommended,239160,28499696,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tabi-Chan,"Stealth,Thief,And Assasin8/10"
76561198048096457,Not Recommended,239160,9311759,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Andrewlol,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥dint worked black screen for me waiting for a refund atm ;~~
76561197961359840,Recommended,239160,9357644,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,|RIP| Feanor |mR,Awesome!
,Not Recommended,239160,9291723,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Hauser,Boring as♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239160,9981667,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,boeing2000,Nice game for all gamers who likes stels games!
76561197970778368,Not Recommended,239160,24721191,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ogma,It's a rail shooter converted (poorly) to a rail sneak.  Total waste of money.Go back and play T1~3 . . .  skip this one.
,Recommended,239160,22575315,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Slithr,"Great game, most of the negative reviews are from people wishing they could relive the feel from the original Thief in this game. Thief has great stealth mechanics (I haven't even tried the combat since I'm doing a pacifist playthrough), and there are many things in the environment that you can use to your advantage, such as throwing objects, different paths to an objective, and turning switches off by shooting it with an arrow. The only thing I don't really like about the game is that there is no jump button"
76561198050493185,Not Recommended,239160,13616854,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[FNW]Daniel,"This was the first game that I paid full price for that was not on any steam sale and I was pretty dissapointed. The game has stunning enviourments and beautiful phisics but it lacks and intriuging storyline. I can tell that when this game was developed, that they were banking off the siccess of Dishonored but where Dishonored had succeeded, Theif had failed. The enviourements load in sections which should allow more fluid movement and a better physics but it is just as glitchy as rendering the entire map and when you are constantly trying to load from room to room or map to map, It gets very frustrating and boring because you spend more time loading then playing. The game tries to introduce more of a dark paranormal presence but it is introduced so randomly that it offsets the the standard gameplay, which is overwhelmingly predictable. The use of combat and weapons is almost pointless as the game tries to enforce that you are a shadow dweller and when you do fight agianst the NPC's, Its regarded as negative which is annoying as they allow you a selection of fatal weapons.Its my recommendation that if you are looking for a game along these lines, Buy Dishonored, It has a better storyline, Physics, Enviourments, and the game allows you to dictate the outcome. Its a linear based game with a non-linear based feel that allows you make the choices that define the game."
,Not Recommended,239160,17324132,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Chimi_Changa,"why dont people include a third person mode anymore in any bl**y game. i'm sick to death of buyng games and finding no 3rd person mode, i get motion sickness from 1st person  and i cant count the amount of money ive wasted on games to find there is still no forst person mode. this is the 21st century and we all deserve a choice .. Bol**x"
76561198117949964,Not Recommended,239160,9364840,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Roberto,Lost interest in the game after only a few hours of playing. Tedious and repetitive. 4.5/10
76561198008573316,Recommended,239160,10984245,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kamsko,Game is good especially for me as I like stealth based games. Also I can see my legs!
76561198052486242,Recommended,239160,11015712,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,reinminer_gryphon,"I have loved the series since 1998 and hoped for the best for this installment. I wasn't disappointed.*POSSIBLE SPOILERS*I played all the way through. Yes, it's nothing like the classics, I kept waiting for SOME mention of Hammerites, Keepers or pagans but other than that, I liked it. There was just enough old elements and hints to keep me playing so I could keep fuelling the nostalgia. (I'm pretty sure I saw some hammers and definitely saw the keyhole iconography of the Keepers many times and there aren't actual moss arrows but there's a ""moss arrow"" buff you can buy) Also, I was sad at first that they didn't get the original Garrett voice actor but I got over it because at least the new guy tried to sound like him and did a pretty good job. Didn't like the stuff about Erin. I mean, I loved the fact that they maybe made a use for that little girl that picked Garrett's pocket in an older game cutscene but she just ended up being whiny and ungreatful not to mention turning the people of The City into monsters. I also love that Basso was there too, with the mention of his ex-wife with his magpie of the same name. The City is still The City with a Baron, Sheriff and a City Watch and there is mention of Blackbrook and a few of the well-known districts are there. I just found the story lacking with the Erin character.I hope they continue to make more Thief games since this was a reboot because I hope they'll touch on classic elements more. Lore-wise, I hate the fact that it appears that they threw out the original origin of his eye. Call me old-fashioned but his eye was torn out for a pagan ritual that he later sabotages and a mechanical replacement by the Hammerites. I just found it disconcerting that there were no obvious mention of Hammerites, Keepers and Pagans-The hints of each were fine, I just would have liked to see more.Besides any shortcomingS, I do recommend this game. Just please play the first three before this one, you'll appreciate the effort made in this one more."
,Recommended,239160,11045436,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,[Moogle] twitch.tv/xkupotv,"I have to say that as far as 'stealth' games go, this one keeps it from getting too boring too quickly.  There's plenty of action, and the multiple ways that you can approach situations makes it feel a whole lot less linear than it is (storyline-wise anyway).For $5 on the steam summer sale, you CAN'T go wrong here."
,Recommended,239160,11182544,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,connor-goodwin,"ABSOLUTLY AMAZING GAME!never played  the original thief, and i loved it!"
,Recommended,239160,11959513,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Cal,Good storyline although slightly conufsing at times. nice graphics and the gameplay is smooth. Great play and one of my favourite stealth games although not as good as some of the older ones.
,Recommended,239160,11190033,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Pasta J,Great game but you should probably thief it.
,Recommended,239160,11265338,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,coolidge772,"I really enjoyed Thief, but did not play all the way through.  There were so many similiarities in the game that I couldn't really get into.  I thought the graphics were amazing and I bought the game on pre-prder.  I'll eventually get back to playing it, but it wasn't one of my favorites, simply because of the type of playing style I was used to.  I was a huge Theif I and II fan when I was younger.  I beat both of those games relatively easily.  I think the whole idea of the Theif series is what got me to buying this game.  I like it, but it's not one of my favorites, because there are just funner games out there to be honest."
,Recommended,239160,10769705,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kuzakun,this game has no lemons and i need lemons in my life and in my gamesso let this a be a lesson that no game should be released without lemonscan i get 2 plz?
,Not Recommended,239160,13478882,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ste@mpunkthing,"Jesus Christ this game is awful. You're not a master thief, you're a ♥♥♥♥in kleptomania that steals petty cash and jewlery cause you don't have anything else to do. The glitches in this game are on par with a game like Assassin's Creed Unity. The voice acting is terrible, the NPC's are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and have clunky animations, random guard locations as well. For example, there's a part of the game where you're on an island in the middle of nowhere and there are guards for some reason even though it's supposed to be abandoned. For a game that launched the stealth genre, it really♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it's legacy. This solidifies my belief that Dishonored is far and away a better game, and series in terms of gameplay, fun, art design, characters, voice acting, game direction, coherency, sound design, literally *everything*. The story is terrible and doesn't even make any sense, and doesn't conclude in any way, you don't like any of the characters either. The takedowns are terrible, and just boring looking. They reuse the same objects and animations whenever possible, because it's too difficult to design 3 dimensional sprites right? Not like it's their job to make games with sprites and object models. The music is terrible as well, it's just taken out of a stock dramatic music website for like $15. This game is so incredibley underwhelming and preditacble, that it's difficult to imagine how this game was ever released, and ""okay-ed"" by dozens and dozens of people on a pay roll. Yeah there are worse games than this, by *FAR*, don't get me wrong, but this game isn't super horrible, it was just incompetent. It felt like an indie crew was given a huge task and didn't even try. When you look at the game as a whole in terms of content, there is so much more here than Dishonored. Dishonored is actually a really short game with small levels, but everything in those levels if ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Focus on quality of quantity. The stealth mechanics themselves are boring, the guards don't see you half the time when you're standing in the shadows because apparently that makes you invisable. The world building is probably the worst I've ever seen in a game though. Say what you want about a game like Watch Dogs, but I understand the world that Aidan Pierce lives in, I know the people and the way society is changing around technology. This game? None of that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't even know what the city this game takes place in is called! Nothing makes sense! I felt like I was playing the 5th game in a series that I had never played, when this game is supposed to be a fresh start! They advertized this game as a new beginning, but it wasn't at all, it was canon and took place after years of thieving in a character I know nothing about. I bought this game for $60 and I regret it more than buying any other bad game ever. More than ACU, ACS, WD1, or WD2, just terrible."
,Recommended,239160,12634235,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Halfprice199,"Do you like sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s trying to find their maybe dead ol' buddy! I know I don't! (Minus the sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I'm all for sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) The gameplay made me stay."
76561198040335267,Recommended,239160,23653772,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,connacht93,"Likes - the slums, it is the most disgusting places I have ever seen in real life or games lifeDislikes - Playing too long make me nausea"
76561198090980801,Recommended,239160,9942363,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Jack Randall,Epic game ! Remove all hud and help and enjoy!
76561198017777774,Not Recommended,239160,25081897,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Spazikanka,"Well, I am not a game critic tbh and this will probably be the only game I reviewed so far. I have been playing Thief series since childhood and I thought this was my responsibility to write few sentences.The game starts with a terrible cinematic but I really feel disappointed & sad & awkward when I heard Garrett's voice. What happened to Stephen Russell guys? (Garrett's voice actor in I-II-III). Did he try to charge you a lot? Your fan base played Thief series over and over again just for Stephen Russell and my first reaction was 'Who the f* is this guy' when I heard new actor's voice.The story of Thief is pretty -straighforward-. Some♥♥♥♥♥♥happens which you have no idea, a girl is disappeared and she tries to scare you all the time. You save her & kill her and maybe do her later in the game. Seriously? Is that the only story you can come up with?Why a stupid girl's ghost tries to scare player all the time? Where and why did those alien-type creatures come from? Why stupid girl is trying to scare us while looking through a door knob? I believe developers really missed the point of making a stealth-game. You feel like playing a game of Clive Barker (Undying) without a storyline!If you are a fan of Thief, (since developers already predicted this) you WILL buy this game. You HAVE TO buy this game. Not that the game is close to being good but it is your duty to pay for it for it's name.If you do not know anything about Thief series, you WILL buy this game. You will play another no-story semi-horror shooter game and it will be another game in your library, will be forgotton, forever.Regards,- Disappointed Thief fan.Click Helpful if you think the same."
,Recommended,239160,10500444,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Decent so far.  Worth it if it's on sale.7/10
76561197987995615,Not Recommended,239160,29099503,Posted: 7 January,all,Blergh,"As a claimed reboot of one of the most underappreciated gaming series EVER released, this is a crime against common sense, an insult against gaming and a travesty that rightfully got many people fired from their jobs.I picked this up at a sale for a buck. Sheer curiosity drove me to see this game to the end, but afterwards I realize the true horror of this game: It has destroyed the Thief franchise and its legacy for all time.ANYONE defending this atrocity knows nothing about gaming, or what truly constitutes a good game. The original Thief games targeted an older, more mature audience and provided appropriately themed content, it ignored the gaming trends and went its own way, setting new standards at the time that have yet to be matched to this day.For its hardship it gets a bland and lifeless remake that should never have been released.And yet there are people (numerous people by the looks of things) that will stand and claim this to be more than the pile of stinking feces that it is.No wonder people look down upon gaming in general: Most gamers don't recognize good things when they see them, and worship digital turd statues like they're the Second Coming.Pathetic."
76561198025226848,Not Recommended,239160,29077070,Posted: 6 January,all,zombiesocks,"So I went into this game fully expecting to love it. Within an hour, I had given up. It's a completely linear game with a cookie-cutter story and unlikable, boring characters. 'Linear' is not an inherently bad thing, but in this game it is. It's hard to feel sneaky when you know exactly where to go and know there's only one way to get there. It feels like a game of 'follow the dot.'I was also never sure what would get me caught. I walked right in front of a guard (I'm talking 4 feet in front of him while he's looking straight at me) and he ignores me. I kind of expected a game based around stealth to at least have a more intelligent system than Skyrim.Actually, thinking on it, Skyrim IS a better stealth game than this is. Which is not the conclusion I was expecting, but there it is. The stealth works better, the levels are less linear, and it's an overall more exciting stealth experience. And let me tell you, that says a hell of a lot more about Thief than it does about Skyrim."
,Not Recommended,239160,30051125,Posted: 19 February,all,Jean-Charles,The game is so dark. I mean you have to stay in darkness for not being detected...I sometimes can't even see things clearly. This is annoying for me.
76561198138100339,Not Recommended,239160,30130015,Posted: 23 February,all,🔥Koala | hellcase.com,"its just not fun. its pretty laggy, the diolougue and audio suck. the gameplay is eh but its just not fun. play dishonored for a way better experience! (and it's cheaper)"
76561198119673959,Recommended,239160,17259163,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,TLG.,Great story and mecanics. I am a huge fan of stealth so I rate this game 10 outta 10
,Recommended,239160,17153020,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Chuckles☢,"Overall a good game that I highly recommend for fans of the series and genre. However, be prepared for many bugs and straight incompleteness of many things.There are more than a few bugs in the game, many dead ends and a few broken/unfinished areas aswell as some fairly disappointing results to side tasks."
76561198117224972,Recommended,239160,16806779,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Silvester,"Alright, ive been playing this game for 3 years now and i've completed it 3 times once every winter because it fits the game, the atmosphere in this game its just amazing. But there are some cons, like the windows are just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to spam the bottom so you can open it, generally loading screens in the game are really unnecessary, the map is so confusing and its really hard to maneuver around the world. The stealth in this game i believe its unique, the puzzles the riddles this game has are just amazing. I wish they made another thief without these random loading screens, a better map and a bigger story, if that is out of the way i believe its going to be a big hit."
76561198116005040,Not Recommended,239160,17049372,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,oh hai mark,"I've never played the original games, and this is still complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is one of the worst games that I have ever played, if not the worst."
,Recommended,239160,33895922,Posted: 29 July,all,Blue Thief,Amazing I'm not bias at all I swear!
76561197976066884,Not Recommended,239160,32415125,Posted: 14 June,all,Orl0k,"Na,, load of♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh!"
,Not Recommended,239160,17336482,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Chicken Lover,Most of the people that bought this can't even hear the sounds...
,Recommended,239160,25031908,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,You're a Thief! In the middle ages! 10/10.
,Recommended,239160,9659567,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Dyingstars,This is an awesome change to the stealth games of this generation. This game is how all stealth games should be.
76561198116711465,Recommended,239160,9682256,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,WhoaItsTatum,"Definitely one of the best games I've ever played! Amazing graphics and story line, and the gameplay is super smooth. 10/10!!!"
76561197960379281,Recommended,239160,10916363,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Target_Corpse,"Good mechanics to avoid detection, stepping into the light at the wrong time attracts the wrong attention."
76561198273154597,Recommended,239160,30021298,Posted: 18 February,all,snoozersamlove,"I loved everything about this game, do hope for more of this game in the future"
76561198012693496,Recommended,239160,30456261,Posted: 11 March,all,Shad0WMaN,"Very good game, like all of the Thief series. Nice graphics, physics, sound. Very good, but dark atmoshpere. Every quest is a story. I really enjoyed jumping from roof to roof, getting every treasure I just could and choose my way always how to defeat enemies. The Assylum was really creapy! :) 9/10 However I have played it with about 40 FPS because I don't have a strong PC atm.. but still it was really worth every cent!"
76561197995656590,Not Recommended,239160,33471757,Posted: 11 July,all,Ignite,"Thief (2014) is a Heartbreaking Disappointment to me, And no, Not because of Hype train or any such. But because how this game could potentially be a successor of original thief in the serie. But somehow got burden and unnecessary add too many elements at once and ruined the game for good.I will start at a very good things about this game first. The game is gorgeous to look at, Lighting, Light shaft, Shading, Dust, Cinematic cutscene, Animation etc. All depict very well how the dev want this to be ""good"" and ""next- gen"" as possible. On this one they do succeed. As for gameplay, They try to maintain same element which is a foundation of the serie. Sneaking and Stealking, On this part they did quite very well for good. Stealing does have a purpose for upgrading your gears, Sneaking is fun to do with new element like ""Shadow swift"" where you just press ""Spacebar"" and swiftly move from one cover (or shadow) to another. The guards AI are as sharp as ever in a serie. All in all, The gameplay is very fun to play and exploration felt rewarding as usual.AND here we are, Let's talk about the BAD parts of this game. Hmmm To make it simple on grasping what are the troubles here, I'll seperate them into one topic at a time.- Story: Worst of the worst, Bore of the boredom I've ever played anything in my life. Originally in thief games, You are Garrette. A lone thief who always got himself in a big conspiracy by accident, All the time you've got only just YOURSELF doing YOUR JOB!!! and by the end of each chapter we get to see the consequence or the story unfold on its own which usually end up in a very big scale like death of VIP, Starting of new ERA etc. etc. And that's the most strong point of original games. But HERE in Thief (2014), They have to revolt the whole game onto one of your ""Female Companion"" (Which isn't so bad considered there are number of games out there having something similar manner, And they did very well enough) But this ""Female Companion"" is the worst kind of character I've ever witness in any videogames. Reckless, Egoistic, Blunder, Self absorbed...............On very first impression, I already hate her mug already, But then the game just have to have this ""person"" as a main plot of a god damn story!!!! The game just kill itself by turning a lone thief into a god damn Batman on his quest to saving his damsel in distress and♥♥♥♥♥♥- ""Custom Dificulties"": The game add another part where you, before start a new game, get to pick a ""Challenges"" which can be sum up as ""Iron man"" like in X-Com series. Personally I like the idea of ""If you busted, You have to start everything all over again"" this idea work very well on something with a high risk and betting like X-Com series where anything can go wrong, But in a least you know if you are ♥♥♥♥. You still can return to your base and plan carefully on next run. But in Thief (2014), Failed mean you'll have to start over again at the beginning of chapter!!!! Get this, In prolouge, they floor the first 5 minute with tutorial where you have to do EXACTLY everything as game told you to. If you manage to passed and progress onto the ""Mansion"" where the ""real game"" should begin and somehow you got ♥♥♥♥ in this part. Well.......you'll have to roll back and start from the beginning of tutorial OVER and OVER AGAIN!!!Ps.  I can't recommended this game, Usually I could wriggle something good enough to recommended the game itself. But Thief (2014) break my heart and patience so bad. I can't recommended it on any array of circumstance or price.Pss. I hate ""Erin"", Why ever do they have to put her in here? Without her, This game might be better than this."
,Recommended,239160,16178063,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,✪ H2RO2,"Probably one of the best and coolest games I've ever played in my life.The level of detail in this game is incredible, from the semi open world city, to the amount of loot and goals in each chapter, from the number of side quests and puzzles, even down to the sound design and characters. One of the best things about this game is the ability to play with the difficulty settings, and also how you get a tally at the end of each chapter to review how you've played, based on your stealth abilities, whether you confronted your enemies, or used your environment to aid you.The plot was also a fantastic feature in the game. Despite some of it being predictable, there was a genuine mystery to it all that kept me interested. I also think this was aided by the amount of story in things that are optional to pay attention to-such as notes, npc dialogues, and details in the environments. There are a few horror elements in the course of the story, but they are done in a very impressive way that keeps you playing and keeps you interested.(It should be mentioned that I've never played the original games, but from what I've heard, it's good to look at this one as is own game)Lastly, the gameplay was very impressive, in my opinion. Although there are ways of playing that allow you to fight or run through each chapter, this game is very bent on making you want to play stealth, something that isn't at all my strong suit, but in the end made the game much more enjoyable. The options you have and the tools are your disposal make each chapter interesting and fun to get through, and definitely worth a second or third playthrough.Definitely 10/10 game, would replay over and over again."
,Recommended,239160,15524000,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Führer,I really enjoy playing thief.It feels like playing Dishonored + Assassin's Creed + Hitman.Dishonored because of its style. Assassin's Creed because of the parkour and Hitman because you can decide how you want to play the game you can go in killing every enemy or be a ghost.I would reccomend Thief to anyone who liked any of the games listed above.
76561198028639564,Recommended,239160,14999093,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JonathanFG,"Brilliant game, very immersive and excellent graphics."
,Not Recommended,239160,16564448,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,WhataNut,Dont buy this game unless you like being told to go from one place to another in a tiny map. Dont waste your money on this game. I would recommend Assasin's Creed which gives you an open world and you dont get directed  round in tiny spaces.I would rate this game a: 4/10
76561198136148903,Recommended,239160,22913770,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheRealAnthym,"An amazing reboot of the Thief franchise. Tight gameplay, moody graphics, and open-ended problem solving take center stage. Long-time fans of the franchise and newcomers alike will find plenty to love."
76561198162177653,Recommended,239160,19342362,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CommunalLobster,"Amazing! Very good graphics and story line, this game provides the perfect entertainment for those who like stealth!"
,Not Recommended,239160,15986818,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Kresh,"First of all, I haven't played the older games much. What appealed to me was rather the idea of being a thief, sneaking on people and pickpocketing. The graphics further made me want to play this game so I bought it on a sale and started playing.The gameplay mechanics, in my opinion, were executed well, but I actually had more fun slaughtering guards and shooting them from afar than sneaking behind them and stealing their goods. I don't have a single chapter completed with ""Ghost"", in the end everyone got an arrow in their knee. One of the things I liked more was the variety of arrows the sellers provided, ranging from Water Arrows used to put out torches so you can hide easier in the shadows, to the Fire and Explosive Arrows that can light up a guard's body. The focus ability I found very useful in my playthrough, and I always had at least 1 of these flowers that replenished it when you use it all.The story was actually nothing special, and I didn't actually play because of it. In a point of the game, it actually became rather boring.All good, but the game is terribly optimized, since the 1st chapter I constantly had bugs, glitches and all kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the worst part is that many people have experienced the same bugs. I haven't even finished the game and I don't even want to play ever again, the most devastating thing being that my saves got all corrupted and deleted right in the final event of the final chapter. This, and much more had led me to not recommend this game, because if I wanted only the gameplay of Thief, I could have played the older, superior games.4.5/10"
,Recommended,239160,16942539,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BreeZe,Great GameOK graphics
,Not Recommended,239160,16996597,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Plux,Worst.
76561198103582821,Recommended,239160,17238218,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡,Better version of PAYDAY
76561198131541057,Recommended,239160,21596874,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AManWithNoPants,"I don't understand why people♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game. I mean, the story is very interresting, the graphics look good, the art style of the game is really great and Garrett is badass as ****."
76561198039465411,Not Recommended,239160,22242400,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Blazery,"Pls do not buy this game, the game is full of cutscenes and animations wich willl have you waiting instead of actualy playing the game. The intire game is based around stealing( duh) , but in order to do so you have to wait for an animation of you picking up the item, again and again and again. The stealth system is less than optimal and once spotted it is possible to simply outrun the guards. The moment to moment gameplay is slow a hell and not even remotly chalenging, wich is probably why they added a chalenge mode.overall 10/10 IGN would not play again."
,Recommended,239160,21039698,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jynx,"Is good, pwetty good."
76561198091549655,Not Recommended,239160,21129359,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Temüjin Temüjinsson,This game is just to linear.
,Recommended,239160,24190107,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,**FADM*Sollarii**,Very fun but my god this game is very unforgiving as well. Have fun and watch your back in the shadows my friend.
,Not Recommended,239160,20551783,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,5ud0,Boring.  ♥♥♥♥ing boring.
,Not Recommended,239160,21533912,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nefilim,"Bland Story, bland setting. Pretty fun stealth gameplay. Lets down the series by trying to be too safe and geting lost somewhere between trying to be a Thief game and Dishonoured."
,Recommended,239160,9322980,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Feldon Cain,"Awesome theft simulator! Just kidding. It feels like Skyrim meets Hitman in the way that you got the stealthy puzzle-solving of levels you had in Hitman and you got the amazing feeling of the enviroment you got in Skyrim. Some elements I do find annoying and a bit repetitive but the rest of the game quickly steals your mind away and submerge it into this gloomy (you'll understand the depth of the word when you play) world with just that little little hint of a magic touch.However do understand you need a really good machine to play this if you wanna be awed by the graphics, my own machine struggles by and got framerate drops and what not. Even with that I find the game totally worth my time."
,Not Recommended,239160,9403631,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Litmus,"Super meh.  It really is unfortunate that this game, the actual follow up to the great Thief games, pales in comparison to Dishonored.If you are interested in this game just get Dishonored, so much better"
,Not Recommended,239160,9414290,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,4dfx,"The first 1/3 of the game is really interesting to play, the next 1/3 becomes too boring and the rest 1/3 is just an one big delirium!I like how graphic developers and artists have done their job: the picture of the City is very nice.But AI (I played on hard), level design (starting from the second part of the game), sound, plot and missions are poor.I also dislike that the City looks dead (where are all citizens?) and that Thief became too casual: no more interesting puzzles and situations that test your logic and nonstandard thinking.If you played previous Thief games - don't waste your time and money or at least wait for a big discount.But if you are new in Thief series and will look on that game as a ""regular action game"" - probably you will spend nice few hours playing it."
,Not Recommended,239160,9597887,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,User,"Game is horribly optimized and literally halts the framerates AFTER finishing a loading zone (seriously make me wait longer if your not finished.), various sound issues involving hearing repeat conversations and the lack of the 3d sound to avoid them. Great concept, Story is good for what I've played. The horrendous bugs and obvious lack of real quality assurance ruined this title, I'd gladly revisit it with a real patch to fix these glaring issues."
76561197973128603,Not Recommended,239160,9697694,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Aurora,"What a load of rubbish. If this were a car, sold as new, then you would get a mile down the road and find most of the attached things like morrors and wipers had fallen off, and the wheels had just about dropping off, because they were only fastenes on with 1 nut.This is a pathetic offering by Eidos, who by the looks of it have not even tested it properly.Download content or not, Steam should be held accountable for selling something that clearly falls short of goods ready for the market."
76561197971250207,Not Recommended,239160,9761363,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Ronin,"My experiance with this Game so far... with every update, I could advance one mission further, but I had to replay every single previous mission."
,Recommended,239160,9394021,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Done,"if u like stealth games, go for it"
,Not Recommended,239160,9309360,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,AUNT JEMIMA,Despite this game running like♥♥♥♥♥♥it still looks like a game from 2007. I have a GTX 660 with a i53570k@4.2GHZ and this game is a stuttery piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in any area outside for absolutely no reason at all. Other people can play this on max settings with over 100fps but I must just be one of the few unlucky ones. Wait until a patch comes out if you want to be safe. I'd tell you more about the gameplay but I stopped playing after the first tutorial level due to how ♥♥♥♥ing horrible it runs for me.UPDATE: Weeks later it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥I guess they won't do anything to fix it. I turned the video settings to the lowest settings and played it for about an hour... The game just isn't that fun either. Missions feel boring and very linear. It's all go from point A to point B. If you want a good stealth game go buy Dishonored or Hitman Blood Money.
,Recommended,239160,14011841,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,infiN1ty,VERY NICE AND INTERESTING GAME. IF YOU LIKE STEALING AND HIDING IN SHADOWS IT JUST RIGHT GAME FOR YOU!!!
,Recommended,239160,16590289,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FoltzwithBoltz,i should probably finish this game...
76561198047129050,Recommended,239160,15154084,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,AFauzan91,good gameplay but has a bad plot aka mediocre plotits ok
76561198124931625,Recommended,239160,20261316,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mini,"""You get pregnant. me baby come out. i tell baby. eh baby. you betta become docta"""
76561198006594697,Not Recommended,239160,9391938,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,tux,"Memory leaks makes it extremely bad to play for any length of time. Seems to have the same problems as Deus Ex.Aside that, there is a lot of good level design. The City feels large and sneaky. But then listening in the streets, they repeat in absurdum, sometimes you hear them looping over each other. Simply put, very poor. The movement, while they probably thought they were clever with the windows and everything it feels stilted and supremely silly. When you find the tenth place where you slip into a crack and push a beam aside, you know it's a cut and paste job. There's really no excuse aside saying it's for console monkeys that can't handle anything more complex than bash one button.As for the story, it's a decent one. The side missions are weird as you never have to return to Basso with his. Most of them are amusing little sideshows with their own little stories that provide a little backstory to the city. There is a lot of that and it paints the Thief universe in its usual dark and colorful mystery story.But the real killer, trying to tell stories at the end of the missions. It's basically what they did in Deus Ex with the boss fights, ruining the game of being the master thief that gets away clean. While it makes for a nice story it ruins the clean get away. It ruins the sensation that was so great with the other games, the clean getaways. Which is sad as I stated earlier, great level design right up until those horrendous cutscenes.There is one where you are escaping with plans for a place where you get instantly killed by dogs without the dogs even being close if you don't run like crazy. It's the worst kind of console mashing brainless play your own cutscene. Yes, this game is a console game to a very large degree and it feels like one made for something that was hated 10 years ago as well. Whomever did these atrocities to the game that otherwise works very well needs to quit their jobs and sweep sidewalks instead.And then there was the sound, not a killer but the music tends to drown out the rest, even when plot elements are being explained. And you make so much noise, even when super sneaking with all the additional help that you think you are waking the dead. It seems to make no difference at all as well. Dragging, dragging!, a person by that makes so much noise you think you'll alert people 10 miles away doesn't turn heads that are 1 foot away. Just sad to see this part of the game rendered so badly.Unless you are die-hard Thief fan like me, buy Dishonoured. It's similar experience but a whole lot less buggy, better story, better systems, more consistent and with great DLC's."
76561198101674900,Recommended,239160,13875032,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,2x4,"One of the best Stealth-based games I have ever played. If you like sneaking around and avoiding confrontation, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,239160,9334870,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,☮TheLittleGnome☮,Don't even read this review just buy it.
,Not Recommended,239160,16589953,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,big chunky boys,"It had SO much potential. The atmosphere was amazing, the sound design (apart from the actual placement of the sounds which is horrendously broken) was beautiful, and the stealth was satisfying. What really detracts from the experience is the godawful combat, analogous to the Risen series of games which feels primitive, the story which was probably written by a bunch of 12 year olds, and the various AI bugs. I was really enjoying the game up to the end of chapter 5 (really great ambience with some elements of horror in this chapter, really cool,) but after that playing the game became a massive chore. Still, 11 hours of enjoyment for £3.74 (It tends to drop to this place a lot) is something I cannot complain about. Pick it up if it's very cheap, DON'T buy it full price.5/10"
,Recommended,239160,16436459,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Stephanie the goth,Amazing game played up to the first chapter and it really captures me in the storyline and it makes me want to play on
76561198030926253,Recommended,239160,13638170,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ralphie,Better than the first one!!
,Not Recommended,239160,14439346,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,The Knight Argent,"Horrible Performance!  Granted, my machine is a few years old, but this game performs WORSE than Crysis or Farcry!  Even running on Very Low settings at 800x600, I was bearly averaging 12FPS.  Totally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,239160,13841043,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,bluejay117,is it a terrible game... no. could it be better... yes. there are multiple ways to get to places but they are completly scripted with no feeling of freedom. Dishonred is a perfect example of what stealth games should be like. having the freedom to complete a task in notscripted and logical way. buy dishonored i say and you will enjoy it alot more. this is just a game telling you how you want to play.
76561197972436746,Not Recommended,239160,13629557,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dirty,Played about 4 hours worth. Boring repetitive gameplay. Nothing more to really see here...
,Not Recommended,239160,14404409,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,OMGirang,Black Screen
76561197994492536,Recommended,239160,9294985,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Yoshez,This game is a great start for gaming in 2014! Totally worth the Thief title and very enjoyable game in general.
76561197984448009,Recommended,239160,12402017,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BONEZ X,I deffenitly recomend this game. all though my hours arent up there like the other i have played the other theif games and this game is AWSOME!. alot of people complain about this and that but when you come down to it its becuase there stupid. if you get found out becuase your on the edge of a building and they are not but 2 feet from you of dam corse they are going to see you and easily visably like you would be in real life then yes the AI will find you. just put somethign in between you and the AI and they wont find you I started the game on the hardest setting and still play it on the hardest setting for all the haters out there its a game of tatics if your 2 feet from a gurad of corse hes going to see you but if you stand back another foot and put something anything to obscure his vision of you you are golden. its reallly come on think!!! its not like the last thief game where you can stand 1 foot from someone and not be detected this newer game adds more realism to the mix but little babys just sit and complain cuz they arent as good as they thought..........PPoint being if you are good at statigy and yes i spelled it wrong i am drunk right now..lol..... then the game is not hard AI for most part acts like it should and is fun.   Dont run in blindly watch the guards partoll patterns exctra. the game is about patence not runing in there shanking every one then running out with no repracustion like AC! take your time grass hoper its worth it
,Recommended,239160,12692941,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,VALERA,"9/10 (очередная стелс-игра, но в новой обертке)"
76561198139986817,Recommended,239160,12664600,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Darkassassin191,I recomend it to people who like stealth games
76561198116680813,Recommended,239160,12677216,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ProfessorBozz,A realy good game. Its a must have!
,Recommended,239160,9285420,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Qwonze,You can see your feet 10/10. Would sneak again.
,Recommended,239160,14169295,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Beer Pong,"Somewhat riddled with bugs and strange plotholes. The backstory is a bit dry, but the game is set in a town known as ""the City"". The City is supposedly plagued by a strange disease that makes people go mad. You eventually discover the origins of this disease and put an end to it. There's not much else to the backstory, though. Except the Thief-Taker General, and I shouldn't even talk about him. Oh, and there's Garrett's old friend Erin.Cons: Clunky controls, very linear gameplay (you can't even jump, and the few places you can climb at are simply routes you'll eventually have to take), a weird plot, and the absolutely horrific AI.Pros: Great graphics; especially the shadow and lighting-based textures, decent level design (if a bit linear), some attention to story. Oh, and the stealthy gameplay, if you like it. It's just that as I mentioned the controls are a tad clunky. Stealing stuff from seemingly empty houses is fun too. Some of the sidequests are worth doing.Overall, provides hours of entertainment and if you're willing to overlook the flaws it can be a nice experience."
,Recommended,239160,14285631,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Exploding Pineapple,"Awesome stealth game, I like the open world aspect of the game and the multiple options to go with. Good back story and generally well laid out. 4.8/5"
,Recommended,239160,14257546,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,fista1,"To be totally honest, I don't understand why some people hate this game, claiming that it should not part of the Thief series. I think it doesn't make any shame to its predecessors. Of course, the first two are still better(I can't say for the third one, because I haven't played it), but it doesn't mean that this one is bad. It has good atmosphere, solid story and some of the missions are wery good(e.g. The Forsaken or A Man Torn Apart). The game never crashed. However, I've encountered some freezings and stutterings here and there. Other problem I've had with Thief is its inconsistency of players interaction towards the enviroment. You can climb on some crates, but you can't on others. You can jump over some gaps, but you can't over others, etc. This will prevent you from falling to death, but I've felt limited in movement. On occassion, there are more than one options of how to approach a situation or how to get further in your mission, but in general, the level design tends to be linear. Rope arrows can only be shoot on specific joists, rather than on anything from wood, like it was in previous games. Another pros of the old games is that after completing a mission, you buy equipment and go straight to the next one. Here, you have to walk from your hideout through the city to the mission, which in my opinion is rather unnecessary.So yes, the game offers solid fun, but it has its flaws as well. Although, they aren't a big problem and shoudln't spoil your experience very much.Spoiler abour Garrett:Rumour: I've heard that Garett in this game isn't the one from the previous games. This game takes place many years after the previous ones.	You should be even able to find Garetts mechanical eye in this game.EDIT(1.2.2014)Addition about Master Thief EditionI was quite dissappointed how devs approached the Master Thief Edition. You will gain acces to soundtrack, but it's not complete. You have to pay additional money(I think it was 2 euros) in order to be able to download the rest of it. As for the comics- you will have to create an account on third party site, where you can read it, but you can't download it. So the only whole think you will have is the artbook, which will be downloaded with the game from Steam."
76561198080572489,Recommended,239160,14200708,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TaliZeps,Great game!Nice graphics! Great gameplay and plot!Stealth games are awesome!
76561198063170209,Recommended,239160,14187942,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,literally black as fuck,"W0w!!!! Gr8 gayme, am luv 2 stey in da shaadow an steal?!!! me mom seys i cant steal doe in da real wurld"
,Not Recommended,239160,17354365,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Autistic Seal,"I bought this game when it was on sale, for $4 I think. Regretting every second of it. The controls are weird to me, gameplay is too repetitive, just not my type of a game. If your looking to buy this game, don't buy it full price, wait for a sale. Not worth it."
,Recommended,239160,13975670,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Vaporious,"Dark. Creepy. Horror.Not what I expected.But still fun to play, Mixed on this."
76561197972729524,Recommended,239160,13490822,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Perus_TC,"Having not played the others(yet)my impression of the first playthrough are as follows:Pro's:Outstanding level designStoryGraphicsGeneral GameplayCon's:Window Level loading system(Having tosmash the ""E"" key at every level change is irritating)Devs COULD have included a map marker for level exitsAll in all an amazing game in almost all aspects.If you like Stealth games and good story(For ME)then you should give this a shot.Highly recommend!"
76561198078228800,Recommended,239160,19357321,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Scratch Game,"Начну с того, что игра на любителя. Дикого экшена тут нет... Постоянный стелс может утомлять и каждый раз, когда тебя замечают, приходится искать любую дырку в которой можно заныкаться, чтобы минут 10 или так мин 20 посидеть в ней, чтобы тревога, у заметивших тебя, ушла. Порой хочется просто танком пройтись по всем врагам и отлупасить дубинкой, чтобы знали, что вору мешать нелья! Увы. Тогда будет меньше ачивок, попоболь.Thief только симулирует открытый мир. На самом деле он очень маленький и я даже не заметила, как прошлась по всем домам и обчистила их. Это не Assassin's Creed, где ты свободно можешь прыгать по крышам и вырезать толпы стражников, одним прикладом будинки тебя отправляют в нокаут. Thief тебе сам показывает, куда можно и нужно забраться с тем же самым ""когтем"" а куда нет, намекая, что ""Я Thief, и я *censored* на твой выбор свободу действий, лоль"".Что мне понравилось, так это полное погружение в мрачную атмосферу Thief. Вернусь к тому же самому стелсу опять, если не проходить игру тихо и без лишнего шума, как она задумывалась, то как раз погружения не будет, ибо что это за вор, который и пьяного слона может в борделе разбудить? :сСюжетная линия интересная, но быстро забывается, не цепляет...может только запомниться момент в Приюте Мойры, где  ты можешь сирануть пару кирпичей, если был не готов в резкому удару по голове, когда спокойно себе шел по своим делам присвистывая с легкими мыслями ""о, вот еще одна комнатка с психом, там полюбому ништячок с:""...да... Thief по сюжету плавно переходил в хоррор, что под конец меня лично напрягало и добавляло не мало вопрос ""ЧТО ЗДЕСЬ  *censored* ПРОИСХОДИТ?""В общем, не смотря на все эти игровые моменты, Thief рекомедую, кто не проч потрепать себе нервишки, у кого уйма свободно времени и кто fapaet на стимпанк.Тащемта всё. Играйте, наслаждайтесь и стройте дома из кирпичей. с:Гаррет <3"
,Not Recommended,239160,19261392,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ϟϟPvt. Ryanϟϟ,Boring
,Recommended,239160,19915506,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bob farmskins.com  CS.money,"One of my favorite games, but I got bored of it ;("
76561198168178729,Recommended,239160,25694514,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Waigaini64,the system requirments are higher than they say but no other problems
,Recommended,239160,24313120,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Jesus had Aegis,"Engaging gameplay. Must buy for any thief entusiast. Though the navigation throughout the city could be imporved a bit in my opinion, It is to be noted that the atmosphere envelops you in thematic and visual shadows. Though the ending of the story is debatable, I hope this series will come off even better in the future :).  7.9/10"
76561198284752463,Recommended,239160,23155199,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,AUAAS,"Well the game is really awesome, but the story is so♥♥♥♥♥♥it kills the joy of the game."
76561198168132987,Recommended,239160,25698332,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,piriçır,Nays
,Recommended,239160,9327105,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Kiylar,"More linear and easier than its parents but still a good play. If you enjoy the stealth genre than I do reccomend it but if your on the border that I say wait for a sale. Its not worth $50.00 if you will only do the main missions only. Its a lot more fun if you do the side quests and take your time to explore. But the one thing that annoys me is the ♥♥♥♥ing loading screens every ♥♥♥♥ing section. Seriously consoles are only holding the video game industry back, not advancing it. Once developers create games for PC THAN port them over to consoles or make a PC only we will see major advances in games. But yeah I can see you getting around 20 hours for this game because I am about halfway with a couple of sidequests done and I'm at 9 hours already."
76561198074136045,Recommended,239160,29268505,Posted: 15 January,all,♛AyeSir♛,Take the item simulator 2014 best one ever rob kill stab die repeat and oh thief the things you wana thief :o like umm earings ?
,Not Recommended,239160,14462339,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Adam,"It started of really well, promising, hard and lots to do. But after about 3 hours of gameplay, it just became very, VERY repetitive. Couldn't finish the game because it became that boring. I will finish it at one point.6/10"
,Recommended,239160,31215534,Posted: 18 April,all,boss1k,"Игра кайф,графон как надо,атмосфера топ,вообще игра полностью понравилась,10\10 за игру и 1\10 за то что полностью игра ПОЛНОСТЬЮ,ВООБЩЕ ПОЛНОСТЬЮ проходится за 10 часов НЕ СПЕША."
,Recommended,239160,18841551,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sassy Bitch,Need a high end pc and a female character.
76561198259007403,Recommended,239160,31554768,Posted: 5 May,all,✪ Sandberg,"Awsome game, i highly recomend it"
76561198037064610,Recommended,239160,9286203,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Auditore,Its a very nice well laid out game The graphics are great and the stealth is great but the melee combat not so much the models look fantastic and lots to do after youve beaten the game like find collectibles for your private collection and do side missons and tasks I give this game a 8/10 Very nice
,Recommended,239160,31387377,Posted: 26 April,all,Sapan Vasava,This game is so so so good...This game's story is heart touching...I like the bravery of Garrett & his love for Erin...Best story & good gameplay...U should finish this game atleast once.
76561198013056671,Recommended,239160,24036045,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Theo Hardmeier,While some things are streamlined overall its a decent game.Too much negativity because its different then the previous games in the series.We need creativity in the gaming industry and sticking with the same dosen't achieve that.
,Recommended,239160,17289019,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Pharaoh,"I find this very fun. If you're not into gore and zombies and scary jump moments, this works. It's at your own pace and a nice quiet, relaxing game to play. All the war games and monster/zombie games have grown old and decadent. Sure there is the option to kill people in this game, but you don't have to. The fun part is finding all the treasures and hidden things. Only downfall in regard to that is, it all seems too easy, even if you turn Focus off. And it seems like the rewards should be bigger. Especially with some finds where you went all out of the way and decrypted, opened and all you find are two measley gold knives and a pen? Really? Perhaps more upgrades to the weapons and armor would be better? And as far as decoding and lock picking as well, that seems all too easy. But I think what does it for me at least, is the overall atmosphere and slow pace which I enjoy. You can run through every objective sure and finish the game in maybe 2 hours plus. But there is no fun in that for me and I like exploring all the areas and taking my time. Definitely fun to do."
,Not Recommended,239160,10440981,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,naruto,"I only payed 15 dollars for this and expected it to be mediocre and, at the very least, entertaining. It's actually really boring. Somehow everything that was good about the past Thief games has been obliterated and you're left with a collection of quick time events, bad dialogue, and lots of handholding. I don't think there's any way that this game could be more on-rails. I guess it would be neat if you were entertained by merely pushing buttons but there's really nothing stimulating about this game.I hope it doesn't kill the series, because I actually liked the first three games a lot."
76561198052843454,Not Recommended,239160,10467334,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,hamstring2005,the controls a stuck on auto walk and in another language so i cant read any thing it says  there seems to be no suport to help me fix this so would say no don't buy this game it's a real waste of money
76561198024806729,Not Recommended,239160,10627428,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cdallas325,"This is just horrible.Couldn't make it past the beginning of the game due the fact that you can't jump.  Not on can't jump on own, but the context sensitivity portion sucks too."
,Not Recommended,239160,10461985,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Randki,"A fun game, but it seems to be lacking in depth and substance. I never really cared for the character, and in fact finally gave up on playing it because I don't feel any draw to go back to it.  It could be SO much better."
76561198028116742,Not Recommended,239160,10484633,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,9.Cynical [Team9.ru],Terrible head bob on every item pick up makes it unplayable. Seems no patch or tweak for this yet (no one care?)Such repeatable animations and camera behavior makes game unplayable for me so I deleted it after a couple of hours.
76561198094691059,Not Recommended,239160,10485165,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,IZZFOLAU,wont load. i get the start up screen but wont actually load the game. absolute joke. not happy
,Not Recommended,239160,10505476,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Sam,"There is no jumping,no skill needed for walking across rooftops or narrow ledges, and opening windows is a bloody quicktime event. This is not just a bad Thief game, but a bad game overall."
,Not Recommended,239160,18312499,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Trippie,"I dunno, Dishonored ripoff? I don't think it's good."
,Not Recommended,239160,9417390,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Muiramas,"Can't say I didn't have some fun, Stealth is my favorite thingHowever in the previous versions of Thief I took great joy in hunting around finding things to steal, This one I get rather annoyed having to search countless cupboards and drawers just to find 1 piece of loot, it makes it taskly and rather unenjoyable to free-roam to steal, I just went through the game for the sake of completing it.Overall wasn't really the Thief I was looking forward too."
,Not Recommended,239160,9436485,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,johndope,"Boring gameplay. Awkward controls. Ridiculously stupid story. The story is so poor that I suggest the lead writer to never write anything like this ever again. This game is a steaming pile of crap. There are better games to play, and if you're looking for a good first person stealth game, check out Dishonored. It's far more enjoyable than this trainwreck of a game.It's dull, annoying, uninspired, and essentially a chore to play through."
,Not Recommended,239160,9578149,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Soylent Robot,"Controls are vague and buggy. The same button is for dropping off a ledge and jumping to the next ledge, so you don't know what angle to do for which one. Kept bugging inside objects. Not as good as Dishonored, very disappointing."
76561198008991328,Not Recommended,239160,9820171,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Bookoowookoo,"Oddly could not get into this game, use it as a benchmark tool is about all I can say."
76561198110992803,Not Recommended,239160,10464195,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Ugly,"I do not recommend this game to anyone because of how glitchy the game is. During the very first part of the game, the game would lag, and if you loo down at something, it would turn black. While playing, the audio is off from the graphics. I would advise people to not buy this game, because it is a waste of money."
76561198040301365,Recommended,239160,11276095,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,WolfconGamer,"It is a very well made game. Nice play mechanics. Hand to hand combat can be rather annoying when you get caught, so be sure to stock up on the items that will help you make an escape, as well as upgrades to help with combat. People say it's nearly impossible, but I've managed to take on six guards at once with no arrows (though I went through four health packs and survived by only a sliver of health).It's a good stealth game and once you learn your way around the place, sneaking won't seem that bad, just be prepared to sit around in a corner while you learn the guards' routes. Save often, as you never know when a stroke of bad luck might have a guard turn right as you go by."
76561198116268402,Recommended,239160,11785219,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Stelol,"A good stealth game , a good atmosphere and lore in general.But...very very very poor AI : for example, you are in front of a guard at 1 mt of distance...well if you are in shadows the guard don't seeyou..lol?after all as i sad , a good stealth game with some little problems.7/10"
76561198077514178,Not Recommended,239160,9405696,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,BucklezTheTruth,Theif fails to provide what it promises in its trailiers.
,Not Recommended,239160,9497313,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Missingno,"I am writing this review of 3/16/2014. Let me start off by saying, I am a fan of the stealth genre, Metal gear solid, Assassin's Creed, Dishonored, Deus Ex, etc... The stealth aspect of this game is enjoyable, it can be unforgiving at times and I like that! AI is standard, and graphics have an almost Bioshock-like feel to them. Nonetheless, these are normal game things I like to point out, the oustanding issue that caused me to rate this game poorly is the bugs.Now, by the time you read this, there could have been several patches released by now fixing the problems I'm about to detail, there may not be. The reason Im not recommending the game as of right now is bugs. Bugs that should have been caught, bugs that are game-breaking, bugs that ruin the immersion, bugs that are not befitting of a company that has made so many games before.The bugs are as follows:- Broken backgrounds (green screen holes into space)- Multiple sets of repeating dialog on one guard at a time- Inability to access new areas due to climbing glitchesNow, will I say that I or an infant would be able to program a better game? No, that's not possible, my programming is limited to business applications and I lack the foresight to create good games. But I would not pay full price for this game, and am dissapointed and slightly disheartened that this game is the first in the series I was introduced to after being told so much about how the previous games were so good.So long, Garrett.I hardly knew ye."
,Not Recommended,239160,9609566,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tiryth,"I enjoyed games like Thief and Dishonored, but I was extremely dissapointed with this reboot. I played through the prologue and first chapter, and I already hated it. The combat is non-existent, The stealth is okay, the parkour is bad, and the storyline just kinda did not exist. I got bored very easily and I hate the fact that I spent $45 on this. I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,239160,9690696,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Blandwiches,Disappointing.
76561198063646005,Not Recommended,239160,9701164,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Daedalus,"Another game that is not working how it should, keeps sending me back to the start after playing for 3 hours I find the game is not saving. this is the second game in a week that will not work correctly. I am getting seriously frustrated with steam and their software clients selling me games that are not fit for purpose. then get absolutly no redress from them. I also bought Batman Arkham Origins not tried it yet keeping my fingers crossed with this one."
,Not Recommended,239160,10932400,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,X_FiXxXeR_X,"WARNING!  Just bought this from Steam and game goes black and crashes immediately!  Searched online only thing I found really was to verify file integrity in Steam.  Did that twice, no luck :(Its definitely not a specs issue.  AMD Black series 3.4 GHz, 16 GB DDR3 RAM, AMD R9 270X.I contacted their technical support hopefully will find out something soon.  Pretty bummed out about this."
,Not Recommended,239160,9838691,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,HotdogOctopus,What an absolute piece of rubbish. Something about this game outside of the myriad technical problems simply grinds my gears as a Thief fan.
76561198024374788,Not Recommended,239160,9406961,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Digital Ram,The cutscenes were pretty poorly done and the story was almost negligible.
,Not Recommended,239160,10313812,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,akaantz,"Somewhat dissapointed with this game...  Not very free roaming, very limiting on what you can do and where you can go.  Depends on the game, but I really don't like being lead by the nose, and this game gives me nose bleeds..."
76561198079521937,Not Recommended,239160,18318242,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,hptango252,Can't even open the game thank God.
76561198011228011,Recommended,239160,11292176,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Spirit of Gonzo,This game has given me a strange affinity for cups.
,Recommended,239160,11579551,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,"I really don't get what everyone's beef with this game is. Okay, that's a lie, I do get it. Fans of the original Thief games are apparently incredibly upset with this game. Well, I never played the original Thief games. So I can't compare. What I can do is make my review based off of my experience with the game from the point of view of someone who isn't a hardcore fan.Simply put, I love this game. Sure it has it's pitfalls: it could be longer, the textures aren't all that amazing, the story starts out normal then gets kind of weird, but to me it's pros greatly outweigh the cons. One of the biggest things that I absolutely love about this game is the stealth. As it's the focus of the game, I would hope that it's the game's strongest aspect. And it doesn't disappoint. One of my favorite things is the amount of skill you need in stealth. You can't just ""run and gun"", metaphorically at least, in this game. You can take out one, maybe two, guys if you're skilled, but any more than that and you will die. The game greatly emphasizes remaining completely unseen and having no one detect your presence at all. I love it.The voice acting is decent, not the best I've heard but definitely not awful. The graphics are pretty great for being cross-gen, but like I said when you get up close the textures are a little bland. The lighting and shadows look great though.I think this game could be the start of something great. If the developers can learn from all of the feedback that's been provided, and use it to make a second game that picks up all of the slack from this one, I think they could make an awesome second game. The only beef I really had with the game was like I said earlier, the story really isn't that long, and about halfway through it gets kind of weird and tries to add some supernatural aspects to it. I don't like that. Maybe it's just because, at least to me, the game was advertised as being just a stealth game with a normal guy that steals stuff, and it's not quite that. Either way, it's not my favorite thing. But this game is great, and I have no regrets buying it. I would put it as being worth up to $40, as long as you actually take your time and explore the game. Don't listen to all of the butthurt fans, because they're already incredibly biased. I completely understand being angry at a company remaking a game and butchering it, but at the same time it is a reboot, and not a remake. If it was a remake, you would want it as close to the original as possible. But, as it is a reboot, the developers want to try and put their spin on the world, and I completely support that. Definitely recommended."
76561198036072139,Recommended,239160,11819445,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Valkyrie,"I remeber playin the first Thief game game in my teens.. and I loved it.. I played the other games aswell and loved them.. there was something about the whole setting that I liked. Then when the game came out so many years later I had to try it. Wondering if it had stayed true to its roots. And it has, you can sneak around, or just kill everything. Theres more then 1 way to finish things.. and hey why not rob the place at the same time. You have town maps, ruins ect so its a game with many variations. So for new or old players this game is hours of fun :)"
76561198017974525,Recommended,239160,11880188,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,mr meeseeks (look at me!),Being a fan of the oldschool thief games the only thing that I was dissappointed in was the fact that you dont get a sword from the very beggining. durring my gameplay experiences it could have come in handy many times. Other than that I was very pleased with the mechanics and visual appeal. It still stuck to its roots while at the same time gave you new abilities to more freely evade enemies and stay out of sight. If your a fan of these types of sneaking around type games I would definatley reccomend it!
76561198004764641,Not Recommended,239160,9401270,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Maniac,Regretting having bought it at all. Not worth 50 bucks. Wait till Summer Sale if you have to have it.
,Not Recommended,239160,9813969,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,staffsarge,Do not buy this game.  The audio is ♥♥♥♥ed and makes the game unplayable.  You've no idea if you've been spotted or not because audio is buggy.  Tell this game to eat a fat♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066555615,Not Recommended,239160,11049919,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tots,"Alright so i really liked the game to begin with... I was having a lot of fun with this game, then i realized that i was half way through the whole entire game when i was 5 hours into it... This clearly is a huge problem... I realized that this is very deppressing the fact that i spent $15 on the game... So this is now a complete waste to the game. Also I feel that this game is not a horror.... Chapter 5 is trying to be a horror, I didn't buy a horror game, I am not playing thief now because of that chapter... Overall I was happy at the beggining but now am very upset i spent this much money on a game like this... I am also very VERY mad that the game is 10 hours long.... Like why would that ever happen when it is a $30 dollar game, that is poor planning. Very disappointed actually, this game should be $5-$10, not $30."
76561198044207265,Recommended,239160,9290385,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,bgordon_nsw,"Although this game has just been released, I still give it a 5.5Why?The AI mechanics is a bit annoying when a character stands there for ages, or you have worked your♥♥♥♥♥of in stealth mode and they still somehow selectively walk towards you, causing you to redesign your pathway to a particular objective.Everything in the open world is frustating for the thief (player). I believe in my opinion that thieves and shadow class like games  should be able to:1. Scale any building right up to the rooftop2. Have an arrary of tools along with abilities and skills to utilise to a fine degree instead of a limited amount3. A very interactable environment.  (Although to an extent this game does, but it feels like a stage that is useless as I try to shoot out glass light bulbs in the street to no effect)4. Have natural human reactions instead of instantly resorting to believing that theres a thief thats blown out a candle or 'spotted' without going through deduction of facts in the instant environment.5. Disguises (pertaining to number four!)Whereas in ""Theif"" there are few things I dislikes about it ( Essentially forcing you into a linear degree)These are my areas of dislikes and hopefully they improve them.1. Forcing you to operate on the ground level in some instances (I call them choke paths) instead of immersing and utilising the environment of rooftops. Disonnected environments i.e. to get to a ledge thats a wee little bit further than the thief can jump, it makes you go around a few buildings to get that particular ledge (ike a bad out of date car GPS system, (Right, right..... turned missed next route generating in 1 min)2. Having to collect hundreds of 3g ashtrays, 6g pens and goddam f---ing candlesticks makes me feel like an old man thats a Kleptomaniac. For heavens sakes its in a Victorian Era where metals were very expensive.3. Delayed and glitched AI mechanics deliberately (and mathematically) interacting with your player.4. Restriced character fluid such as jump distances or even jumping at all! (Feels like a restricted Zelda game mechanic when running or auto-jumping.)"
76562198009681869,Recommended,239160,13655045,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,βõä ҢẫŊ€םςҜ,This is an interesting game Steal Style.- Graphics are quite good- The game system is good
76561198052833234,Recommended,239160,20313609,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,That Bearded Gamer Guy,I actually really enjoyed this game. A lot more depth in the story than I thought would be there
,Not Recommended,239160,20296289,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Blu Jazz,The game is broken and I can't pass the part in the brothel!
,Recommended,239160,18500474,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Butaberos,"i just bought this game yesterday, and after i download it i cant play it..... anyone can help me? :("
76561198149855164,Not Recommended,239160,16503440,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RO,i need help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bought the game downloaded... went to play... main screen pops up i hit play game opens black screen and it never loads
76561198059678797,Recommended,239160,16544965,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sjfans101,Saw people have sex 10/10 would be excited again.
,Not Recommended,239160,14698254,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ennisont,no no no no no and no reason its too boring the game offers nun i wated 3 hurs trying to get pass 3 gurds ok 3 gurds n the level is easy like wtf its at easy n i cant get past 3 gurds with out cheating or making a mod
76561197992112271,Not Recommended,239160,16138196,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Angry,. . .
76561198107882414,Recommended,239160,22092701,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Spaghettixtomato,"Indeed, this game could've been better...but does it worth a negative review? I don't think so...Let's start with what's good about this game...- Despite what lots of voices said since its relase, the game is not a remake or a ""game on its own"" like the Mad Max one.Its a sequel of the old Thief Saga, so, both new and old Garrett existed in this universe... lots of clues and little ""easter eggs"" about this are present in the game (including an entire level in a ""familiar place"" and a special loot who will make the old fans squirm when they'll find it.)-IT'S NOT A DISHONORED BOOTLEG- The City is huge, and full of secrets, passages, you can do a little of parkour on the roofs (but a very limited thing, don't expect Mirror's Edge or Assassin's Creed) the only problem is that, like in the old games, the map is difficult to understand, but i guess is a developer choice..- The game design is wonderful, when you're in the City, you're IN the City, streets are well made,you're really immersed in this chaos of streets and buildings, in those little slums, or in the big streets, you can even smell the streets, you can fell the cold night around you...- (I know it's a minor thing, but, let's be honest, it's a first person game, so you'll see them pratically for all the gameplay), Garret's hand are maybe one of the best thing in the game... well modelled and also quite expressive- The game leave to you the possibility to add to the Hub the radar of the level, the Life Bar etc... but you can turn them off. Even the ""Concentration"" can be turned off in the options if you think it's too much easy with it. Also, the difficulty of the game, unlike the previous installment, it's perpetual, you choose it in the beginning of the game and stop.- To me, the introduction of a ""level of alert on the enemies is a good thing, I don't know if it can be turned off.Now, the bad stuff...- Despite being kinda fluid, the game use to heavily drop the framerate when you enter in a new area, especially if there is something going on there... the framerate eventually come back to fluid after some seconds, so there's nothing to worry about...- I think the awfullest thing in the game is the audio... especially on the enemies and Bots... it's glichy... and way too much repetitive... I know that for today's standards if you don't run like an idiot for 3/4 of the game you're a noob... but, starting from the fact that Garrett is ""a Ghost"" (as he sentenced) you SHOULD walking a little slow, especially near enemies, so, if they'll frequentelly starting to repeat the same dialogue over and over, You'll eventually going mad after a while...- Sometimes, level design is a little unfair, often you cannot find some places to climb, buttons to switch or collectibles o pick up...- the plot is a little inconsistent... the characters are quite enjoyable in the design... and that's all.-Despite being not the same Garrett, this new Garrett truly is trying hard to be Cynical like his predecessor so i give a point for trying...- Cheap jumpscares are cheap, but you'll not see some of them coming...-bugs are presents here and there... but nothing that can break the game-It's Unreal engine, so expect some textures not being loaded correctly...-there's a little enviroment puzzle in the City streets, but the way you'll get the reward will not let you satisfyed...- Artificial Intelligence should be renamed: artificial deficency.So... What can I say? If you're not a fan of the Thief Franchise... I don't think it's the game to start with... but if you know the Thief saga, please, don't be closed-minded and give this game a try... at least buy it when it's on sale.P.S.-Sorry for my broken english"
,Recommended,239160,31871164,Posted: 20 May,all,DangerouslyAutistic,I think you steal things
,Recommended,239160,31872529,Posted: 20 May,all,LIQUIDXFUSION,"For those who love stealthy games, Thief is really a must!The franchise is a well known title and the game puts you in the midevil times era which is really cool.Theif  uses timely decisions when sneeking around which can impact the environment around you if you are seen or not.  With realistic mechanics; Thief really puts the player in the characters role.A.I. is pretty good.  Very well put together game!"
,Not Recommended,239160,9278851,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,"Ok, this game is pretty buggy, and sucky for a starters, this is like one of those first person ""WTH, HOW DID HE NOT SEE ME?"" game's.+SUCK IT COD:GHOSTS RILEY THE DOG! Next GEN dog right here on THIEF? Umm no, more like last GEN on thief! Why is the dogs ONLY caged up? How can you call something NEXT GEN when all it does is bark and do nothing at all BUT BARK!?? At least have the dog out of the cage! AND SAY THAT AGAIN!! Like the dog on COD! At least they can say ""next gen"" since they have the dog actually do somthing besides BARK's ITS HEAD OFF ALL DAY!This game makes COD look like a actual enjoyable game!I have had alot of fun bit's playing this, but yet, their is only hundred things that bugs me ALOT!. When you are in the dark, and you stand right infront of a guard, he would not notice you at all. That left me standing their with a extended poker face when I was standing only like 3cm away.I think people would appreciate this game ALOT more if the veiw range was not as bad as the veiw range for the guards on dishonored beta. Maybe have a option of increased veiw range *For guards?Also, their should also be a option to skip that scary abandoned city chapter as well, that big factory/mansion that is full of the mannequins who haunt you, because some of us here do not appreciate HAVING to go through some big scary mansion, in order to proceed through the game.I feel their is alot missing to this game, I just cant quite figure it out.Maybe that their is not a co-op so I could play thief and sneak around with my friend.Or that I witnessed a bug where my arm went through a door when I went to close it.Or maybe it was the horrid FPS and random glitches that went off as I tried to play. I have a pretty good pc computer and I had to turn the settings down to ""low"" to even get to a 15Frames Per Second average. *WITH NOTHING RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND*The game glitches out here and their as well, very common thing..Heres the Picture of proof:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=232647576Their is still many more glitches, bugs in this game. This is just one of those ""WTF Moments"".Another thing, when I attempted to redeem those soundtracks, I had to go though and experience the WORST service's ever! I had a file download error here and their, and I had no option to redownload the soundtracks. I had to go through at least 4 hell damned support contacts to just get all 10 soundtracks! Damn I would not want to use that service again because the support their SURE TOOK THEIR SWEET TIME to reply! I ever wonder how many complaints they get everyday. Especialy for this game.Anyway, overall this game seems like a pretty fine game... But.. Thats the ""THEORY"" the IDEA of the game. The actual game sucks, it lags even on low quality.The NPC's can NOT see you *even on hard mode, When you stand at least 3cm away from them in a very light shadow.I'd wish the people who run thief would constantly update the game for their is MANY thing's they have to fix. But yet, I am obviously asking for too much and their is nothing I can do.I know they are laughing at me and the other somewhat thousand gamers that purchased this game thinking that it was actualy going to be as good as they promised it would be. I know right now that they are waving our money at us and having a good laugh, at how many people they tricked.They have put the thief series to shame. Why down such a good series along with the fan's?Its also very interesting how I found this stupid game being sold on a special for $33.34 ON STEAM! .... HMM! I WONDER WHY? (I payed $50)Have they lost the gamer's trust? I hope so, because they surely lost the people that purchased the game.I have not played this game for a while because I find it shameful and ridiculous.I wont be suprised if the creators of this game create yet another crappy game and sell it as a $50 game, and give it a $3 discount for the first week, thinking us gamer's are privileged to have such a low-classed crappy game? I'm better off playing crysis warhead under ""very high"" and not get lag as bad as I would of thief. (ON A LOW SETTING)I think this game should be sold for only at the highest $20, for that is all it really should be worth.This game is pretty unique... In a bad way. I do not recommend this game AT ALL!Save your $50 BECAUSE THIS IS NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!I wont be suprised when this game becomes a $20 in a year or less. Unless they continue to trick unsuspecting gamer's for something that is really not that good. Especialy when promising the game is ""OUTSTANDING"" or ""WHAT-EVER THEY SAY THAT IS NOT THE CASE""!I HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO BE NICKED OFF! Because I PAID $50 AND GOT A VERY SHAMEFUL REMAKE IN RETURN. I am not interested in buying anymore games that this.Company or what-ever created this dreadful game.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME! SAVE YOUR MONEY ON MANY BETTER THINGS!I'm warning you not to purchase this game! It is very bad, especialy good game and many other previewer's give this game a bad rating."
,Recommended,239160,29475910,Posted: 24 January,all,Exterminans27,"I never played any of the old Thief games so I have no idea how this one compares to them.Judging this game just by itself though I would definitely recommend it.There's a nice variety of gameplay and the stealth element has been implemented really well.The graphics are pretty nice and I really loved the dark, sometimes scary (I'm looking at you chapter 5) atmosphere."
76561197966757791,Recommended,239160,29431850,Posted: 22 January,all,PatCat,"I remember playing the Thief Deadly Shadows back in 2004 and how I spent hours on it. It was one of the best games out there for me, as well as the first ones in the assasin/thief genre playstyle, way before Assasins Creed got its renown. This title brings back fond memories and the story line is awesome. Love it!"
76561198073026849,Recommended,239160,29433459,Posted: 22 January,all,Regis,"Overall a great game for gamers who enjoy the stealth genre.Pros:-It offers a highly customizable experience when it comes to difficulty.-Awesome athmosphere that really makes you feel like the biggest badass one could ever find in the shadows.-Chapter five was probably one of the scariest moments in gaming for me.-Good game for those who are new in the stealth genreCons:-The story could definitely have been more detailed. This really bothers me, since most of the characters and the world seem to have a great potential.-I would have preferred if the game allowed me to be a bit more creative, like in e.g. Dishonored. The options you have seems very defined and limited."
,Recommended,239160,9302887,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Virjex,the game starts good. with a new twist for first person stealth.. give it a shoot if you like a good challenge
76561197970616511,Recommended,239160,14162695,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,JojoTheSlayer,"I loved the other Thief games and this one, while somewhat flawed in some areas like the story, its still better than Thief 3. The sneaking and rest of the gameplay is rather good. Just keep in mind that you will restart the game a few times to get the setup you want. As in no hud and so on.Pro:The look is amazing.You can still look through keyholes, open locks better than before, light and shadows still count etc.The AI is decent and kills you rather fast if you get detected. Overall the game mechanics are very good.Lots of arrow types.Cons:Some missions feel a bit cramped even if they have decent scale. Side mission unlocks ingame windows you enter that have loading screens. So even if its not too bad. There are more loading screens than most PC games.Illogical loot positions. People are getting hanged for stealing bread, yet you find gold all over the place etc.Gangsta bow. You shoot sideways and without a hud its hard to use. Which breaks immersion in my view.While there is lean in the game. There is no ""free form"" lean. You have to be at a corner...Main story didnt draw me in because I have played the other games. They kinda cheapened Garret in my view.Overall, if you are into stealth I really recommend this game and its often on sale at given times.Of course you should play on Master level."
,Not Recommended,239160,33433814,Posted: 10 July,all,Матушка Россия,"The sound literally didn't work AT ALL! I played the whole game on xbox and enjoyed it somewhat, so I got it on PC for 5 bucks and I don't think that even 5 Euros was cheap enough for the game. It is a subpar game and a horrible port."
76561198009125546,Not Recommended,239160,33414971,Posted: 9 July,all,MintBerryCrunch,glichy just glitchybad npc detection system (find you/alerted when no cause)
,Not Recommended,239160,13835434,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ThatOneTimeISnortedAnAnus,"A new vision to an old game, it is what they say. Eidos Montreal does an good job at bringing back the stealth crepper and crawlers. The game is immersive and brings a new graphical look to the Thief franchise. Problems? Of course. The game is ruined by the usual Square Enix plauge. The major issue of this game is a lack of framerate. The game is completely unstable from frame to frame. The publishers also completely make this game unplayable on the PC without a controller of some sort; it literally took me an hour to figure out which key was for each control. Square Enix has proven once again they do not care about the PC user base. Aside from a solid couple hours of gameplay; a decent story; a nice environment, Thief is best played on consoles or with a PC based controller."
,Recommended,239160,9312937,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Myra Mistweave,"I really enjoyed my playthrough of the game, I've finished it once and plan to go back through to try and get more achievements (and just because I like being Garret).  I'm not sure why this game is getting such a bad wrap.  Sure, it's a little buggy but I imagine they'll be patching that in the days to come.  It's a solid thief/sneakery game and I was delighted to have Garret back.  I really hope more levels and content is released for it as I have liked what's come out far.  I greatly enjoy that upon completing the game you can keep your save and go back to levels to pick up anything you might have missed.My biggest complaint would be the plot, it had a lot of holes and just issues in general.  Spoilers will follow from this point so if you don't want to read them then please discontinue.No really I'm about to list spoilers.Spoilers:What the hell was going on with Erin.  She clearly wants Garret to save her...and he goes through all this crap he likely shouldn't/probably wouldn't do for her.  Then you get to her and even though they hint she's more or less in love with Garret through the entire game; her reply to his involvement is: 'lolz now I wanna kill you ♥♥♥♥ off'.  So 'surprise' last boss was a facepalm joke.  Also her just 'being out there somewhere' so they could try and make a sequal is such a cop out.  Of course that character in general lacked development beyond: 'stupid ♥♥♥♥♥' which sums her up in two words.  I really hope any downloadable content in the future (and I hope there is some) does not involve this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor character.Aside from the clear plotholes I thought the game was solid and I had a lot of fun.  I think too many people ♥♥♥♥♥ too much.  Now that the plot of 'why' is out of the way I'm gonna go enjoy some more gameplay XD"
,Not Recommended,239160,13944941,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,RageFuel,"Thief is an action packed game with tons of cool tricks and skills you learn along the way. The way you can stay hidden by hiding in the shadows is great. The first couple chapters were great, I was shooting guards getting necklaces etc. But as the game progresses it kinda sucked. :/ The ending for a start was extremely bad? Why does *she* come back to life? It's just not realistic. A better ending would be to have a giant bank hiest or something. But no... argh, I was really enjoying playing the game but the progression was terrible. Well, it's not up to me to decide weather you buy a game or not. But I rate this a 4/10 -Dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,239160,13701990,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Andrew the Jew,"i dont like the story it kinda killed off the fan base...garret turned into batman (atleast he isnt robin hood) when asked why do you steal he just says thats what u do....also  he has a big thing about not killing you just have to see for your self how much of a batman he hes also i kinda miss the old guards from ealier thief they were overly british drunk people and now there a evil popo that have the pleague (COUGH COUGH DISHONERED)the levels are  kinda fun and creative  i wish the compound bow could be more useful to solve stealth puzzles but i found me not using it very often but instead you use it once every 30 minutes wich REALY sucks becasue the thing that made other thief games fun and unique was the compound bow....you can use it to rope climb up  to another place but it also stinks that you can only use it in places that the devs said yes you can use it here wich is basicaly NOWHERE and 99.99% of the lights are eletric so the water arrow is useless the only usefull arrows are blunt(cheap used to set up distractions and traps) saw tooth, normal and chocking arrow. and thats the main thing that sucks about this gamethe over world is terrible  easy to get lost and hard to get ANYWHERE the devs where like WHAT people exploring?!?!?!?!!?!? screw them!!!!! lets punish them until the end of time!!!!! and climbing isnt done right...they could of fixed this so easily with the rope arrow but no..... but when you do get there the levels and some of the sidequest are realy fun (they could of been alot better with a buffed compound bow like i said again) and i kinda like how screwed you are if they accualy do find you...its kinda stupid that they look at one object for a long time then look at another object for 30 minutes so its realy easy to get behind them6.8 disapointing could of  ben way more fun if the map was disigned like a puzzle and the compound bow was your tool that would BE A AWESOME gimmick"
,Recommended,239160,13698205,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RFClassify,sucks♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239160,21150516,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,mok_kw,Good game. Good setting and graphic.
,Recommended,239160,22705177,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,geNthytiS[9].,One of the best stealth game with amazing story ;)
76561198021652387,Recommended,239160,22646681,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jady,good game!
76561198014760108,Not Recommended,239160,15958052,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,NesRsT,"- Nudnejsi stealth jsem snad jeste nehral.(Hre Dishonored to nesaha ani po kotniky)- Pribeh naprosto k smichu.(Coz je u takove hry primarni) Cosi o tajemnem artefaktu ,ktery muze ukrast jen Mistr zlodeju    a zachranit lidi od utrpeni....bla...bla.(Cutsceny absolutne nezvladnute)- Mistr zlodeju krade tuny obycejnych cetek?(Nudne)- Barvy jsou otresne.- Hratelnost je tak nudna ,ze vas bude uspavat.+Odinstalovano.Nedoporucuju je to ztrata casu! Radeji si zahrajte starsi Zlodeje nebo Dishonored."
,Recommended,239160,29335601,Posted: 18 January,all,Jack O Lantern,"I love this game, the dark, gloomy atmosphere and setting, gameplay graphics and pretty much everything was and is amazing :).Definitely buy this game, 10/10."
76561198052906750,Recommended,239160,12918706,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SkySheep,"Linear... but with many a secret! Worth playing, especially if on steam sale!"
,Recommended,239160,17324436,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Tenshi,-Bought the game-Played for some hours got pretty far-Pretty cool game-Got to chapter four-Weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happens-Got beaten up by invisible monster-Women looks at me through keyhole♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Bricks-Have to get item in back the back of a stage-Stage is filled with mannequins-Goes in the back of the stage-Finds the item turns around all the mannequins is up in my face♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bricksdiarrheamode-Now I have to play the game in the present  of other people and toilet10/10 would play again if enough toiletpaper
,Recommended,239160,27282339,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ĢѧмвῖŦ,First stealth game type I ever played. Ground breaking and mind blowing. So much fun I will always remember this game and love it forever.
76561197971073368,Recommended,239160,15592427,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"To be honest, my memory of Thief games are like this one, not perfect, ruddy annoying getting round levels, never enough ammo, guards stupid but dangerous. I don't recall the others being that much different, they didnt offer you to be able to run around a big open world freely....you were stuck rigid to where you were 'allowed' to go.......... hence why no chance I'd pay full price for it!!!  Worth it for a couple of coins.....Utterly stupid thing is opening a indow that just happens to be a loadingarea......what?Stupid.so ultimately yes, this game isn't perfect, it's good looking, the voice acting is a bit pants. But it's playable and enjoyable.....so I give it hmmmmm 6/10 so far......no idea how far in I am......2hrs or so.Plus I quite like stealing things. So this goes well as I eat my hoard from Asda and Tesco"
,Recommended,239160,15598127,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Woodrow7576,"I noticed this game was 80% off on the Daily Deal so I picked it up.  I was interested in it when it first launched but decided to pass once I read the reviews, and all the problems the game had at launch.  Before  I pulled the trigger, I read some user reviews and the amount of negative reviews with 30+ hrs of game play told me 1 of 2 things: Either this game has been significantly improved since launch and the reviewer forgot to go back and edit the original review, OR people aren't happy unless they are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about something.  Anyway, for $6ish for the special edition I decided to give it a shot.  I enjoy it for the most part, yes you have to get past some bad dialog, but the game mechanics are were it shines.  I have not played the original three Thief titles so I am coming at it with a fresh perspective.  I also usually don't play the stealth/infiltration titles so even though this game isn't usually in my wheel house, I am enjoying it so far.  I will say that I would not recommend this game at full price, snag it on sale for when you just need something new to occupy your time."
76561197992153129,Not Recommended,239160,9354159,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,bemonolit,"score from 1 to 10  is 3  an other fail , same as thif 3 and duex ex 3 and duex ex HR"
76561197960478509,Not Recommended,239160,9360607,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Beekay,"c'mon, stealing everything on two tables, on this jewelry guy and in his safe, including the letter he is currently writing and he doesn't react puzzled to at least something missing is very ... well, poor designed. The AI seems stupid as hell  and as a player you don't have the feeling of freedom. Everything just feels pre-planned including the ways one can go and the scripts of the AI behaviour seem very limited. I was really dissappointed. I expected the AI to react better, like recognizing open doors, open safes, missing things, etc. It's not really a challenge, it's just moving in the shadows, hammering ""E"" and collecting stuff to get gold. Feels boring after one chapter.positive things are:the atmosphere is great, graphics is okay, the guards are talking funny stuff as in the old thief games, but that's about it, tho."
76561198128142532,Recommended,239160,27268680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Chow,Silence and Shadow
,Recommended,239160,27368888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,csgobounty.com pvpro.com,nice story and no dlcs required to play....stealth approach is the best as well as the graphics level is good too....
76561198006525965,Recommended,239160,25812699,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,masterthief30,"I honestly don't understand the hate this game receives.  The original series (Thief: The Dark Project and Thief 2: The Metal Age) are far-and-away my favorite games of all time, and I both played and level edited for them both heavily back when they first came out.  While this reboot of the series is certainly no Thief or Thief 2 in terms of its storyline, characters, or memorable factions (can you really top Hammerites, Pagans, and Mechanists?), I still think it is a good game and actually signicantly improves on the stealth gameplay in the original series, lockpicking mechanic, and really takes the open world hub aspect of Thief 3 and fleshes it out to a much more satisfying extent.  The graphics are gorgeous even years after launch, and even though there are areas the game could have been better mechanically in addition to the aspects already mentioned, if you're looking for a modern stealth experience I'd say there's nothing that holds a candle to this new Thief.Add: In comparison to Dishonored, it's a different game and people who make the comparison without clarifying their thoughts are being disingenous and, frankly, not very critical in their thoughts.  Dishonored is a much more action-oriented game even if you're going through the game attempting to do it via stealth.  Most of the hate I see this game receive from Dishonored fans amounts to their own misunderstandings about what a more methodical stealth game looks like, especially one that's not an on-the-rails experience like Dishonored is, and then being upset when that's not what they find.  That's not to say Dishonored is a bad game- I enjoyed it a great deal, in fact - but it is not the same as Thief, and people shouldn't treat it as such."
76561198115098348,Recommended,239160,27246102,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SirGandalfBerzington,Great game.
76561197971750979,Recommended,239160,12104200,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Ryvenn,"Atmospheric and engaging role-playing game (I know that's not the genre) for everyone wanting to live a digital life as a thief in a rich, detailed environment.  I'm not making this recommendation based on the story, voice-acting, combat any of usual elements that are created to suck you into a game world.  What this game does really well is make you feel like a thief who really wants to steal everything he can get his hands on without getting caught.Is this game for everyone?  Not a chance.  It will bore the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people who don't like playing as a thief and sitting evaluating the situation for several minutes at a time or who are just playing for the story.  If that's you, then don't bother.  However, if you really want to explore every inch of a lovingly created city that totally captures the claustrophobic, dark, and seedy feel like a perfect thief playgroud then I definitely recommend you giving this game a try.  I really hope that all the negativity on how this isn't like Dishonored or the original Thief games doesn't detract from that basic fact.  I've played them all and none of them made me feel like I was dropped into the role of a thief like this one."
76561198125901952,Not Recommended,239160,9354416,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Buscar,"I try so hard to like this game and overlook its many flaws but I just can't. With horrible combat, little to no graphical  potential and a stupid world to explore for 10 minutes before you run out of things to do. acomplete wast of 50 dollars. For 20 dollars less go for a much better option Skyrim or if you allready have it oblivion which is also an exelent game."
76561198032251126,Not Recommended,239160,9354777,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Markus,"I so wanted this to be a great game, being a long time fan of the series. Alas, it's not. The AI (or lack thereof), the many loadscreens, and weird story keeps me from enjoying this as much as I hoped for. Dishonored is a better game for stealthy thievery IMO."
76561198104880873,Recommended,239160,12029756,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Spaceship_bus,I dont understand why people hate theif its fun and if you like steath games where you must stay hidden youll love theif
76561197975884952,Recommended,239160,12149809,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Radikal_1,"This game has plenty to offer to both new players and old fans of the franchise.  However; the game is best played on Master level regardless of your prior experience with the series.  Master difficulty level actually forces you to play with the spirit and intent of the original Thief series.  Stealth, loot, and no killing...after all; the mark of a good thief is nobody knowing you were there in the first place which makes killing irrelevant.  If one approaches this game from a twitch/FPS playing perspective, they will most likely wind up disappointed; which is where I suspect many of the poor reviews come from.  Thief is extremely enjoyable when played correctly."
,Recommended,239160,12856757,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"I played this thing from start to finish. It has polish and it shows that the developers put a lot of effort in to the game. The game play mechanics, controls, graphics, and audio are all good. The story isn't bad either -- it isn't all that interesting in the beginning, but it gets more interesting as you progress through the game.It seems that the majority of the negative reviews revolve around people being butthurt over the fact that it isn't like the original thief games. Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ deal with it."
76561198028255555,Not Recommended,239160,9358830,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,kanrath,"Within minutes of installing them game I was already encountering issues, with the game often taking 3-4 minutes to start up and get past a black screen to even show companie logos. This was followed by being required to create a square enix WITHOUT the ability to imput an old already created account. Thus I ended up entering one of my emails, which procceeded to lead into a mess of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥instructions on what to do afterwards, leading to a situation where one has no idea if they have succeded or not. After about 5 minutes of trying I decided to go straight to square's web site and work from there so I clicked back on the create an account screen Thief had popped up, which went back to the starting screen EXCEPT without any buttons, and nothing I did created any reaction from the game, though it was still running at which point I was fored to force shut down the game. In the process of getting the squar enix account attacked to thief this occured two more times, also accompanied by up to 5 minutes of waiting for the game to even go beyond the black screen.At this point I shut shut down the game for the third time, wrote this up and have deleated it from my PC until either it's fixed or I feel like dealing with the mess long enough to get somthing out of it which is unlikely. A disapointment and not somthing I would encourage anyone anywhere to download on PC. Stick to console, you may have better luck, because clearly Steam didn't even try to see if this game was playable before tossing it on their front page.Full disclosure, I play many Alpha/Beta or early access games and Thief would in its current condition in my honest opinion have never passed testing/lead review and recieved the go ahead as it is now if someone had not been rushing it, likely from the money side of things."
,Not Recommended,239160,9354833,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,kain172,Game played on day of release. Not any more!! Black screen after game launcer. Seems to be a common fault for pc users. Response from Square was increase virtual memory which does not rectify the problem. Waiting for the makes to create a patch so I can play the game. At the moment I feel I have wasted money on a game that is unplayable. Wait until this has been sorted before buying.
,Recommended,239160,14804100,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,"It helped curve my addiction to Dishonored, great game overall, only a few bits I didn't care for. Solid 8/10."
76561198169050299,Recommended,239160,14854868,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DeltaHuluBWK,"I've never played any of the Thief games before (honestly, I didn't realize there was a series), so I was a little off. It was an enjoyable game with a fun balance of sneaky and fighting where you can pick what suits your style. I'm more of a fighter from the shadows (like in Batman Arkham games), but i enjoyed the challenge of trying to remain a ghost in the shadows.The cons: It was difficult to traverse the map. I thought a lot of the buildings and areas looked repetitive and usually reached my destinations by chance rather than knowing where I was going. The final third of the story left something to be desired (again, coming from someone who hasn't played the other Thief games). I was left me with a few questions from the start that never seemed to be addressed, but overall it didn't affect the gameplay.The pros: Lots of variety and ways to customize your heist or attack. From distracting guards with a blunt arrow or putting out a light with a water arrow to starting a brawl with a blast hour and a few focus enhanced sawtooth arrows and everything between. I'll probably play through some of the chapters again and try out new methods.Overall, I'd recommend it if on sale.7/10"
76561198067997807,Not Recommended,239160,18476584,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,The Entire Population Of Norway,I like this game i really do but it crashes every 20 mins
76561198061692455,Recommended,239160,24166837,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,slschuga,"Thief (the reboot) is a decent stealth game, and it can certainly be fun. It is nowhere near as good as the original Thief games or Dishonored. You need to lower your expectations in order to enjoy it.Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,239160,18149783,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,rafasc_94,"another bad stealth game after another. This game tries to be a stealth game but cant really, it tries to be a open world but cant really, a parkour game but cant really. i didn't even finished the game the story seems pointless and is uninteresting. the controls are an abomination having keys that you will use one time because the normal keys dont work in that particular area, another stealth game that think it needs a combat mode while on enemy alert adding more pointless kyes into the roaster, its an ""open world"" with a bunch of loading screens and one way corridors. Conclusion the game is bad dont buy it, i wasted 7 euros on the something edition and i regret it"
,Recommended,239160,24769743,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,"creepy atmosphere, lot of sneaking or if you're like me KILL EVERYTHING IN SITE. you'll love this game too."
76561198118637388,Recommended,239160,14552174,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lil Goof,Awesome..... Thats all folks!
,Recommended,239160,9287429,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Icymountain,"If you like stealth games, its pretty good."
76561198165623542,Recommended,239160,33089717,Posted: 1 July,all,Playful_Pineapple,Noice
,Recommended,239160,17786509,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,PsychøTrønics,"In some ways, this game was missing some of the things I loved from the original Thief series, but it makes up for it by still being a great stealth title with beautiful worlds to explore, tight controls, lots of gadgets and weapons to aid you in your thievery and of course, presenting the player with the immersion and feeling of being a Thief in the night."
,Recommended,239160,26930468,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BumbleBear,"This new installation of Thief is sadly know to be a poor sequel to the great reputations of its predecessors. I, however, disagree. The only thing I personally feel that bothers me is the short amount of gameplay (which really isn't even that short as I have ~30 hours from a predominantly single player game). Perhaps if they made a few more missions or maybe a few more side quests to do, this game would definitely be up towards the 8 or 9 out of 10 range in my opinion. But the gameplay and storyline is very compelling. It keeps you on the edge of your seat with goose bumps quite often. It pains me to see this game receive so many negative reviews when it really was a great addition to the already great series.With all that being said, I would grant this game an overall 7 out of 10 due to the great storyline and development of the already interesting protagonist, Garrett, along with the very memorable moments I shared on several missions and cinematics that made me shiver or grit my teeth in anticipation. Highly recommend to anyone who appreciates quality stealth gameplay."
,Recommended,239160,11982515,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Gary Abusey,"Great game, truly epidemizes the sneaking technique. Some of the best mechanics on sneaking and being able to choose how a level goes. I give 9/10. Perfect mechanics, but still is 19 gigs or so when I got the master theif edition."
,Recommended,239160,21933474,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,H^X0R1(x)_Φ,6/10Great game but constantly crashes.
,Not Recommended,239160,17590530,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Moppy Choppy,"Dis gem also suqs massif diqs. Terribad, dun buy. I paid 5$, what a ♥♥♥♥in w8st."
76561198109324790,Recommended,239160,18702848,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Sir,"Thief is amazing for people who like stealth games and looting, and the story is pretty nice too!"
,Recommended,239160,18808185,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,V10th,:D
76561198085928472,Recommended,239160,19196826,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,citizenofyuggoth,"I have no connection to the old games, so i enjoyed it. However, fans of the older games may find this lacking in most department's except graphics"
,Recommended,239160,21738572,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,KnockMO90,"Initial review: I'm amazed on how stunning and well thought out this game is. For only having 3 hours total play, I'm really loving the story and how I feel immersed in the story. The mechanics down to the AI are so precise that it seems so real. I highly recommend this game for anyone that wants a challenge in stealth."
76561198208927761,Recommended,239160,22985828,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ColdBladeRising,Very fun with some interesting concepts.
,Recommended,239160,29845730,Posted: 11 February,all,Revise,Can be challenging and highly enjoyable.
,Recommended,239160,15720231,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Haulof,"good story, good physics, and good. 10/10"
76561197999645085,Recommended,239160,15918137,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Z3dd3X,"Cool atmosphere, and a great main story. I enjoyed this game pretty much and i'd recommend it to anyone who like sneaking/stealth. :)"
,Recommended,239160,14671190,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SlothTheHero,Love this game! When ever I feel like playing a game that requires a lot of sneaking this is a great game to play!
,Recommended,239160,15639993,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Squidcap,"I've missed you Garrett, feels good to have you back.7/10 tho, could have been less AAA"
,Recommended,239160,15797066,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Frosty,"Despite of some of the bad-rating reviews you read, this game is a must have.From jumping to climbing and sneaking to running, this game covers every possible mode of action.I have played this game on the PlayStation and loved it, I went away from it for a while, bought it on steam and fell in love with it again. This is an amazing game.A great story, job well done!9.6/10:)*Buying CS:GO knives*"
76561198092235144,Recommended,239160,16482897,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,chazmorris,"Haters gonna hate, but i loved this game! the way the game looks it great and its so much fun :) 7/10 love it !!!"
,Recommended,239160,15502462,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr Faorry,"all i can say is, great game, now to play some more"
,Recommended,239160,15595963,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Chr0me_,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing
,Recommended,239160,15758946,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,DragonReborn729,very awesome game. the stealth mechanics in this game are great. definitely a great buy.
76561198038480975,Recommended,239160,15868578,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,prfroehner,Great stealth game! It provides a amazing environment and usability. Nice storyline.
,Recommended,239160,16543610,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dank Hill (AKA Mr. Pro Pain),"Good continuation of the Thief series.  Good graphics and well optimized.  Storyline is far superior to that of previous Thief games, and the missions are a little more interesting.Be warned -- this may run ""Thief shipping"" process in the background and inflate your time in game.  So careful with the thing if you're looking at maybe getting a refund.  I accidentally logged 9 hours today."
,Recommended,239160,17364465,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Coxon,"Ash tray, goblet and cutlery stealing simulator 201410/10"
76561198007602685,Recommended,239160,15760603,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,NICK ALTMAN,All people who played original Thief back in the day will like it.
76561198091746854,Recommended,239160,16029472,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mig,"+Graphics+Story+Gameplay+MANTLE Api (On AMD card better performance up to 100% better than Directx 11)test on AMD phenon II x4 950 vs INTEL I7 4770K with AMD R9 290x.Dx11 ulta 2k vsync on: phenon 15/25fps , I7 45/60.Mantle ulta 2k vsync on: phenon 55/60 I7 4770k 59/61-no online-MANTLE(not work on Nvidia cards and some Amd card )-loading times (to fix need an SSD )8/10"
,Recommended,239160,16092324,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cam,Tacos
76561198054713351,Recommended,239160,17803271,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Totentor,I just wanted to have fun and sneak around but then things got serious and I got scared
76561198056352614,Recommended,239160,17914785,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"I can't believe I passed this up when it was released on the console. This game has a gothic theme that plays right along side the storyline, and the gameplay is very good compared to some of its competitors. (ie... Assassin's Creed or AC) Would I say that it is as good as AC? No. AC is much more involved and the combat is much more intricate and in depth.This game doesn't make you rely on your muscle to win, but simply encourages you to use stealth. In fact the main character in the storyline doesn't believe in killing; I kind of like that.The character models are a bit dated because of the release date of this game on the console, but the depth of the game as far as storyline and gameplay easily make up for it.If you are into stealth games (MGS, AC etc..) this game is definitely a good pick for you, but I would have to say that this game is just a little above average. I wouldn't put it in the same class as AC and MSG so easily. This game wasn't made with as much love as AC or MSG, but if you digg dark storylines, I think you will easily be happy buying this game."
76561198152401694,Recommended,239160,19115387,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,edita_r,"super game. recommend it to those who like stealth games, dim and gloomy steampunk atmosphere,"
,Recommended,239160,17759828,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Z A R Y,"Not a bad game , especially stealth very straight mesmerizing!"
76561198025553153,Recommended,239160,18276381,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Barry The Violator!,"This is literally Thief rebooted. I've played deadly shadows and this is pretty much Garet. Sneak around and find all the collectibles, whack guards and reveal the chilling secrets of The City. Very fun game, graphics are high and brilliant if you got the right GPU. Gameplay is the best for a stealth game, unlike dishonored, you can't go 4v1 and win, you can barely do 1v1. Brilliant game, best for stealth.Buy this game!!!!!!"
76561198118484774,Recommended,239160,18345974,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Zoaruon,An absolutlely awesome game!!!!!
,Recommended,239160,18719022,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,L0m1s_,helped me cure my fear of the dark 10/10
76561198089287039,Recommended,239160,18555404,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Glitch Titan,"one of my favorite games, i wish they would make more like it, and continue garrett's story"
76561198194448178,Recommended,239160,18602011,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fatal1st,gg
,Recommended,239160,18685628,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,🎉,✔ OK
76561198056325353,Recommended,239160,18704305,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,catgrower1,"Not sure why this has so many negative reviews. However, I do miss the ""Taffers""."
76561198091497724,Recommended,239160,18965423,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Krabby The Clown,amazing im impressed
76561198076272529,Recommended,239160,18183673,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Fizro,"This game was alot of fun. It had everything it needed. I have never played Thief games before but this game is definitely worth a try!The story line was great, there were alot of different missions and you have to be smart to get through some of them. Some missions were also scary which was really well done.The puzzles in this game were alot of fun and while you could do everything stealth mode like an assassin i also had fun trying to kill everyone.If you are looking for a game to play that has Adventure/Action/Stealth/Puzzles in it this is definitely a game for you!"
76561198021185056,Recommended,239160,18230013,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,xXCRACKHEADXx,sTILL a cLASSIC
,Not Recommended,239160,16634970,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SlEePyKiLlEr18,I bought this for tf2 items but they never dropped so I i go to 1.5 on this
,Recommended,239160,35191502,Posted: 24 September,all,The Back Street Boy,If you have patience this is a great game. It promotes strategy and forces you to decide who you want to knock out and why. For the most part it was a really interesting story line. Like most people said chapter 5 was by far the most spooky and thrilling. I almost wish the guards were smarter AI because you can knock one out climb up a wall wait a minute and do it again. Nobody will ever follow you.
,Recommended,239160,35237730,Posted: 27 September,all,[SL]Thurunion,"Action? No. Story? YesSo, I'm not sure if I already wrote a review, however, I will say this:When I was looking through the reviews, a lot of what I saw was people complaining about how all it seems like you do is steal forks, knives, candle holders, and other miscellaneous items. This is a stealth game and requires patience and attention to details. While yes, there is a ridiculous amount of miscellaneous things you will be able but not required to steal the game does offer other little things here and there. The game isn't so focused on every item you can steal, as it is on the story line.So, if you're someone who generally only plays fast paced games full of action, this probably isn't suited for you. However, if you enjoy stealth based games with a rich story line. I would strongly recommend this."
,Recommended,239160,15751392,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Coconut Butcher,"the best 5€ i have ever spend ;) if you find it at this price dont even think about it.. just get this game ;)BTW i didnt like the "" new  "" Garrett better bring us back the old one. His voice was so funny specially when hes dying. What a rofl .."
,Not Recommended,239160,9298440,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lawlsomedude,"This game fails its heritage. It's not a bad game, but a huge dissapointment. I've played the original games, then this, and this was just far too easy. I played on the hardest difficulty with none of the magical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and still blew through it in almost 3-4 hours. The side missions may have made it better, but I never bothered. The gameplay itself is solid enough. Actual combat feels awkward and difficult as it should.I can't recommend this to any hardcore Thief fan; it's too simple of a game. Any newcomers to the stealth genre (and I mean REAL stealth, not the Assassin's Creed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) could find this game entertaining only because of how dumbed down this is compared to its predecessors. If you're given a choice between this game or any of the previous titles, go old school."
,Recommended,239160,9313815,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,fqpl,brilliant game! just like Dark Project... with better grafics.
,Recommended,239160,9315240,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,FutanariKitsune,"You sneak the things, you steal the stuff.Is game10/10"
76561197992433400,Not Recommended,239160,9262769,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,juku699,"Not a terrible game but I was expecting more feels clunky,super linear, no free roam element story isnt really great so far I will continue to play but in my opinion this game will be 39.99 within a month or so I would wait untill this game is on sale than pick it up not worth 50$"
76561198089980926,Not Recommended,239160,9265265,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jackal,"Although I did  find it quite enjoyable it was lacking. Every turn there was a loading screen, the combat was generic and lacking, and really didn't bring much to the table when it comes to stealth, or really any inivations. I give a 7 IF it was $30 game but at the price they are marketing it at just get Dishonored with all the DLCs for a better buy. For the price I'd give it a 6 or maybe even a 5."
76561197981347911,Not Recommended,239160,9284026,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,BigRed Muvila,game seems to glitch on introdution no solutions to fix tried all graphics settings seem to be crashing my titan graphics card. or doesnt support it
,Recommended,239160,9283679,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"Brilliant! Read on.... This has all the hidden, gamer secrets I loved in the originals. This is such a modern/mature Thief. Yes is has a bug or 2 that will get fixed but the solid game play and very amazing graphics are what I was hoping for and that's exactly what I have gotten. If you are willing to be an adult and accept that there is more to offer games than an Assassins Creed rip-off that makes you fight 21 guards all at the same time (I like to call that BS) then Thief really is the game for you. Dishonoured was a short rip-off at any cost. My time is worth more and Thief can take it from me and I will be happy to have is taken. Enjoy, play it for yourself."
,Recommended,239160,9334112,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"Break into peoples apartments, pick pocket people in the street, sneak into an abandoned asylum, bash guards over the back of the head, stay in the dark and avoid the light. These are just a few of the things you'll be doing in Thief. If you can overlook all the little bugs and glitches, there is a fun time to be had.Full video review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49Gpq2asZGw"
,Not Recommended,239160,19878303,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,WotanRexus,"Most disappointing game in years, imo. Tons of other titles, in the genre, doeas everything better. And for the same price. I think this series is dead."
,Not Recommended,239160,9315587,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Captain Sarcazmo,"This game is so bad, I stopped playing after that level, where you need to look through holes into rooms, where people having sex, to reveal some symbols. You NEED to see man being beaten to the face by a half-naked woman to progress in this game. It sucks. It really do.***Эта игра просто отвратительна. Я не говорю даже об ужасной системе передвижения, об упоротом воровстве всего, чтоплохо лежит, я говорю о сцене в борделе, где вы вынуждены смотреть, как полуголая баба избивает мужика, слушая при этом их крики ""Давай, врежь мне еще, милая!"", раскатывыающиеся на все подземелье. Вам ПРИДЕТСЯ это слушать, ибо без внимательного осмотра комнат вы дальше пройдете."
76561198052051437,Recommended,239160,9676855,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,PaulGR,"I haven't really played the previous titles of 'Thief' so this is basically a review based purely on 'Thief: 2014.'Yes, it does remind of Dishonored, although this one is more realistic. You can't wield magic and teleport from rooftop to rooftop in Thief. No. You use your skills and a wide range of arrows to create paths in order to move around.-The dark atmosphere of the 'City' is fantastic.-The stealth system is good and high game difficulties can be a real challenge.What blew it, however, at least for me, was the endless loading screens you had to get through in order to travel in The City.The City - the world - is divided in small areas in which, to get from A to D you have to face:A > Travel for 20 sec - reach gate, game pauses, get asked if you want to proceed to next area > 30 sec Loading Screen > B > Travel for 20 sec - reach gate, game pauses, get asked if you want to proceed to next area > 40 sec Loading Screen > C > Travel for 20 sec - reach gate, game pauses, get asked if you want to proceed to next area > 30 sec Loading Screen > D > Finally Arrived.This, for me, ruined the momentum.Although small pauses, they were distracting me from really focusing on the game - couldn't the City be 'one?' Just one large (well, medium) map?PS: F***ing Chapter 4 is Outlast all over again. Get ready for some horror."
,Recommended,239160,14025025,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sweet-Tea,Spied on some people getting kinky in the basement of a brothel. 10/10Would be a perverted peeping tom again
76561198042240066,Recommended,239160,9272221,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,|OO| Kendal,"Ey man so far i b reely likin dis gaem. Theef b bout taken dat guap an givenit 2 da por lik robins hood. nah sayin? Dis gaems fiting is aight but not nuttin likin dishonor or skyrim. dis gaem b bout sneekin an getten pay. I got a cuplle probems doe. lik wit dis money i be gettin i cant spin it on wmeN? Man das some bulshit rite ther an let me tel u if i was out theeven lik i do in reel lyfe i always got a blaed nah sayin? Dis doo ant reelistac cuz he don kil no one when he be goin into howses an♥♥♥♥♥♥ So far i gues my probem just be wit dah gaem keepin it reel. but tha gaem is good looki, and the runnen and climbin b tite. i luv poppin out closets like r kelly n scarin guaards. foe me thief b getin a 7 2 7.5 or 1 of them 2 scores. yo dudes hangout is dum 2. lik why the♥♥♥♥♥u wana be up dat hi to live? Motha♥♥♥♥a you go be climbin up and dow dat♥♥♥♥♥♥everi night? u no jus for dat this gaem is stupid 4 out 10, i think baret is a dumb name 2, prince didn't writ a song bout u an u ain't raz berri k? Man this gaem be maken me rachet. stray up is fun doe"
,Not Recommended,239160,9356833,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,hd4200,"Коротко - игра симулятор мелкого вора. Так как вы всю игру воруете ложки. В самом сюжете игры ограблениям места не нашлось, либо они невероятно убоги.- Зачем в игру про воровство впихнули мистику и душевно больных?- Почему все интересные моменты в игре отодвинуты на второй план, или же хорошо спрятаны?- Почему здесь столько балок?- Загрузки?- Ради чего мы воруем вообще?- Что за бред?Это лишь краткий перечень вопросов/замечаний, которые скорее всего возникнут у вас при прохождении данной ""игры.Ближе к концу вас начнет подташнивать, ведь над ним никто не заморачивался - расставив на каждом углу кучу ботов и ложек.Единственный приятный аспект этого продукта - порт от Nixxes, в купе со звуком.Покупать только при солидной скидке, и разве что ради еще одной игры в библиотеке. И это выпустили в 2014-ом."
76561198127254693,Not Recommended,239160,28649796,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Werewolf,I just got this game. And when I try to play it. It only shows a black screen with no mouse. Just black. What is the proplem.
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,239160,12599515,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,tanelorn,My recipe for how Thief was created.Take one part DishonoredRemove anything interestingRemove system optimizationRemove any sense of freedomAdd load screensAdd canned animations (repeat as necessary)Add canned dialogue (repeat as necessary)Add button mashing...and you have the pure piece of garbage that is Thief.  To compare it to any of the other Thief games does the older games a severe injustice.
76561198020469794,Not Recommended,239160,12634097,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,thuv,this is simply the worst game i have ever played !
76561198062660608,Recommended,239160,9264650,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,The Albino Spy,Epic stealthy fun reviewers don't know what they're talking about with this one!However you need quite a powerful pc!
,Not Recommended,239160,13335961,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,GsG,Boring. No. BOOOOOOOOOORRRIIIIIINNG. Boring like ....
,Not Recommended,239160,25004720,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Xe - N,bad quality same mechanics
,Not Recommended,239160,23531884,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,UnDead Meth,"Played only an hour or so of this game. If I wanted something this on rails,I would go buy instead Euro Train Simulator on the Google App Store for a much cheaper cost.1/10 would buy, and that 1 out of 10 bought this by mistake during an Xmas Sale."
76561198065567765,Not Recommended,239160,9275542,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Darth_Vag,"this game is terrible. No orginality. set path bordom from the start, I actually cant be bother writing a review that is how I feel they felt when they created this. DO NOT BUY THIS WASTE OF $50 NZD"
76561198011640729,Not Recommended,239160,9283466,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kim Jong Un,hud broke 3 hours in and is unfixable.game is now unplayable because i cannot see what i am interacting with (i.e. lockpicking)
,Not Recommended,239160,13146793,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dab on the Haters,It's a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239160,9540301,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,seagull,Play how you want.PredatorThiefAssassinOpportunistRisk TakerArcherClub manLoyalistSabotagor.Doesn't Matter...Play How you way.     Best advice you can find.
76561198035900635,Recommended,239160,15463967,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Citizen Cook,"I want to tell you about my Thief experience.I've played for about 14 hrs so far so I think I can offer an informed opinion. I like it. A lot.I can't compare this game to others in the series because I have never played them. But have played all of the Splinter Cell game and I'm a huge stealth fan.There are no glitches in this game unlike what has been mentioned in some reviews at the time.Perhaps they were playing on consoles and the bugs only occurred on those or perhaps the developers have since released a patch that has rectified the reported issues.My initial issues with the game were the same as the reviewers and the those that commented on the game soon after its release last year. I found that guards could see me even though I was concealed completely by shadows. At the time I thought this was a glitch. That is also what the reviewers said.We were all wrong. It isn't a glitch.In other stealth games like the Splinter Cell series; when you are hidden in the dark; even though you are right next to a guard he can't see you. Well in Thief they can see you if you are near them and in front of them or to the side of them in their peripheral vision. The just get a feeling, a sense that someone is there, lurking in the shadows. You get a few second warning that they are becoming suspicious though.Of course, if you are behind them or outside their peripheral vision you will remain undetected.So used to playing the Splinter Cell games was I that It took me a while to understand this. Now I understand the game rules I find myself enjoying this game immensely.The game is deep, levels look gorgeous and the developers have crafted great levels that reward exploration and multiple egress roots within zones. Further, it is entirely possible to replay this game using different play styles and get an almost totally unique experience. After completion I've read that it is further possible to replay that game in a sort of New game +The game also supports differing play styles and unlike say Splinter Cell Blacklist actually manages to pull this off without pandering to a certain demographic or robbing the game of its hardcore stealthing roots.Trust me when I say this: This game is one of the best steal games I have ever played. Is it better than Chaos Theory? Hard to say. I replayed that game last year and Chaos Theory is still awesome and holds up today despite its now dated visuals. I will say this though;I think the single player experience equals it. I really do. once you get into it I feel confident that you will love it too.Its quite challenging, especially if you are going the stealth route, Just like how the original the Splinter Cell trilogy was. This game may actually be the most hardcore Stealth game I have ever played. Unlike the Splinter Cell series their are fewer gadgets to help you. You can acquire things called ""water arrows"" that allow you to extinquish some light sources. There are also ""focus abilities"" that will aide in stealth but these come later. I have still collect them.If I had to pick a fault with this game I would say that It would have been really helpful to  have an ingame instruction manual. I've only just learned aboout the swoop ability and how to look through keyholes. On the plus side however, the sound design is excellent and it is actually possible to hear the footsteps of a guard passing by on the other side of the door.Trust me guys and girls, buy this game!10/10"
76561197987851575,Not Recommended,239160,25020817,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ces :D,"Massive disapointment. This is easily the worst entry in the series for the following reasons: the levels are fairly linear, the voice actor sounds like a whiny self righteous emo kid (replacing the serious voice actors they had in Thief 1 and 2) and worst of all it simply doesn't work at times (load screen crashes) and is full of bugs even after its been out for several years (seems worse now, beat it quickl on luanch but comng back to it now and it won't load past the tutuorial). Thief 1 and 2 are top tier stealth thief games. This game is nowhere near the originals. Shame :("
76561198197302010,Recommended,239160,32616907,Posted: 21 June,all,Aaron,对于潜行，暗杀迷来说，神偷是一个不得不入的游戏，真的如果不杀一人的话特别特别需要潜行技巧，呢些卫兵不用多，感觉两三个就能把你干翻天.......可隐藏的阴影做的很细致，盗宝的路线多样化；但是剧情一般，全程感觉就是接任务偷东西回来接下一个任务，再有就是从一个地图到一个新地图竟然要进加载读取的页面，好歹把这个页面时间多加点剧情动画也行啊，看在它在潜入盗宝方面还不错的份上还是推一波吧
,Not Recommended,239160,9262821,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,FJheals,"It's a not bad game, it does have plenty of bugs that I've encountered as far as NPC's go, they tend to repeat what they're saying twice sometimes and even three times.Gameplay is fun so far, a little laggy as far as FPS goes running on 7870 (Feels like its not that optimized).I won't recommend it for now but hopefully they'll fix all these bugs."
,Recommended,239160,17232390,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Rampage,The Best Game Ever !!!
,Recommended,239160,9281724,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,«(MooP)»,"I don't know why this game is getting such hate, If you love stealth games then this game is for you! If you love stealing things and love taking things this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,239160,29347011,Posted: 18 January,all,qwer_tz,This game robbed me of my money. It's a thief! *Bum dum task*
,Recommended,239160,24404710,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Rzeszow.ml,This game Thief my money !11/10I get robbed again
,Not Recommended,239160,23643939,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Zeverus,"Drawer opening simulator. Serious note though I never really got into the old Thief games have not gotten to play them till recently and they were not to my tea, however getting this in a humble bundle I decided to give it a go. I truly dislike how I get so little money from having to constantly walk around opening cupboard and drawers and pick locks, if this was in the old games then I guess they are not for me. I do have to mention that the vision you get when pressing Y is disorienting and that the story from what I saw was pretty crap."
76561198023740151,Not Recommended,239160,21512024,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LongDongHomie209,LIke a not as good Dishonored
,Recommended,239160,34561812,Posted: 28 August,all,fanatiko 2.0,Solid 25hs of gameplay..
,Not Recommended,239160,9697076,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,pretty bitch,YOU GON' ♥♥♥♥ED UP
76561198133618247,Not Recommended,239160,10455303,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Jinx's Mad Jester,"Lets get some things straight, i have a $1000 custom made Alien Ware computer, it can run any game i have at the peak of its graphics and still run so smooth, but this game cant even run on medium without some of the worst lag. Its not my hardware, i check, and theres no system glitch, its the game. I went online to check and many people with my kind of hardware are having the same issues, its just broken from many crashes, super laggy works, and even the cutscenes sometimes dont give dialogue or the dialogue overlays ever thing. Its a ♥♥♥♥ing mess, but, with all its flaws, its still fun to go around and still what ever the hell i please. The story i could do without, and all the lag, glitches, and crashes almost make me want to not play the game, but over all stealing stuff is fun. You may have to restart it after every mission if you encounter the problems me and so many others did. There are ways to fix it i read but nothing to fully solve the problem, the developers should have spent more time on it, because for 2014, you better have a grade A to even have a chance against the games we have these days, WTF where they doing all this time? I prefer the older ones more to this, but it looks good when its not lagging and is fun to still♥♥♥♥♥♥ But alas, i must give this a thumbs down, its utterly unfinished, there is no excuse for such poor preformence on this kind of hardware, and its not just me.  I hope they make another one in maybe 6 years to come, put some distance between this one and learn what they need to do to fix this."
76561198033837968,Not Recommended,239160,19229508,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Potato Aim,"Sooooooo FREAKIN' BORING!And WTF with this ""picking every♥♥♥♥♥♥in the ground"" ... it should be named ""Begger"" or ""D!ck Sucker"" instead of theif.lol"
76561198101658920,Not Recommended,239160,16275242,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,YuriFromSiberia,If you're looking for a master piece with:Good GraphicsGood StorylineGood Gameplay MechanicsGreat Stealth MechanicsHas a mission where you go into a brothelThen Dishonored is the game for you.
76561197981636885,Not Recommended,239160,10479296,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Uα | ReGGie Gr33nGoD,"GAME = ABSOLUTELY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you like dishonored everything is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ consolized buy the game at ur own risk me a true fanatic thief 1,gold , 2 player cried when playing this for 1 day wish I never bought it"
76561198008920672,Recommended,239160,11125258,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,djangel,i waited so long for this game and its just awsome
,Not Recommended,239160,14059965,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,EUGHGEHGHEGHUEGUUUUHEGUHGUGEEEAAEAEHUGUGAEUGAUE!!!!!!
,Recommended,239160,9989467,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,เน็ตทรูหน้าหี,โด้ๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆ เกม fps stealth สมจริง ชอบมากเลย
76561198314157971,Recommended,239160,30846656,Posted: 30 March,all,878636414,支持中文就好了
,Recommended,239160,9496742,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Head Muesli,Great game with a lot of re-play value.Very challenging and insanely customisable game options.
,Recommended,239160,10926902,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Orion,Threw a guy down some stairs 10/10
76561198049568636,Recommended,239160,10952480,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Barnacle Boy,"Incredible game, a mass choice of options you have to engage the story, and a very dymamic feeling story, unique, amazing, and truely worth it.10/10"
,Recommended,239160,11113410,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Aaragon,Chapter 5 is 2spooky4me. Ghosts and crap yo. That just ain't right.
,Recommended,239160,11137768,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,noMs,"A very good game, perfect for the reckless thief, seeing as you can get away with it. Lots of goodies to find for the collector!"
,Recommended,239160,11186564,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lurtz,The guards are easy to kill off or get around them which makes the game kinda to easy :/
76561198022651817,Recommended,239160,11417847,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,DaveC07510,"I've been waiting for this game for five years.  I designed & built my new PC specifically for this game.  Bought a 10bit monitor etc.Was it worth the wait?  Yes, definitely, but with a very small 'but'.Gameplay and grafs are epically good IMHO.  I love playing this gameI love the new era.  Look and feel are excellent.What stops this game getting 10 out of 10, is the story.  It is simply not credible.  What is the point of creating the latest installment of the best game genre ever (thief 1,2 & 3) if the story doesn't crack it?So, 9/10, and please a bit more imagination in the story for Thief 5."
,Recommended,239160,11095073,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Deadmeat553,"Fun game until I got to the Asylum, then I had to nope the ♥♥♥♥ out of there."
,Not Recommended,239160,15221920,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Not_Good_At_Games,"now yes you can have lots of fun stealing stuff making you feel like a propper thief, their are still severel problems.1.AI is bad2.Open world dosn't feel open3.Parkour is inconsistent4.Combat is terribleGood things about the game1.Fun to steel stuff"
,Not Recommended,239160,13149309,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MagyRodgers,"When I first got this game I was impressed by its parkour/free running movements and graphics. The stealth mechanics were clever but there was just one massive problem. If you get detected by the enemies in close quarters it becomes a nightmare, the meele combat is just terrible. If you are in a 1 on 1 sutuation you will definitely come out alive, all you can do is press the dodge button and do a weak hit with your baton and the fight will last around 15 seconds thus attracting more enemies. The animations for these are all the same so it becomes quite boring/repetitive although it becomes way worse when you have two enemies to deal with in close quarters. Two or more enemies against you will all attack at different times meaning you have to spam your dodge button and not be able to attack. The only way to kill enemies efficiently in this game is to use your bow or sneak up behind them, a massive let down for me."
76561198064917802,Not Recommended,239160,14519997,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Quilty,You see your feet when you look down. Feet/10
,Recommended,239160,9290617,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ROW,Yoink!
,Recommended,239160,17321475,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jontxu,"Having played the old ""Thief""s years ago, and replayed them another time, this Thief was long expected and it absolutely lived up to my expectations. It may have many cinematic sequences, but it presents a well developed storyline with many sidequest lines to follow, specially if you are a bit of an OCD-player like I am. If you enjoyed the od game, this is a must."
76561198116807899,Recommended,239160,11968576,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,ShakenBacon,not much action
,Not Recommended,239160,18893068,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,`k2g,"its just plot, isn't much action"
,Recommended,239160,11587072,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Art Vandelay,"The overall game is really good, my problem is that the developers seemingly expect you to know everything. You're constantly being given objectives and tasks with little to no instruction right from the start of the game, that in conjunction with the complicated maps can make you get tired of it very quickly. Aside from these two issues, it's great. It has a very unique playstyle, kind of similar to Dishonored."
76561198065861808,Recommended,239160,11460783,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,The Flying Jelly Bean,"A good game overall, however it was not as good as i had hoped.  The story-line was fairly decent, the AI intelligence left a lot to be desired (even on master difficulty) it is easy to outwhit or out manuvre the AI simply by running away or by climbing a building.Not as good as the origional Thief series (especially Deadly Shadows) but a good game none the less.. although i could only stand one playthrough of the game, going back for another gives me the shivers."
76561198002639946,Recommended,239160,22819498,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Doug S - NJ,Lots of negative reviews...All I'm gonna say is I enjoyed it. 7 of 10 rating...
,Recommended,239160,11600975,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,S T i C K A N -,Like dishonered but better. :3
,Recommended,239160,10405746,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,entwaifu,"Absolutely amazing. The reviews have been generally unfavorable, but most complaints that have been leveled against the game are completely unfounded and generally whiny. I have this game on both PC and PS4, and having played both extensively, my only complaint is that the PC version is not well-optimized - it'll take some tinkering with the inis to get it running smoothly. It's a very subtle game; many people complain that the story makes no sense, but it all fits together if you take the time to read and connect every document. One of my favorites, and a must-have for anyone who enjoys the stealth genre."
76561198039525630,Recommended,239160,9494527,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Michael_1,"I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys stealth games and a really good story. Honestly, the writing is top notch in my opinion. But this is more than a stealth game. You literally LIVE in the darkness. The squalor and grime of the city is just the beginning. There are a few places to explore and things to steal aside from the main quest, which is excellent, and some parts are spooky as hell. There are worse things in the dark than you."
76561198049645225,Recommended,239160,10909189,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Manager,This is a very good game. I like the story and the gameplay is great.
,Recommended,239160,11604792,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nanoha,"An excellent game, definitely recommended.I did have to Google how to solve the strange texture pop-up though.. The engine seems to choose really high textures when up close and low textures when far away which is sensible but it transitions (pops..) between them very noticeably. You might be 1 meter from something and thing - wow that looks so blurry and then you walk a little closer and then suddenly it pops up in some wonderful high res... Then you back off and it's blurry again. I would rather play with textures on as low as they will go than put up with that as it is very noticeable. There are a few settings you can chance that will solve it (a quick Google as stated).Otherwise, despite the odd, very minor issue this is a fantastic game. Definitely makes a lot out of being a stealthy game with a good story to boot. Even the one boss fight you can choose to stealth rather than something like Dues Ex which all of a sudden forces you to fight. You can choose a play style in this (predator, ghost, opportunist as it goes in this) and stick to it if you so choose."
76561197962176087,Recommended,239160,28114158,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,tma73,Pretty decent 'Thief' game.  Has a bit of a different feel than the previous games.A few quirks but all in all worth it if you like the Thief style stealth.
76561198115944084,Recommended,239160,25599288,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,JazzeJesse0201,"I liked this game. I liked the steath aspect of it, and how the items work. But there are minor glitches here and there."
76561198055553238,Recommended,239160,30495034,Posted: 13 March,all,asyluma,One of my all time favorite games.  The graphics and first person gameplay are so advanced!  I love it!!
,Recommended,239160,30401565,Posted: 8 March,all,procrastinator,"Is this game amazing? NoShould you still play it? Yes, if you like stealth gamesIt's a beautiful game and I loved the gameplay.This game might be linear but some areas were well designed.There is some slightly scary parts (like the abandoned asylum part)But overall, I enjoyed it"
76561197972234665,Recommended,239160,18829745,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Flori der Fux,"The 30% negative reviews on Steam I entirely don't understand. Alright I admit, I never played the old Thief games. This one here is my debut. But even if the old Thief games were ten times better does not mean that this one here deserves a bad review. This game here without doubt was highly inspired by Dishonored. Walking through Thief, you smell Dishonored in each and every corner and yet it never reaches the epicness of it's great idol. And still this ain't no reason for a bad review in my opinion.Long story short, I entirely enjoyed my trip through Thief. The game has got weaknesses, alright. The level design is awful for example. And I'm not talking about the graphics, but about how the level fragments are being connected. Thief does not have an open world but is split into numberous rather small maps with ridiculously long loading sequences in between, even if loading from SSD, and often enough you gotta break into a house and climb through windows to make it from one map to the next. Awful 2.0 is the sound mixing especially of human voices that are either way too loud or not nearly loud enough depending on the situation. And our main character, well, he's not really one to like. Very pale, boring, selfish, totally not a hero-type. But enough for the cons.On the pro side, Thief provides a fantastic atmosphere. You are a master thief in a town with a cold and iron-fisted ruler. A mysterious plague has the town in its grip, the people suffer and the ruler only dreams of his industrial revolution. The setting is slightly steam punk, and very very dark. Through all the game, it seems to be night. On your last theft, you and your friend had an accident, you got separated and you don't remember what happened. So next to stealing everything that you can get, your goal is to find out what happened to you, to your friend and finally to the town, too. So you sneak and climb your way through this dark, desperate town, disable tons of traps, find hidden treasures, trick guards and hide in the shadows. Some cool gadgets help you on your quest. You can throw bottles to distract guards, and you got a bow with various arrows of which some are filled with water so that you can kill distant torches, or gas to temporarly disable guards and dogs, or simple flat arrows to manipulate the environment, like pressing unreachable buttons.The biggest pro of Thief I think are the graphics which are fantastic. The dark town looks awesome and eerie, great light and shadow effects, fires, physical- and particle effects give the game a real good look and feel. And just like Dishonored, you play the game your way. You either play the game as a merciless killer, or you play through it without ever killing anyone at all by using your sneaky skills.I found the search for treasure and hidden stuff highly motivating. The main story is not overwhelming, but thanks to the beautifully dark settings playing through it is thrilling and exciting. And some locations are super scary even! Doing all the side quests, you can easily spend more than 40 hours in the game.I never expected stealing to be that much fun, but it sure is! And having had a blast playing Thief, I highly recommend buying it if you enjoy sneaky games!"
,Not Recommended,239160,16851434,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Maxar,"It isnt as nearly as good as its competitor, Dishonored; infact I kind of regret buying this game just for this reason. If you're too poor to afford Dishonored this game would do good in filling the void otherwise"
,Recommended,239160,17190092,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,-TacticalMagoN,I have this game on Xbox One and I really recommend this! 9/10
,Recommended,239160,17169498,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,PussyPush,8.5/10
,Not Recommended,239160,30268975,Posted: 1 March,all,Caliber,"This game was so massively hyped it was unreal, I even preordered it, now I regret it. The yogscast crew where paid to make the game come across as a load of fun, when in fact they where just selling out. The game is boring and repetative and essentially takes the very entertaining game Dishonered and waters it down to it's environment and part of it's stealth system. The game was a massive let down for me, especially when such big youtubers hyped this game up, just for a bit of cash."
,Recommended,239160,9266117,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Arglaar,"If you dig Dishonored, you'll dig this."
,Not Recommended,239160,15962277,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,oGGelito,Not even worth pirating.
76561198088340073,Not Recommended,239160,16985352,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,matthew.laird2,The story line was lacking. I didnt care about finishing the game. It was pretty and thats about it.
76561198028350033,Not Recommended,239160,16844646,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ChronoX,"this is a mediocre game at best. certainly not what i expected from ""thief"". you're better off with dishonored or styx."
,Not Recommended,239160,16630821,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pedo Bear :3,Horrible game tbh
,Not Recommended,239160,16822341,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"It's too confusing, it needs a waypoint to where you're supposed to go...."
,Not Recommended,239160,21370633,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kyubee,"the games good, but i dont think it worth 30 dollars"
76561198087896567,Not Recommended,239160,21255699,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[RAOG]richie234567,I love the story but i hate the game.  If im a guard and i hear a little bsrely audible tink sound im not going to run towards it like i freight train im going to ignore it.  There is no need for the guards to run straight for you if you miss one pin on a lock they probbably wouldnt even hear it in the first place.  Also if im going to play a new game it would at least be helpful to tell me how to use a new item when i come across it just saying.
76561198012950983,Not Recommended,239160,22411775,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SpeCtrouM,The best moment in this game was hitting the uninstall button after i beat it.
76561197998273945,Not Recommended,239160,35359523,Posted: 30 September,all,GhostFart,There isnt alot of explanation in the first mission on what is going on and I lost interest. It felt like an assaisins creed redo but worse.
,Recommended,239160,31505564,Posted: 2 May,all,histyx.,I loved the story and stealth actions. One of the best story games for me ☻Would recomend it ☻
76561197998653289,Not Recommended,239160,9313958,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zinfadel,Horrible. Make a thief in Skrim and enjoy.
,Not Recommended,239160,15097130,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ride me like a Shelbie,Game is extremly slow pacedAlso very boring after awileYou've probally noticed I haven't put alot of time into this game and that's becuase after2 hour's of playing. I WAS NOT enjoying myself.Pro's :1. Extremly nice graphics2. Nice Stealth based gameplayCon's :1. Boring2. No active combat (Not the point of the game thought)3. NO attractive content*I reccomend you pick this game up on a 80 percent sale or something defintly not worth 30 euro*
76561198170161029,Not Recommended,239160,16262002,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Banana | Cs.Money,nope
,Not Recommended,239160,16365447,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Keisaku,"This game sucks i bought it and all i have is a bloody black screen error and there is no solution for it. i tried everything and nope, nothing is working so dont bother buying it.Oyun berbat aldım oynayım dedim sürekli olarak çalışmayı durdurdu hatası veriyor. allah belasını versin."
76561198086276465,Not Recommended,239160,16256239,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Jeramy.Deane,i would like a refund.
,Recommended,239160,9385240,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,bolonha,"I reloaded an older save to loot a thing I have missed like 1 minute ago, but it took me to 2 hours before that in the game. I wanted to load my last checkpoint/manual save but both of them just take me to where I am now. So i just lost A LOT of progress...have to save every 5 mins now...but a good game in general"
76561198118871575,Recommended,239160,11544251,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,saint gerasmos,i like it wholikethief
,Recommended,239160,11510183,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Arlekim,Realy nice game!!!
,Recommended,239160,11551867,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Stezzy-[MK],GOOD GAME
76561197999721593,Recommended,239160,11575762,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,rlexa,"I'm a stealth fanatic and as such I really liked this game. Well worth it's money, nevermind the fact that everything breaks down with the bosses at the end - the story isn't important, but the game mechanics until then are a blast."
,Not Recommended,239160,10476929,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Stogies,"If you want to play Dishonored without Combat, buy this game.Or just get Dishonored, I mean, its a lot better."
,Not Recommended,239160,10442161,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Thicc Insect,"As I disclaimer I guess I should say that I have not played the original Thief games. This game recieved quite a bit of hype before its release, and I fell victim to it. In short, if you've played Dishonored then you've played this game. In many ways it feels like the developers of this game played Dishonored and said, ""Oh hey this is cool"". You walk around avoiding this mystery plauge called ""The Gloom"" while using your powers to slip between the shadows. The only thing this game does not share with Dishonored is an interesting story. Overall, I'd give it a five out of ten."
,Not Recommended,239160,10469505,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,chaitanyak,"terrible graphics issues, even on an adequate machine.quick fixes(for playability)- Enable ""Exclusive FullScreen""if you still have issues-  click the tick box to force the use of the 32bit exe.that fixes most issues.. for a full list of fixes head over to -http://forums.thedarkmod.com/topic/16001-thief-4-tweaks-fixes/with all these issues i cannot in good conscience recommend this game. i advise you to wait till the price drops.(note: i am a fan of the franchise.. but these issues are really dissapointing)"
,Not Recommended,239160,9436006,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,GulliverBFG,"I regret buying this game.Most of what I loved about the original series is gone, or nerfed iinto console mush.It should have been a cue to me that it was originally designed for XBox. That usually means a game will suck eggs, but I really wanted to be wrong about that. I really wanted a new Theif.I mean, just take the game engine from Assassins Creed, alter the story and tools a bit and set it is a dark and sneaky town. Bam. Done. Well, mostly done.Instead we have these anchor points. I feel like a dog being led on a walk. That really sucks. Hey, if I want to waste a pot of errows finsing the correct beam to shoot, then please just let me do that. Okay?I will probably muscle through to see how the end game turns out, but that is only through sheer willpower.DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEGo buy anything up to ""Theif: Metal Age"" instead. it is the last of the true Theif games. This is just a poor knock off."
76561197970585287,Not Recommended,239160,9439057,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Twenty2,Utter rubbish
76561198004022855,Recommended,239160,28737819,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,maldorf,"Good game IMO. The sound and graphics are great, immersion is very good. The plot is a bit confusing and underwhelming ending but otherwise is sound. The controls are all good and best of all you can save any time you want, no check points! Perhaps not as good as the others in the series but the graphics and sound more than make up for that. Lots of game time here, I got 33 hours out of it and I did all of the secondary missions. For the $7.49 sale price now this is a no brainer buy. If you like stealth games then you should like this. Sneaking up on enemies is a bit too easy, but I wasnt playing it on hard difficulty."
,Recommended,239160,9345810,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,purplemagic75,Amazing grapichs and great gameplay i totally recommend this game
76561197989581647,Not Recommended,239160,10486034,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Fat-Bellied Graug,"Graphics: Beautiful. Story: Okay. Gameplay: Absolutely f*cking horrible. If this had been an actual THIEF game instead of some broken remake, it would've deserved a 9/10. But whatever this game is, it only deserves a 5/10.The redeeming factors of this game are its graphics and how the designers used them. The game is beautiful (I have to say it again), atmospheric, and feels... practiced. The art was certainly done by experts in the field. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the scripting and writing. The plot gets predictable at many different points in the game, and there are cliches you can see coming from miles away.The gameplay and mechanics suffered the worst. The entire game is based off contextual movement - meaning that there has to be an object for Garrett to interact with before he can do ANYTHING. The designers also failed to make these objects properly interactable - you can be standing RIGHT IN FRONT of a rope onto which you want to jump, and Garrett stands there looking stupid until you stand in EXACTLY the right spot and face EXACTLY the right direction. Unlike the previous THIEF game, Deadly Shadows, your ability to attack and disable enemies is severely limited. Even a headshot with a sawtooth arrow fails to kill a good number of targets, and trying to sneak up behind someone to club them into unconsciousness has the same problems as the rest of the contextual movement.As a stealth game, though, THIEF is passable. Most other games have you complete your actions instantly - you instantly pickpocket someone, or instantly club someone, but in THIEF things take time. Other reviews hate this aspect of the game, but I think it adds a lot to the game's immersion and thoughtfulness, as you now need to factor in the time it takes to do something (pick a lock, loot a chest, club someone) into your strategy.Enemies are smarter than your average AI, at least if you play on Master Stealth difficulty. They will actively search for you, and if they stare at you in the shadows long enough, they will see you (as if their vision is adapting to the darkness). The downside to this is that if they catch you, you are almost certainly dead - your only real hope is to run away, and even then the developers put in a truly ASSININE move where the guards can instantly execute you if they attack you from behind. (Sort of like you do to them, in fairness.) Your best bet is to play this game veeeeeery slowly and veeeeeery carefully, and hope that you line up your contextual movement correctly before somebody spots you trying to leap across a 3-foot gap to safety."
,Recommended,239160,11365811,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"I should probably start by saying that I have never played any of the previous Thief games. That being said I found this game pretty entertaining. The costant loading screens does take away from the game's magic, but, with its unique plot and fascinating setting, it is a great time for any stealth fan."
76561198156967199,Not Recommended,239160,24834944,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Corn csgobounty.com,I couldn't get into it fast enough.
,Not Recommended,239160,10970929,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Virginia Co.,"Complete garbage, the player is forced to stealth and no open world."
76561198061414099,Not Recommended,239160,10524975,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Walrus,first of all i have never played a thief game so i am not 'not recommending it' because of that.the game is absolutely gorgeous and deserves its title ''next gen''but in my opinion it just gets boring very quickly. the only enemies are humans and they are all pretty much the sameand there are some parts where the hiding in shadows system just don't make any sense. it is fun for the first 2 missions but gets extremely boring very quickly. other than that it is a fantastic pc port and a great looking game. if you want a stealth game that looks beautiful then you will probably like this
76561198052278042,Not Recommended,239160,31685907,Posted: 11 May,all,icono.greene,"I love this game (played on console) and the series but the game crashes after about 10 minutes of playing, like clockwork.  Tried various fixes found online but nothing helps.  If you must play it, buy it for console, not PC."
76561198130113255,Recommended,239160,11615660,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,noahnoahf,best game in the world great graphics and it is pretty cool
,Recommended,239160,11383538,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,GracefulCarrot,"10/10 for gameplay. Cool storyline, easy-to-remember controls.7/10 for technical issues. The minimum system requirements for this game are pretty standard and are met by my computer's specs...but the game is ridiculously laggy. It takes roughly five minutes for the opening videos to begin playing. I somehow made it all the way to the Baron's mansion gardens before I couldn't take it anymore (which was longer than I expected, but I really wanted to keep playing). The audio doesn't lag, but the video does and it's annoying to hear dialogue, then wait for the characters' stuttering mouths to complete the actual sentence form. It makes playing the game difficult, too, simply because the screen delay makes it hard to run without bumping into stuff and looking around easily. I've set all the graphics options on low, but it doesn't help. Not sure what to do about this because I've never encountered the problem with any other game.Still recommended since the game itself was pretty awesome. Just a bit hard to play unless you can afford a jacked-up computer, like Alienware or something. 8.5/10 overall."
76561198070730585,Recommended,239160,11404051,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,It's fucking RAW !!!!,Nice gameplay but i really dont like the ending
,Recommended,239160,11445755,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,gamerstu,"I loved playing this game primarily because I enjoyed the thought of being a loner theif that's really good at hiding in the shadows and stealing gold. The game has gorgeous graphics and makes you believe you're really in the game.The plot/story is broken, confusing which leaves you without answers at the end.Yes, there are a few issues I have with the game, but overall, it was a fun experience."
,Recommended,239160,32177763,Posted: 4 June,all,B_Random,So very few stealth gamesI am glad this is one of them
,Not Recommended,239160,32949383,Posted: 28 June,all,ThiGuiN,Poor mechanics.. a lot of loads.. Horrible map!..Definetly try hard next time.. :(
76561198081150043,Recommended,239160,9791963,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TheEnragedMage,"I dont like it. It rubs Dishonored like a ♥♥♥♥♥ rubs♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it has a story like Mesopotamian History. BORING AND UN-♥♥♥♥ING-INTERESTING.  I thought ok the stealth has time to make up for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the one thing that it didnt steal from Dishonored was good gameplay. The hubworld DESPERATELY NEEDS A ♥♥♥♥ING MAP. SERIOUSLY not even a menu map. At best 3/10, and at worst, horrible fecal matter made up of the last of JFK's sacred head/10"
76561198012872922,Recommended,239160,23087625,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jerebear,overall great game. one bad things is long load times
76561198090643014,Recommended,239160,14217714,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,FinnNotHuman,boss
76561198096577157,Recommended,239160,14244350,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Japan Lord,Robbing and stuff
,Recommended,239160,14278407,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome game
,Recommended,239160,21185056,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Micin ranger #Derank_Fest,The way to be a thief :1. Buy Thief2. Finisih the game3. Be a thieffinishNote:never make a sudden move near a bird
76561198135279741,Not Recommended,239160,32030435,Posted: 28 May,all,Grim_Gust,Booooooring!
76561198044215122,Recommended,239160,30051830,Posted: 19 February,all,Profyakkle,ehh its all right
,Recommended,239160,23550007,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,scafutto20,VISUAL: 9GAMEPLAY: 8AUDIO: 7FUN: 7FINAL SCORE: 78/100
76561198189145062,Not Recommended,239160,33381804,Posted: 8 July,all,snake_angel_18,"I want to like the game, but the horrible controls and horrible map system are making me aggravated.1) I am really getting tired of having to rebind keys just to get the game to react (a jump in the prologue requires rebinding just to get the character to actually jump. That should have been a warning that the controls were going to be a huge problem but I thought it was a one time thing. It wasn't.)  Other times the controls just stop working and I have to completely exit the game to get them to work again.2)The map system is no help at at all to let you know where to go. There are dead ends and its extremely difficult to know where to go back to get to where you need to go. A lot of the time I have in Steam for the game is me wondering around lost.I really want to like the game, but the mechanics are frustrating."
76561198000099467,Not Recommended,239160,9828446,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,76561198000099467,I would give this game a thumbs up if it weren't for the ♥♥♥♥ing stuttering.
,Recommended,239160,15882073,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Yujo Kameida,Walking around an abanoned and haunted asylum. cupboard opens on its own and made me jump. SAVE > QUIT . Havn't been back since.10/10
,Recommended,239160,9262524,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,darxder,Thanks for the patch to stop the crashing! Runs like a beauty now on my GTX 760!
76561198038932426,Recommended,239160,27198971,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,urylia,"One of the best i've played.Loved the story board, the graphics are nice and the dark aspect just keeps you in it. You don't want to let it go, you eant to know what's coming."
,Recommended,239160,17356106,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,gabrielonuris,"I can't imagine how anyone can play the Thief series, play this one and say it's bad; and some people even compare this to that console shooter called Dishonored, saying the latter is better. They're totally different games, although both of them you can play stealthly, but Thief does it way better. Since it has ""mostly positive"" reviews on the Steam page, I decided to contribute with a recommended review.About The StoryThis isn't Thief 4, it's a reboot; Don't expect to see a sequel to the great Deadly Shadows here, because it starts another one with its own plot. In this Thief you have a protegee that suffers an accident on the prologue, trying to steal a magic stone from a secret society. It isn't the best story ever, but neither Thief game has one to justify your robery.GameplayI'll start talking about the so hated focus ability. During the prologue and accident said above, Garret gets one of his eyes  ""contaminated"" by this magic stone, which gives him some kind of subtle powers. From the start, you can activated it like a ""magic vision mode"" that highlight everything you can interact with, seriously it's no big deal, you can ignore it completely. You can even disable it on the HUD options, aswell as anything that gets on your screen. You can have a literally naked HUD if you want. This focus power can be upgraded into the game, not with exp points but with money, and they're rather expensive. This upgrades involves the ability to slow down time, zoom in on the heads of the city watch, to see into lock mechanisms, etc. But as I said, just ignore it and you'll be good to go.The feature that most caught my attention was Garret's hands animation; when you interact with something, let it be loot, levers or buttons, you don't simply get the item or see things magically getting activated, you actually SEE your hands executing the actions, and it's something that I sincerely don't know why it took so long to be made, I mean, we have the technology!One thing that I found rather odd, was the fact that some loot were put on some very unusual places, like purses in birds nests and silver bottles into backalleys and sewers. I mean, who the hell would leave those things into that kind of places? While playing the older Thief games you'll notice that every piece of shining good were in the places you could expect them to be.  Anyway, most of the time you'll be playing as you expect a game like this would play: eavesdropping important information, reading letters, notes and books about clues like where is the most valuable thing in a certain house, the code for a safe, even some lore about minor characters and the world around you. Again, if you played the older titles, you got the idea.The WorldIn this Thief you doesn't play level after level like in the first two, it has a wonderful hub system like a Deus Ex game, making it very close to Thief: Deadly Shadows. While into the city, which works like a central hub with a hideout and all, you can get mini side quests that involves in breaking into some houses and stealing goods, or you could simply explore it at your own pace. just to make it clear,it isn't an openworld game, but one made based on hubs, which to be honest, makes the world even better to play in. The missions happens around this said city, with a loading screen between the city and the missions, which require you to enter in the area, make/steal what you're said to, and getting out. Ghost in, and ghost out of a mission never was so satisfying.OverviewIf you're a fan of stealth games in general, and a fan of the series, seriously, just ignore the critics and play this one to make your own opinion, Thief deserves it. If you played Dishonored first, maybe you get a little terrified by all that contextual jumping people talked about during the development, or the lack of the blink ability, but honestly, I played both and I must say that I'd rather play Thief again, than Dishonored, just because of the dark atmosphere and the immersiveness that the full body animation provides in a first person game."
,Not Recommended,239160,13830619,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sithis,"Thief is a great game.   I really njoyed the realism and thrill of chapters 1-4, yet at five, it becomes a jumpscare, insane zombie slenderman horror game.  I do not feel the game should have included the magic asylum portion."
,Recommended,239160,9327781,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Goudie71,awesome comeback for garett the game is challenge but the side mission a little bit confused since you have to go tru houses to the next town map but still fun sneaking and stealing in the dark
76561198004995090,Recommended,239160,11210374,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,NeonBlack,"9/10 This new addition to the Thief series is a great step in the right direction.  It has the atmosphere of the originals and a very smooth control system that is intuitve and fluid.  It also has an expansive difficulty selection system when you start a new game, making it possible to emulate the difficulty of the original series and beyond.  The story is the only thing that stops me from giving this game 10out of 10.  There were plenty of plot holes or just a lack of story in some parts.  I will come back to this game often for a taste of nostalgia!"
76561198057033440,Not Recommended,239160,13552278,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LongShot578,"I bought this game about a week and a half ago, and it wont even start... Bad decison. Go spend your money on something better (If your looking for a similar game type, try Dishonored)-LS578p.s. If the staff is reading this, give me a refund for selling me a malfuntioning product."
76561198034466513,Not Recommended,239160,9358773,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Royce,very boring right off the bat but it has amazing graphics. dont buy until on sale
,Recommended,239160,14391021,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,変態,"Runs great, looks great, has a very dark atmosphere.If you like sneaking and stealing, this game is definitely for you!"
76561198072160996,Recommended,239160,13761422,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,^ ^6👌AbstractMid,yolo
,Not Recommended,239160,9394262,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mallissin,"Buy it on sale. Anyone who played the earlier Thief games will be greatly disappointed. I'm not sure I will finish.Edit note: I tried my best but did not finish. Game is absolutely terrible. Artwork is great but the plot and alteration of the game mechanics makes it unworthy of the franchise or your money. Months after I gave up playing it, I decided to go on Youtube to see the ending and it was right about as disappointing as I expected.Avoid this game if you can."
,Recommended,239160,21714632,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,bigwillyhaver69,"*bought thief**installed thief**played thief**enjoyed thief**failed once**threw keyboard out the window and hit a guard*Jokes aside this game is FANTASTIC I dont see what everyone is complaining about.Pros:Clear story lineSmooth attacks/movesAmazing everythingCons:A bit laggyVery dark (personal reference)Thats all my opinions.In conclusion I would reccoment to buy this game, only when it's on sale though. I wouldnt waste 20 quid on this but lucky me I got it on sale. If it becomes 15 quid or lest then its worth it.Thanks!*guard throws bottle at me and kills me*"
,Recommended,239160,33339946,Posted: 7 July,all,Moody,Good game for an hour
76561198010944297,Recommended,239160,9293145,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SwatKat1-Sukshinder ShindaHMC,"IT IS AN EXCELENT GAME,GOOD GRAPHICS,GOOD GAMEPLAY,PLUS U GET TO BE GARRETT AGAIN. THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF ART !!!!!!! I STRONGLY RECOMEND IT !!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,239160,17692087,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,🙈ƊANNY/GAŦ🙈,"Just want to say, this game does not apply to other parts of the igry.Eto just restarted.And now a little about the plot:The game takes place in an alternate medieval times, where in contrast to the reality of magic and miracles occur.Play doyut us for the most skillful master thief Gareth kototy dressed as ""assassin""the main events begin with the fact that we are in a house with a drunken man on the bed.Then we start with the fact that the encounter with the woman thief named Erin and otprovlyaemsya the abduction of stone ""primat"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who understand what to do. As a result, a woman dies and goes year. Then it turns out that the woman was alive and even absorbed the power of the stone, and of course we are going to find her.Now a little bit about the pros:great stealth, that is not true of AI opponents, good onimatsiya first person, realistic shadows and vorostvo that both is and cons of the game, the game has a bleeding years.Now cons:the very theft, which takes 50% of the time from the passing game. You have to steal all kinds of spoons, forks, glasses. Each time have to open the boxes, jewelry boxes to find the spoons and forks. You think to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ need it, but not on the spoon you'll have to buy the equipment and upgrades that will help in the passing game."
76561197999596411,Recommended,239160,9298392,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Markgrave,"Do NOT look at the metacritic rating. This game is everything a 2014 stealth game should be. Graphics are great, sounds are quality, THE GAMEPLAY IS STUPID ADDICTIVE! And on top of that the replay value is insane, purely on 3 playstyle rewards for EVERY mission."
,Not Recommended,239160,9701173,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,DarkMyth,"The game was fun, but I found a bug where it resets all your progress and it also erases all your saved games.  For exmaple I finished chapter six and it started over with the beginning cutscene and all my other saved games started at the same point.  Very game breaking for me and after losing all that progress I really don't want to play the game anymore.  :-("
76561198077192492,Recommended,239160,11220605,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Clauricaune,"A lot of people hate this game, but I didn't find it nearly as bad as they say it is. I guess the hate comes from expectations: people were looking forward to a game as delightful as the first 2 in the franchise or at least as good as Dishonored (where members of the original Thief team worked on). This game is not that. It's actually more akin to Deadly Shadows than to the first couple games. But if, like me, you enjoyed Deadly Shadows, it shouldn't be a terrible thing.The first person stealth mechanics work great. Never had the slightest problem with the controls. Level design is also pretty damn good: just look at Moira Asylum, that's first class horror there, an amazing tribute to Shalebridge Cradle. Getting around undetected is the core of the game and in terms of gameplay and design I didn't find much to complain there.The combat is horrendous though, but it's always been like that in the past Thief games. Then again,Thief is about stealth, not combat: this isn't a ""play it both ways"" thing like Dishonored. The story is also pretty bad and I didn't like what they did to the character of Garrett: he went from a greedy, independent survivalist to a mere kleptomaniac. He's not as interesting or likeable as he used to be.There are a bunch of old school gamey elements like the little things and trinkets you steal from each place, and the ""open world"" hub just feels like the City in Deadly Shadows; it's bigger but still has a ton of loading screens. Anachronisms, yes, and proof that this game went through develepment hell for a few years, but as an old school gamer, I wasn't too bothered by those things.The visual style is a subjective thing: always nighttime, gloomy, with blueish moonlight shades and a bunch of browns. I personally liked it, but by looking at other reviews, it seems it's not a thing for everyone.This is a flawed game, but I still had a very good time playing it. Give it a try if you find it discounted."
76561198077224288,Not Recommended,239160,9697518,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,ikopmans,"Perfect graphic, nice content, interesting gameplay. Whould be the best gave I've seen this year. But... on April 1st it just stopped saving games and whenever You leave some area - You just get last mission restarted from the beginning. This seems to happen for each and every game owner (forums are full with complains and absolutely nobody says it works for him). If this is an April 1's joke - it's not funny. If not - even worse: there is no response from developers at all. Many players are saying support is not responding. Some people just bought it on April 1st, which means they can't even start playing. Forums are full of complains about it. Definitely will not recommend to anyone: the game seems to be not playable any more and such attitude is not acceptable."
,Recommended,239160,11959715,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Hantu`z,"Awesome game , I love it :D"
,Recommended,239160,28036753,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,vanellopey ペンギン,i recommended this game for a good story and gameplay
,Recommended,239160,26945145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JeFawk,"Stealthy, pretty, shadowy but you can just go all berserk and screw everything up."
76561197982747986,Recommended,239160,30281913,Posted: 2 March,all,PuuhaPete77,"Recommend!Good craphics and story line. The map could be clearer, sometimes hard to find places if you can´t remember where they were..  Minus point is that there is no sequel, yet.And of course, there are no zombies.. ;)"
,Recommended,239160,20075446,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,gunsakimbo,"I've been a Thief fan since the series began. This game gets a lot of flak by people not familiar with the series (and some who are). I think it simply takes a moment to get immersed back in this style of gameplay. It plays very much like old-school Thief (meaning, the freedom of games like Dishonored are not found here in the same way). There are still multiple ways to go about a mission, but all within a stealth frame of reference, and within the confines of what options the developer wanted to give you. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, I just think it takes a second to re-adjust. There were some bugs and performance issues when it launched, but playing through recently after all the patches, I had a smooth and fantastic experience with the game."
76561198031328124,Not Recommended,239160,10888072,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rizilliant,"I didnt play the originals, and thought dishonored was slightly linear, but even it felt better by all comparisons.. This is just...  Uninspired, extremely repetitive gameplay.-The AI is so pathetic, its not worth mentioning.-The story is a snoozfest (magic.. Really?!).-The arrows are so unrealistic. Water, fire, and gas arrows? i thought this was going to be a stealthy, awesome, heist-ariffic funhouse, with heavy emphasis on neat gadgets... Not so.. You walk out of the clocktower to narrow, unimagined streets that have SO MANY LOADSCREENS, and take the same few, linear routes over, and over, and over.. Theres just nothing here thats ""wow, fun""..-All the side places you ""sneak"" into to lift loot are vacant, and have no reason to ""sneak"". The places where stealth should be the way to go isnt necessary because the enemy AI doesnt see you if your standing right next to them.. Even on HARDER difficulties.. Other times they see what they shouldnt (while perfectly hidden in shadow)..+The only redeeming quality this game has is its graphics.. Which are waisted, unfortunately.. Even with a decent rig, your screen will suffer from tear when  you pan your camera left/right.. All i can see when i play this game, is another similar game from last year (Dishonored), that atleast had the decency to allow for combat if the need arose.. Here, all you get is 1 button, and a dodge.. Very bad..I know its supposed to be a stealth game, but.. wow.. This is  a poor revive of a great series!"
,Recommended,239160,18533099,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pier,"Not for purists of the genre, but pretty good if you can forgive it's flaws and quirks. The atmosphere is amazing, and the gameplay is good if you avoid combat. I like the level design, it's not as linear as people complain. The writing and story are truly awful, but easy to ignore IMO."
,Recommended,239160,20837305,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,masterofhacks,"Not only a good sotry, but very challenging, and fun stealth machanics. This game provides not only a beutiful story but also provides a nice open world."
76561198054023535,Recommended,239160,15802672,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Catpsyche,"In short, I really enjoyed this game, and when/ or if they come out with a Thief 2, I'll be all over that too!  I took my time and did my own thing in the game, and finished up the main storyline just under 70 hours.  And I still have some side quests to do to finish up the game...  What I think I liked the most about the game the most, besides the feel of open world, excellent graphic, an very indepth characters, and storylines, is that you choose your gaming style.  I, personally, like to use my skills of cunning, stalk, and stealth.  While I have friends that are all about hack and slash, and this game could be for them too.  The games genre is a Stealth/ Action/ Adventure game.  And the closest game I could compare it to would be Deus Ex: Human Revolution, which is just one of my favorite games EVER! ;) ^5"
,Recommended,239160,17406196,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Gandalf's Big Oiled Staff,"For those who say the Ai is stupid for an Ai based game, maybe go off the easiest (rogue) and instead choose the hardest (master) you will see the Ai instead of been ""stupid"" they will infact find you with great ease. People complaining about not jumping, in no thief originals you can jump, people complaining about combat...that game isn't about combat. My list goes on."
,Recommended,239160,16106466,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Push,"As long as there's a shred of Looking Glass DNA in this series, I'll continue to play and love it."
,Recommended,239160,17289410,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,vepha,"loved the game, nice story and game play."
,Recommended,239160,17317357,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,BECH,"Amazing game, I haven't completed it yet but still freaking amazing and beauitful!9/10"
,Recommended,239160,17655614,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MahtXL,"Ive loved every second spent with Thief, and the asylum chapter is a masterpiece."
76561198190072934,Recommended,239160,17568171,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,danthe666,"While not as immersive as the classic Thief titles, this new game definitely has some cool production values and overall feels like a solid stealth game. Some of the ambiance is missing from the originals, but I damn I still love the feeling of sneaking around AND getting caught! Want more Thief!!!!"
76561197972343365,Recommended,239160,23091327,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,shabalaman,"*sigh...* Bad reviews, I get it.That said, it's more Thief.  I needed more Thief."
,Recommended,239160,18475820,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Dr. Butthurt,Amazing. Just try it.
,Recommended,239160,19776294,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LuxMedia,I'm blubbering through it like a wishfully silent hippopotamus.
,Recommended,239160,19204097,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,RBN,Best Game EVER
76561198057941469,Recommended,239160,18924884,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rakros39,Fun grabbing everything in sight!
,Recommended,239160,19578377,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,"(◕_◕"")",Taught me about grabbing opportunities.
,Recommended,239160,19840710,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kampfhirn,"Very solid stealth/sneak implementation, dark atmosphere, didn't care much for the story though. The difficulty level is HIGHLY customizable!"
76561198130394119,Recommended,239160,18990960,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Humanity,Awesome Buy it Now.
,Recommended,239160,23093152,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Allah,"This game is awsome gold system and merchants are really awsome i cant see any bad thing in this game? Everyone says not good story not good city or AI no its not right there's a good story back there i cant find any bug, glicth or un-optimized map desing i can play really fast. Thanks for edios my dad play that game in 1998 the first game he played new game few days ago and he just suprised and inspired lol YOU CAN BUY THIS GAME REALLY BADASS GAME"
76561197990978121,Not Recommended,239160,16817025,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,"It looks good but it's boring. You always do the same stuff--> steal a knife, a pen, a fork out of closets which look identical in every house. I dunno man, this game is missing something."
,Not Recommended,239160,16802098,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Roronoa Zoro,"I would not recommend this game, it was my first game in the theif series and I never want to play annother theif game."
,Not Recommended,239160,14526931,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ReconSixth,Too dark and gloomy city made it worse. Story is the worst.
,Recommended,239160,17548006,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,S็p็u็r็g็o็,awesome game
,Recommended,239160,19497153,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Retarded Lemur | gamekit.com,> be me> playing thief> cops come into my home> they arrest me> be confused me> ask what I did wrong> they don't respond> apparently stealing is a felony
,Recommended,239160,19502212,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lehnuin,I never played a so epic game like this!
,Recommended,239160,19692675,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Bacon Sammich,"This game was great fun, well done and pretty close to the original's experience... Epic lewtz"
,Recommended,239160,22229645,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,I See U aLL#R6,?
,Recommended,239160,21096828,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AlexTheFoc,"Little porn at ""dirty secrets"" xD , but i still like it"
76561198113140302,Recommended,239160,24220658,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TROLLER OF WORLDS,I lie how this game plays and i hope to see more in the future
,Not Recommended,239160,14686089,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,alan sleep,eh
,Recommended,239160,31506018,Posted: 2 May,all,batmansfriend,"This was the first game in the Thief series that I played and I honestly enjoyed it. It had a very nice atmosphere and I felt as if I was actually sneaking about. The graphics are appealing and the voice acting is generally ok. Although if you are new to stealth games I would not reccomend this for your first, try something like Dishonored."
,Not Recommended,239160,9265287,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,RonynCato (ಠ_ಠ),"This is a sore and bitter disappointment. The atmosphere is neither immersive nor engagiing. The frame rate is garbage. The gameplay is boring. That's pretty much it. I paid twelve dollars less than retail on Steam, but I still regret this decision."
76561197997938680,Not Recommended,239160,9287611,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,gigi,Apparently there is a problem for people with Nvidia cards. I am one of these people. Game unplayable for me. Waste of money.
,Recommended,239160,9262556,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,johnthetree,"This is my first experience in the Thief franchise, and I have to say I really enjoy it.The idea of stealth games always appealed to me, but my experiences in the genre have been lackluster at best. This game really sets itself apart because it is fair. That is not to say that it is easy though. When somebody discovers you it's because you made a mistake. The rules are very clear for what gets you discovered. The combat is kind of terrible, but in a stealth game like this I'm not looking for rewarding combat. The environment is perfect for the setting, but has the tendency of feeling closed off by loading screens. This is unfortunate because one of my favorite things to do is sneak around the city hub, which feels uneccessarily gated. My biggest comlaint though is that there are three actions tied to the spacebar, which can sometimes make the game feel unresponsive.tl:drIt's a really fun game that while not perfect is exactly what I needed to scratch my stealth itch."
,Not Recommended,239160,9264094,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,krawtch,"This ""game"" is set in a world that isn't interesting, contains characters that feel like blocks of wood, and a plot that is impossible to care about. The gameplay is awful and the combat makes me wish I had been ♥♥♥♥ed to death by a camel before I ever had a chance to play this.By the way, the most entertaining thing in this game is looting (stealing. It's called Thief) items. To do that you look at them and press E. That's the game. They forgot to put the FUN in it I guess.RIP Square-Enix"
,Not Recommended,239160,10443337,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,CUCKHOLD KID,"Don't buy it, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,239160,34544565,Posted: 27 August,all,Nabe Goodle,"If this is your first video game ever, you'll enjoy it.If not, don't bother."
76561198097883733,Recommended,239160,9262251,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ajusticeps,"Eidos delivered us a fantastic stealth game! Atmosphere of Thief is outstanding, great graphics, comfortable controls. Guards AI is sharp enough, definitely better than in Deus Ex HR. The bad - limited use of rope arrows, story isn't as epic as in previous titles! If you a fan of stealth - this game is for you, if you wanna play ""guns blazing"" - this is not the game for you"
,Not Recommended,239160,22756210,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Knight Artorias,Gllomer Mcgloomyton glooms about with barely any stealth.
,Recommended,239160,31058521,Posted: 10 April,all,serac_ydobon,"I am a lifelong fan of Thief games - so the actual bad reviews left here really do hurt to see. Of course that games change over time, if no changes were made the complaints would focus on that.Apart from the constant whining that I see here, about the game being boring/linear/bland I really feel like this is one of the best open-world heist games available (the other one would be JoWood production's Der Clou! 2 (or The Sting! 2) as it is known in most countries.Graphically stunning,  immersive ambience sound and soundtrack, intuitive controls, and with the possibility of manually altering the objectives/method of operation to give you a real challenge if you are more familiar with the game. After 72 hours I think I'm gonna pop in an additional 32 ;)"
,Recommended,239160,29929925,Posted: 14 February,all,WhiteStar,wtf? i don't even own the game degla :x
76561198022290964,Not Recommended,239160,34762176,Posted: 5 September,all,Luke.A.M,"Dont even bother with this game, even if its free, dont bother. Complete waste of time, complete disapointment."
,Not Recommended,239160,33775387,Posted: 24 July,all,TheTurkishMoose,"Just really, really, really, really boring - like this review"
76561198091074455,Recommended,239160,25644018,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cruelty,This is the best game i ever buyed and played from steam till nowI PLayed the other Thief games Thief II and Thief Gold and all they they are all♥♥♥♥♥♥! No sense ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with theMost terible graphics..once i saw the graphic and the game enviroment i got cancer in my eye lolXDSo Play this one and have fun like i did and never bought the original thief games if u dot want to waste ure money or ure time
76561198007197608,Recommended,239160,25831619,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[S]almon,"Thief is a good game cursed with an unfortunate title.Due to the revolutionary nature of the original Thief games and their status as cult classics in the gaming community making a new edition in the series was always going to be like making a new Star Wars movie. Some people were going to hate it no matter what. While the game does have its flaws; for example, people are right to point out that many of the levels don’t offer much in the way of multiple approaches or exploration, it delivers a solid experience overall. I also never experienced any of the bugs that others claim to have run into.While there are certain segments of the game where you can afford to be a little more aggressive, much of the game does require you to be stealthy and provides you with the tools you need to get the job done. Thief is challenging without being frustrating and offers you an incentive to complete side quests and explore the levels to steal loot by rewarding you with gold that you can spend on items and equipment. In other words, you really do get the feeling that you’re a master thief. The game’s plot is slightly above average and provides enough immersion and reasons to care about the characters to keep you going.Ignore the haters, if you’re a fan of the stealth genre this game is worth picking up. Just don’t expect anything truly ground-breaking."
,Not Recommended,239160,23524439,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bayj0nes,wow another ♥♥♥♥ing game i can add to my
,Not Recommended,239160,23565572,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Goldeneye,"I never thought I would ""not recommend"" a game, but here I am.This game is not worth whatever price it is listed as.Horrible, empty world. You can't go 10 feet without reaching a loading screen. And are there like only two people in the city?Horrible gameplay. The developers spent so much time with how Garrett's hands looks when he is stealing while neglecting everything else.Horrible story. Garrett could literally walk away from the events that take place in the game and no one would care.Just buy Dishonored."
,Recommended,239160,11149687,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,(NBK) Klonopin,"Let me start this off by saying the core game itself is amazing and I don't understand a lot of hate that it is getting. It's different from the other Theif games but it's not a bad game by any means. My main issue with this game is the bugs that you sometimes run into with side quests. For a type of person that want's to 100% the game (this is me) it may turn out to be impossible... which happened to myself. The side mission ""Shark Bait"" I cannot complete even though it is done, the game will not recognize it as finished and leaves it as uncomplete.My other issue with this game is the horrible map and mini map markers. They are sometimes impossible to follow and you can get lost for long peroids of time even on something simple... this is a major issue with almost everyone I know who plays including people I don't know (check the discussions page on Theif and you will lsee what I mean).Now that the negative is out of the way.. I can still say BUY THIS GAME. The game... bugs aside... is amazing. Great story, gameplay is fun and addicting, looting is awesome, you can be stealth or choose to murder. If you can find it on sale I would say must buy.All in all = 7/10. I would have rated higher but the bugs in this game stopped my side quest progression and forced me to focus on the main mission only."
,Not Recommended,239160,10454487,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Aurelian,"This is honestly one of the worst and cliche games i have ever played in my life. I love Dishonoured and pretty much every good stealth game. This game is not good, i would not recommend this to literally anyone except for maybe a down syndrome child. I bought this for 50 dollars and it was a bad game. I didnt complain. Then they throw a half off sale and sell it for 1/4 of what i paid?"
,Not Recommended,239160,34690694,Posted: 2 September,all,シティーポップ,"i cant even open the ♥♥♥♥ing game, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is trash and i havent even started it yet"
76561198023335793,Recommended,239160,23669152,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Membrick,love it !
,Not Recommended,239160,16848350,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,wobbling,"Not worth your time. If you want to play a great stealth game, then go buy Thief: The Dark Project, Thief 2, or heck, even Deadly Shadows!This is not Thief. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,239160,12678245,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Panther,"You ever liked someone, enjoyed they're company? But you continually hear bad♥♥♥♥♥♥about them, to the extent it actually undermines your relationship?Stop reading these reviews, go play the game."
76561198064239906,Not Recommended,239160,29887529,Posted: 12 February,all,jef,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239160,24111941,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Umjigabomwey,It garbage
76561198208323140,Not Recommended,239160,14401594,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,HiLL Ari,"I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought this game. It sucks in almost every aspect. The story is boring and predictable, controls sucks, the voice over sucks (lips and speech are not in snych) and the game is repetitive. I should've bought hitman instead of this crap."
,Recommended,239160,34924125,Posted: 13 September,all,Hetnaiboi,Good and nice to listen to
76561198118496779,Recommended,239160,10709303,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,snakejishi,"pros1- great graphics2- dark story, and strong at start only3- great control4- great gameplay5-great herocons1- useless upgrades and skills tree2- weak ending3- voice act very weak and confused4-side quests hindred by small and boring city5- ending does not make sense at allAt the end, this is not an open world game. The city is small, and doing side quests boring due to the fact that u have to navigate a city where you can barely move freely. Other than that, main missions are long and adventurousI ll give it 6.8/10 buy at discount only, and if u like dishonored then play it but do not think it will be as good as it."
,Recommended,239160,14378562,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,-angry weaboos never lose-,I liked it.
,Recommended,239160,11112739,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ticondrius,"At first glance, it's a handholding decendant of the amazing Thief trillogy by Looking Glass.  I didn't even want to play it when I loaded the first level and saw a roomful of sparkly loot.  Then I discovered the custom ""difficulty"" options, one of which is to turn off the sparkly loot, among others, and I have been plesantly surprised to see how faithful they've been to the original Thief concepts and gameplay.TL;DR: Game looks like a kiddie game until you set custom options.  Then it's awesome Thief time with Garret once again!"
76561198034276100,Recommended,239160,9270149,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Chibi_Shima,"Cant launch, Cant play i cant rate it:P"
76561197995867380,Recommended,239160,17336921,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,That Damnable Mr. Munkee,"The original Thief series is my favorite game franchise ever, and as a longtime fan of the classic series, I was originally concerned and saddened by the departures from the original games - No more mention of the Keepers, the Hammers or the Pagans..  The narrative style and art in the cinematics is gone, Garret has a new voice actor (He's still very good, and sounds similar... but to those of us longtime fans there is only one ""real"" Garret)  And...  they hardly use ""Taffer""   That said....  Holy crap does the city look good!!  It was always central to the games, with it's specific feel, and more than ever it seems like a living, breathing organism and full of secrets and intrigue.  I have found myself delving around every corner and alley, and trying every door and window just to see what I can discover.  I love this town!  It's atmosphere is slightly more modern than before but it feels very much like the proper home of Garret, and is rife with immersive character in it's own right..  My one quibble here would be that it sort of reminds me of Dunwall from Dishonored with the updated feel and the ever present threat of plague...  But, it's still it's own town and feels very right for Thief.    This is a successful reboot - even with no Hammers chasing you around and no Keepers trying to vainly counsel you out of trouble, this is legitimately Thief to me.   I'm not taffin you here, its real as a bear pit fight."
76561198112669681,Recommended,239160,23275430,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,239160,33688291,Posted: 20 July,all,Hail,The game is OK
76561198047389417,Recommended,239160,10040631,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Tough Tat Boi,"Ok, I'd like to start out by saying that the older Thief games, mainly the first 2, are some of my favourite games, they were so story rich and emmersive with the amount of detail to the areas, they were always very atmospheric, what with the sounds as well. Depending on where you were, you would hear different sounds. In an old abonded house? You'll hear creacking wood and mice scurrying across the floor. In an old cathedral? You're gonna hear rubble, and wind. In the older gmaes, they always had some very good villians and heroes, and also some very nice side characters. The heroes were always loveable, the villians were always hateable. and with that being said, let me start my review. Ok, so not the best game ever made, but comparing it to some of the greatest games ever made, thats not too bad. Just like the old ones, it's as immersive as ever, still very atmospheric. There is an entire mission that builds up suspension in a haunted prison/asylum, as you creep around to see what happened, to suspension of what actually DID happen builds up, with hearing things behind you, seeing ghosts at the ends of halways, and an occasional jumpscare. In the sense of good characters, Thief doesn't fail, but compared to the older games, all the characters are are good. Garret seems a bit emo, the villian is, so-so, not really that hateable, more annoying than anything. as for story, it is good, I won't lie. It's well thought out, and executed well, with AMAZING plotwists along the way. Gameplay wise, one of the greats. Definatly one of the most immersive games ever made, what with when you steal a glimmering piece of shining loot, Garret will actually reach out and grab it, rather than it just getting sucked twords you such as in dishonored for example. Everytime you look down, you can see your body and feel, and the headbob is minimal, but realistic. As for the soundtrack, to be perfectly honest, I think thats one of the things that this Reboot does as well as the originals, some of the best, atmospheric music in a game. Very well done, but if you're trying to decide weather to get this one, or the older ones, no question get the older ones, they're cheaper and overall better, however, this is a truly fantastic game aswell. Overall, an 8/10, very nice!"
76561197975078107,Recommended,239160,11499334,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,wavyrelection,"This game is an amazingly faithful reproduction/reboot/sequel to the original series (by which I mean 1 & 2), is extremely clever in numerous ways, and is gorgeous to boot. If you enjoyed the originals you will be floored by this game; if you are first getting into the Thief universe this is a good place to start. I would say, though, if you have any time constrants, you should budget your time on this game; I try to find every bit of hidden coin and secrets, which coupled with my limited gaming time, means I've made little headway in the main story, although it seems richly detailed. Alright, I'll stop gushing, but I'm simply amazed at how good this remake is and feel a little less cynical about the gaming industry."
76561198076465007,Recommended,239160,12014707,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,KILLENMACHINE75,Don't let the fanboys fool you it is a fun game. It is just a different take then it's predecessors which the fanboys dont like. It has been ten years since the last one came out nad most people need to take a chill pill and actually enjoy the game for what it is rather than expecting so mystical game of greatness that will be just like the remembered back in 2004.
76561198090572369,Recommended,239160,25788494,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,cheezee.co.uk,I played this game and thoroughly enjoyed it i have only briefly played the other thief games and i'm sick of hearing about it in the other reviews. It has some bugs and i can't deny it but i thought this game was rated far too harshly.Overall i thought this game was a hidden gem and one of the best stealth games i have played.
76561198082958767,Recommended,239160,28079102,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,XXXKITTYSLAYERXXX,"THE BEST STEALTH GAME EVER.with many stuff to stealpump your adrenaline try not to get caughtgreat puzzleinteresting characterlots of optionOpinion for the sequel1. more houses/location/area,etc. that we can explore and loot2. the trailer in this page is what should have been the final product. the trailer looks very promising so i think the video can be main inspiration3. MORE SIDE QUEST!!4. make the game more aliveoverall this is a very great game if u really into stealth game like me"
76561198002767717,Recommended,239160,11079119,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Stabbington,"When I was younger I played a set of stealth based assasin game titled ""tenchu"". I  was absolutely enthralled with them and I reminisce about the series quite a bit. I had never played the Thief games before the latest installment and have dipped into games like Dishonored and such which have a bit of a stealth mechanic. And when I saw this game on the steam summer sale I was ecstatic, because it was a stealth focus based game, I hadnt played one of those in YEARS! I turned it on, absolutely excited and threw it on the hardest difficulty first time out, thinking 'oh ive played hard core stealth based games before I can take anything this game throws at me...""...boy I was wrong! The game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥HARD, I actually had to turn the difficulty down a couple of notches because it was seriously hard core! The storyline and all the secrets are absolutely amazing...I love the graphics and the details on the places and characters! The game is quite a challenge to go through because of difficulty...If you like stealth based games like the old Tenchu series definately give this one a shot!"
76561198120240796,Recommended,239160,26606727,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ANII,good game little repetitive things but enjoyed a lot and so many ways to beat the stage good game
76561198111267336,Not Recommended,239160,16950583,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BOT Walt,Worse Dishonored
,Recommended,239160,9266177,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Steve,"What the heck,,, can't run normally on win7??????"
,Recommended,239160,35186772,Posted: 24 September,all,Tô Uyên Vy,"first time i play this game and i like it , great deal and gameplay , try to be a thief :D i love this game"
,Not Recommended,239160,35172543,Posted: 23 September,all,Pauleh,Hated my time with this game with every ounce of my body. It sucks.
,Not Recommended,239160,33879999,Posted: 29 July,all,BootZero,what did you do?WHAT.DID.YOU.DO?
,Recommended,239160,25542328,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kartoffel,"Fun game, well done developers of this game."
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,239160,9435068,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Kempeorlaxan,"I had low expectations for this game... It still managed to dissapoint. To be fair I didn't like dishonored mechanics, may be its just not my cup of tea. First person stealth just isn't very exciting to me.Also the atmosphere seems quite dark and not in that awesome witcher type of dark, its just a dictatorship/police brutality type of dark closer to fable 3 then to witcher.As for main character - I had better character design in an unmodded skyrim.This game really couldn't keep me interested longer than 7 hours so I have to thumb down.If you worry over credibility of my review - I believe that the best recently released stealth game is splinter cell blacklist. If you agree, you can skip this game. If you are more interested in stealth mechanics of dishonored then you might like this."
,Not Recommended,239160,9494425,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Friendo,p
,Recommended,239160,11456571,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,devinkroplewski,like it but you get it up the but if you dont play on easey
76561197972443320,Recommended,239160,16235405,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TheOrbbro,"If you don't like the Thief style of play, just keep on trollin.  As Thief games go, this was good.  Good story, although I found the ending a little abrupt.  Gameplay is solid although linear by today's standards.  While I like the game, it would have been nice to use his skills when interacting with the city at all times and not just in designated areas or situations.  After playing games like Assassin's Creed, you tend to want to climb everything!  Visually the game is excellent and between the shadows, noise effects and a suttle musical score, the mood is verey well managed.  I was stressed when they wanted and relaxed when they wanted.  All in all a good solid game, and while it is not all that free to roam and certainly not a sandbox game (which would be a great idea Devs!), it doesn't need to be."
,Recommended,239160,11766694,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,NuclearPlatypus,"the first one was a classic, but the newest version of Thief really stands out as a very awesome game. the gameplay of thief is quite different than other fps titles ive played. this game unllike the typical fps that comes out every other month is actually original. ok maybe the game is a reboot to the thief series, but in my eyes it is a original that other games just can't match up with. my only problem with the game is that even in ""normal difficulty"" is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but still this game is the good kind of hard, not hair tearing out hard also with the price of the weapons and ammo you have to conserve ammo and use it wisely also it seems to be alot more realistic than the assassins creed series."
76561198127397827,Not Recommended,239160,15494659,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ElPablo,"Bad game play, not as buggy as the first edition which is still the best!"
,Recommended,239160,31600214,Posted: 7 May,all,Shepherd,Is gud
,Recommended,239160,25404573,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Scrambled,"Stay stealthy... stealthy... stealt.... well, that guy saw me. No he didn't.... stealthy .... stealthy etc."
,Not Recommended,239160,9449274,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,MrCagey,"Might be the most bland, boring triple a game I've played in ten years. And Ive played a bunch of them. Dont waste your money. Its a rip off."
,Not Recommended,239160,23659144,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dazulu,I know it's not a patch on Styx or the almost sandbox stealth of the prequels but I would still enjoy this game IF IT DIDN'T CRASH TO THE DESKTOP EVERY 10-15 MINUTES
,Recommended,239160,31146912,Posted: 14 April,all,NWO | AutomatiK,best most scary ggame evvar
76561198070008742,Not Recommended,239160,9507394,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,✪ Gilly*3K,"Straight out: It sucks. The AI is really really dumb, really really dumb. Plus, the combat is horrible and doesn't flow. I do not recommend this game. Don't get it."
,Not Recommended,239160,10458976,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Dusksirlink,"I would love to recommend this game.  I really do, but this game is for people who love stealth and pretty much no killing.  The story is really bland and uninteresting.  Having played the previous thief games this new reboot is doesn't really live up to the originals.  The combat is annoying and really frustrating.  Before in the original thief games, you could carry a sword and black jack.  You could kill or you didn't have to.  Now only way to kill is using your bow with broad arrows.  If you liked Dishonored DO NOT get this game.  If you played the original Thief games stick to those.  If you want a game with just full on stealth like I do, buy this game."
76561198133205461,Recommended,239160,23122252,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DOCTOROCTORPUS,Guys this game is damn awesome....First of all the bow and arrowI love this thing dude its very damn usefulBut there is two bad thing to me(Spoiler)These scary things but its part of story lineSecond bad thing is Npc don't have good intelligence:They can see you easly when you are in shadow but they can't see you front of them.Just two of these things isn't good in this game but genarly I like this game.But if next game have multiplayer will be good but I think there is no game :(
,Recommended,239160,11413624,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,OburnE,A perfect game
76561198042317383,Recommended,239160,9332715,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Imrahil,great game very buggy but there are some fixes that sort of fix the performaceits not a new thief game its a reboot of thief so even people who are fans of thief will like this if they look past the fact its on a continued story from deadly shadows8/10 gameplay due to bugs10/10 GFX8.5/10 story5/10 focus but can be turned of in custom options9/10 overall i would give it
,Recommended,239160,14801892,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Ghost,"It may not follow the previous games in the series... BUT all in all the game is AMAZING id recommend it highly for those who love to steal things from unassuming people, and like cool dynamic game mechanics. Id give it  a 10/10 exceeding my previous expectations."
76561198149477568,Recommended,239160,15585659,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Tropolate,the best game ever but it should have co-op
,Recommended,239160,15605273,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ron Perlman,Even some didnt think it would work but this game is really good reminds me of the old games with a new touch and the first person thief/stealing type of games have always interested me from stealth game like Hitman codename 47 all the way to Dishonored and thief and the story is good a Thief that seals for himself but you can tell that he is a pro at this as you should and just steal a colection of loot it is amazing and i love this gameGood Luck Thiefs and have fun lerking in the shadows
,Recommended,239160,17340275,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Captain Corgi,♥♥♥♥ you i like it
76561198030695105,Not Recommended,239160,17148271,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,DolphinLover69,"Enthralling, enchanting, maddening and ultimately irresistable. Wow."
76561197970668950,Not Recommended,239160,16964022,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SPONGE,"The games ok, as a stealth game its simply ok. The original was superior and there other games i'd recommend over this.The reviews were very hit & miss & i can see why. The game isnt particually bad in anyway, its just not really that good in anyway either, what seems to of hurt it the most is that it has a high pedigree to live up to & the obvious comparsion.This feels like a missed opportunity with todays technology, design ability & AI opportunityIt feels  too consolised for my personal liking, too many samey quicktime events, no lean button (contextual mehness  - sigh), the maps are pretty average and whilst you can explore to a degree, there's no real drive to unless you can really be bothered to collect all of the shiny stuff for the various acheivements (meh). it never feels like a game you'll want to play through twice.I've found you can simply sprint to the next objective with no real repurcussion a lot of the time. The AI is pretty blind which is a shame as it reduces the tension somewhat, I also found the city doesnt feel alive, it feels a little like a 90's corridor fest & the plague thats going a round feels more like a excuse to do with game desgin than anything else.There is a little bit of rpg element to the game, but none of it really makes much of a difference to lean you towards buying the upgrades (unless you want all the shiny shiny that is)It plays reasonabley well, however the contextual lean is a poor design decison for the pc & feels a little lazy (console release related issues again).The game feels like a batman mod at times or even a poor mans dishonored, both of which as far far superior games. Such a shame."
76561198177295681,Not Recommended,239160,33013242,Posted: 29 June,all,Johnny,This game is so boring I wanted to smash a digital download over my knee. The old ones are still SO MUCH BETTER.
76561197998197307,Recommended,239160,23102801,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Small dick; Fat tits,i leik
,Recommended,239160,30575665,Posted: 17 March,all,Zuka,"Game is very good, but it has much more capacity to make it better as it is now. 7/10"
,Recommended,239160,29278486,Posted: 15 January,all,Pinkie Pie,PLAY IT!JUST PLAY IT!Seriously this game is just perfect
,Recommended,239160,21639361,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,(• ε •),"The amount of bad reviews for this game is ridiculous, just ignore them, buy the game and have fun.I have played the original Thief, it's one of my most favourite games and this is a great sequel, stop overanalysing and just get the game, especially if it's on sale it's a nobrainer no matter what anybody says."
,Not Recommended,239160,12412180,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,horizontal,No
76561198128214546,Recommended,239160,34816419,Posted: 8 September,all,luzanau,One of thebest gamesI've ever played!
76561197997812784,Not Recommended,239160,25612776,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,r.clements,"I purchased this game on sale because the video trailer gave the impression that the game could be played in third-person. I now understand that only a few segments of the game are in third person with the majority being first person. This was not made clear by the advertising.I hate first person games because they make me nauseous. I played the game for 10-12 minutes and became so sick that I had to quit. I will never launch the game again. I am just thankful I did not pay full price.  I have enjoyed other Square Enix games like Tomb Raider, Rise of the Tomb Raider  and Just Cause 2 that are played in third person view. I wish the developers had used a similar third person view for this title. I cannot recommend the game, but it might be just fine for those who like first person games."
,Recommended,239160,9260719,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,StefyRaRa,"I have waited ten years for a new Thief game. I have NOT been disappointed. :DAnd I was sort of in the ""Bring Back Stephen Russel!"" camp, because Garrett's voice delivering his selfishness/cynicism was a big part, if not the defining part. of his character,  but Garrett's new voice doesn't bother me so much. It suits him, this new City, and the vibe this reboot is going for. The cursing and lack of ""Taffer"" as an insult (it's a nickname for Garrett specifically, which is weird) is a bit saddeneing, but I still dig this reboot a chapter and a half in. I can barely run it because of my video card, so lag on Master difficulty makes this game literally nearly impossible. But I'm in love. These last ten years and two or three replays of the classics can only slightly prepare you for this interesting, challenging, and refreshing take on the stealth genre, all with the main man who started it all. I'm not far enough in to make comparisons to any of the more recent ""stealth"" games, but I can say; GARRETT. IS NOT. AND NEVER WILL BE. A FIGHTER. Thief games are 100% about stealth, and I fooled around on a mode where being seen/fighting doesn't mean failure and I appreciate that Garrett still cannot survive hand to hand. If you're in a fight, you pretty much need to escape and resealth. That's true to his character. That's true to what made Thief different.So, from a fan from the beginning, the voice acting? Not a problem. The new grittier color scheme? Not a problem. The new rope arrow? I'm a huge fan. Haven't seen too much of the story yet, so I'm not gonna say anything about that, but so far, I'm pleased. Now all you taffers, buy and play this game. It's amazing. <3"
,Not Recommended,239160,9264889,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,FrostByteTV_,This game has a great story however the graphics are a little outdated the control is not up to par and the missions are so linear its unreal. The combat is non existant. Basically if you're seen you better run. And if you can sneak up on someone you push q and you just knock someone out. I remembered thief way differently than this.
,Not Recommended,239160,29351102,Posted: 18 January,all,Greeter_Gaming,"The story line is as unrealistic as a dinosaur wearing a top hat and dancing in canberra. Magic and theives, really?"
,Not Recommended,239160,9273178,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,favoredflav,"Mediocre.   Uninspired graphics, bottom-shelf writing.   Brief glances at what could have been engaging stealth gameplay.Was bored and uninterested by the end of the tutorial."
,Recommended,239160,10160757,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Thief isn't a stealing my moneyLets get this out of the way, I never played the original Thief games. Oh, I also didn't like Dishonored. So therefore, I should hate this game, right? Wrong(ish). In short, Thief is a good, fun, some times lackluster game that won't be redefining gameplay anytime soon.First off, I figure I should scream at the graphics. But instead of screaming, i'll be kissing them. Thief is VERY pretty. The city, shadows, and textures are just plain...beautiful. The game takes place nearly at night, but that very stops it from looking good. Running it at Med. settings, the textures look about 100x better than most of the next-gen games. The same goes for the shadows. I mean, I want to say how realistic these look. Granted, I ran these at the max settings, but they look truly life-like. The city itself hasn't seen better days, graphically that is. Views over the city are rivaling Far Cry 3, and that's saying quite a bit. I almost forgot, the fires look beyond amazing, too. In short, if you want one of the prettier games to come out this year, pick this one up.Now to the story. As I said, I've never played any of the other thief games, but here is my take on it:The City(Thats really what its called) has been overrun by a plague. Garret got some super powers, at the cost of your ""girlfriends"" life. You, for some reason, want to...uhh...save her or something? Frankly, after that. I really stopped caring. After a point, I just started to skip the cut-scenes and more or less zone out. So, if theres anything to be said about the story, it's that it's forgettable, annoying, and was a general waste of Development time.Now to the all important gameplay. Well, its like Dishonored, just bad. *I'm not saying Thief is a D. Ripoff*. So, like I said. It revolves around sneaking around various places, to, well, steal stuff. But the stuff you steal isn't gold, or anything like that. Its magical objects, and documents, and stuff that aids in the shallow story. Granted, from time to time, you actually steal gold and the like. These rare missions of sneaking around and doing what Thief's do are amazing, and fun. But then back to the stealing documents...they are sadly more like the latest CoD game instead of a steal&stealth game. Action sequences, dull,forced combat, boss battles, and well, again, a lack of stealing makes these missions seem...weak.About the Stealth. Its done decently well. If you are walking in water, or on glass, you will be louder, and the Ai will find you. The maps are laid out in a way where there is always quick and sneaky ways to get around, but the thing is that most levels are too small for me to bother with the stealthy road. Your bow will 1 hit kill every enemy(With a headshot) and unlike Dishonored, the game won't get harder if you go around killing everything.Then in forced to use my stick. Like in thief games past, you,Garret, have a blackjack, a glorified stick. You can sneak up behind enemies and conk them on the head, which is all fine and dandy. But then when you get detected, your forced to engage in a sort of turn based fighting system. Not really, its in real-time, but well...The enemies hit you, you hit them, then you die. Unless,of course, you buy the focus upgrade that allows you to kill enemies in focus time. But aside from this, the combat its dull. You really cant make an escape, so if you get detected, you die.So a summary:Thief is a incredible looking game that is quite shallow outside of that. Forgettable characters, a lackluster story, and bad gameplay make this really not worth while6/10. Skip it"
,Recommended,239160,11500929,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[WAR]Lord.Elwood,Awesome addition to the theif series collection!
,Not Recommended,239160,9820424,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Caydln,"Well Garrett's outfit looks cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥..that's something right?Edit: Here is a non troll review, first of all the AI is busted like 100% broke, They turned Garrett into Batman for some reason trying to make him look like a hero when in the originals he was just a guy trying to pay his bills, In this game you don't have to steal a goddamn thing you can just bypass all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ they at least let give you a choice of what and how you do things however they followed Deadly Shodows and gave us this small hub of a world.I did have fun with the game, really I did. But when you compare it to the original games you can see how this and Deadly Shadows falls short. In the original games if you skipped something the game doesn't pet you and say ""Bless your heart"" no it smacks you and says ""GO PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!""This game is like a hand holding experiance, it's for children...His outfit still looks cool thought right?"
,Recommended,239160,26356092,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MAKARØV†,มีนมให้ดูด้วย เยื่ยมมมมมมมมมม
,Not Recommended,239160,35185007,Posted: 24 September,all,Cyric_the_Mad,"I'm afraid this one is a giant steaming vat of bacon fat boiling in♥♥♥♥♥♥It just doesn't feel right for a Thief game.The world feels cluttered.  It's dirty.  Although the filth is part of the lame♥♥♥♥♥♥♥plot device they used to propel the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story, it's still grotesque.The dialogue is horrible.  They never swore in the other Thief games, and there was no reason for them to start.  I guess they were trying for shock value but they did such a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job with the story that maybe I shouldn't care.I got almost all the way through the game.  I got that far because I had to get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d to numb the pain of such a dull experience.Do yourself a favor, play the other Thief games.   The original one is the best, the second is very close and the third was actually pretty good as well.This version is like eating a big trough of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥That is all."
76561198020144608,Recommended,239160,21598580,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Not Recommended,239160,35094562,Posted: 20 September,all,Hispanic! at the Disco,"No, like its just straight up poorly made and a waste of however much you decide to spend. If someone tries to gift it to you decline IMMIDIATELY. It will crash every 10 minutes and leave you with too much frustration with its awkard gameplay that it's not worth the time, energy or money. (even if recieved for free)"
76561198110693718,Recommended,239160,14299365,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Adam Shame,"Brilliant game , I think I might need to play it a second time to understand it more , but enjoyed all of it !"
,Recommended,239160,13640390,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,deadline44,I LOVE IT
76561198162119475,Recommended,239160,14375691,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,🅱tannis  🅱aratheon,"I need help, I keep crashing in the first part of the game eveytime I try picking pockets"
,Recommended,239160,9390821,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,VoidWaIker,Thief is a great game no matter what anyone says and my game of the year for 2014 everyone says its broken it really isent ive encountered one bug and thats cutscenes dialogue is faster then game but only by a few seconds is it as good as previous ones ehh maybe not but i still say its a great game and kinda makes me remember playing dishonored (my fav game of all time)also boobs8.69/10
,Not Recommended,239160,10441230,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Londii,"this game is great but bad, i found it was fun to play just not wanting to play was an issue, i thought it would be amazing but now its dropped 50% the original price and theen a 50% off deal"
,Recommended,239160,12823030,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Remove Shockwave,"Got the game pretty late thinking ""not very good reviews"", but i LOVE steath game and nobody really makes them anymore so i got it...............Launch screen pops up setting blah blah blah done ok press play....................................................................ok a black screen ............and.........................a crash try again crash again crash then I contact support Do every thing they say still the same............so yea dont get it you may like it but it does not work 4 me"
,Not Recommended,239160,21038000,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,STEVE,IT WAS ♥♥♥♥ING 20 EUROS NOW ♥♥♥♥ING 8
76561198145137111,Not Recommended,239160,16912646,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kum Captain,It's mainly all stealth...I hate stealth games.
,Recommended,239160,27885966,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Mighty Griffin,The last time I played a Thief game was deadly shadows from way back in the old days of console gaming and that was quite good with the robotic eye and everything! This one is now the 2nd ever Thief game I have played and not bad too for a penny under a fiver! Funnily enough Garrett did not have a robotic eye so the timeline is in question but I am unconcerned by that however his right eye is a different colour compared to his left eye.The frame rate is allright based on my PC settings and the low video settings I did too. The only bad thing I have noticed so far is that the voices do not match the lip movements and I am unsure if that is because of my low PC specs or a game bug. At the beginning of loading there was a black screen which lasted for about a minute or so and it made me question the overall quality.The clock tower and the entire city reminds me of London and the english accents make it all London like as well. I might get deadly shadows someday. All in all I would give this 3 out of 10.
76561197987070734,Not Recommended,239160,12125129,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Grove of Dreams,"The gameplay is stilted, the voice acting is terrible, and the immersion is threadbare.  There are dozens of reviews from folks who played / cherished the original games (I have not) who see this as little more than ""THIEF in name only"".  In my personal opinion it's better than DISHONOURED, which isn't saying much."
76561197996869099,Not Recommended,239160,9264231,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,quoththesailor,"Mediocrity is worse, in a way, than outright badness. Save yourself fifty bucks, and just play through Dishonored again."
76561198002284549,Not Recommended,239160,9260842,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sasren,I cant believe how Botched the Sound and Game mechanics are!! IM   P  I S S E D! i Love Thief... this feels nothing like thief.
,Recommended,239160,9258724,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Hunter S. Thompson,"Okay, because so many have been asking me in the last few hours how Thief is, I've decided to save myself the effort of repeating myself.Skip all this? Yes I recommend this game. But there are some flaws to take into consideration.Story: Incredibly well written and scripted scenes in a beautiful steampunk open envirement (Semi open, I'll get to that later)Flaws: AI is incredibly stupid, If you are detected simply go into a tight space and let them stack up on eachother, cutting them down as the come at you one at a time. The voices of the guards can get confusing at times, you'll hear two voices comming from one guard.The game loads in my opinion way too much, ruining the immursion at almost every turn.American-British accents, so obviously scripted in Canada but based in the UK possibly?But by far the biggest drawback is the AI. You can shoot a guard in the face from 10 feet away, the arrow riccocets off his helmet and he still has no clue where you are on the hardest diffaculty. If thats a game changer for you don't buy it.Now, about that semi-open world. Ever played dishonored? It's like that, not like GTA or Saints Row where you go somewhere in the world and do missions in that very same world. You go to a mission start point then are teleported to a zone where there are multipul approaches to the loot you want or need. Between main missions the world is yours for the taking, quite literally. Any common areas are open and have many different homes to pilfer and conversations to overhear from the rooftops.Positives: Amazing envirement with many aproaches to your objective. The loot system is decently well refined with a cool little collection in the clock tower between missions you can gawk at. The story is wonderful, and well written thus far. It has some oh♥♥♥♥♥♥moments that gets your blood pumping to be sure, definately exciting at times.Ending opinion: Yes i recommend it, though wether or not its worth 50 bucks in the end is really up to you. Although I don't regret it, as I suspected before the release as with any other thief games, the AI is really dissapointing, but the envirement and loot system mechanics is not. It in essence is a Skyrim with working stealth mechanics and less bugs that i've noted thus far."
76561198126123090,Recommended,239160,9256619,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,alexdelallata,I just bought the damn game and for some reason it keeps crashing after loading when you put nre game!!!someone help!
,Recommended,239160,9256851,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,KindredCorpse,"This game has all of the stealth gameplay nostalgia, with great new game mechanics, interesting environments, and a great story line that draws you in.  Get this game - it's totally worth the money.9/10 -- Will update once I've completed the game."
76561198073282184,Not Recommended,239160,9265388,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,cristopher.jones,"Crashing in too many places, no support. overall a shoddy delivery for such an experienced company."
76561198019411948,Not Recommended,239160,9267309,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Genghis Khan,Game is plagued with an assortment of bugs and poor optimization.
,Recommended,239160,9258875,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Cadedrik,"So far I'm impressed with Thief. I've been a huge fan of this series for many years. At first I was worried about it bombing because of certain reviews, but I am pleased with what I have dabbled into at this point. Visually this game is absolutely stunning. I am pleased with how it looks when the settings are cranked. As far as the voice acting, I was put off at first due to Garrett not being voiced by the original voice actor. Sort of like with Splinter Cell Blacklist, the lack of Ironside is tough to handle, but you must get over it, and accept it.As for the gameplay, I am immensely pleased with what is offered. I am an avid player of stealth games, and this game caters to any crowd. I for one love playing the hardest difficulty, with little to no aid via UI, and this game offers just that! You have a whole slew of options to enable and disable to show a minimap, loot glints if you want the easy way out for acquiring loot, and so forth. I highly recommend this game to any fan of the series, or any newcommer. The movement might seem fast paced at first because of first person only, but as time progresses it might improve or not."
76561198105839802,Recommended,239160,9259890,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xx.OxiClean_bOIII.Xx,This game is a stealth game its the best stealth game i have ever had the privleg to play assassins creed looks like a rotting peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥compard to this game its the only first person stealth game that does not suck the D so do i recommend this game........HELL YEAH
,Recommended,239160,9261493,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ho Chi Sock,Thief stole my money. 10/10
,Recommended,239160,9258477,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Svenson,"This game is quite good despite the fact it isn't really related to the original series. I have substituted the plot for a story about a man who lost his ""ghetto booty""(erin), and slowly loses his sanity due to the fact his ghetto booty is gone. 20/10"
76561198031256858,Recommended,239160,26603526,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Jesse Pinkman,"I have not played the old triology nor do I need to. Stop judging the present by looking at the past and expecting changes when you're constantly looking foward to the same exact thing. Leave the past be.Loved the characters, loved the scenario (very dark victorian I suppose), loved the gameplay, loved the story. Best part was, I did not expect that asylum level to be... let's go with ""jumpy"" and hence the suprise factor worked out very well. Good narrative and an amazing atmosphere if you're into victorian, steampunk, age of enlightenment with a dystopian twist to it."
,Recommended,239160,9262481,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,No matter what other people might cry about. This game is one of the greatest games I've played in this genra since Dishonored. The sneaking and the fluidity of it all is just great. The option menu is one of the most complete one you will ever find in a PC game. The gameplay is awesome. It is even possible to simply finish the game without killing anyone or killing everyone.9/10 Great game with great gameplay and great graphics.
,Recommended,239160,23556011,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Norikiyo,"I love it when I look down and find out that my character has arms, legs and a body in general."
,Recommended,239160,9256128,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Beatmy5team,"Currently on Chapter 2 of the game and loving it. I never played any of the older Thief games but just based off of playing this one, I say it has great gameplay and the stealth part of it is awesome. Even though i suck and just have to kill people most of the time."
,Recommended,239160,9260105,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,lovelymuffins,"Its a thief game. You sneak around and steal things, then go around and steal more things while sneaking around. If you are not sneaking you are pretty much playing the game wrong."
76561197981061401,Recommended,239160,9259473,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Blaeys,"Still has the feel, playstyle and ambiance of the old game.  Best purchase Ive made on Steam in a year, hands down.I love this series for one reason - stealth isnt dependent on an obvious game mechanic. You stay in the shadows and behind guards - you walk slowly past sleeping enemies and guard dogs - you manipulate shadows and noise to your favor.  I admit Im not far into the game, but sneaking into the jewelry store to grab the mask (spoiler - you steal things in this game) made me actually feel like a thief - not a superpowered master of illusion, acrobatic circus star or master assassin, just a thief.This is what I wanted from this game, and it delivered."
76561198108366707,Recommended,239160,33256472,Posted: 4 July,all,Goopie,the protagonist isnt black. makes no sense lmao
76561198084536897,Recommended,239160,9261461,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tidan1989,Awesome game so far for only being 4 hrs in. Feel like i missed a few things not playing earlyer games of the franchise but thats mostly just backround story that is semifilled in as i go.
,Recommended,239160,9262661,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,"[N,WO]Camshaft","Loving it so far, would recommend."
76561197999067407,Recommended,239160,9275878,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Neonshuffler,Pretty amazing game.
,Recommended,239160,9257312,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Abeltensor,"Thief is an interesting game.  It is very much a throw back that pays homage to many of the popular games in stealth action; naming a few, Metal Gear,  Splinter cell, and Dishonored are the 3 that really come to mind, with some other games permiating the world such as Assassin's Creed and bioshock.   Theif takes the mechanics of these games and then makes them its own by adding spins to them or making them less linear and more of a choice. There is a blatant lack of handholding in this game which really is a breathe of fresh air in the current market of gaming.  Not only that, but you can play the game anywhere from extremely easy to extremely hard, both offering different experiences that make the game sufficently replayable.  The robust difficulty system is one of many systems in the game, such as the graphics options and the control options making this an extremely solid PC port.  If thief is a sign of the PC ports to come from the next gen of consoles then I am very excited.THis is not to say that the game is all good, ""the overworld"" is broken up into different sections which can cause some confusion to a first time player and overall breaks some of the immersion.  The levels ive played thus far havent been as expansive as the original theif titles and it seems that the game takes its mission completing strategies from games like splinter cell and Dues Ex: Human revolution where there are about 3 ways of going about doing each thing.  This limits some of the creativity on the part of the player when it comes to completing the goal of each of the missions.  The game may open up as you complete it but thus far this is the general feeling ive had while playing.Overall though, it is a very fun game and while still on my first play through, i am already thinking about how i will go about playing through it again on the harder difficulty settings which is the hallmark of a wellcrafted and fun game."
76561198203952136,Recommended,239160,26296220,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ANegativeSquaredCapitalLetter,is only geam but is gud geam
,Recommended,239160,26468490,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SereneSara,"This game is a lot of fun and I have a ton of fun replaying it as well. The stealth aspect is a ton of fun. I really enjoy sneaking through everywhere and do my best to never get detected. I've never detected any issues whatsoever playing it. If you enjoy stealth games, I'm sure this is a game you will enjoy. :3c"
76561198088928560,Recommended,239160,30902357,Posted: 2 April,all,Karma farmskins.com,"Yeah, buy it."
,Not Recommended,239160,10463183,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,spartank,i feel like i was robbed of 40$ honestly
76561198041141825,Not Recommended,239160,23966108,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gibla,absolute♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239160,11343063,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pablos De Taco,HOLY BALLS THEIF IS THE BEST GAMEthe story is moderatethe gameplay is amazingand the weapons and powerups are great 2by far this is a great example of the stealth genre and i highly recomend it
,Not Recommended,239160,30093536,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561198125179871,Recommended,239160,14301372,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mr Not-A-Penguin,"This a great game. only one small problem, in a few areas in the game theres a little bug where there are black lines in some places on the screen. Other than that this is a must buy game."
,Not Recommended,239160,23673415,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,hexapuss,"My Rao, My Rao, why hast thou forsaken me?"
76561198048520168,Recommended,239160,14334568,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,DogTown,"You play as Black Man Bobby stealing his funds to create Nike, they may aswell have called this game The story of the man who created Nike, #Black Power #WhiteRepupelick... 8/8 recieves baddass seal of ♥♥♥♥ stain."
,Not Recommended,239160,30049809,Posted: 19 February,all,Timself,"This game is very fun. I don't have many minutes in the game, but I can already see that I have been enjoying it a lot. Also your partner has nice♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198263855360,Recommended,239160,26234985,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Tetanicharbor16,I would like to get the chance to wnjoy the game but every 15 minutes or so the game just crashes... iv restartex the game over and over but it always crashes.
,Recommended,239160,15551191,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,look at at gameplay and see if u want it i myself love it
76561198040308154,Recommended,239160,9264176,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ben,"Very disapointed. I was hoping for a game like Dishonored. But this game is slow even with the worst video quality, the gameplay is not as good as DH, the speech is not synchronised with cinematics, ... This is a nightmare :-/EDIT: Ok, I tried it on another computer and the experience was far better. The game itself is fun (very much like Dishonored when you play non lethal) and the scenario is interesting. I recommand this game if you have very good/recent hardware."
,Recommended,239160,9256150,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,grungerocker92,"Very much liking this game so far, Do Not play on easy or thief mode though! play on Master or create a customized difficulty. This game would be far to easy and ruin the thief experience if played on a mode where citizens are fair game and guards can be swept aside like dust. Trust me Play on master or go HC and cusomize a dificulty harder than master and eidos will give you props on the leader board."
76561198000088094,Not Recommended,239160,9265894,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,GOObER,It's a fair stealth game but too many flaws keep it from being great ...- Very linear level design.- Clunky movements - main character seems clumsy.- Too many scissors and lamps and candlesticks and cups that need stealing.- Dumbed down console feel of the game.- Truly crappy lockpick minigame (basically just click three or four white dots).It's worth a buy at 25.00 but 45.00 was a ripoff.
,Recommended,239160,9255597,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,kilasha,Good game But i don't know why this game requires too high end graphics
,Recommended,239160,12695613,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Valkyrian,"A great stealth game that delivers exactly what is says on the tin.The stealth in this game is the strongest part of the game, you feel more in the shadows compared to a game like Dishonored. Yes, the maps are very linear, which can be fustrating, but the maps still offer a range of ways to get past it, and the linearity of the maps allows for a stronger stealth system; feeling anxious and having to be patient and clever about your next move.There are still parts to the game that could be improved vastly: the sound in the game is awful - there is no way of telling if the people you hear are close or indoors etc. The story in the game has potential, but is pretty lackluster.The main map is great at first but once you need to move from one side to other after every mission, it's just tiresome. It takes too long to get from one side to the other due to the amount of guards about, and even when you find a quick way through, it just gets repetitive.Chapter 5 is out of place from the game, some say it's amazing, others hate it. It's a great horror chapter but for me, it wasn't what I wanted from the game and I had to turn the sound off and run through.. personally I hated it.Difficulty wise, I played it on Master, and my challenge for myself was to never get any suspicions raised. In hindsight, this wasn't the best idea as it took twice as long as the average to complete the game and I missed out and some 'tactics' that could have been used (aka bottle thrown etc). However, difficulty wise, this was pretty difficult, with some areas needing to resort to the one youtube video that included no suspicions raised and having to do a cheap trick to get past. If you want difficulty in thief, you can find it.Overall, I felt the game had a brilliant stealth system but was let down by everything else. Still a great game and worthy of your time."
76561198001816322,Recommended,239160,26607632,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,orborborb,better than any of the Bioshock or Dishonored games because it has challenge and atmosphere instead of lots of meaningless items and objects and options
,Not Recommended,239160,23946883,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mudge,"game looked super awesome, pile of hot horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy"
76561198006734457,Not Recommended,239160,13180094,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ROBINO,you wear black leather with bucklesmore like a gimp than a thief0/10 would play thief 2 intead
,Recommended,239160,27688405,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HOUSE STARK,Thief
,Recommended,239160,33984776,Posted: 2 August,all,Gay Guillaume,"this is better than those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ first games, they're horrible and this one at least TRIES to be good."
76561198132228374,Recommended,239160,31460940,Posted: 30 April,all,♚ Helluya ♛ | farmskins.com,brightness is low xD
76561198037951604,Recommended,239160,9258868,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sargon,"Awesome reboot of the old titles.. not perfect, but what a great start.  The critics who said this was bad are completly and totally mistaken.   Keep in mind its not a combat game.. like the old thief games the goal is stealth."
,Recommended,239160,9258603,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,GWZ85,This game...really really awesome .....
,Recommended,239160,9259991,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Geezer Bandit,"So far so good.  Very similar to Dishonored in a great way!  Traverse the city from ledge to ledge.  Steal loot from jewelery stores, banks and the like.  Choose your play-style; go sneaky and leave everyone alive, or walk through the shadows and kill swiftly."
76561198007282680,Recommended,239160,9258822,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,dajarvi,Best Thief yet!  I've played Thief since the first!
,Recommended,239160,9262007,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,QuirkyTurtle,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239160,9262396,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Λ r k h Λ m _ K ᑎ i g h t,this is so good :D
,Recommended,239160,20781240,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[Seller] NikO™,Amazing game *-*Gameplay: 80/100Story: 85/100Graphics: 95/100Atmosphere 90/100Controls 90/100Terrifying 40/100Sound: 100/100
,Not Recommended,239160,10483340,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Cartof,"Whatta failure of a stealth game.. the mechanics are SO SLOW.. i would rather play Dishonored several times for all achievements than loosing time on this piece of crap.If you played Dishonored don't buy it, its♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198171859737,Recommended,239160,17349323,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Rake,"FIRST!!! this game is G R E A T!!  i have figured it out with the steam user reviews; most are meatheads!  i do not go by ANYONES reviews anymore, so do not go by mine. its official in my case, what I LIKE no one else does; what THEY like i cannot figure for the life of me. HOWEVER JUST  go by the fact that AWESOME S T E A M will let you return a played game if you dont like it.   Great missison, all stealth, dank and dark, and all but a great story.  If there is ever a II hopefully it will pick up the story.  Also have aplayed the 1st three, just a as great just different era.here are a few of my games that i put on equal footing with thief, and mind you i picked it up on sale so i didnt pay anything near what most clowns who buy say ""ARKIM KNIGHT for $100"" when it comes out!  not MY style.batman: origins, asylym, the other, dishonored, alan wake, tomb raider (new not that joke junk most of you probably liked) all hitmans, all three PRIOR thief games, rome, napoleon, ALL max paynes, ALL AC games (but unity), BF4, COD, and dirts, complete 3, rally just to name a few, AND  DISHONORED!oh i will mention also didnt pay more than $9.98 for ANY and $4.98 for most!!     so dont go by MY review; my review makes  CENTS and that makes me enjoy them even more! i wouldnt pay $14.99 for ANY game, let alone $19.99 LMAO!!and as if you didn't already know, if its full price now just wait it will be on sale.  oh wait, like thief!!i have way more hours clocked since i use RAPTR most of the time.  at least there you can gain more faster and get more!sidebar:  SELL ALL THOSE CARDS!!  they do nothing.  NOTHING!! booster packs?!  who needs those?! REALLY!!  i'll take your money.   if i wanted to REALLY justify it, all of you who purchased my cards purchased me this game, THANKS!"
76561198248661512,Not Recommended,239160,23930370,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,PostPWNDRetardedKid,My cousin said don't this game beacuse it has mixed reviews but screw him I liked it.
76561198044261563,Recommended,239160,25580212,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Goozberry Jim,"I like it, I like it a lot"
,Recommended,239160,9325866,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Measha_Brota,I LOVE IT ( dont listen to me im being forced to write this RUN NOOOOO RUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
76561198077381458,Not Recommended,239160,34975711,Posted: 15 September,all,SNIPPY,"♥♥♥♥♥voice acting,♥♥♥♥♥♥story,♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198010418156,Not Recommended,239160,23618243,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,wraith,no
,Not Recommended,239160,20534158,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,i was hiding and they saw me wtf
,Recommended,239160,26483835,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Shadow Snake,"This is why Thief is still the best first person stealth game, even after what people think is a debaucle in Thie4:Thief 4 takes on a new twist in the tried and true series. When I first played it it did indeed seem like a convulted mess of a city, the game play was questionable because you couldn't ""climb everything"" and the story line was abrupt in the end. Well the end of the storyline I can't defend against, but the rest is HOGWASH!!Thief 4, the newest installment, also simply known as Thief, is a brilliant game. You have to THINK like a thief in a world that is a bit more powerful than you. That means you have to use your wits, speed, memory, intelligence, tools and shadows to survive properly. You have to be able to read people to know where they are going, and throw something, make a sound somewhere else to make them go where you will not be. You have to know how to move from spot to spot without being seen, and if you are know how to get the ""F"" outta there!! You have to know what can be transversed by thinking that you don't have the power of a Creed loving Assassin. You got a special eye if you want to make things  bit smoother, but if you use your brain, you can use minimal or none of those skills at all, but what thief isn't good at increasing his combat to level 2 and knocking out a guard with a CRITICAL STRIKE!!!? Ask Locke Cole from Final Fantasy. The city does seem like a mess, doesn't it?? But a good thief is good on reconisense, and that means being able to know where EVERYTHING is, making a blueprint of the world around him and only using the map when absolutely necessary. And that is rare, cause you have a perfect memory, non? The tools are aquired early to get the big pieces quickly and get more money, then you cycle, rinse, wash, repeat until you have so much volume money that you can buy all the arrows you need!! Lastly, the name Thief Taker General? There is a book called ""The Lies of Locke Lamora"" where little orphans are trained into being thieves by a guy named the Thief Maker General, so the opposite of him is a play on words by Edios.It's a game as sneaky as the protagonist, so get used to what you don't understand. Or you will think you were robbed from a game that is actually quite a steal in itself.-Locces LeBeau"
76561198241562764,Not Recommended,239160,23969778,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,heeere's johnny,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥i paid 20 bucks and i can't play it i looked for forums for help steam doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥
76561198104645040,Not Recommended,239160,9264062,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Mr.pebbles,"there is a problem thith windows 7, when i load the first mission my game shut down"
,Not Recommended,239160,9260905,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Pirrad,"well, its buggy as hell in the release day, i'll try to play again later, then i see about the like"
,Not Recommended,239160,9262266,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Crosshairs,"Meh. Not too good. Not too bad. I want my money back. If it goes for $20.00 or less get it, its honestly not worth full price. Has another typical help the ""good side"" storyline, couldnt be criminalistic or have a unique bad guy storyline. Just another lame story that feels way too forced with characters you dont give a crap about"
,Not Recommended,239160,9262837,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,a legendary dutch oven,1. Enter game2. Take 3 steps3. Crash4. Repeat steps 1-3 until you get so angry you post a step by step review on the game.
,Recommended,239160,9253699,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Hoofenshnozzles,"Thief is an impressive game with fluid gameplay.Rarely do i experience loss in framerate.However, the many parts of the city are separated with too many loading screens and  it is sometimes unclear what you can climb and what you can't climb.(REALLY.SERIOUS.)I still feel its worth the money though;D"
,Not Recommended,239160,9264674,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Dr Ymath,"Pretty disapointing, could have been a great game.Combat is clunky, movement is clunky, audio is buggy, voice acting is meh, characters are shallow.Don't even get me started on the ""assassins creed"" wall climbing sections either.Not worth $50, maybe if it comes on sale for 15-20 grab it."
,Not Recommended,239160,23673506,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Van Heilsing,omfg i feel like ninja omg.but can't kill bad guys . 5/4
,Not Recommended,239160,9263278,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Cloudwalker,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239160,9256067,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,theNoize,"THIS GAME IS SICK!  IT WILL BLOW YOUR BRAIN!sleak, smooth, and fast paced.  full of loot , full of fun!"
,Recommended,239160,9253656,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,shattering244,"I never played any Thief game before but this game is fun imho. Played up to the 3rd chapter.I also appreciate the developers idea to add a custom difficulty, it's a nice addition to those who like to customize their challenge.Update: Been playing for about 6 hours now and I'm loving this game more and more. The story is intriguing, it had some great moments too, something that made me go OMG. And the side mission, I LOVE THE SIDE MISSIONS! I wanna do it again and again and again!"
,Recommended,239160,9257297,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,shoppinkarte,Awesome! It's like Dishonored mixed with Payday!
76561198050458416,Recommended,239160,9255732,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,FunKenGReuvEN,"I waited many months to play this game! I've only played the first 30 minutes to get a feel for it and I can tell you I'm excited to play the rest. The graphics are very good and it seems to be well optimized for Nvidia graphics. I play in 5892 x 1080 Nvidia Surround with quad EVGA SC780tis and it's smooth as butter at 70-100+ fps with all options maxed. I haven't tried the 3D out yet, but it it's anything like TR4 (Square Enix), then I think I'm in for a real treat. Frist impressions are great!!!"
76561198005732548,Not Recommended,239160,9265445,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,dust489,"might be good when they fix the sound. untill then, dont waste your money. this game is unplayable without sound."
,Not Recommended,239160,30010588,Posted: 18 February,all,efcuS,IT IS BAD !!! I TOUGHT ITS LIKE DISHONORED BUT IT ISNT !!! THIS GAME SUCKS !!! DONT BUY !!!
76561198042479131,Not Recommended,239160,34752854,Posted: 5 September,all,Camp,"henlo steamo,,,,,i theink thisis veryvery very good and game. but it makeyo u    not killl peolple goodly . i want gam e   when you akill peopele like gta orrr sskyrim !!pleasse wrok on  this thank yiuo"
,Recommended,239160,13175923,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,AarkTheDragon,"A fun, well-made game that is a great addition to the Thief franchise.The graphics are beautiful, the mechanics work well and are befitting of Thief, and the storytelling is interesting, although not terribly original.My biggest complaint is Garret himself. In Thief: Deadly Shadows, had you asked Garret why he steals♥♥♥♥♥♥ he would reply ""Because it pays the rent, leaves me with a little something extra, and is much more fun than a dumb old day job."" The new Garret? He'd say in a dark, brooding voice ""Because...it's who I am."" and then he'd vanish in to the shadows like Batman. He's gone from being the average moody joe with fancy ninja skills to a stereotypical anti-hero with a hard-on for DC comics.Aside from the new Garret, the game still features all the looting, sneaking, blackjacking, and parkour-exploring of the city I've come to love, and I have no regrets in this purchase."
,Not Recommended,239160,9261357,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Rager,The map is one big cluster♥♥♥♥
76561198007331159,Not Recommended,239160,9261386,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,themaximus71002,The game crashes at the second dust to dust episode when you try to get help and find out there is no support or even a phone number for valve you are pretty screwed if you are normal me I am wayyyyyyy not normal I.Q. 142 here is the number all folks want enjoy oh and steam aka valve aka eidos I am formally letting you know that I am suing you all on a personal and business level all by my lonesome self ...425-889-9642 john cook extension 122 try others don't hit game support they don't have one so do what ever it is you need to do to get what you need they got your money didn't they! it is time to take it back! also you can sue steam and valve on a personal and business level only if you personally file the claim yourself not group therapy allowed lol and yes if you file it in your state they must come there yup I am pre law :)
76561197976507812,Not Recommended,239160,9262734,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,GreyGhost,"This game doesn't work for me, and it doesn't work for a great many other people. Yet another broken game has been released. DO NOT BUY IT."
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,239160,26083380,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Game makes me yawn even more now they banned me from the forums for being normal.Every ban now means I will never spend money on such particulars franchise again... unless its 80+% off, and the Devs (and any company they are associated with) beg me to buy.Wait....I already got this game for a bag of peanuts in a sale... wew... thought they got the better end of the deal for a moment...But they can`t rip me.... and thats all they want... from all customers,... for us to accept any old trash, and to pay through the nose.Enjoy your $$$ ban Sq Enix & Steam.Lol."
,Not Recommended,239160,9256021,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Robot Joe,"Thief 1 and 2 are very good games. Perfect stealth games IMO. They allow a lot of freedom of how a player can approach their objective and the games. They do a good job of making the players feel clever and it was very gratifying to discover obscure secrets through little visual clues like scuffmarks on the floor in front of a bookcase to reveal a secret passage, or finding a loose brick in a wall that hidden a treasure.Thief, the new game is very in your face with that stuff, treasure isn't hard to spot at all with how it glints and book cases and pictures and whatever that hide secrets just LIGHT UP, I dunno I just have a feeling that the devs think players are all idiots and wouldn't be able to figure out subtle clues and notes to discover these things on their own so they highlight everything. I also hate how contexualized every action is, you're no longer really free to climb where ever you want or even freely be able to jump anymore.They did away with the classic moss arrows and now rope arrows can only be fired at predetermined posts, and no longer just any wooden/soft surface. The game seriously lacks the sandboxyness and sense of freedom that the older games gave you.ALso the game is trashy unoptimized garbage, Loading sucks, and has horrible but hilarious audio overlap some of the time when characters are talking during cutscenes or when garret does things too fast in some instances.The game just has nothing in common with the older titles, there's no hammerites or the other two factions and Garret isn't the greed, out for himself loner thief-man that. And one of the things i really liked about garret is that he was a normal human in a supernatural world, he had to rely on his wit and his gadgets, he didn't need that dumb detective vision or anything (and i do realise you can turn it off).Just, ugh. Dumb jumbled rant.GAME IS BAD, GO PLAY THE DARK MOD INSTEAD. It's free! And it's a standalone now, you no longer need doom 3 to run it and it comes with an ingame browser where you can download a ton of missions from. It's the definitive sequel to the classic thief games"
76561198040939482,Recommended,239160,9257574,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tittysprinkles,the game crashes once the opening loading screen is done loading.... I know that alot of people are still having this problem but since i found out what my problem was and got the game running i have really enjoyed the game. it is a beautiful game story is pretty good the stealth mechanics are well done overall i would give it a 7.5 so far
,Not Recommended,239160,9255797,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,AwfulOffalOffer,"Long time taffer. 5 minutes into the game I hit the first ""Modern"" segment. My spontanious reaction was to wince and let out ""Oh god it hurts"". I then turned it off.And I quote: ""Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaansoooooles!!!!"""
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,239160,9255825,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,01001000 01001001,"Does not have Garrett's original voice, then it does not have Garrett."
,Recommended,239160,9247998,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sophie Neuenmuller,Tomb Raider: Thief Edition
76561198120397785,Not Recommended,239160,13601560,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GG Joe,"There once was a time when I liked this game. But after thinking about it for a while, and watching the gaming sins channel on Youtube, I realize how much of a mess this game really is. It never feels like you are choosing your own path. Rather, you are taking the path the developers want you to take. If the developers say you can't climb on a box, then by god you are not climbing that box, even if it looks like you can. I never really feel like I'm in control, and the level design just doesn't feel like it belongs to a stealth game. I recommend Thief Deadly Shadows if you want to play an amazing stealth game. I wouldn't even pick this up on sale. It's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,239160,10930556,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Superhans,"At first I wanted to defend this game. The same studio did Human Revolution and that was overall pretty good. I was worried they'd ruin Deus Ex but they didn't. So I figured they'd do Thief some justice as well. They blew it. I used to think it was OK but lately I went back and played Thief 2 and it's made me realize what a pile of nonsense this new Thief game is. It has none of the magic that Looking Glass brought to the table. It's like a bad cover band. This isn't a Thief game at all. I call it Handsy Robberman. Eidos, if you intend to make another Thief game then GO BACK AND PLAY THE ORIGINALS FIRST. I swear these people must have never played them as they killed everything that worked previously. They infused all the modern trappings of stupidity in game design these days with a series that didn't need any of that stupid garbage. They had glitches with the audio and conversations. And the conversations... don't get me started on that. Where were they? The charm of the originals was  in part due to the conversations and mutterings of guards as they went about their business. That's essentially all missing from this game. There's about three lines of speaking that everyone says over and over because these developers couldn't be bothered to come up with more. And the lazy level transition stuff with pushing wood out of the way or opening a window with a pry bar all the time. Over and over and over. And then there's the animations. Control is taken away from the player nonstop in this game. EVERY SINGLE THING HAS AN ANIMATION. over and over and over. Instead of thinking about the player these people were just thinking about themselves. ""Hey! Look at this! It looks cool! Do it some more! Everyone has quest arrows and markers and other aids so lets do it too! Lets not let the player use any intelligence of their own! Let's think about everything Thief did right and then we'll do the opposite!""Yeah that's basically what they did. Handsy Robberman still manages to be an OK game despite all that and if you can find it really cheap on a sale you may wanna grab it. If you've never played a real Thief game before and you 've only played Far Cry then you'll probably enjoy the hell out of this. For everyone else, you will just be left scratching your head at how in the world this ridiculous self masturbatory thing got made.Eidos, either stop now or go back to the drawing board. All your team members should be forced to replay the originals before you attempt another one. Seriously.People used to hate on Thief 3. This games gives them a reason to see why that hate was misguided. Randy, Thief 3 was effing great. This game is stupid.Oh, and the story for this Thief reboot is utterly effin stupid."
,Recommended,239160,18970674,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,[-NoE-] papanurgle,"Edit: Heavily edited the review during my second play through. Removed a lot of excess text.I have not played another Thief game so in that regard I'm unbiased. I have played Dishonored and I found that to affect my perception in this game.The review:As I had played Dishonored I expected a lot of freedom when it came to moving around. This was a disappointment in Thief. Garret can only climb, use rope arrows, and jump in specific places. You have to press a button to drop down from a ledge, which can be good as it lowers the number of times you accidentally fall to your death, but sometimes it's frustrating as Garret can refuse to drop down until you back off the ledge and try to approach it again. Same problem with jumping and climbing but not as frequent.The game looks good (if a bit monotonous with the color scheme) and the setting is nice but I didn't really like the story. It was pretty poorly explained andthe supernatural theme took too big of a role in my opinion. Voice acting and animations was overall very good, but I didn't find any of the characters especially likable.Garret is a voiced and established character that already in the prologue makes clear that he doesn't like killing people. You are, however, still free to kill as many as you want any time you want, throughout the game. Maybe they wanted to push the stealth theme by establishing Garrets feelings towards murder, but then why is one of the optional thieving objectives almost always ""# of kills or take downs""? Shouldn't pure stealth mean that you aren't seen at all? There is no optional objective for ""no kills or take downs"".Between missions you are free to traverse the city hub area, which is a mess. A convoluted maze. It's hard to traverse and full of loading areas. You constantly have to go through windows to get to the next sub area even if you stay in the same quarter. Each window you go through have to be forced open with a crowbar, tapping the use button. Both on your way in and out. Garret apparently NEVER leaves them open for himself. You can unscrew vents but apparently someone is re tightening the screws because you have to unscrew them again if you are away from the area long enough. Some areas are separated by narrow pathways. Squeezing through a path you have to tap e again to lift the same wooden beam out of the way EVERY TIME! (Yes, there's ALWAYS a wooden beam in the way) I would much rather have a smaller but more open hub area without loading screens and have the maze like levels confined to the missions.Side missions are a pain to pick up since it forces you to run back and forth in the hub area. Fortunately Basso let's you start how many jobs you want and then you can just track them one-by-one, but the other clients only give's you one at the time.Be careful with the quick save! If you quick save while watching a bunch of guards talking and then quick load, the guards will immediately go on their patrols. It's possible to play, quick save, play further, and when you quick load you find yourself stuck between guard patrols getting caught immediately. One time quick loading also got a guard stuck in one place and only reloading last checkpoint solved that. So save often, on several slots!Conclusion:The game is good enough that I'm doing another play through on a 700+ point Master - Custom difficulty, and you know what? It's way more fun this way!- Someone saw you? Mission fail!- Took some damage? Mission fail!- Took down a guard? Mission fail!- You scared a bird? Mission fail!I.e. true stealth. On top of this I have focus disabled for the Clear Headed achievement. Though I would not recommend not using focus on the first play through.The annoying hub area is much less of a problem in a straight forward, main mission focused, stealth play through. For me this proves that the game would have gained from dropping the hub area completely or confined it to in and/or around the clock tower. Then placing missions inside the city so when you went there you had a goal. More like Dishonored.The game is so similar to Dishonored that comparisons are inevitable. In my opinion, Thief is the better stealth game but only if played on high difficulty settings. The controls and lack of freedom of movement holds it back making Dishonored the better game in general, but if you are looking for a pure stealth game with a bit of a challenge then Thief it is (again, on MASTER difficulty or harder)."
76561198150734505,Recommended,239160,19260146,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Guwop,ilike it a lot
,Recommended,239160,19382122,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,roonilxwaslib,"I've decided to go ahead and give this game a thumbs up, but mostly because I knew what I was getting when I bought this game. This IS the first Thief game I've played, and yes, I do have some idea why this game is so different from the earlier games. But, differences aside, I do enjoy playing this game. And so, thumbs up it is.For starters, I like the overall feel to the game. The plot is in-depth enough to keep you interested without being obnoxious to the gameplay, and there's enough choice within the game to keep things interesting. It's certainly not the best game out there, but it certainly isn't a waste of money. With that said, I would NOT pay full price for it. For what the game is lacking, and for the number of little bugs, $30 is a bit ridiculous.The biggest cons for me are:* If I have to watch one more cut scene where the audio is a full 3 seconds ahead of the video... ugh.* For a game about a thief, you'd think the stealing items part would be a bit less, um, pointless.* Too many chapters of the game are way too easy. It's annoying to discover that you've been sneaking around a building for half an hour, only to get to the exit without encountering a single obstacle. What's the fun in that?"
76561198057836269,Recommended,239160,12083590,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Mr.Badnews,play to chapter 5 and i never play this game again
,Recommended,239160,14556552,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,✪ Holset,5/5 would get hit by a heatseeking missile again
76561198005310553,Not Recommended,239160,9297445,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Baman,"Horribly bad ported, horrible gameplay, Just terrible overall."
76561198067186070,Recommended,239160,9333488,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Peace,Good game.
76561198073719305,Recommended,239160,9292832,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Duck,"A very great stealth, dark, and dramatic game. This is a Reboot from the old Thief games from the 1990's which were the founding father's of the stealth genre. Let it be said, this is not a ""assassin simulator"" such as Dishonored, but a stealth based game in which you steal to survive in a dark, diseased, and damned world. This is a VERY great game if you enjor stealth, loot, a challenge, or a stellar story. Only with this game will I never need a Half-Life 3."
,Recommended,239160,9394562,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Wolfen,"Fun and true to the ""being a thief"". You just cannot go gunz´blazin like in other stealth games. Get's a litle tedious after a while but the collectibles and the storry will hook you up for at least 2 runs."
,Not Recommended,239160,9394604,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,The.Leo,Not a good representation of the previous Theif games.
76561198064439938,Recommended,239160,9395693,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Spicy Boy,"Very similar to dishonerd but with a different storyline and gamestyle.Good Points:-It's very nice to look at your stats and play style after the chapter-First person animations are very smooth-Storyline makes sense-It's impossible to complete the game withought using stealth (this is a good point because this is what all stealth games should be like)-Achievements at the end of chapter reward you, so you don't just do them for no reasonBad Points:-You can rip earings off a woman's ear withought her noticing or showing any sort of reaction (not really bad, but inlogical)"
,Not Recommended,239160,9396044,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dean-Barlow,"What a disappointment, could have been so much more. Where games like; The Last of us, Uncharted and Tomb Raider succeed this fails as a very linear game. It may be my expectations because of the the advancememnt in games where everything is becoming ""open world"" but Thief overall is a poor game from a great series."
76561198015406044,Recommended,239160,9398501,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Sc0rch,"Another plate of Nostalgia served nicely by Square Enix, Thief was a very enjoyable game to play. One of the really nice aspects of the game is that it does not empower the player as much as Dishonored does so being stealthy is almost a necessity making close combat almost suicidal if you are detected by more than two enemies (of course you can eventualy upgrade some abilities and purchase some gear improvements to make such encounters a little bit easier but still your best bet is to remain undetected.If you liked the old Thief Series or Dishonored this game is a must."
76561198048640488,Not Recommended,239160,9384013,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Hylian Assassin,"Fail. I really wish that I had done more research on this game. I kind of had a bad feeling from the start when I saw the ""Squar-Enix"" logo flash across the screen. But I keep on going thinking I'll give this game a chance, it has some Okay reviews. That being said this game has a required taste. If you like games where you ""have to"" check every thing (drawers, dressers, desk, cabinets, baskets, vents) looking for small trinkets, then you'll love this game. Granted I only completed CH 1, but I'll get to that in a minute, there is very little stealth (I was on most difficult setting) and the objectives seem pointless.-possible spoiler-For example, in the opening scene Garrett makes a big deal out of NOT killing guards. Yet one of the first task is to ""head shot 4 threats"". Kind of contradicts the story a little there. Especially since slipping past them is easy enough.-end of possible spoiler-I was thinking the stealth would be more like Splinter Cell or Batman, even the later Assassin Creed games has better steath missions than this game. That level of steath challenge is hard to do from a first person point of view though.All that being said I probably would still be playing this game right now if it wasn't so hard on my computer. I have games on my computer that have been released in the recent years and they all play fine, NOT this one though. Even on the lowest graphics settings ""Thief"" gives my computer a hard time. It also has the worst English Dub that I've ever seen (seriously hope that is just because of graphics limitations, even though cut scenes are usually independant of that).Here are my computer stats by the way:Graphics -  AMD Radeon HD 7700 SeriesProcessor - AMD Athlon(tm) II x4 640 3.00 GHzRAM         - 4GB"
76561198015900334,Recommended,239160,9357929,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,WaffenWorldTour,"I was skeptic if they would do this right...and I was wrong.  This game is amazing!!!!  You can get lost in this game for hours!!  I was a huge fan of the original series of this game.  They did not disappoint.  Environments are awesome, weapons are great, in game music stellar, all other audio is terrffic. Garrett is a smooth, dark, gothy, character as ever!  Story line is great, not ""corny"" like the Assassin Creed titles are to me. I will be buying any & all available DLC for this game.  The brothel level is great, very adult but good stuff, I had no gilthces, like I read there was.  The metascore for this game does it no justice!As with anything though...nothing is perfect.  I'd like to see recoverable arrows from bodies, more loot to find, more maps, & missions hopefully to come, a lil more interactive/destructible environment would be nice."
76561198022018964,Recommended,239160,9384581,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Stylistic Sagittarius [NL],Why NOT to buy...Sadly this game is the first mess up in the thief series...I guess the stream of console like games is destroying everthing.You do not get the real thief experience like the other games. Freedom is very very limited the game is made so that you actually have to play the game exactly the way THEY wanted it to. A game that has to give many options is turned into a platform levelcrawler... poor show and a waste of my cash.
,Recommended,239160,9384616,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Vesuvitor,"Thief has one of the most in-depth singleplayer experiences I've ever stumbled upon. The overall story may not be that cohesive and ofcourse this game has its flaws like every videogame, but the game mechanics are just mind blowing.The overall focus really lies in being at least a bit stealthy, whether you like it or not. Garrett, born in darkness, forged by it, created by it.. really makes for a great protagonist. The game contains great dialog along with some unexpected humorous twists which really add up to the ante. You can also collect a vast collection of unique collectibles each with their own background story.Some things bugged me though, for example, the dialog (while being great) tends to repeat when you're staying in a certain area breaking the immersion of the game.But overall, I'd say this game is a must buy!"
,Not Recommended,239160,9385571,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Roumi,just played it crashed twice
,Not Recommended,239160,9387244,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,why not,boring and waste of money. not even close to origial series
76561197987781648,Not Recommended,239160,9387706,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,caligjl,"If you've played the original Thief games in the early aughts, this title will not match up. This is more of a Thief-themed mod to Dishonored, containing levels and features that would have been anathema in the old games, including some ""action"" sequences that seem pulled directly out of a Michael Bay movie, and even a @&*# boss fight!If you look at the game on its own terms, it's okay (Dishonored is still a much better game), but chosing to make this part of the Thief franchise, Eidos brought the unfavorable comparisons upon themselves."
76561197968533668,Recommended,239160,9389148,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TaskUK,"I guess the diehard Thief fans won't enjoy it as much as the oldschool romps, however a solid reboot with a nice atmospheric graphics engine. Thumbs up 8-)"
76561198058029979,Recommended,239160,9389561,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,snowboardude,"If you liked the manhunt series, this game may be for you. If you like sneaking around undetected, this game may be for you. Its really fun, especially if you like to solve little puzzles or make your way using a map. I hope a lot of people buy this game so there will be a lot of DLC.. I love it."
76561197994424142,Not Recommended,239160,9389569,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Skialdi,"Overall I was dissapointed by the game because of the second act.  It started strong and was fun, but then the story kinda crapped out and the last boss did not make sense as to what happened.  The upgrades also ended up being game breaking.  I was able to effortlessly take out groups of 10 enemies.  I felt no challenge in the game and I did not play it on a low difficulty."
76561198008343646,Recommended,239160,9309581,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sterling Archer,wow.. this game is fun. reminds me of old school thief but with way better graphics.  the atmosphere of the game is amazing.
,Recommended,239160,9391140,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,KiloNelson,I hate to have to agree with the majority of the critics but this game is such a letdown.  Absolutely braindead enemy AI combined with poor Audio mixing and a storyline that ranges from bizarre to simply confused about it's roots.  Do I love vaulting over various rooftops in a somewhat open world doing sidequests? Heck yes.  But it isn't enough to make me forget the previous games and how awesome you felt finishing a difficult heist.  If you liked the other games wait until it goes on sale for 75% off because you won't have to wait long.
,Recommended,239160,9391655,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Haydn,"I pre-ordered this game because I liked what I saw, plus this game is by the same guys that made Deus Ex Human Revolution which is one of the best games of last gen in my opinion, but anyway onto the review!I thoroughly enjoyed this game, and to be honest I did read the reviews and I respectfully have to say most of them were expecting something different, this is not Assassins Creed, this is not Dishonered, This is Thief, its a pure Stealth game and it is encouraged to avoid combat at all costs, there is ways to make combat a viable option if you use sawtooth arrows and make sure to do it quickly, because as soon as you kill someone you are guarenteed to alert an entire mob, which will ultimately lead to your death if your not fast enough to deal with the situation, Me personally I preffered using a stealthy approach and only killing when I thought it was absolutely necessary, some people didnt need to kill at all and beat the game on master and other custom settings, im afraid I only played on Thief difficulty which is basically Normal difficulty.The stealth mechanics are fantastic, you use the lighting to your advantage and even shadows and actual civilians, for example I had to get past a decent amount of guards and I managed to sneak past them by hiding behind a woman that was patrolling the same area as well.The game does a good job of delivering a great atmosphere, that is Dark, depressing but also quite awesome in the fact that the music always fits the situations and the different sounds you hear in the music tracks and the in-game sounds help to create a dark and mysterious city to explore. Speaking of exploration I found that extremely fun, moving around the city and finding secret areas was always incredibly rewarding, as there was always different things in the houses to mix it up. such as using a bow to open a window by hitting a button inside the house from the outside, dealing with traps that had been set up to ward you away from the games loot, and sometimes even patrolling guards would be hanging about in these areas to make it a little bit extra challenging to get to the Safe in the house or a special painting.The games story however is my problem with the game, there just isnt enough dialogue in the game so it feels like a lot of things are just left unexplained and it did take away a little bit from the overall experience, by the 2nd half of the story things do pick up but its still not enough, there should have been more dialogue in the game, rather than having to work certain things out ourselves, so that the game tells a more engaging story sadly this game doesnt have it.Overall I would rate this game an 8/10 I loved most of what I played and the only real drawback for me was the story, This is not a perfect game by any imagination but for me it delivered Great Graphics and Controls and some really neat gameplay in a world where gaming is pretty much on its backside in terms of finding games that really seperate themselves from the pack, This game however does that with its unique setting and fantastic Stealth mechanics."
76561198052379074,Recommended,239160,9391685,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,spam*******34,Same feel as the originals
,Not Recommended,239160,9391840,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,tkkrs,"A terrible Dishonored rip-off.The game is still glitchy, some of which have made objectives impossible unless you restart the game. AI's can't seem to decide whether they can see in the dark or not. The voice acting is terrible, and at some points you hear random NPC voice chatter in cut-scenes where main characters are talking. Normally that wouldn't be so bad, but when the NPCs are talking louder, it gets a bit silly.Navigation is poor. The game seems to take pride in that it is 'open' and the player can choose where to go. This is not true. You can only jump where the game says you can jump. Alternate pathways are unusable unless you find a particular 'tool' to use them. There is no flow, and every time it seems you've got some flow you come to a grinding halt as the wall you are spamming space at is not 'climbable'. Ridiculous really for a thief whose hideout is at the top of a massive clock tower.The first game in a long time that I have regretted buying.Save yourself 20GB, and more importantly £30.00 and go buy Dishonored. It's 20x more fun, half the price, and has an amazing plot with great characters all to boot with unique game mechanics."
76561198024456861,Recommended,239160,9320158,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Beezox,"prefer dishonored but its a very good stalth game, i miss the oppertunity to be able to fall from ledges. I dont like invisible walls."
76561198111745836,Recommended,239160,9320821,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,protoss95,"I love this game.  Some say its alot like dishonored and i have to disagree, I hated that one but I did play the thief games from back in the 90's.  If you liked those ones, then you'll love this one.  the game thief is exactly as it sounds.  Exploring is high benifical and you can do almost anything that you want!"
76561198003470342,Recommended,239160,9321784,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Morhem,"This is a negative review with a positive vote.Graphics on this thing is absolutely awesome. Gameplay.. I'm not yet sure, but its at least allright.And its negative review becouse.. my computer is 3 years old, and to this point, it handled ANY game at maximum or around maximum settings... up to this point)  System requirements are STELLAR.With all honesty... I cant say its becouse game is poorly optimized. Its graphics is just THAT awesome.I guess Ill be playing it someday, on a new computer =)"
,Recommended,239160,9322989,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Fianna,"As a fan of the originals I was super excited since this game got announced. I had it pre ordered and was eagrly awaiting it's release. Then the bad reviews started coming in, I was instantly discouraged and questioned my pre-order. I decided to keep it and see for myself after all I had waited so long for it.I'm so glad I did, it's even better than I originally anticipated. I really don't understand the negative reviews at all. The game looks fantastic, the gameplay is incredible. At half way through the game I can say that so far the story is engrossing.If your expecting something like AC or Dishonored then this game is nothing like those. It's finally a game that stealth is key without being too punishing, but it's also not a game that rewards the 'brute force' 'lets barge through the front door' approach either. The game will never let you look at a candle in any other game the same way! It's truely remarkable, give it a shot for yourself and be the one to judge for yourself."
,Recommended,239160,9323786,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,AirWreck,"Don't be fooled by the mediocre reception. Critics have forgotten the theme behind the original thief games. If you were a fan then, you'll be a fan again. The backdrop, character and mechanics of the game make it a fun and worthwhile experience.There are some drawbacks, the audio needs a bit of work and the loading screens can get in the way. But if you can overlook these small setbacks, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198030610037,Not Recommended,239160,9323963,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Stranger,"Ugly mechanics of stealing process -Tons of spoons and knives for stealing... Press ""E"" to do it again and again and againUgly mechanics of lock hackingJust boring"
,Recommended,239160,9324008,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,RacingWithBrad,good game alot of creeping about in some scenes abit like assasins creed
,Not Recommended,239160,9324576,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Deadbot1,"who boy...I can play Skyrim on high settings no problem...this game is getting 7-8 fps at extra low settings!!!! MY LORDS!!!! Come on Eidos, can't we do a bit of optimization here?I love the gameplay so far, but having characters still talking a minute after the audio is finishied is game breaking. I was expecting so much more from a game that is following in the footsteps of such a great franchise. As this stands I cannot recommend this game to my friends."
,Not Recommended,239160,9324628,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,filthy io picker,It feels like a bad remake of Dishonored.  Do not want.
,Recommended,239160,9324745,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,TeKKeNm2000,"I really have enjoyed all the Thief games, I have them all. Something better about this than 1st person shooter. trying to be a sneaky as one can to avoid being caught. keeping from having to kill anything unless needed.  love the birds and dogs alarms.. I get into more trouble with those things than alearting the guards. Awesome game, a must try!"
,Recommended,239160,9324869,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Trade Marked ™,I have been a big fan of the series and i quite enoyed this game i recomend this to anyone who likes stealth games :D
,Recommended,239160,9325035,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,MonkeySphere,"Solid Thief title. Overall extremely fun and enjoyable for those who like stealth games. Played game with the expensive rescources (not recommended because of boss fight at end of game), no focus, and no targeting reticle.Cons:-Sound is occasionally messed up. Sometimes it would seem that you were making a lot of noise but really weren't. Sometimes the oppisite would happen. Not enough to mess up the game but is noticiable.-Boss fight towards the end was crap. Having a boss fight that you pretty much have to do in order to win messes up people who are playing a particular style. They did have a sneak away option but good luck pulling that one off. Save up all your high damage arrows for the end or make sure you purchase a bunch before Chapter 7 to get through.-Story was definitely the weakest of the Thief titles but overall not terrible.-Could have actually done without the city hub zones. I would have actually rather had a smaller hub and just gone mission to mission. City zones came rather monotonous to go through later in the game when you just wanted to get from point A to point B. Note to game designers - not everything needs to have a ""sandbox"" open world. Could have really used a fast travel system at least.Pros:-Excellent environment. Very moody and nice looking.-Options menu for custom games is the best I have seen. Really gave players the freedom to set their own play style and difficulty.-Lots of really tense moments that were basically created by playstyle. Going through without trying to alert or hurt any guards there were plenty of tense moments.-Decent upgrades to work towards without anything being game breakingly powerful.-Figuring out how to steal stuff was fun.-Longer than I excepted it would be.-The basics of stealth and stealing felt like a thief game to me. I was always concerned with enemies finding me.-The Forsaken was an excellent level that reminded me a lot of Shalebridge Craddle from Thief 3. Excellent horror level that really kept the tension high."
76561198037796817,Not Recommended,239160,9325149,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Singletree,"I really wanted to like this game.  It definitely has potential, but is half-baked in a lot of ways.  In addition to game breaking bugs, it also has game breaking design.  Like forced action sequences (rooftop dog chase wtf?) that are nearly impossible to complete with certain options enabled (slow-movement).    Anyway, I made it through Chapter 5,  and can't go any further.  Literally.  The game will simply not adavance to the next mission.  It keeps jumping back to the start of the mission I just completed.  I even tried backing up and finishing it again, with zero luck.  It's just plain broken.  Yeah they might fix it in the next patch.  Who cares?  It's not good enough for me to invest any more time with the chance of addtional game breakers lurking up ahead.  I have liked Square Enix in the past, but they blew it big time with this one."
,Not Recommended,239160,9324956,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Beardium,not so much
,Recommended,239160,9325810,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Steel Shadow,"This game is amazing. If you're a fan of the series, then like me you've probably been worrying. New studio, new continuity, new Garrett's voice... Would it be true to the thief spirit, or would it be a shoddy knockoff?Thief spirit all the way. This game understands what makes the series great, and improves on it. You can loot your way across the city as you please, deal with guards as you see fit, and loot every valuable that you can get your mitts on. There's multiple routes to get to your goal, and each level is liberally sprinkled with secrets and other goodies to keep you entertained. And of course, there's no shortage of NPC dialogue to listen in on.I've heard some people don't like Garrett's new voice. Honestly, it's... fine. Not amazing, certainly not the old voice (but who could ever compare to that?) but it does the job. The script is top notch, and always entertaining.There are some bugs running around (I've run into an invisible table, and the dialogue is always out of sync in my cutscenes) but it's pretty minor stuff and I expect it'll be patched sooner or later. I've not run into anything game breaking.So what are you waiting for? Get thiefing already."
76561197972884778,Recommended,239160,9326178,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Laggnog(Chubbybob),Not the same as the old games in voice acting or darkness aspects. Those are my only complaints. The design of the interactions is pretty solidly fun. Worthwile game overall.
76561198007024828,Recommended,239160,9296651,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Darksider,I had some problems with the game. The controller didn't work and I would crash. Twice it crashed the computer and I had to reboot and start in safe mode. I had some programs (alright 2 programs) that caused issues with the game even played on the lowest setting.Now able to play the game and I am quite please with it so far. The feeling is like the original with splendid graphics now that I can play it on the high setting. I am a thief fan. I love the series and I enjoy the open world experience of the city between missions and the side mission of the Talyor.
,Recommended,239160,9356680,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Macciavelo,"While this isn't a good ""Thief game"", it certainly is a good game.Let me explain why:First, the bad parts of the game:1.) The story is generic and forgetable. You never get any twists, any surprises, characters are way too generic, and voice acting is pretty bad.2.) The sound levels are all over the place. Sometimes they arre high, sometimes you can barely hear conversations. Sometimes you hear a guard that sounds like he is just next to you, but in reality he is pretty far away from you.3.) Sometimes the maps aren't as open as previous thief games.4.) There's barely any incentives for exploration. While in previous thief games you had to find your own way around to complete any objectives, in this there are waypoints. Sure, you can disable them. But you get no clues as to where to go or where the objectives are at.5.) There are boss fights. In a thief game. /facepalm6.) The ""scary"" level is just a rehash from a previous thief game and it had a lot more to live up to. It was average.7.) There's no freeform mantling or use of rope arrows.Now for the good parts of the game:1.) The level design is good. You get multiple solutions to sneaking past some guards.2.) There's the city hub. It's huge.3.) The graphics in this game are great. If you have tesselation enabled, the road looks beautiful with it instead of flat.4.) Sidequests are pretty good.5.) Overall, the gameplay is fun. Completed it on master difficulty first time around, and I had a blast."
76561197974179122,Recommended,239160,9357128,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,camille_nurka,"OK, I really don't understand the negative-lukewarm reviews of the new Thief. I'm a die-hard Thief fan, and I've been eagerly awaiting the Thief reboot for ages: this is possibly my favourite game franchise ever. That doesn't make me an impartial reviewer, but I think Square Enix has successfully retained the feel of the original Thief games, an important element of which is the variety of arrows at Garrett's disposal (using water arrows to create darkness through which Garrett can slip unseen, for example, is still a brilliant gameplay strategy), as well as Garrett's dry vocal intonation. I'm not that far in, but thus far I am very much enjoying the exploration, pickpocketing and blackjacking that made the original so captivating. As far as the comparisons to Dishonored go, I feel like perhaps I am the only gamer on the planet who thought Dishonored brought dishonor to the original Thief games it referenced. I felt profoundly disappointed by Dishonored. It felt too easy, it was unchallenging, the exploration elements were made boring by the Blink ability, and the ending was a letdown (as was the silly revenge narrative). I still think the Thief franchise - including the new one - is a better game. But perhaps I need to play it a little more first to see if my interest in the game is sustained. Nevertheless, when the reviewer for IGN complained that the arrows were 'extremely limited in where they can be used - particularly the fire, water, and rope arrows that only work on very specific objects like open-flame lights and leaking oil barrels', I did think that they missed the point. Just like in the original games, the ingenuity lies in precisely this use of the right object with the right target. At this point, I'm ignoring the haters and making up my own mind - and so far, I'm very much engrossed in the exploration and treasure-hunting, and I'm impressed with the way the game has stayed true to the originals that I loved so much."
,Recommended,239160,9357161,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,_Ceefax_,"Long term fans of the franchise, average joe gamers & subscribers to more recent interpretations of the stealth genre have collaboratively produced a mixed bag of responses to this latest reboot of the Thief franchise. To add my own views to this melting pot so far, after the first 2 chapters of the game, I find it to be quite gripping & immersive, & desire to play more.My entry into the prologue section was jarring to me as a gamer, stood next to a sleeping drunk on a day of festivity in the city; the subtle but inviting glow of various loot items kicked off my looting instincts immediately. I can't imagine whether previous thief fans will have been struck with nostalgia but I as a newcomer was hit with a wave of intrigue. What holiday is this? Who is this drunk man & why am I here? Things begin to assemble as I meet fellow Thief Erin, where I find out that we are both working together on a heist; there she is, sprinting from roof to roof, & there I am awkwardly sneaking from point A to point B with the occasional nugget of tutorial info.Erin's character as a hot-tempered & perhaps over-confident prodigal thief begins to come together, while Garrett's responses indicate a more careful & honed Thief, which synergises well with, & mitigates the potential loss of immersion due to, the incremental introduction of Garrett's various methods through tutorial; the argumentative chemistry between the two thieves was a bloody brilliant way of contrasting their methods & thus the methods that will apply throughout the game. Rather than the game itself instructing you on the right play style in black & white, you have two human beings, both competent thieves, arguing at intervals. The fact that you are one & not the other, however, gives an effective indication of the right way to play. And the other reason? I won't spoil it for you.And in the process, I came to relate to Garrett as a calculated character who thinks twice before he knocks someone out, in contrast to Erin. I thus not only learnt how to play Garret, but also effectively became him.And from there on, my mind was the thing I depended on the most, whether I chose to conceal myself in a metal closet, climb to a higher altitude or straight up knock a character out. Knocking a guard out is an acceptable option, but is made out to be something of a big deal as is appropriate to Garrett's character as showcased in the prologue. Again, the game nudging you towards being Garrett.Erin, appearing to have been killed in a ritual with an arcane book & ring, also appears in Garrett's visions once in a while. The second time, Garrett straight up passes out. I'm not joking.This leaves me wondering so far whether Garrett is being overcome by remorse, or whether... Erin is not entirely dead? Whether the ritual had some very peculiar side effects indeed?The gameplay, like many stealth games, requires patience & intuition. Thus not only are moments where you feel ultra sneaky while looting to your heart's content, but there are also moments of frustration & challenge enough to really stretch & strain you, culminating in one of two magnitudes of payoff once you find a solution.The first is that you just snuck past/outwitted a bunch of guards & feel gratified thus, whereas the second larger payoff is another answer to one of the burning questions you may have. Such questions may include:Is Erin dead? What did that ritual actually do? What purpose will these artefacts serve?The most fulfilling way to find my answers is to see for myself... to keep playing.In summary, Thief has proven to be as divisive as marmite running for presidency of the United States. If Marmite were clever enough to use character development as a creative way to nudge you towards how the game wants to be played, that is.Just be wary that it might not be your thing, but otherwise, you should by all means jump straight off that fence singing, strap fireworks to said fence & douse it in kerosone followed by igniting the pile & watching it go up in a bang.I don't feel this reboot into the current gen could've or should've been done any other way, but the originals deserve a look.(Be wary of bugs though. Chapter 2 used to crash until I tried playing in windowed mode)."
76561198105504363,Recommended,239160,9367093,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Arcana,"Very good game excellent graphics,good story fun to play through. But can be quite laggy at times and is a little buggy."
76561198115816073,Recommended,239160,9367605,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,3D | Makhel,this's Good games
,Recommended,239160,9367791,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Xenomorph113,"So far i am thoroughly enjoying this game, I've read a few reviews on sites that tore it a new one based on the ""sub par graphics"". it is an unreal 3 engine (UE3) game so its an old engine (debuted in I believe 2004), however, it is one of the nicest looking games on that engine I've seen. Lighting, shadows, fire, tessilation all look good, the texture quality isnt anything amazing, but it's on par, if not a little better than your standard UE3 game.there are a few game play mechanics at random times that seem to pull you away, occasionally you will have to climb a wall, assassin's creed style, and at another point there is a scripted sequence where if you dont perform it perfectly you are killed instantly, felt a little COD (i imagine someone higher in rank forced the more ""cinimatic sequence""). thankfully these do not happen very often during gameplay.sneaking around and picking locks/pockets has never been more fun. there is a seriously adjustable difficulty, you can basically tune your perfect game (if you dont like the new focus ability, turn it off, dont like focus point upgrades, turn em off). the story is good, its your standard fair of corruption/revolution and the dark arts. the city is full of places to explore and things to steal, and the city acts as a hub for various missions/acts. the tools are a little different from previous thief games, there is no longer a dagger/sword, however your blackjack is much more powerful and can perform ""takes downs"" if the enemy is weakened (also if you are not detected, sneak attack style).if youre a fan of the original thief games, or sneaky games, or play games like skyrim as a stealth/assassin/marksmen this could be a great addition to your game library"
76561198020897558,Not Recommended,239160,9368450,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,xecutioner_7,way worse than I expetced but I finished the game. not worth it`s price though. The story is too short and combat is repeatitive
,Recommended,239160,9368901,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Micninja,"I want to start this off with a note for fellow Dark Project series fans; Come into this game with a clean slate. While there are throw outs to the Pagans, Hammerites, Keepers, and many of the characters are re-imaginings of classic characters such as Erin taking the place of a Viktoria like character. Think of this like the Burial at Sea equivalent of the Thief universe they have a lot of constants and variables. As I said, old school Thief fans approach this with a clean slate and an open mind if you do intend to pick up this title. As for the story I have found this to be a very dividing topic, for myself the story flowed in an odd sort of manner but with character development within Garrett and the world around him. Some of my friends on the other hand found the story to be confusing and uninteresting. On my end I will say that the story feels much more fleshed out if you supplement it with bits and pieces of the story found in the documents scattered around the game. The graphics and the setting play into this as well with the grays and black color pallet acting as a tone setter for the story. This time around the story is a lot more serious gone is the dialogue of Guards teasing one another about the insatiable appetites of their charges, instead replaced with talks about coffee, the Gloom, or how bad the world is around them. Gameplay is dumped down a bit from previous installments but, for those seeking a challenge that harkens to the original I would suggest touching only the custom difficulty setting as it will give you a lot more of the difficulty that you seek. The other gripe I have about the gameplay is that you can't mark places, homes, businesses, and the like with something to say that you have been inside and cleared it out or that you have been in the building but need a different tool for the job and want to come back. This paired with the confusing map accessible from the menu can make traveling The City a bit of a job in of itself.All that being said as a fan of the originals I like this for what it is. I like that the devs at Eidos, which I hope the best for those hit by the lay off stick, did not attempt to follow up the story of Keeper Garrett and his charge, while an interesting story it would have been I feel it was better to instead try their hand at making a new Thief title with a brand new slate save for some of the characters. While Stephen Russell is not playing the part of Garrett I feel the new voice actor they have fits with the rebooted formula. This is only my opinion so take it as you will. I feel the best way for you the reader to come up with your own opinion is to play the game yourself, I enjoyed the forty some hours I have sunk into this game and hope that it does not go the way of Deus Ex HR and fall into obscurity with it's DLC. I really enjoyed the side missions and would willing buy DLC that included more of them, but would be turned off from it if it was just DLC that added more challenge maps instead.This is a good game, flawed in some ways but overall good."
,Not Recommended,239160,9370650,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Avvri,"Can't make it past the damned prologue without it crashing because of video issues. I'm sure it's a good game, but you better have a damned good computer if you plan to play it."
76561197971341781,Recommended,239160,9371666,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TwoByFour,"These days if your going to make a stealth game it's got to have alot of killing people, Thief is a stealth game where that is not really the objective, this is a stealth game where you steal♥♥♥♥♥♥ For that alone it gets a few points, but that doesnt make it a good game. The major issue with this game is where they ""modernised"" it, glowing objective markers, incandescent loot, glowing ""climb here"" environments, convenient overabundant stealth resets and an ""I'm a retard"" focus. What this does is water down what could have been a good game by taking most of the challange out.There is one fantastic features they give you is the option to turn them off, if you want to get any enjoymnt out of the game do this or you will hate yourself and the game.Another amazing feature is puzzles, some of them take longer than a minute to solve, but they exist and  not all of them are dumb♥♥♥♥ obvious. One of the first AAA titles to feature theis new type of innovative gameplay. One of the archaic features of past gaming is reading the♥♥♥♥♥♥you pick up to give you clues about solving puzzles or how to finish a mission. Now some may think this should have stayed as a past relic, but i feel it adds to the immersion of the game far too much for it to be thrown out.Thats the biggest problem with Thief, it took some good things from old game design and brough them back, showing that they can work. The biggest let down is the fact that they didnt bother thinking about how the new type of gamedesign would affect the overall game, thus making most of the new features somewhat out of place.That being said, the story is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and the voice dialogues are annoying, repetative and bland.This game is for anyone that can't rember or didnt play any of the original series who, when saw the title of the game tought ""oh i'd like to steal lots of pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥like gold pens and hip flasks, while hiding from people, not becasue i cant knock them out easily or fight them all 5v1 but for the thrill of stealing♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.I only recomdend you get this game if its heavily discounted, like £10, else just go play the original series."
76561198012448034,Recommended,239160,9372814,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,skraftgis,Game is excellent!  Played 30 hours and enjoying it all.  Graphics are great.  I haven't had any of the issues that other people have menionted.  Not sure why.  I just made it to Erins hideout.  Thats how far I am in the game.  So not very far.  I tend to play very slow and soak it all up.  I had one game started but deleted it and started over.  Reason is because I started playing and my kids saw it and I figured they could watch from the beginning.
76561198019679522,Recommended,239160,9373475,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[PSA] MasamiEIri,"Amazing game if you love the old thief games this next gen Thief does not disappoint, i would like a better map system but other than that its a great game. especially if you love stealth games"
,Recommended,239160,9375101,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Skyfaller 13,"Superb environments. Deep, luscious shadows, visceral scapes, and good first-person kinematics make for an immersive experience, but inconsistent navigability of obstructions regularly spoils the illusion of freedom of movement. Side-missions bring some variety and incentive to explore spaces, but often feel more like busy-work to prop up performance stats than anything else.The main story appears to be worth following (I have not completed it at the time of this writing), if you can tolerate the Master Thief's turn to witless cynicism and the pervasive vilification of industry. Thief is an impressive specimen of technical excellence, but it remains to be seen if its sense of life is rotten at the core."
76561198108329103,Recommended,239160,9375206,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,cmaldonado7,"Great game. This is super stealth and requires patience to complete. The story was missing a few things but perhaps the makers are planning on making a sequel and will fill in the gaps then. The overall design of the game is great, movement is smooth and AI is pretty great and realistic. As a thief fan I had high expectations and although it wasn't perfect it hit the mark. Don't listen to the game reviewers, they are scoring it way too low! 8/10 for me"
76561198118906980,Not Recommended,239160,9375740,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,myke,Awful.  All the effort has gone into the graphics.  The gameplay is appalling.  A complete waste of time.
76561198090260502,Recommended,239160,9375989,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Burnsy Mccann,meh
76561198087700588,Recommended,239160,9376454,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Pop Farts,Exactly what I wanted to see from Thief.  Excellent
76561197970366527,Recommended,239160,9377431,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Tarka,"Just finished the story and all side quests on normal mode.  Total time:  34 hours.Verdict:  Good game, enjoyable and worthy of being part of the Thief series.  However, it has some tiny annoying quirks:1) Though later in the game there are a few ways to enter a zone in the city, nevertheless the city landscape can feel very confusing and somewhat a little bit ""gated"".  It's a shame that Eidos didn't create the city as one big ""open world"" type landscape such as that found in Assassin's Creed.2)  Whoever thought of getting the player to hammer the E key to open a window, needs slapping.  Eidos need to patch that out.3) Unlike the previous games, you can't fire your rope arrows into ANY wood you find, only designated outriggers that are designed to stand out from the rest.  Therefore, limiting the ways in which the player can decide to escape being caught.3)  The story line is quite bad and the flow of the story feels disjointed in places.  The ending was downright confusing.4)  The npc audio is downright buggy.  They need to sort out the bugs asap.  Npc's frequently repeat the same lines over and over ad-nauseum, and sometimes over the top of those who are scripted to respond.  Plus the lip-sync on the cutscenes is awful.  All of which erodes the immersive factor of the game.5)  The game tries to take itself a little too seriously.  Unlike the previous games, the npc dialogue and Garrett's inner monologue are stone cold.   The humour that was in the previous games which gave them a bit of unique charm is gone.  Gone are the pseudo swear words such as  ""Taffer"".  And instead the npc's blurt out ""real world"" swear words, making it feel very tacky.With the above said though, I did enjoy the game.Would I recommend it to those who like ""stealth"" games such as the Thief series and perhaps Assassins Creed?  Yes.Would I like to see a sequel to this Thief game which adds more depth to the entire world and perhaps pulls back in some of the ""charm"" of the previous games?   Hell yes!"
76561198122710916,Recommended,239160,9377608,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Nikolaiandco,"I am addicted XD The atmosphere of the game is spectacular! The gameplay is very immersive and will STEAL hours from you! the three ways to take on missions: Predator, Opportunist, and Ghost are very well sorted, but the Predator isn't something I would like to do very often. I would rather do the old fashioned Burgling, and not kill anyone who got in my way. I'm not a veteran to the series, but I feel that this game is good enough for both vets and newcomers alike."
,Recommended,239160,9377851,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Fubzor,Awesome enviorment and graphics. Just as the earlier thief games it makes sure your pulse stay high while trying not to get caught! Many hours of fun guaranteed!
,Recommended,239160,9378208,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Quinn,"This game will test your patients to new limites and it pushes stealth gameplay to a new high, if you have played splinter cell or an other game like that you will love this as its better."
76561198032320985,Not Recommended,239160,9378646,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,GreyGeist,"Compared to the previous installments in this series, this felt like a game of ""what button does Eidos Montreal want me to push now?"" It did have stealth, pickpocketing, etc., but half your actions are tied to a single button that's context sensitive which frequently leads to jumping over a fences when you meant to dash through the shadows, for example. I can't tell you how many times I've hopped a railing without meaning to."
76561197960503318,Not Recommended,239160,9378793,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,final_solution,"Terrible, can't jump no sense of freedom, storyline is boring, can't kill people. Since the last thief there is a game called dishonored, thief is different but they are both stealth game, dishonored is way better than this it's just a bad game."
76561198062856452,Recommended,239160,9382457,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,OpenMik2,Perfect for all those kleptomaniacs out there
76561198003381371,Recommended,239160,9285019,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Rubberducky,"I typically do not write reviews, but due to the ardent trolling going on by people bent on defaming this game as a dishonored knockoff really need to know their facts. I have played all the thief games since I was in my teens. I have had a really good experiece with this addition. Eidos and Square Enix really tried to tie the game to it's predecessors, and give it some new blood. For those who keep insisting that it is a  product of Dishonored you are way off the mark, in all reality Dishonored is a product of the original Thief that revolutionized stealth gameplay in the 90's! So please give this franchise the credit it deserves. Don't believe me, download them off of Steam, and tell me that Dishonored wasn't inspired by them..."
76561197996566484,Recommended,239160,9286052,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ben Snow,Much funSo StealthSuch puzzleWhat characterVery bootyMany environmentwow.
76561198016646726,Recommended,239160,9286279,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,VexAC,a game worth picking up and playing!. it is easy to learn and rewarding all the way. hope you get and enjoy it. suport these game makers.  smooth running.
,Recommended,239160,9286285,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Wolf_Hunter,"Honestly this game is alot more fun then i thought when I pre ordered it, it works great on my PC especially with the beta 14.2 driver for AMD, and the intigration of AMD GAMING EVOLVED. this is my first Thief game I am playing so I cannot compair it to the others, but for me the voice acting is good, and the story line is good so far. It is alittle anoying that there are loading screens when you go through a closed window, and slide between objects to get to the other districs but other than that it is awsome."
76561198123131020,Recommended,239160,9286448,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,youngnudle,"Just finished Chapter 1....but man, i havent had this much fun in ages. If y'all remember 'Thief 3' then ur in for a dam fine surprise. Garet is 10x faster and agile, whilst brandishing some new moves and abilities. Haven't unlocked most, due to being at the beginning, but i can say this; This game so far was worth my money and i cant wait for the rest of the game! (Y) Sure, requires some good PC power to RUN. Otherwise well Tweeked i believe. With the following updates and all, by the end of this month, i have Faith that Thief will take over Pc's for a good while. (Y)"
,Recommended,239160,9286449,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,proff IT,Awesome. IPlayaed the firs 3 and i rank this better than thief 3.Its awesome and i knew those deus ex creators could do it.
76561198035903605,Recommended,239160,9286436,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Weeb Trash,steal cups and go yolo sawggins
76561198033051830,Recommended,239160,9286677,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Beast,If you liked Dishonored you'll love Theif espically with being a next gen game.
,Recommended,239160,9286681,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Shadeux,"Graphics of this game are decent, Fluidity is smooth, and gaming fundamentals are sound. Although their are a few noticable things this game lacks that noticable tarnish its reputation. All in all this is a game that should be valued at 20-30 US dollars. I would rate this game a 6.5/10"
76561198051869089,Recommended,239160,9286777,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,NMSIS [GB],just buy it.10/10
,Recommended,239160,9286778,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Toxic Rick,"The reviews are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The games amazing. Dont expect assassins creed, expect a great stealth game."
,Recommended,239160,9287181,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,mG| Clippy,"Bit Dull, But I l0000000000000000000000000ve it"
,Recommended,239160,9287210,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TeaBaron,"Alright so I've never played any of the thief games before, so my opinion may not be helpful for you hardcore Thief fans out there. However I must say that this game is excellent. If I could sum up the experience of playing Garrett in one word it'd be ATMOSPHERE. This game has outstanding atmosphere accompanied by sound design and gameplay elements, I've not been so immeresed in a stealth game in years!Thief is a balls to the wall steath game. Sure you could go in and try to kill/knockout everyone but that's not a challenge, and the game will let you know that. You're not rewarded for being a baddass night assasin; instead you're a ghost sneaking in and out without having to knock out guards or kill them truely leaving no trace of your having been there save for empty pockets and missing trinkets. Difficulty is extremely customizable, for example let's say you don't want to have access to a map, or maybe no ammo counters, or how about no visability meters, scratch that no hud at all, thief let's you do all that and more with extensive GUI/HUD options and difficulty options.Optimization wise this game runs like butter, I by no means have a high end righ my graphics card is a GTX 650ti Boost SSC by evga, and I play on ultra maintaining around 30-45 fps. All settings can be changed outside of the game in the launcher and can be changed in realtime in game without having to restart the the game, Seperate audio sliders, Benchmarking tool you name it and this game pretty much has. My only real performance problem has to be with the cut scenes for some odd reasons the in engine renders are at a much lower fps than the actual game runs at. This is apperently a well known issue and is being addressed so hopefully we'll see a patch to reslove this issue.In closing: Thief Looks great and plays tight, with outstanding atmosphere and immersive diaglogues and collectables be warned you will loose hours stalking the money lined pockets of watchmen and hunting down every last bit of loot available."
76561198082706194,Recommended,239160,9287504,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Facade,Awesome Game!!!
,Recommended,239160,9289019,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,[Fulgor],Good
76561198055961255,Recommended,239160,9290428,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ryan,Such wow.
,Recommended,239160,9291706,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Zhoriax,"Releases on my birthday, getting a price-off from and a birthday coupon from steam, 10/10 to this game and steam"
76561198033238608,Not Recommended,239160,9291911,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Suffocation,boring dishonored wanabe
,Recommended,239160,9292266,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Azam,Very good game and nice graphics and scary :D
,Not Recommended,239160,9293666,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Slava Nadvorny,"I'll quore some guy from metacritics: ""Collecting ink bottles in small dark rooms even more boring than my current work"". It's so scripted and tight."
,Not Recommended,239160,9293761,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lord Elbek of Chaol Ghleann,Do you recommend this game? No just no
,Recommended,239160,9294568,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ThyOverlord,"This game is great. The whole stealth mechanics are as real as they can get compared to any other games. The amount of detail in the enviremont arounnd is flawless. And the story makes you not want to stop playing. Although everything aout it is great, there are a lot of bugs. Example: When I would enter a room I wold fall through the map and die. And random FPS drops in places where they shouldn't. Aside from that, it's stunning! On a scale from 1 to 10, I would rate this  game at about 8.5 - 9."
,Not Recommended,239160,9295102,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,W3ST3RN INFID3L,"I loved the original Thief game so i had no hesitation in pre-ordering as soon as it was up on Steam. Ive been waiting patiently for what seems like forever for this game to unlock...Putting the ""Cannot Contact Key Server"" error to one side... after eventually getting to play the game i preordered 3 months ago, 4 hours in, i can only report immense disappointment.Dont be fooled by the graphics, they are very nice indeed as is the concept of the game, but the whole thing is let down by tiring, repetitive linear gameplay to such an extent, it feels like a console game from the 90s tarted up with pretty graphics.I'd also say that 69 score on metracritic is extremely over-generous, about 50 would be a better reflection of this game and 25 of that would have been awarded for the graphics, without that, the game is extremely dull.Save your cash and spend it on something worthy of it. Not recommended."
76561198041674229,Recommended,239160,9295276,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Skinn,2spooky4me
76561198043926409,Recommended,239160,9295466,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kurbitz,It's very atmospheric and dark. Can get a bit clunky at times but i like it.
,Recommended,239160,9295577,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Nimrom Dug,"Thief thus far is a decent stealth game although it lacks the finesse and darkness of the previous games. The stealth mechanics are moderate and don't require much effort and speedrunning through the levels is no difficult feat, it's pretty much similar to the stealth mechanics of the Elder scrolls games where you crouch to sneak and if you stand up you're busted, there are also a lot of elements throughout the game that remind more than just vaguely of Dishonored , if the game wasn't constantly played at night time I might've been unsure of which of the two I was playing. Combat is a bit meh, an arrow to the face doesn't kill but just makes enemies a tad baffled pretty much ""OH NO, THERE'S AN ARROW IN MY EYE, I wonder where that came from"" after being stunned for a few seconds, if even that, but this is no asassination game this is a game of thievery after all. This game was clearly designed with consoles in mind with a very flimsy pc port when it comes to the mini tasks like lockpicking which require you to move your mouse in a circle to hit the right spot, and don't mind me when I tell you that it's absolutely no challenge to open anything in the game, a neat trick is to keep a controller next to you as you play, as it can instantly switch between keyboard and controller with no other buttons necessary which is quite neat.the cut scenes are marvellous if only it didn't bear the standard square enix eyes which are distastefull to anyone looking at them and look outright ugly. And they could also up the resolution on textures, especially textures that you zoom in on a lot, such as chests and locks.It is however very pretty in some events and damn right ugly in others, where the use of particle effects is too damn much.All in all 7/10So I recommend this game with slight moderation, if you're looking for the previous installments this is not the game for you, if you're just looking for a decent stealth game with slight action moments this game is pretty fun."
,Recommended,239160,9295591,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Deadpool,this is one of the best games i have played
76561198038891636,Recommended,239160,9295746,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kawdor,Awesome game!
76561197965434971,Recommended,239160,9296094,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Spulaser,"A bit tired re-boot of a great franchise. Worth getting during a sale. In the mean time try out the older Thief games, if you still haven't, as they are as good as stealth games come.+ Fantastic graphics+ Looting establishments is fun+ All around good sound design+ Stealth mechanics, though barely updated at all, still manage to be thrilling+ Customizable difficulty offers plenty of replayability- Laggy performance at times- Reboot doesn't really feel needed here; a graphical update to the older games would have worked much better- While it certainly tries, it doesn't manage to reach the athmosphere and ""texture"" of the previous installments' world design- Absolutely terrible combat- Dialogue isn't too great eitherI'd give it about 6½ out of 10. It's a good game in it's own right with plenty of issues to correct in coming patches."
,Recommended,239160,9296687,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BoxyNinja(CHANNNGE),Slightly similar to our Favorite Assassins game but quite amazing nonetheless XD simply amazing
76561198032281377,Not Recommended,239160,9296858,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Tehl,This is nowhere near as good as the original Thief game.  It's less fun than any of the Assasins Creed games.  It's also a lot less fun than Dishonored.  There's no third person view.  The designers intentionally disabled this for 98% of the game claiming it improved game immersion.  Well this game manages to be entirely unengaging anyway so they failed.  The controls are clumsy.  There's nothing dynamic about the game it's just awkward.  Everything from climbing ropes to jumping to picking locks to levering open windows is awkward and just plain annoying.
76561197963177674,Recommended,239160,9297131,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,qcocks,"I'm about 16 hours in and not even half way done with this game. The reviews im seeing are playing it on normal with all the handholding turned on and completing the game in roughly 8 hours. That is not the way to go. It is a whole other game when you make the game like old-school Thief; no focus, no minimap, no objective markers, no item glimmer. I even went as far as not being able to heal from food, or perform non-stealth takedowns. The custom difficulty settings are amazing and make the game that much more immersive and intense. If i were to play this game on normal with everything turned on, i would give it a 6/10, but as of right now i feel like it's AT LEAST an 8/10. This game is in no way worse than Thief: Deadly Shadows. It is missing some of the factions from the old Thief games, but that doesn't diminish how robust and rich the city is, and how great the atmosphere is. I spent over an hour on one mission and still only found 57% of the loot. There are many secret rooms, notes leading to clues about hidden treasures, and a bunch of other things you'd want from a Thief game. If you are worried about the combat then you are doing it wrong. You should worry about the stealth and stealing, in which case you need not worry."
,Recommended,239160,9297609,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Echari,Broke into a brothel and spied on people having sex. 10/10
76561198005615112,Recommended,239160,9297642,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Roch,"Just started and playing on my bad laptop but so far I love it. Going to try going all stealth first time through, see how I can sneak past all the guards and nab the loot before they see me. Then once I beat the game that way I can go back and try to go for a knockout run then kill run."
,Recommended,239160,9297678,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Aela,"I haven't played more than three hours of this game because frankly I have had to force myself to play more than 1 hour of it. The plot isn't terrible, but I have little to no incentive to go from place to place. Graphics are fairly decent, but that's the only good thing about the game in my opinion. Gameplay is like a Dishonored with not even half the openness or things to use. I'm considering a refund for this game."
,Recommended,239160,9296053,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,hacker,Probably one of the most stealthy and sneaky games I have ever played! Only up to level 4 and enjoying myself =)
76561198010247076,Recommended,239160,9297924,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,[Ninja]Menchi,"Overall the game is great, but as far as a thief title goes it's by far the worst.The immersion is way up there, but the inability to jump and being a console port at heart really ruin everything that's great about this game.Will still play it all the way through though."
,Recommended,239160,9297967,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ricken,"Ignore Metacritic and IGN. This game is so good, I want to have its babies. If you've played the original Thief games and didn't enjoy them, then there's no problem, as the reboot is nothing like them. Badass story, badass character, badass soundtrack."
76561198013255408,Recommended,239160,9298024,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Vyper900,"Thief has very smooth gameplay and it does a great job at keeping you at the edge of your seat. I do have few issues with it though. First, the city; while it seems like fun at first to sneak around from mission to mission, it quickly become bothers some due to the fact that the city, though fairly full of ""life,"" can get boring a repetitive quickly. It can take a lot of time to get from one mission to another. My second big issue may seem fairly small to some but, completely drew me out of the game when it happened. While climbing some piping the perspective jumped from first person(which it had been, other than cut scenes the entire time during gameplay) to third person. I suddenly went from ""being"" Garrett, to watching Garrett while he climbed around in an Assassin's Creed series fashion.What I love about this game is how emersive it is. Save for what I just mentioned. I really get the feeling I am Garrett walking through the brothel, finding hidden temples, stealing loot, and being a general bad♥♥♥♥♥ The level of game play customization is like something I have NEVER seen before in any game. If you want to play it like Assassin's Creed with alert icons above enemy heads and special vision to spot the goodies, you can do that. If you want to play it as a Master Thief with no special abilities, no hints, waypoint, health bar, broad head arrows. Than do it.  88/100~TL;DR?Great game overall, with a high level of a gameplay customization that helps make it super emersive. Though not perfect with a few issue that are easy to get by."
,Recommended,239160,9300309,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Trolls 'n Goblins,"I got this game on pre-sale, and the moment it became available, I've been playing it.Got a few hours of play now, and I can say honestly that I -really- enjoy it.My performance, on an okay computer (Not too special, not too bad), is surprisingly good, eventhough the cutscenes and cinematics sadly tend to be slightly choppy. I bet it is a matter of settings, but I simply cannot be bothered too much.There's so many video-settings to this game, as well as other settings (Really, customisation freaks should really take a look at this options menu!), I don't want to dig around through all those settings, while the game works well and looks amazing, taking the chopppy cinematics and cutscenes for what they are: Still awesome, yet choppy.Because yes, this game looks and feels amazing. I enjoy a good deal of immersive gameplay, the story so far is VERY entertaining, and what I enjoy, is the different elements they put in. A little steampunk, a little fantasy, a little horror.. all going hand in hand perfectly, in a way that has you smirking like a scoundrel one moment, and nailbiting the other.To me, the gameplay was a little getting used to, but after 10-15 minutes of fumbling around while main man Garrett tells you what to do, it becomes very natural.Eventhough you -can- go muderous, stealing and stealthing is the main aspect of the game, which can be noticed in the gameplay too. While it is possible to go full out predator-mode (instead of Ghost or Opportunist), it's strongly encouraged... for you cannot retrieve your arrows, finding them is a rare thing, and buying them is expensive. Other weapons then your bow are reduced to one weapon: The blackjack for hitting with and sapping.But trust me when I say, overal, you don't need more to -enjoy- this game for what it is: A game about thievery, sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and escaping the law.----------------------------------------------------------------All in all, not perfect, but for all you sneak-'m-upper-fans and fans of the grim, dark and not poetic verse, a deffinate recommendation!"
76561198000505981,Recommended,239160,9300340,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BTDubbs,"Man everyone's all over the place with the game.If you're looking for the exact Thief experience from before, you're not gonna get that. Garrett has a different actor, the themes differ, the pace differs, the level design differs, the lore differs, the color scheme differs, et cetera. In some ways they might be better for you or worse, all depending on what you're looking for.Maybe if you're looking for something a little different, you'll like this game. Maybe you're just looking for someone else's experience. Read on, then.I first learned about the Thief series from the Thief 4 (I'll call it that for clarity) teaser. For a long while I totally ignored it until sometime later I saw the games on Steam via a friend. I invested some money and time into Thief: TDS, 'cause I wasn't sure how much blast from the past I could handle graphics-wise. I'm a little visually spoiled, I guess. And the first thing I thought was that Garrett was kinda cheesy sounding, but I liked it anyways. I binged on Let's Play of TDP and Thief 2 cutscenes and wiki pages and Thief 4 trailers, and I preordered this game soon after it was made available. I rode that hype train.And then I played Thief 4. At this point I've beat the main game, played a chunk of side quests. I like the new voice actor, find his accent amusing if anything with its French Canadian-New Yorkiness. I liked the gameplay, the gritty visuals, the dark themes, the cool animations and equipment and loot.But the game does have its gripes. The graphics can be a bit all over the place if you're not on the most fantastic rig. The lip sync is not gonna be there at all. The controls can be a bit silly, the level design limiting. At one point I had to KO a guard just because I couldn't figure out another way to get down from a vent, another I had to resort to ""opportunistic"" measures when I couldn't find a single way to ""ghost"" through the level, their terms for gameplay methods.The enemies and NPCs aren't great in number, variance or influence. Sword guy, crossbow guy, guy that runs away and tells on you. Guy that sells you stuff, three guys that give quests. Lady that gives focus points if you like those. The writing really does shine on that lady, if not the gameplay.The plot is engaging, but I think it really needed at least a few more chapters and levels to flesh it out. I had a lot of questions, especially about the ending...not that I expect them to get answers. Maybe I just didn't find enough of the relevant texts, but more background info would've been awesome. Characters that appear in one or two cutscenes for main mission relevance are totally ignored for the rest of it. I needed a little more life in a city where most everyone's dead or halfway there. Though that I write this shows my investment in them.Patches and DLC could supplement these things, definitely.If you're not ready to be obsessed with it, you might not be ready to spend the money on this game. But I started out being obsessed with it."
,Recommended,239160,9301565,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Clearproof,Good if you like stealth. Really Good if you like stealth
76561197971300342,Recommended,239160,9303194,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Roy,"Great Game, play it on 'Master' Difficulty for the best playthrough."
76561198007419272,Recommended,239160,9304113,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,dragonknight53,This is a great game for the stealth genre. It's got a good story and is well worth the buy!
,Recommended,239160,9304510,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,[HGS][ANG]Evis,"I've played Thief for a while now, and I can offer some first impressions.First, this is a really good PC port.♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of graphics options for everything from resolution and AA options, to parallax occlusion mapping and FOV. It needs a little work done on it to really shine (the 64 bit resources are not as well done as the 32 bit and the SLI support is atrocious), but on the whole it's an example of a port done really well.I'm not a huge fan of the original games. I played a few missions in Metal Age, and that's about it. Enjoyed it well enough though.This is obviously a different animal. Only a complete fool would be expecting a 1:1 item. There's lots of stuff put in there like loot glint, waypoints, extra HUD items, command prompts and so on, in order to ensure that casual gamers are not put off.You can also turn off these items as you wish. Don't want waypoints and loot glint? Turn them off. Don't want to be able to see your health bar and light level? Turn it off. You can actually turn off pretty much every support option the game has, to the point where it is giving you LESS help than the original.Then there's the custom difficulty mode.You have 3 basic difficulty modes, and a custom mode. In custom you select one of the three main modes as the baseline, and you can then add a range of chosen modifiers such as 'no damage allowed', 'can't kill anyone', 'mission over if detected' and that sort of thing. The list is pretty big and adds modifiers to your score for each mission which are updated onto a leaderboard. There's even an iron man mode for the pure insane.Thief took a lot of messing around initially, but that was only to find which support elements I wanted and which I didn't. I ended up disabling loot glint, way points, the mini map and a few other things, but kept interaction prompts and most of the HUD. Once I was comfortable I had enough information being given to me to play well, but not so much that the game might as well play itself, I set to work.All in all it's pretty solid so far. The writing is a little flaky but the rest of the game holds up well. The new mechanics are fun and rewarding without being overpowered (provided you're on the highest base difficulty, and why wouldn't you be?) and the game is usually fair. It does however have a few barbs in the tale in that enemies are not night blind (they can see you even in pitch black if they're close) tend to look around a little more than in other stealth games, and, shock and horror, treat a light mysteriously going out as something to get suspicious about!I'm only a few missions in, but so far the rating is 'adequate to good'. Most of the screaming fans of the original are either annoyed that too much has changed (can't comment on that as I was never big on the originals, but I'd regard it as a legitimate grievance in concept), or they've just decided to hate it already. Short version is that, so far at least, my opinion is that anyone claiming this is a bad game should be treated with suspicion. It's no classic, but it plays well and has some very nice touches.More coming as I play."
76561198051366602,Not Recommended,239160,9304528,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,swabmenot,Ridiculous.  I can't even finish the prologue because the jumping mechanics of the game are broken.  I wish I had read reviews before I preordered it.  I just didn't believe a game could be this bad.
,Not Recommended,239160,9304689,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Jimmy Hazard,"A convoluted mess of a game, if it was just the awful acting, story telling, character development and plot, I could deal with it. But the world is a maze at the moments where you just want to get from A to B but a linear corridor when you want to explore. The map is next to useless in the big city because there are no icons whatsoever on it. The AI too, is pretty awful, seriously when you are in the ""dark"" (i.e. not in direct light) you can stand as close as you want to the guards and they will be none the wiser. They are quick to give up a chase when you are spotted but are also blissfully easy to knock out.I never realised how important audio is in a game until I played this. The audio can cut out, get caught in loops, or the range can screw up. I really shouldnt be able to hear a conversation happening 3 houses away. The few redeeming features lie in the slick animations of the main character but that being said, this is a first person game. Its' so well polished in some areas and not at all in others. I found myself getting fully immersed and then I would get pitifully lost or the sound of rain would randomly appear and I would be jarred back out. Don't be a mug like me and buy this game at full price, or even at all. If you are feeling the stealth bug give Mark of the Ninja, Splinter Cell Blacklist or Dishonored (The DLC for that is pretty good too) a shot. Each of those are cruel but fair in their own right, but thats what stealth is all about."
,Recommended,239160,9305325,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Slickplayer101,"This is strictly first impessions, and as such, take a pinch of salt with what I write.THIEF - This game is beautiful graphically, although I do recormend you have a beefy rig to run it at full spec (Nothing quite as monstorous as what you'd need to run Witcher 2 on full, but you get the idea.). With fully rebindable keys, full-controler support (if that's your thing) and changable settings galore, it is a wonderful game to mess with if you're a purist or like to mess with settings.The gameplay thus far is solid, the feeling many people might get of a ""Dishonoured 2"" is not as accurate as you may think, but this is good. Thief isn't about being some all-powerful magic assassin with a vendetta, it's about being a Thief, using the shadows to your advantage, messing with people to get that split second gap you need to swoop undetected past a group of guards, and to have that satisfied smirk when you pinch what isn't yours from the home of a sleeping mark.Generally, I would say this game is deffinatly worth the buy, if you have the urge to be more sneaky and not as bloodthirsty as other games would have you be, but if you enjoy the thought of getting through a mission without leaving a trace, then this game is for you.8/10 - loss of two points due to ""beefy"" system requirements to have everything up to 11."
,Recommended,239160,9305359,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,McKnackSack,"It's fun. It really is! Although I think, it is not as good as Dishonored.I recommend this game for everyone as soon as it is on sale for the first time... let's say with 33% off, there is no reason to keep your credit card in your pocket anymore :)"
,Recommended,239160,9306130,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,1-UPcard,great game but cutscenes are somewhat disoriented and other npc's voices can be heardalso chapter 5 scares the s*** out of me
,Recommended,239160,9307180,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,bidji,"I'm an old Thief fan, so I had my expectations set very low for this one. Turns out it's a really enjoyable game, and while I lament the use of the jack-of-all-trades-master-of-none-context-sensitive action/jump/climb key, and the fact that some levels feel a little linear, and the weird absence of olde English, I'm having tons of fun with it. It might not be Dark Project, but it's a Thief game nonetheless and you should play it."
,Recommended,239160,9307547,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,syianzi,"So far, a great game. Only played a few hours and chipped the surface but there seems plenty to explore which is refreshing, especially rooting around rooftops and finding a window you think ""probably just scenic"" and then finding yourself climbing inside into someone's house!"
,Recommended,239160,9307743,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,de_vorno,"For the true Thief fans. There has been a fair amount of flack from reviewers for varying reasons but I believe that this game really delivers well.It gives you the option of turning on/off most features that make the game easier for the common folk, thus allowing a new level of difficulty where true attention to detail counts!So far I feel that there is greater freedom (particuarly after the tutorial-stage).The graphics engine has been built well - there is a short preload at the beginning of each level, after which the game should run smoothly; I have a good rig which is a good couple years old now & can run the graphics on high.The freedom that the game delivers, along with the fantastic graphics lets your mind wander and become one with the world. I can lose myself for hours while searching hidden zones, challenging myself and simply just looking on & loving the detail that Thief has to offer.This is not a game for everyone; it is a game for those who appreciate a well-made creation."
,Recommended,239160,9307752,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nyx,"It seems like they ran out of money for this game. The final few scenes  are lacking continuity and the whole experience is staggered and awkward.The game was okay, but definitely nothing to write home about."
,Recommended,239160,9307755,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Boerneplager5000,"Overall a fun game, great immersion and stealth mechanics.I've played all of the ""thief"" games in the franchise, and this is a good new release to the series.Only bad thing I can think of isn't really bad at all, but it is that square enix have borrowed their own mechanic from Hitman, where you can hide in the closet - yet they've left out the bit where you're actually able to hide bodies in there. Was pretty disappointed when i knocked a guard unconcious and couldn't put him in there for safe keeping.xD"
76561198080677078,Recommended,239160,9307904,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Buster The Bear,This game is amazing and fun and very entertaining! You can choose how you want to play the game in many different ways in lots of different missions
,Recommended,239160,9308401,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,deity-,"Too linear, not worth more than $20."
,Not Recommended,239160,9308681,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Shaner,"Disappointing, even for a ""Thief"" die-hard fan.  Go play Dishonored for a better ""reboot"" of the Thief series.  Very linear, silly lack of basic UI enhancements and simply boring, even while playing on ""Master"" level.  Seems like every game I prepurchase turns out to be a stinker.  Add this one to the pile."
,Not Recommended,239160,9308738,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,(RCB) Slackrate,"Eh the game has some optimization issues and the cut scenes animations do not match the voice overs of the characters speaking so it looks rushed in this aspect. The stealth, lockpicking and stealing is ok but the combat is not very fun as you basically just avoid or go behind guards to knock them out but if they find and chase, you basically have to run as you cannot really fight them in melee.Basically buy this game if you only want to play a stealthy thief and going at a slow pace waiting for patrols to move and dont care about the cut scenes/combat and is a patient kleptomaniac. Although I have to say the stealth could have been done better/made more fun.TLDR dont buy it yet until they optimize it and fix the terrible cutscenes that make the game look cheap. The gameplay is ok, but not as fun as Dishonored due to the terrible combat and slow game pace.P.S. I feel that the game at its core is good but feel that the developers rushed the game and didnt refine some of the features/ fixed the terrible voice sync with the cutscenes."
76561198042269753,Recommended,239160,9314088,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Lord Kaldor Draigo,"Despite the mediocre ratings, the gameplay is still really good. The story is alittle inconsistent but that is mostly true for most thief games. Only problem i would love to see more mission and objectives within a mission in Theif(2014). This is a good recommend for new comers of the genre and series. It wont really disappoint old fans either."
76561198057540657,Not Recommended,239160,9315124,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cloud,Ужасно!
76561198081552392,Recommended,239160,9316465,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,alexkhvorov,"Exellent remake of an older title! A bit short, but totally worth the price. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,239160,9316473,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,enkryptor,"If you played the previous 2004 game ""Thief: Deadly Shadows"" and enjoyed it, you won't regret buying this one. The new Thief carefully recreates the same atmosphere and game pace with modern graphics/sounds, a whole new plot, and a modern-ish unneeded tutorial mission. The gameplay is practically the same - you will do a lot of searching, puzzle-solving, walking, hiding, stalking the guards, planning and stealing. Some people could find it boring. The game has really dark atmosphere and quite a slow pace, which isn't for everyone.Despite the trailer definitely reminds me the Dishonored one, the game itself is very different. There are no magic abilities neither fencing/shooting your enemies in the face. You will do much more stealthy, hidden actions. It's basically Hitman:Blood money without killing (well, almost without).The game is REALLY atmospheric and involving. You shouldn't rush it. Treat it as a horror game, play it slow and careful, to get the full experience.The stealth system is very good, in my opinion. You have your old good ""shadow gem"" indicating the light level. Guards have a range of aggro levels, from a little suspicions to a real manhunt. Your changings to the environment matter. Sound matters a lot. You can move with four different speed modes (rush, run, walk or slow pace). You have a bunch of gadgets, from old good bow with a range of arrows, blackjack and flash bombs to new context-sensitive tools such a crowbar, a scalpel or a wrench.If you play on easy difficulty you could find the guards a kind of buggy - dumb, slow-reacting and having their field of view too narrow. If so, swich your difficulty level or try custom difficulty."
,Recommended,239160,9297112,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ArcticDuck,"Thief is a stealth, action game and a reboot of the old Thief games. The game has a focus on stealth and not being seen. Shadows are your best friend and so is gold. If you are more of a  action game  player then you will not enjoy Thief. But if you like stealth games, then I'd recommend it!"
76561197966486263,Recommended,239160,9318050,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mindsmog,"One of the best games i have layed in a long time, better than Dishonored and previous thief games, metascore 69/100 what a load of tosh more like 89/100"
,Recommended,239160,9318060,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,SYBINK,"Thief [Rebooted]I have been a massive fan of Thief since the very first release. I would have never though that 10 years later there would have been Thief (Rebooted). I must say that when I seen some of the screenshots for the game I was absolutely taken aback. The levels are stunningly well developed, and the attention to detail is overwhelming. I doubt if there will be many complaints, but rest assured… there will be the ones who just about complain about every f****** thing. They’ve spoilt the game, they have ruined it. It’s nothing like the original.And Like I said the complaints... Well they have been flooding in. I have read some dreadful reviews about this game. To be honest I actually don't know what all the fuss is about. I have a very high spec rig and I am one of the fortunate ones who can upgrade my Rig with new technology. And I appreciate that not all of us are have the money nor the ability to upgrade as often as I do. Some people will not be able to run this game, so I would urge you check your spec before purchasing. It is a stunning game.This is a re-release, with a new story based on the original characters and that is just about it. What you can do within this game compared to a decade ago with Thief 2… there is no comparison. The shadow detail and gameplay of the game is awesome. Although, the controls compared with the original game are completely different. And I am afraid this might cause further complaints about the complexity of the controls. My recommendation, use a gamepad it will be a lot easier than using a keyboard and mouse. If you are lucky to have a gaming keyboard like myself then you can program an assortment of different keys to your liking.The only thing that I do not understand with Thief (Rebooted) why the developers decided on using UE3 and not UE4 (Unreal Engine 3) which is more advanced than the predecessor. The development of the game was rocky and nearly didn’t get developed. Although Eidos Montreal came through with what might be the best release of Thief (Rebooted) since the initial release nearly 2 decades ago?Will the PC version play up against the PC4 edition. I don’t know, I have seen the PS4 edition and I must say the attention to details is just mind blowing. I was absolutely stunned at the attention to detail. Although, we shall have to wait and see on the 28th February. The spec for the PC version I thought was very reasonable… If you’re lucky like myself to have a very high spec PC then this game should run flawlessly. Although, with the troubled development at Eidos Montreal I would expect to see and wouldn’t be surprised in the slightest if there wasn’t some issues. It’s to be expected, with all games that are developed. Hardware configuration and drivers have a huge impact on games, especially when they are new. No two computers in the gaming domain are the same. They may share similar characteristics but that’s all.Minimal SpecOS: Windows Vista with platform updateCPU: High-performance dual core CPU or quad core CPURAM: 4 GBGraphics Card: AMD Radeon 4800 series / NVIDIA GTS 250DirectX: DirectX 10HDD/SSD: 20 GBRecommended SpecOS: Windows 7 or 8CPU: AMD FX 8000 series or better / Intel i7 Quad Core CPURAM: 4+ GBGraphics Card: AMD Radeon HD / R9 series or better / NVIDIA GTX 660 series or betterDirectX: DirectX 11HDD/SSD: 20 GB"
,Recommended,239160,9318286,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,3lackroom,"Altough slight bugs in the game mechanics and the sometimes hard to control jumping, the overall quality of this game is above expectations. It creates an amazing and eerie atmosphere in certain circumstances (Especially in Chapter 2). The graphic detail put into the game is astounding and it is clear that there was a focus on lighting the the light mechanism. If you are interested in games such as dishonoured or the original Thief series I would recommend this game.A great feature about the game is actually the non-linear approach and open world aspects of the city, meaning there is a much more open feeling and fills gaps in other stealth games, where in Thief it is still possible to walk around casually among other civillians.The story takes a while to become apparent and can be slightly confusing at times, however, the deeper you go into the games back story, the clearer it all becomes.If I had to give this game a rating I would give it 8/10"
,Recommended,239160,9319111,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Septer,Amazing.
76561197970945598,Recommended,239160,9284104,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,dontera,"Enjoyable and rewarding, but not in the ways I expected. Left me sort of wanting."
76561198053331869,Recommended,239160,9284199,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,thePossum,"Game is sick, buy it. Gfx are awesome."
,Recommended,239160,9284754,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,saalem,not sure why people are rating this game poorly. probably because they were expecting some turn of the century game. this game is exactly what i was expecting and it is just fine. i like it. the game looks awesome and runs great at 2560x1440 all settings maxed.the gameplay is pretty fun as well. i love playing stealth games and there are limitless opportunities in this game on how to play it. very immersive game. for $45 it was a great buy and i recommend it
76561198059148171,Recommended,239160,9284893,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,diegsthebest,This game is super cool.
,Recommended,239160,9292376,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Dredd,"Thief is an amazing game, If you enjoy Metal gear, Splinter Cell, Dishonored, or any other stealth game's, You will enjoy Thief, Good story so far, yet I have not beatin it. Can be challanging if you get yourself backed into a corner, I enjoy running around the city lock-picking my way into every building I can, and be out within a flash of light.Only thing I can say about this game is,What is locked... can be opened...What is hidden... can be found...What is yours......can be mine."
76561197999896441,Not Recommended,239160,9292492,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,foo,"In its current state I can't recommend this game... shame cos everything seems to be there its just a pain to control at the mo.Early days yet but controls are a pain in the back side and the graphics stutter every now and again making for a very disjointed experience (and I have tried turning on/off various options, lowering the graphic settings etc)... will wait for 1st patch I think."
,Recommended,239160,9292634,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Big Daddy,just amazingfew bugs but still worth it:)
,Recommended,239160,9293079,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,RandomXGaming,It is realy good
,Recommended,239160,9293173,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MarioDonald,It is a very outstanding game that I would strongly recommand to buy.
,Recommended,239160,17445057,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Choke me Daddy,"When i first bought this game, i was half expecting it to be exactly like taking the thief pathway in Skyrim, and in a way i was right. However as i played the game, and im not too far into it, i have noticed it has a very interesting storyline blooming. (i know this because this is literally the only game ive watched the cut scenes for). Although it lacks an open world such that in Skyrim and Assassins Creed, it makes up for it with a very immersing style of missions where, in all honesty, take a long time and every move has to be precise as if you ♥♥♥♥ up you create a cluster♥♥♥♥ of 3-10 guards chaisng you down narrow town streets.In summary this game is very good for what you pay for, and if you are looking for that game with a little bit of extra challenge, this game is for you."
76561198006660208,Recommended,239160,17473669,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Shatner's Fist,"Full disclosure, I never played any of the original Thief games, so I'm writing this based on the game's own merits.  I've seen a lot of reviews that compare this reboot with the originals- I'm not going to do that.Thief is not a bad game.  It's a first person stealth game that encourages you NOT to kill everyone in sight.  As the title suggests, you're a thief, not an assassin- but you *can* take the murderous rampage route, if that's your thing.  The stealth mechanics are very good, and the city is like an interesting sort of a Victorian steampunk without firearms.  There's electricity (including handheld electric lamps) and factories, but people still use torches, swords and crossbows.The story is ""meh"".  Something about the Dark Side of the Force causing a plague or something and there's this half naked goth chick.  Whatever.  The game is at its best when you forget that there's (what is generously called) a plot, and you're skulking through a mansion, a brothel (hope you're not squeamish about cartoon boobies) or a jewelry shop, stealing everything that isn't bolted down (and even a few things that *are* bolted down). while avoiding the owners and their hired goons.  You do have a variety of tools and a ""focus mode"" to help even the odds a bit.  You can even smash bottles and vases as distractions- environmental awareness is helpful.So it's not a great game, but it's not terrible either.  If you want an engrossing story, this is not the game for you.  If you like sneaking around and stealing stuff, and occasionally shooting an arrow through a dude's face, this is worth buying- especially when it's on sale."
76561197998193209,Not Recommended,239160,17909541,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Langos,"This game really does suck, it is the least inventive stealth game I've ever played and the game mechanics are so boring that I could only take an hour of playing this before I uninstalled. I really enjoyed the old Thief games but this is nothing like the old games, if you enjoyed the old games may I suggest staying way from this piece of garbage.If you loved Dishonored you could try this game as they are similar, except the fact that Dishonored is a good game and this is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970354307,Not Recommended,239160,17911317,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,NotTelling,"This game is aimed at someone who's happiest when sneaking so slowly across rooftops, and as a consequence it isn't fun.  If taking 10 minutes to sneak your way across the city just to start the next mission is your idea of a good time, then buy this... but remember, that's not a one-off.  You'll spend more time sneaking round a boring-as-hell city than you will doing almost anything else.There's not much character development either - I don't give a stuff about any of them, and the 'save the city from an unknown plague' has been done before (and better) by another stealth-em-up.  You don't even feel properly awesome as Garrett, either.  You're a one-trick pony - and that trick (stealth) is painfully slow that getting from one side of the city to the other is simply dull.It's a real pity, because there's a great game in here, it just needs a set of mod tools (which aren't going to happen) so people can tweak this into something that's actually fun to play.  And I think that's the real nub of the problem - Thief is a stealth simulator, and simulators may be many things, interesting, challenging, skillful, but they're not fun."
76561198002296192,Recommended,239160,17924416,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Oria,Good game... but could of been a bit better. Would rate 7/10
76561198009279543,Not Recommended,239160,18067613,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Supreme Petters,"My only regret in life is purchasing this game, but hey atleast it gave me a sh*tty hat to wear on TF2."
76561198123936611,Recommended,239160,11177570,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Nargalishus,it was ok i guess...
76561198055493324,Recommended,239160,17453455,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ImaginaMagica,"Not the best, but has a lot to appreciate.I've never played the other Thief titles, nor have I played a ton of stealth games, but I definitely enjoyed it.It has some level design weaknesses here and there, and the out-of-cutscene animations are kind of cheesy (especially the shop guy oh my god), but the AI is pretty solid and there's quite a lot of content.-Don't buy this game at full price,-Do give it a chance at least as far as the 2nd chapter before you decide it's worth skippingAnd a special note to fellow ladies playing this game: don't let a certain plot point at the end of the tutorial dissuade you from playing this game. It gave me the wrong impression at first, but things are clarified later on."
,Recommended,239160,17411493,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,McBourbons,"I'm a bit of a series fan so I'm slightly biased and this game has disappointed me.The only negative is it does have that feeling of initially being built for console. But like Skyrim, it has been properply ported to PC. Just as shame big PC franchise like Skyrim and Thief haven't stayed true to their PC history and have been built for console first then ported back. But to be clear, its a good job done here and it plays well."
,Recommended,239160,17413608,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,janarah_caine,"I have to say that this game was pretty phenominal play wise, the story, the arcs, the quests, etc were all great. The game play was great. The upgrades were great (if a bit of a pain to get since you had to get an absurd amount of money for some). The only thing I disliked about the whole game was the ending. Once you play through the whole thing and reach the end, regardless of which path you took to get there, it leaves you with a sour milk sort of after taste in your mouth.Story line minus the ending I give a four out of five stars.Beginning five stars.Game play five stars.Upgrades three stars, simply due to the absurd cost of some of them.Ending -1 star. . .more thought could have gone into that bit, and a bit more sense."
,Recommended,239160,17416557,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Siz,I don't play this game much. But I give it a 5/10. Maybe I might play it again and like it or not.
,Recommended,239160,17342749,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Johnny Lasagna,"Please note: I'm only recommending Thief if you can pick it up on sale. I enjoyed what I played, it's not a masterpiece by any means."
,Not Recommended,239160,17533509,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"Game crashes every 15 minutes after update to Windows 10. Managed to finish only 2 chapters which were ok. Not good, not bad. Just ok. Not sure what else to say about game which doesn't work."
,Recommended,239160,17602675,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,california,teaching kids how to steal things from people since 199910/10
76561198099070916,Recommended,239160,17621656,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Tasteless,(I have not finished the game at the time of writing this review so it may change in the future)Pros:Stealth works fineGadgets are okAbility to take everything that isnt nailed down of minor valueThe item that lets you remove the nails from things that are nailed downLooks niceRuns fineEnemies are dangerous even on lower difficulty so you cant just run in and hope to win a fight by clubbing 15 peopleOk puzzlesReasonable Ai (they notice if a door was opened by you and you dont close it)Still kinda has a sense of humorTons of collectables if your into that kind of thingGood AtmosphereCons:Minor bugs (from what ive seen)Massive Frame drop when loading into an area (minor issue for me personally)Characters are mehLots of small levels especially for the side missionsHub areas are booring outside of the houses that you can enter and requires a long journey while still being stealthy because guards still patrolHave not finished the other theif games at the time of writing this but from what i did play Garret is not as funny or at least the same type of humor from previous gamesGuards dont say as many stupid things from again the limited experience with previous gamesOverall still good but with a ton of things that will at least slightly annoy you i dont see the comparison with dishonored outside of focus which is just darkvision from dishonored and a similar victorian steam punk setting i do reccomend it especially if you can find it on sale or on sale and bundled with the other three games
76561198076380864,Recommended,239160,17515143,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,npbranco,"This is not a bad game. I understand that people were expecting something better than the old ones and didn't get it, but it's still not bad.There are pros and cons and if you just let the past go a little bit, it's very enjoyable! The stealth is nice and works well, the collectibles are well hidden and prove a challenge and the story is ok. I have to say Garret is less of an ironic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but it didn't ruin the experience for me.There's some glaring problems like the fetch quests that might be boring after some time and the absurdly dumb AI. Also, the fact that the possible entrances and exits are not signaled AT ALL might turn you off on the first hours of the game, but once you get used to the layout of the city it's quite easy to move around.So, yes, I know that everything Thief does, Dishonored does better. But~ while we wait for Dishonored 2, you should pick this up (if you like stealth like I do) or wait for a sale (if stealth is not really your thing) and try it out."
76561198035729836,Recommended,239160,17918660,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,erichleos,This game was good for me.  I loved the exploration and side quests.  The story was good enough to hold the game together.
,Recommended,239160,17942577,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,D4riXx,I saw someone fapping behind a wall...10/10
76561198100057208,Not Recommended,239160,9689586,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,The Tall Dwarf,"Not worth the money at all, I preordered it for the 10% off, I thought it would be a free world game like its orginal but you are instead trapped to inclosed area's forced to reload every time you want to leave, The guards are stupid, the quests are short and easy, the storyline is bad. I would refund this game a dozen times if I could. I DO NOT reccomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,239160,17646966,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Grey Wolf,"Thief is a great game in my opinion at least, not entirely bought onto it, but it has alot better storyline than other games, like Saints row, the point of that game is finding Sex dolls, literally. It's a collectible. Sad but True.7.5/10"
,Recommended,239160,13172979,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fear,if you have played dishonored this is like dishonored but - the powers but 100x better
,Recommended,239160,13176565,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bullet Train[GS],All I have to say LOOOOT.
,Recommended,239160,13160111,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Nboaram,Excellent Single player experience. Well worth picking up.
76561197987191708,Recommended,239160,13160138,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Highlander,"While this game has received many negative reviews especially when compared to it's predecessor, Thief is still worth a play through once, just not at the $59.99 price when it came out.  This is one of those get it at less than $5 during a steam sale pickups.  About the only good thing the game has going for it are the stealth mechanics.  Properly timed they’re actually quite fluid compared to what I was expecting.  In the middle ground there is the dark atmosphere and storyline, which is kind of a “dafuq is actually going on here” kind of deal.  The bad, there are probably many things to list, the actual shortness of the game and lack of unique voiced and textured NPCs come to mind.  There are not that many NPCs in the game to begin with, would it have been too much to ask for that there be at least some variation in the guard appearance and dialogue?  Yes, voice acting and art cost money, but the $59.99 this game retailed at when released suggested that Eidos maybe spent some money on it.  Again it’s worth picking up for cheap, good for a few hours on a rainy day but not at full price."
,Recommended,239160,13161147,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tamale,"Still a good and enjoyable game, just not for hardcore fans of the franchise."
76561198007428792,Recommended,239160,13523356,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,sander421,"Very nice! Especially the possibility to be a Ghost (no human contact), an Opportunist (some human contact) or a Predator (killing and hitting everyone :-)). You will be rewarded accordingly. Personally I think being a Ghost is the most challenging.Also, Big city and lots of places to hide, pick pockets and be the Thief you always wanted to be :-)  Also very great atmosphere."
,Recommended,239160,13524766,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kaz,"Great game.Stealthing feel so real, one wrong move and you're dead.Also knocking people out of my way with some stick is kinda fun.Get it if you like FPS and Stealth a lot."
76561198064041962,Recommended,239160,13471016,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GayGiant,"I find it enjoyable but some textures are sometimes lost. Just a couple fixes will make it better, otherwise great game!"
76561198083587782,Recommended,239160,13479293,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,☭Tombstone☭,"Very good game, solid gameplay, amazing graphics"
76561197970735316,Not Recommended,239160,13338376,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Lhee,Horrible system performance. Atrocious AI and Voice Acting. Forgettable story with one dimensional characters. Repetitive gameplay with mostly weak level design.  At least the actual stealth mechanics are OK. You can smell the river from here.
,Recommended,239160,13409738,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Muskratateer,"Surpisingly good game, worth buying while on sale.  Almost like a cross between assassin's creed and dishonored"
,Not Recommended,239160,13424343,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Epsilation,"This is definitly not a game to buy full price. Not to say it's bad, just unfinished. It's smooth to play, it just lacks purpose. Purchase if you're looking for a decent stealth game with little to no story"
,Recommended,239160,30493918,Posted: 13 March,all,GIUMANGI,"When it came out, it received mixed reviews but my impression is that it was due to the high expectations. Nonetheless, Thief brand was of the most popular ten/fifteen years ago and somehow the trademark of stealth gameplay, before Agent 47 or Sam Fisher entered the stage.However, this is a solid game. Tthe gameplay reminds the older version, but it is more linear (casual gamers will appreciate) and less challenging (basically you will ignore some piece of equipment in favour of others). You can improve some stats/gear/perks but I did not sense a huge difference during the walkthrough. Management of inventory is basically useless, while achievements (things to steal and collect) represent the true spirit of the title. The choice to switch to an open world map (even if divided into sectors) is appropriate and it could be better exploited. The main story plot is dull, characters motivation is somehow obscure as some line of dialogue result puzzling. In particular, some villains has potential (yeah, I am thinking about general Hunter) but they are too shallowly characterised. Honestly, I didn't care too much about them and I concentrated more on the loot. If the main story is dull, environments are beautifully crafted with a unique steampunk style. The most similar game one can imagine is Dishonored but Thief plays much better with lights and colours. Besides, in comparison to the Arkane Studios title, Thief is much more stealth-oriented. If you want to persevere to sort things out by combat, please forget this title. Even the rare boss fights are a matter of quickness and subtlety."
,Recommended,239160,13800470,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dalekhunter,The game you play if you want to know about♥♥♥♥♥♥Rings. 10/10
76561197969364074,Recommended,239160,13801005,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Softest,"Good game. I feel that there were really good things about this game, like the mechanics introduced with feeling the paintings by moving the mouse, hitting E to move the wood blocks, and things like this.I was a fan of Thief II as I played before and I kind of missed the voice of Garrett from that edition of the game and I was disappointed to hear what seems to be a different voice actor for Garrett in this edition. I got used to it though and appreciated the game. I really wish the story mode was a LOT longer but I guess there are still side missions you can get through Basso and you could replay the missions. I don't have much interest in replaying missions I've already done so the game is kind of dead to me now but it was a familiar experience.I liked the story, but yeah could have done a lot more I feel, as in just more ""Missions,"" or a longer story mode."
,Recommended,239160,13751247,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,koetter_boater,"SO, When I initially downloaded this game a few days ago, I couldn't get it to load. Every time I would click play from Steam, it would tell me that a fatal error had occurred, and that it couldn't passthrough C:\blahblahblah... I thought that this was because I was having Administrator Issues with my computer, so I restarted but it never worked. Today I was so frustrated that it wasn't working, I went into the Program Files and under Steam\SteamApps\common\Thief I had 2 binaries folders. You should only have one folder called ""Binaries"", but I had that one and one that was called Binaries2. Apparently everytime I pushed play, it would try to go to binaries, and open the 64 bit exe, but the binaries folder said to go to binaries2 to launch the exe. Well Steam basically didn't know how to do that, so it just failed. THIS IS HOW TO FIX IT. Which ever binaries folder you have that has the .dlls and the exe that is 30 or so MB, keep that binaries folder and delete the other one. Rename the folder ""Binaries"" and then try to launch from Steam again. Very very weird, but somehow it installed incorrectly. But when I was troubleshooting before and verified the game files from Steam, it said they were all ok, so I feel like there are probably a lot of people that will have this same problem. Hope this helps :)Just to clarify, you should have a folder in Thief called ""Binaries"", and this folder should contain 2 folders, ""Win32"" and ""Win64"". Both of those win folders should have a few .dll files, and the .exe that is about 30ish MB. If you have 2 binaries folders, delete the one that doesn't have these files and rename the other so it is just ""Binaries""."
76561198090295660,Recommended,239160,13753812,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,pupdogfidget,"I'm no video game expert, and I never played earlier Thief games, but I really like playing this one. It has a nice balance of story and side jobs. The stealth, arrow-sniping, drugging the animals and distracting the enemy make it a lot more fun than just attacking. The puzzles make it interesting as well.  One more thing is that it has a nice level of creepy. I don't sit at my keyboard so tense that my shoulders ache, waiting for the next thing to jump out."
76561198079992791,Recommended,239160,13673433,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Canned Ham,Drawer Opening Simulator 2014
,Recommended,239160,13676319,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Arqe,"Help Time !I play most of my games with official Xbox 360 Wireless Controller.But problem is ;Whenever i try to play Thief with controller , Garrett just runs and climbs on whatever he can find. But there is no problem with K/M combination.This happened with 1 more game too recently. Star Wars - Force Unleashed Ultimate Sith Edition.I've tried calibrating , downloading drivers from microsoft's site etc. But nothing fixed this problem.If this problem occured to someone else and managed to fix , can you guys / girls please help me with the situation ?Thank you."
,Recommended,239160,13677247,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gtagamer,This game is not even that bad compared to the other thief games this game can repeat it self at times but its pretty good
,Recommended,239160,16423947,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TheMoose,You can't do much in this game 9.9/10
76561197995261821,Recommended,239160,16288371,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Basilious - Master of Solitude,"I know my woman is in a great danger, but my love can wait while I wander around in each room, cabinet, chest, hole, etc looking for my precious loot... my precious loot... my precious loot..."
76561197985940446,Not Recommended,239160,13621472,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,saylem,"I played this game for a few hours and I cant look at, it is BORING as hell...Dont buy it."
76561198023186795,Not Recommended,239160,14794209,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,thomasmartin2,"You can read all the other reviews for gameplay, graphics etc. The biggest reason why i give this game such a negative review is the fact that all loot doesnt matter. Its primarily based on worthless achievements. Yep achievements4/10 only buy on sale, play once, forget you ever played the game."
76561197976403189,Recommended,239160,14510434,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,GRIM,"This game has some great elements, but the save system has a really bad flaw. If you reload the next day with your quicksave and had not used quicksave at the point you were at the day before, it will overwrite your last autosave with the current quicksave. You can lose hours of gameplay because of this. You have to use the manual save!!! If you can deal with this, it is a great game, but I would knock off 50% of any positive score I would give this game based on the horrible save overwriting system. It is such a bad idea, I would call it a bug!!!"
,Not Recommended,239160,14394006,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Oktin,"Good in theory but the lag, despite the graphics I had, and despite setting em to the lowest quality, followed buy a menu wishing my to sign up with edios .com or something,  then i entered the game, to find that the gameplay was very limited, for example jumping was only possible on ledges, and off ropes, I CAN NOW JUMP ON THE BED BECAUSE THERE IS A GUY ON IT, then garret is also batman or something where he is robbing for the sake of robbing, not for instance to pay rent in the last game, finally they make u tag along with some punk♥♥♥♥♥who cant do nothing right. Personally i would recommend dishonoured over this."
76561197989050146,Not Recommended,239160,14394971,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,j-PPP☮,"I played the original Thief games when I was young, and I liked them a lot. Never knew or cared about the plot, but the levels were large and somewhat open, and the player had a freedom to roam the corridors and hallways from loot and secrets. Despite their age, the original games are still good to play and I recommend them a lot.When the new Thief was announced, I was excited. The trailer gave an expression of Thief being an old school stealthing game executed with a modern graphics engine. Gameplay trailer reinforced my expectation of Thief being something like Dishonored, but infused with the old Thief consept. Large maps open for you to explore and enjoy, search and steal. Awesome picture, right?Luckily I felt skeptical and decided to wait until the game would get reviewed. When the reviews came out and were talking about Thief being pretty mediocre game, I decided to let the game pass. If Thief would one day come out on Steam sale, I would reconsider.That sale day was today and I decided to purchase the Thief. Not more than hour to the gameplay, I already see what the most reviews were talking about. My hope was that the Thief would have been a prementioned open level game, a mixture of Dishonored and old Thief games. In reality the Thief seems to be linear in it's plot, level design and game mechanics.Despite having some small apartments to explore, the levels are basically tortuous tubes, with little choice given to player on how to proceed. The explorable lootable houses are also always on your path, always served right in front of you. This way you never truly feel like tresspassing into an apartment like you would if you would have found it when you would have been exploring a larger map. Talking about exploring, the game always tells you where to go by showing a very clear marker on your screen. And as I already mentioned, there is no reason to try and venture away from the path. You will just find a wall and you're forced to turn around and keep following the waypoints.Controls seem to have been made with consoles in mind. There is no jump button, protagonist can only climb from predestined and highlighted spots and it is impossible to accidentally fall off plateaus. Even peeking around corners has been rendered almost futile, when you cannot peek to your sides without having to ""attach"" yourself to a wall first. Instead of peeking (which actually doesn't even work everywhere), I found strafing slightly from the corner to be as effective.Instead of making the gameplay intuitive, devs decided to add highlights everywhere and give player a focus vision. In crucial or just less obvious place player is prompted to use focus, which will then give away how to proceed. Developers did not want to take a risk that players would get stuck on the most basic level design for even seconds, and added something that will make sure that the player will always advance, will always know where to go. Is this really where gaming today has gone? Are developers underestimating players, or are games designed with keeping the most simplistic players in mind?Overall, I don't recommend the Thief. Who knows, maybe this is a game that you might like, and if you don't mind it being a generic game despite it's distinguishable game idea, go ahead and purchase it. Just make it sure that you will get it from sale.TL:DR: Thief pays more homage to modern day generic, linear and dull FPS's than the old school Thief-games that it stole it's name from."
,Not Recommended,239160,12455006,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,VieuxRenard [BE],"I was expected so much from this one, since I played the old Thief, Dark project is one of my favorite game I had so much fun I can still enjoy playing to it, but this ""Thief"" oh my god so much disappointment, I almost cried. This game wants to look like these """"new generation"""""" games : press a key when it's ask and you're playing, follow the mark on the map and you're done, you don't even need to pay attention to the story. I don't want to finish this game it's too flat to play....."
76561197990128508,Recommended,239160,14398505,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wolf009CP,"Yeah, well the graphics are great, mantle works perfectly with the game, for amd card gamers, and Ive heard pretty bad stuff about this game, but so far, im really likeing it. BUY IT NOW! before the steam sale ships away....welll worth what I payed."
,Not Recommended,239160,14398801,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vitharr,"Somewhat enjoyable, but only when it actually works, which is rare. So darn buggy. It tried to be flashy and cool, and completely lacks anything that makes it any fun for longer than a couple hours. Does not live up to the originals."
76561198034210176,Not Recommended,239160,14124144,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DK,"My choice was a hard decision to make as I hate having to choose between Recommend and Don't. If there was a middle ground option, I would have selected that.Thief is not a horrible game but it is a profoundly disappointing one. When considering the history that comes with the title, to say that this game does not live up to the franchise expectations would be a massive understatement. Ultimately this game feels unpolished as if the developers released it 6 months before it was ready to ship (and never did any customer QA). Bugs and questionable design plauge Thief throughout. Don't get me wrong... there are moments of brilliance here as well but they are so few and far between that the experience becomes a hard slog trying to find those rare gems.Towards the end of the game (including completing all side quests), I just wanted the game to be over with to get some closure on the whole experience. After the disappointing ending (I won't throw out any spoilers but trust me... it's bad) I couldn't get this game off of my harddrive fast enough.I loved the earlier Thief games and played through them several times but I know that I will never reinstall this game again (and it does sadden me to say that). If you are a huge fan of the series, you may want to give this a try but understand you are going to have to wade through a lot of garbage to find those elements you love.  5/10Pros:- Atmosphere - they really do get the old city feel right- Garret Animation - the 1st person perspective uses a lot of hand animations which are very convincing- Game Mechanics/Motor Skills - Garret's acrobatics feels right and offer some additional tricks to the older ""one arrow to rule them all"" theme- Guard Suspicion Meter - The system used to show guards suspicion meter was well implemented- Lockpicking - I found the lockpicking to be a fun mini-game. Eventually it does get old but some of my favorite moments of the game was trying to pick a lock quickly before a gaurd came back in the room.- Mansion/Brothel - The Baron's Mansion and the Brothel are fun levels and feel the closest to the original Thief levels- Asylum - This level is a little cliche but is creepy (if you are into that sort of thing)- Side Quests - These came pretty late in the game but served to break up the monotony of the main questCons:- Controls - Saved on the learning curve but having one button do everything (jump, swoop, climb, open) made the game feel console based- Load Screens - The city and each level are divided by big loading screens which breaks the immersion significantly. Note that these are in-game and not between missions like in the original Thief series.- Travel Animations - Opening windows and traveling between city sections contain neat animations that lose their luster after you have seen them 200+ times.- Level Design - This is a Linear game through and through... The level will have one path you need to go through but disguise giving you options by presenting two obvious ways (always high and low) to access that one path. This is true even for the city-scape which was a huge missed opportunity.- Gameplay mechanics - Ultimately the gameplay mechanics are too light for a game of this size. The puzzles presented are interesting for the first few levels but it feels like the devs ran out of ideas some way through the game and began using the same 4 or 5 obstacles repeatedly without mixing it up.- Audio/Pathing Bugs - The audio for this game is ridiculously buggy.. I lost count of the errors I encountered but often had to reload so I could here some important feature. Likewise there is a pathing bug that I witnessed probably 10 times where an NPC sprite will begin swirling in place.- Stats Tracking Bugs - By far the most frustrating, some of the levels don't track your in-game stats correctly (Ch3 and 4 are big offenders) so at the end of the level it will tell you that you played the level differently than you actually did.- Dogs - Dogs are static NPCs (being stuck in cages). I imagine this was decided due to budget but it feels like a missed opportunity- Noise floor panels - The old thief noise meter and moss arrows are replaced with broken glass and puddles which are a poor replacement and at times doesn't fit with the level look and feel- Story/Plotline - This is probably one of the worse in-game stories I've encountered. Not sure who wrote this but they should look for a new craft... the story is full of plot-holes, poorly thought out characters and questionable storytelling.- Cutscenes - The cutscenes are beautiful but are largely unnecessary (especially considering the lousy plot) and serve to break the immersion- Side Quests - These were two few and far between and felt like an afterthought. These had an opportunity to turn the game into a completely different experience but ultimately the dev team dropped the ball.- Late-Game Salesmen - In the later levels, in order to give you an opportunity to purchase more supplies while you are in the level, they actually hide equipment salesmen in sewers and in closets in the same houses you are breaking into... it's just weird and immersion breaking- Bosses - I hate bosses in most games but in this game they were just awful. It's supposed to be a sneaking game for @&$&!-sake why are you forcing us through an action scene?"
76561198072029927,Recommended,239160,14102678,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,PapaSucc,"It is true that this game does not follow the previous thiefs and does not have the best story tied to it, if those are what matter to you than dont purchase it. But from a gameplay stand point this had me coming back for more everytime. The stealth is very suspensful and fun. But you can charge in if you'd like. You have all sorts of hidden ways to get to the same objective allowing you to get creative with your experiance. The graphics are very attractive on pc format and i would recommend this any day of the week."
,Not Recommended,239160,14110880,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Combat Wombat,"Well... this is frustrating. Let that be the headline for this review.I played Thief back in the day and I still recall trembling with glee as I saw its cover and realized that someone had really made the game I always dreamed they would. And it was everything I hoped for and then some. I've played them all since then and even though Thief III started to lean towards the dull precipice of console gaming, I still enjoyed a lot of it and preordered this reboot. I shouldn't have and I'm never paying for something they haven't made yet again. Ok so:Good things:The graphics capture the atmosphere really well. Certain parts of the city feel exactly like I imagine old London or something felt and that' very cool.Bad things:And that's why this is so bloody frustrating. They had the tools, they'd made the setup for this game and then they dropped it on the floor. The story is weak and not particularly engaging. Garret isn't his old self and a bit too emo. The level design is far from inspiring and you're mostly dragged along a linear course with no planning and few options. Moving the character around feels a bit clumsy and ancient which was fine in 99 but not so much now. Worst of all though: the sound is utterly messed up. You can't tell where voices come from and that's just not ok in a stealth game. It breaks immersion and makes it really hard to navigate the darkness in a stealthy way.In the end we needed more missions, more planning, less moving back and forth over the same (admittedly fairly gorgeous) cityscape. We needed a protagonist with a cynical story and his good old sarcastic approach to everything and one that felt like you were moving around a master thief and not a clunky dude from 99.This game was a big let-down. It wasn't all bad, it's playable, but it had SO much potential and could so easily have been a lot more. Frustrating."
76561197996722445,Not Recommended,239160,14111818,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,BMO,total♥♥♥♥♥♥cannot believe I preordered this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you
76561198003163927,Recommended,239160,14112833,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MG,"Before this game was released I was hyping myself up for it, I played through thief: the dark shadows once more to remember how good it was. I was all ready I had finished dark shadows just a couple of days before the release of this one. I was al ready to go...and I was let down. I didn't touch the game for a year before I strayed back to it determined to finish it as it was now part of my ever growing backlog.A year later without all the hype and anticipation behind it I have come to realise something. This game isn't all that bad, it has a competent stealth mechanic on hard mode where you do sometimes have to think rapidly or find out how to avoid the patrol of the guards. The story line is interesting in as far as it takes you to interesting locales. The voice acting and dialogues are okay. The visuals are nice, the shadow and light effects really play well with each other, even though you are sometimes standing in the shadows while your compass indicates you are standing in the brightest of light. (which is a bit weird)This game is enjoyable to play as long as you don't try and find the original thief trilogy in here. Enjoy it for a standalone game about a thief who gets involved in a mystical complot. The story ends on a point where it hints at a possible sequel but seeing the current state of the studio which I made I would not get your hopes up. In the end this game is one you should play as  fan of the stealth genre and just enjoy it for what is is."
,Recommended,239160,13218118,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,bisiklet ve kedi,"<h1> I have an issue with this game</h1>I used save slot naturelly but when I load the game, suddenly the main character stucked in front of window. So, I can't play! I have screnshot."
,Recommended,239160,13218469,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MisterKrinkle99,"A divisive game if there ever was one, the best way to enjoy this game is to not constantly think ""They should have done this or that or the other instead. Gah! What where they thinking?"" Admittedly, if you are a fan of the classics (as I am) this is difficult to achieve. This game will constantly live in there shadow, and it becomes increasingly difficult to judge it based on what it is, rather than what it is not. That being said, what IS Thief? It is an exceptional and engaging stealth experience that drips with murky victorian atmosphere. It grabs hold of you, and rarely (in my opinion) does anything stupid to violently rip you from the immersion. And the few times it does can be forgiven because when you ARE immersed in its gameplay and atmosphere, it is some of the deepest immersion one can experience in video games. Period. Granted, even based on what it is, it still has sound glitches and AI hiccups, on top of a story full of diminishing returns that fizzles out at the eleventh hour. But this is Thief, and if there is one thing it gets 100% right, it's the actual thieving. There is enough of that (and atmosphere) to make up for any shortcomings, at least in my book."
76561197971874482,Recommended,239160,13638442,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"TLDR:  Decent to good sneaking game that's brought down by several flaws.I'll start with what's done right.  Very well done sneaking mechanics, especially if the AI is placed on Master difficulty.  Being completely unseen is actually a challenge, you can't just club every guard you see and move on.  It's enjoyable that it allows a reward for different playstyles as well.  The Voice Actor they got to replace the original Garrett is supriringly good, as well.  The levels have an interesting variety to them, with a smattering of short but sweet small missions added to the larger main plot ones.  Choosing your own upgrades adds a fun sense of agency to what kind of thief you want to play.The downsides are that the cutscenes and overall plot get a little silly and disjoint at times.  Also the city hub is kind of a pain when really all we're interested in is more levels.  Additionally the levels weren't as wide and sprawling as you'd really like. If you're looking for a story masterpiece, I would move on, but if you're looking for a game where you get to have fun stealing things and evading guards, this is it.  Just absolutely put it on Master difficulty.A lot of people are disappointed because they say the first two thief games are 'better', but I went back and replayed them and.. to be honest they weren't, despite me having a lot of nostalgia for them as well.  The mechanics were a pain to deal with, the plot was just as disjoint, the only major upsides were that the Garrett voice actor did amazing work as well as the two iconic guard voices and various town conversations adding a lot of charm that didn't quite make it into this game."
76561197976156435,Recommended,239160,13312657,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,JRCNetworks,The enemy AI isnt great but the game still had a lot of challenging sections to it and I enjoyed playing it through to the end.
76561198012179399,Recommended,239160,13301472,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Sgt.Slaughter,"Interesting and challenging. I am biased thought, I am a big fan of stealth games."
76561197972259714,Not Recommended,239160,9312208,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sinmox,"not worth your time, just play dishonored instead - you'll pull out alot less hair and teeth that way. I wanted to love this game, I truly did. I just can't."
,Not Recommended,239160,9312217,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,VF1J Veritech,"I had been waiting for this game a long time, but it is a disappointment.  The controls are ridiculous, there's no real ability to fight if you're caught, and the gameplay is too stiff.  It acts like its open-world, but it's not.  The map's pretty much useless.  The only good thing you can say about it is that they spent a bucket-load on graphics and skin textures (though the hair textures are relatively sloppy when compared to the others).  It really removes you from any kind of submersion when you have to fight with it.  Most waste of money this year on a game."
,Recommended,239160,9312430,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,voldtektsmann,"Hard to play because for some reason I lag on any setting despite having a pretty good system (I5-4570, 770 SC, 8 gigs of RAM etc. etc.) but I can see my feet.GOTY."
,Recommended,239160,9312642,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,eedro,"Don't Belive all the reviews. This game is a true-to-form reboot of the Theif Game.The game is fun and imersive. A Theif game is not about going in and killing the badguy and getting the girl. Its about avoiding the guards and trying to think/trick your way through multiple situations.The only complaints that i have is that at some parts of the game it is difficult to move forward simply because while you know what you need to do, you don't know what button to press to make the game character do it. The city map is a bit confusing to navigate and you will often find yourself only a few feet away from your goal, only to discover you need to take a convulated route just to get to the other side of a wall.All in all this is a good games with a decent story while being both fun and entertaining."
,Recommended,239160,9312687,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Stadacona,"If you liked thief 3, you will feel right at home. The game shares a few things with Dishonored too. The gameplay is improved in my opinion compared to past thief games: more polished, more variety and more gameplay ingredients.The level design is mostly excellent, but the game obviously suffered from technical limitations that hampered the design team's vision(the city hub is very fragmented, which leads to tons of loadings and in turn, breaks the immersion and flow of the game. I play on a recent pc with an ssd so this issue is fairly mitigated. Be warned though.So despite the city hub being a major flaw, the different missions and content is pretty much what i expected from this game, and i recommend you get this if you've ever played a Thief game. Know what you're getting into."
,Recommended,239160,9312706,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Narthlex,"Fantastic gameplay, amazing graphics. I am only halfway through and its one of the best I've played in a while."
,Recommended,239160,9313113,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TeX,Awsome just as good as all the other Thief games !
76561197970497330,Recommended,239160,9313511,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,marshb63,"As a long time TTDP player, I wasn't sure the new game would measure up but it surprised me greatly. A very atmospheric game brought up to modern standards. I would however highly recomend using an X-box controller, it makes the game play flow much much more smoothly. I am a little disapointed that major lore points didn't make it into this edition, hopefully the sequal will have the old gang (Keepers, Hammerites, Pagans) making thier triumphant return!"
,Recommended,239160,9310525,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,OssyTuna,Gimme all your gold and jewels
,Recommended,239160,14048978,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Red Pharaoh,"Before you continue reading please know that the only other Thief games I ever played was Thief 3.I see a lot of reviews bashig the game for the ""bad story"" and ""ripped off gameplay"", I think they are wrong.The story is actually well written, and makes sense. While all the factions that was in thief 3 seemed to have suddenly vanished in this game, the level design still acknowledges their existence (Garret, however, doesn't use the faction names to describe them for some reason (i.e. You get to visit an abandoned keeper compound but Garret doesn't even say that he knows this place), perhaps to avoid confusion for new players?) The only thing bothering me is the  removal of Garret's mechanical eye (I thought it was cool but maybe they thought it was too futuristic or smth idk), and maybe the addition of ""Erin"" as an old friend/apprentice? I neevr heard of that name in Thief 3Cutscenes are a major imrovement over Thief 3, in that after the scene is ove, you are standing exactly where you were when it ended, unlike in Thief 3, where you magically teleport from being in the corner at the end of a cutscene to being near the door on the other end of the room.Gameplay is fun, intuitive, and doesn't deviate too much from its predecessors. you get to hide in the shadows, a light gem determines how ""invisible"" you are. The ""swoop"" ability and climbing sound like a natural upgrade (but butthurt people complain that it's ripped off of Dishonored and Assassin's Creed), in Thief 3 you could buy a pair of gloves that allowed you to climb onany vertical surface made of stone, do you think that made for a better gameplay?All in all this is a great game, people who were up to the lore of the older games will be both dissapointed (Retconned stuff) and appeased (unnamed but obvious faction ruins), and the game keeps up to its reputation of containing supernatural events and creatures (although this time the creatures are muc less variating than the old games :(, but people keep mentioning burricks which is nice)My recommendation: Buy it, but preferably on sale."
76561198162359357,Recommended,239160,14438359,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,joe_stapf,"Not all Doom & Gloom.Just ignore the silly bits and have fun!  You have to chuckle a bit here and there -- having a character standing around peeing the entire time your playing the game.  Also, apparently, something that did carry over from the other Thief games is when you knock someone out, it is considered a knockout... however, if toss their body over an edge with a long-ish drop, it will kill them.Runs smooth on my system, even though I have low specs -- Everthing set to low @1280x720.  Geforce GT 630 (384 cuda core version), AMD FX 6100."
76561198140265455,Recommended,239160,14456502,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nickel Pickle,Cool game
,Recommended,239160,14426769,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jeb!,"Many people are not a fan of this game but despite the low play hours I love it! Its nice, pretty, sleek, and smooth. I mean there is bugs here and there but every game has them. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,239160,14431043,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,H0LMZTRUp,"Nice and fun, but to truly master the game you have to replay missions, and this doesn't work well. I would love to replay some of the missions, but unfortunatly this process doesn't work really well! 3 out 5 start!"
,Recommended,239160,14431105,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Aggressively Pansexual Ninja,"Loads of fun, as challenging as you like, and more than a few surprises in store. But it's also packed with glitches and poor audio, so I don't recomend buying it unless it's on sale. Which it is, and will be again I'm sure."
76561198071175087,Recommended,239160,14473746,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,votka,amazing game with a great story line.
76561197976420818,Recommended,239160,14473764,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Vargencriss,"I'm  a huge fan of the thief serie since ""the dark project""this game is good, its all about stealing everything, and searching for more."
76561198105365780,Recommended,239160,14525453,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,WhiteRevenant,"Amazing graphics jump, good AI system, all around an awesome game."
,Recommended,239160,14542226,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Differ3nT,"A good game, it could be better if the story was explained, cuz if you haven't played the previous games, you wouldn't understand anything. I got this from a sale, and i would say, only the $ex scenes cost more than i paid. 8/10"
,Recommended,239160,14560307,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Grassfed butter reverses disease,"I dunno', I love this game. I'm a huge fan of the older Thief games so I was excited about this one for awhile. When I first got it, I was pretty dissapointed, mostly because it doesn't ""flow"" well. It's hard to know where you're supposed to go, what you're supposed to do, and figure out how it all works. But once you ""get"" it, once you understand how this game plays, it's a lot of fun. Pressing F1 and using the objective markers really helps, also checking your secondary objectives for each main and side mission. Side missions don't count towards your main mission progression, so if you're like me and prefer not killing people at all in Thief games (You can beat every Thief game without killing a single person), the side missions with ""kill"" side objectives are fine to do.  You start getting better at looking for what you're supposed to look for and seeing things like where to rope arrow, using blunt arrows to change environment, remaining un-detected, and pick pocketing without knocking out guards. You learn behavior patterns with guards, how they patrol, how they interact with each other, how to avoid light and sound, when to be high and to be low, everything that makes this game an absolute blast for Thief fans. It's not without imperfections and could use a little more polish, but it's not as bad as everyone says it is.In fact, the game is quite fun and good. If you're looking for the new age crap like Dishonored or Assassin's Creed that are just bad versions of the original Thief, then you won't find it here. If you're looking for the next proper game in the Thief series and are willing to sink some time learning the new mechanics in this game, you'll love it and have many hours to sink into. Is it as good as the older Thief games? I'm not sure yet, but I'm certainly enjoying it as I enjoyed those back in 1990s.Pro tip: Find the random shop NPCs scattered around the main City hub and change the tabs of what they have to offer, buy the tools like wirecutter, wrench and the others ASAP. It really opens up a lot of what you can do and helps you start collecting all the collectables and gives you additional paths and options. As with every Thief game, you can beat it without killing a single person and there are many different viable paths you can take for each mission."
,Recommended,239160,14569736,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Darvius,"A very nice game. Forget about Thief, the original one. This one lacks a little of the imersion present on the first games but then, if you grab a nice headset and ignore a few ""derp"" voice acting here and there, you'll find it as amazing as any other stealth game.Of course it have a few elements that make it easy (casual, perhaps), but that's a natural evolution on most games. I never had a bug or a problem with saves so, compared to other experiences with AAA games, this one went as smooth as I could ask for.Oh, I got it on sale so... For a cheap game, it totaly worth the money. Watch a few gameplays (the story isn't that good anyways) and maybe you'll like it as I did!"
76561197980099138,Not Recommended,239160,14486523,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Snowkatt,"No! Do not play this game! After having LOVED Looking Glass Studio's versions of Thief 1, 2, and 3, I just could not believe the horror-show that this so-called Thief game has become. No free-world exploration, no creative problem solving, nothing remains that made the original games so beloved. You're forced to stay on the path, click at the right time, and are not allowed to do anything that the devs didn't want you to do. Should be embarrassed to call itself a ""Thief"" game of any kind. LAME!"
,Recommended,239160,14491875,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Orange Juice,"Great game! A combination of assassin's creed and hitman with the stealth and aggresion. Totally reccomend this game. However, the sound wouldn't be in sync in some scenes when i'm playing though, hope this is fixed fast"
,Recommended,239160,15619434,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,o.0@Infinity*-*Cat-ality@0.o,Gold here?no...Shiny bracelets?damn it suits me!Oh a guard...Smack is face! 10/10
,Recommended,239160,15992311,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Alex Jones's Terminal Cancer,"Pros-good graphics-Customizable game mechanics- smooth animation- great voice actor for the main character- great stealth system- nice portCons- the story is just meh- some glitching (like with most games)Overall, If you are looking for a game with a good story, I don't recommend this for you. However, if you are really into stealth games (like me) and care about the mechanics more than the story, this game is for you.Rating: 8.1 out of 10"
76561198060287194,Not Recommended,239160,16017610,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,theDeb0nair,"I mean, it's not very good, honestly. The game is pretty slow.I'd choose Dishonored over this."
,Not Recommended,239160,15830831,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,TheNickname,The game is extremelly buggy. Uncomfort running mechanic. And game turn from stealing to walking to goal after Asylum.7/10 Stealing is still satisfying.
,Not Recommended,239160,15894495,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Slusher,Tried 5 hours to actually like itBest lesson i learned is never preorder
76561198168156958,Recommended,239160,15971882,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,lawsonmc88,"You should really like Thieving styled games, there is not a lot of combat. If you engage in combat, good luck. Hope you have combat perks unlocked. The audio and video were not in sync, may be just my problem though. Not an A-list but if you can accept the small flaws it has, it's so much fun. Ended kind of quick though so make sure you enjoy some of the side missions before you hit Chapter 8!"
,Recommended,239160,15850842,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Someone,"If you like Dishonored, you may like this too."
76561197982428285,Recommended,239160,15853736,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,dbdarwin,"First of all I never played the original Thief games; I was too busy playing Tomb Raider, so I can't make a comparison. That being said I have to say I really enjoy this game (haven't finish playing it yet). It has a loose tided in story, great graphics, nice cut scenes. I am a fan of Dishonored and I find this game very similar as a stealth mode type of game. The only complaint I have so far is a personal one; I would like to open doors not related to the story, if you can unlock/open one door you should be able to open them all, however this a minor point and would have sent you to areas not related to each individual quest. It is not a perfect game, but the next one (if there is to be one), can learn from the minor mistakes from this one. Over all very enjoyable, has replay value, best played on a good graphics card and CPU (presently playing on a Phenom II X4 965 3.4 MZH and a AMD FX 8350 graphics 4.0 MHZ graphics cars, both overclocked. I recommend buying this when on sale."
,Recommended,239160,15723500,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,I Think this game is good but it isnt for everyone if you are looking for a stealth game then you've come to the right placeif you're looking for a thief sequal then you are not going to like itThief(2014) is a modernization Thief the original isnt perfect and wouldnt appeal to the current generationThis is Dishornered but in the thief universeP.S ♥♥♥♥ THAT JUMPSCARE MISSION
76561198054593098,Recommended,239160,15895584,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ZachZachAttack,"ThiefThis game looks fantastic but I would prefer Dishonored over this any day. The controls are a little tough to get use to but all in all, it looks great. If you would like a challenge and not to much story, then buy this game if not then ignore it and buy Dishonored."
,Recommended,239160,16509457,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Koda(阮),"This game has it's flaws, like horrible AI, but the gameplay and the dark storyline is amazing."
,Recommended,239160,16515145,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Old Scratch,"Generally I like stealth games, but stealth only really works for me when the combat works too. The story is okay I guess, and the levels fun, atleast the Bank DLC is for me. Garet has some okay commontary too so that makes it feel lighter.6/10 I sapped some nerds at a library."
76561198146765596,Recommended,239160,16490377,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,fun game brings the hitman stealth and the deus ex combat. plus takes from original roots
,Recommended,239160,16454319,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,pesk,"I have been playing this game off and on for awhile since release. Yes, it is a reboot of the name. Yes, the environment is dark and gritty. Yes, it is made in the same theme as the original. The levels are linear there is no denying it, but I personally like the level of detail that this game has. Texture's pop and are crisp, the ambient sounds whether it's heavy rain, foot steps, a person snoring, etc. add realism to the game.There is a lot of complaints how easy this game is and how it does not stay true to the stealth genre. If you want a greater challenge, a lot has recommended to increase the difficulty to the highest and get rid of the HUD.Bottom line, the game is solid and you should atleast give it a try. Whether its for sneaking around or just admiring the artwork, it's truly a beautiful game."
76561198018575375,Not Recommended,239160,16458989,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rasmus,"Somewhere in the middle, chapter 5 or 6 i believe, the game changes to some sort of horror game where you run around in an insane asylum filled with jump scares and creepy sounds. I bought the game because i like stealth games, and while it's maybe not a very good one, i was enjoying it at a heavy discount. But i got 10 minutes in to that chapter and i just quit and uninstalled the game. No warnings, no hints or anything. The genre on Steam is even action. So if you, like me, don't like horror games this is probably not for you."
76561197961412521,Recommended,239160,13703608,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mad,make sure your above min specs and run this beutiful game. Impressivly its not just a remake but a full fledged varient in the tradition of the original thief.
