user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,239200,8819796,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,misterhaan,"To fans of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this game is a huge disappointment.  To start with the good, it excels at creating atmosphere.  There are some great scenes and very fitting music.  You get a small taste of a story that would probably have been interesting if they told you more of it, but then that’s all there is.They give you an unlimited light source and simplify all other parts of the gameplay so you can just stroll through the one path they left you and let them tell you the story, which feels like a movie adaptation of a book where you can tell something's missing unless you've read the book, but there's no book.I can’t understand why they used the Amnesia title for this game which plays NOTHING like The Dark Descent.  It would have been a sort of okay game if they hadn’t tried to associate it with Amnesia, but since they did it's actually misleading on top of mediocre, so I recommend ignoring it and waiting for whatever comes out of Frictional next."
,Not Recommended,239200,8266531,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Snake Oil Salesman,"First of all, this game was not developed by Frictional. It was developed by The Chinese Room: the studio behind Dear Escher. When I discovered that during its development, I became skeptical as to the quality of this game. I did, however, respect that it was a spiritual successor of Amnesia: The Dark Decent, and figured that it still had the opportunity to be an intriguing horror experience. I was incorrect.My first complaint comes from simplified mechanics, of which there are barely any at all. The inventory system has been removed entirely, and with both health and sanity. Managing health becomes trivial, as there are no situations in which you must do so, while sanity has been removed altogether. Hiding in the darkness no longer has its trade offs, while looking at the monsters does nothing. Monsters now only make your electric lamp flicker from quite distance away, removing the fear of their presence. This is part of another changed mechanic: oil conservation has been done away with as well in favor of the infinite energy electric lamp. At this point, only the levels themselves are left to make the game live up to its predecessor, which they don't.The game has been designed to be insultingly linear. Each level is a single, straight, path with no choices on how to proceed. The vast majority of monster encounters are scripted, along with a dozen or so out of place shock scares (I could reveal all of them and not spoil the plot). The levels themselves are badly designed and a pain to navigate, with large inaccessible areas and crappy lighting only made worse by the infinite lamp. The puzzles are all remarkably simple now that the inventory is gone. The only thing that makes this worse is the writing of the story.In the first act, The Chinese Room makes sure you know they made it by coming in so heavy with metaphors that you can't decipher any real context until you are a good amount into the game. As you try to ground yourself in the game's story, TCR continuously throws ""deeper meaning"" straight at your face until the story becomes completely drowned in its own pretentious metaphors and symbolism by the third act in a way that is relatable to the Matrix trilogy. The only parts of the story that feel as though they actually belong in the Amnesia universe are the references to the original game (albeit with one glaring inconsistency).TL;DR:Overall, I disapprove of this game. The mechanics are simplified, the levels are horribly designed, and the story feels like it was written by an undergraduate art student. If you have never played Amnesia: The Dark Decent, buy that instead. If you have played it, then still don't buy this. Wait for SOMA."
,Recommended,239200,7811222,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jusunor,"I really don't think this game should be called ""Amnesia"" as it doesn't really have anything in common with the first game, except some loose distant connection through story. If you are looking for a survival horror game, there isn't really any ""survival"" or not even that much ""horror"" or ""game"" in this one. The first 90 minutes of this game are frightning as heck, but once you have encountered a few enemies and discovered that they aren't really much of a threat at all, the scary part is over. No feeling of being hunted, no brilliant AI, no mazes, no proper puzzles, no physics or interactivity etc, just a linear path.However, having cleared that out of the way I'm still giving this one thumbs up. Amnesia 2 is about the atmosphere and sense of mystery. Players expecting a challenge or interesting game mechanics are going to be deeply disappointed, but those seeking a good twisted story will get some moderately creepy and disturbing experience. This story has so many levels that it would require an entire book or something to go through all the possible theories. Some claim that despite the effort put into the writing, the plot isn't really that great or sophisticated either, but although it does has some problems, I think it does at least occasionally succeed. From story or atmosphere viewpoint Amnesia 2 is still an average game and if that's your thing, I recommend it.- 4 hours put into the game, 8 hours put into arguing (speculating) about what the story of Machine for Pigs is about"
,Recommended,239200,12680395,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Trafox,"Play for the story and the creepy atmosphere. No horror game excels Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs in those regards.IMPORTANT NOTE to anyone who has played Amnesia: The Dark Descent:Please do not take this game as a sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. What many people do wrong with this game is that they go with the mindset of the previous Amnesia - going for the horror.Now, I'm not saying it's wrong to play horror games for the horror in them, and it definitely is not a surprise why people think of this as a sequel, what with the blaring ""Amnesia"" in the name. However, while the game does make an occasional reference to the original, it's significantly better to think of this as a stand-alone game.Amnesia: The Dark Descent was made by Frictional Games. They have made a name for themselves by bringing back the horror in the horror genre. Their games have that creeping atmosphere that you can never be rid of. From Penumbra: Black Plague onwards, they took a theme of defenselessness, which definitely has been a big asset.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs was made by The Chinese Room. When Frictional Games thought about making a sequel to the Amnesia series, they decided to have an other company make it instead. Being impressed by Dear Esther, they approached The Chinese Room for sharing similar mindsets in their game development. Frictional Games did not want The Chinese Room to make a game that is similar to the original, they wanted them to make a game in their own way.Two different companies make a game of the same world, with the same theme. It's obvious there'll be differences.From Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, you'll get to experience a creepy, gross, horrifying story of a mad man trying to redeem himself.From Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you'll get a full-blown horror blast in your face. Scrreeeaaaam."
,Not Recommended,239200,9500764,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,[AoS]Bullett,"Firstly, it's very short. I don't rush stuff and tend to explore but this game doesn't really reward that, there is nothing to collect no scarcity or danger of running out of light. The notes are just about the only extra to find and they didn't drive me enough after the first half to actually go looking.Secondly, there is not much of an actual game here. The few puzzles that do exist are embarrassingly simple so it's mostly just you walking around avoiding the occasional pig man and listening to the story.Ah, the story. Bit of a cliche, but of course the memory loss is expected based on the title. Other things that happen don't get much better and the plot completely gets lost up its own behind in the last half hour.On the positive side the atmosphere, music and sound design is excellent and builds a bit of tension early on. That this is squandered later is a shame.Is it worth getting? if it's cheap and you've played Amnesia:TDD then give it a go but there is probably somethign better."
,Not Recommended,239200,8613039,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,laser,"Machine for Pigs is quite unfortunately, a letdown.The Chinese Room manages to prove that they are adept at crafting a world, and yet throw it all away over the course of the ""game"" - which contains the same or more exposition as the first Amnesia, and about a fifth of the puzzles.You'll be continually frightened by pig squels in the early part of the game, but you are very rarely in any real danger of dying or being attacked. Most angry MANPIGS are running along on scaffolding above or below you, and are mostly used as set dressing. As you move deeper into the game (especially if you're following the journals & notes) you'll realize you've reached a point where finding MANPIGS wouldn't make sense - and as such you don't. However, the game keeps up with it's eerie sound effects and music queues to a myriad of empty rooms & squandered settings. This retroactively negates the creepiness of the same queues you've been hearing all game.Also, the only times I was genuinely scared were from ""jump scares"", that seemed mostly out of place ""AHHH! THE FLOOR COLLAPSED!"" or ""AHHH! I SEEM TO HAVE BEEN TELEPORTED TO A RANDOM MAZE INCONSISTENT WITH THE REST OF THE GAME'S TONE"".If you're looking for a weird story, I would advise you to check this game out. However, fans of Amnesia or Penumbra will be disappointed."
,Recommended,239200,24674395,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,me me mud boy,"People do not do this game justice. First-timers generally recommend this game. Those returning from Amnesia - The Dark Descent, the prequal, generally do not. There's of course something to note about that fact, but it does not ruin the game if you've got the mind to follow the story of Amnesia - A Machine For Pigs.If you loved ATDD, you may have mixed feelings about this one. It isnotlike the other, so be aware of that. Many game mechanics from ATDD are not present in AMFP, such as inventory and puzzle items, sanity drain or oil for your lantern. Therefore, if you have high expectations of this game being like its predecessor, then you will join the group of people who were disappointed. If you, however, try it for what it is, I think you'll enjoy it.This game focuses on telling a narrative story. Most of the time you spend in this game is done venturing through the story at your own pace. There are notes to read if you would like to delve deeper into the story, which I highly recommend. The story is by far the best part of this game, however it can be very difficult to follow if you don't try. It's written like a poem, and should be interpreted as such. There aremanymetaphors and ""ye olden"" English-styled conversations from the Industrial Revolution period, so if you heavily disliked English class, you might struggle. Nevertheless it is an incredibly deep and wonderful story for those fortunate enough to embrace it.Some say they spent 4 hours through this game. My first play-through I believe was 8 hours. Obviously I was going very slowly through it but if you rush, you will miss the details that make it good. Take your time with it. It might not be for you if you're of the impatient type.Story, music, atmosphere, and narration is all excellent. There isn't much of gameplay though, as it's mostly just walking through this journey of a story. Think of it as an interactive movie. That's my advice. It's definitely not for everyone, so if this fits you, give it a shot. If not, well, you should know yourself."
76561198044563479,Not Recommended,239200,7755078,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ijon🌞Tichy,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a dumbed down version of Amnesia: The Dark Descent (which was a dumbed down version of the Penumbra games itself).TDD was still a good game and some of its changes were improvements over Penumbra (less clunky controls to name just one).The same CAN NOT be said about AMfP: The developers managed to remove everything from the game that made its predecessors fun without adding anything new in return, leaving behind only an empty husk of a game.There is no exploration in AMfP because it's extremely linear with virtually no alternative routes whatsoever.The hand lamp burns on forever and the inventory has been removed completely, so there's no resource management throughout the game either.The very few puzzles in the game are barely worth that name; they are almost insultingly easy and rarely more than using a picked up item at the end of linear corridor #134.On top of the game's linearity the monster encounters are, for the most part, heavily scripted and mostly consist of monsters moving in the shadows far away from the player - there are less than a handful ares in the game with free-roaming enemies where the player can actually get hurt.The following paragraph is about game mechanics, not AMfP's story. It can still potentially spoil the game's beginning to some degree, I guess. Therefore I put it in spoiler tags; you might want to skip it if you're planning to play the game sometime.Monster encounters are not only rare, the lamp also begins to flicker everytime a monster is near - usually long before it can even be seen. After noticing this the game entirely lost the little tension it had to begin with for me: I always knew when a monster would appear beforehand, when they appeared they rarely posed a danger because of their scripted nature and for whatever reason the effects directly looking at a monster had in Penumbra and TDD are gone as well (or at least toned done a lot), so the horrors that were quiet effectively left to the player's imagination in the predecessors are now shown directly, thus making the game less scary in the end.So, to sum it up: there is not much actual gameplay in Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, it is hardly a game at all.That doesn'tnecessarilyhas to be a bad thing. The same thing can probably be said about Telltale's The Walking Dead, but TWD makes up its lack of gameplay with a very well told story.However AMfP isn't very good storywise either: It's full of horror-pulp stereotypes, making it very predictable, and towards the end the story gets completely lost in a pile of pretentious symbolism.Not much is missed by skipping AMfP completely. If you liked TDD and haven't played the Penumbra games, better go for them instead - they are a lot better than this new game.Also note that AMfP was not developed by Frictional Games (who made Penumbra and TDD) but by The Chinese Room who apparently moved towards making console games by now (figures). So waiting for Frictional's game SOMA, which is currently in devolpment, could still be worthwile if it turns out closer to the games they made themselves."
76561198066253605,Recommended,239200,14138025,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SABINA,"Darkly atmospheric and beautifully rendered, I thoroughly enjoyed this one, dare I say, more than the first. It abandons the point and click Hidden Object Game mechanics in favor of exploration while masterfully building tension. That's right, it's not a HOG like it's predecessor, which was innovative for it's time and we can still see it's legacy in a brillant masterpiece like Outlast. This one is much more polished and focuses on a cinematic audio that will have you taking off your headphones and turning on the lights to make sure that was from the game and not from the burning carbuncle eyes snorting in the darkness at your window. Often hiding the horrors, it knows that what you can't see will bend your mind on all fours to imagine far worse than any engine can grind up and reanimate. The porcine genius of it all is the sqealing progression of a story line that will raise the bristles down your spine as it roots around, huffing and snuffling, in the fetid mire of your psyche."
,Recommended,239200,32678050,Posted: 23 June,all,Super Smash Brother,"This is a good game, I know people are disappointed of this game because it was not a scary game.. But it is still good though, it had good voice acting, I LOVE the infinite lantern idea because I don't need to refill with oil anymore, love the no sanity meter idea, love the music, love the no inventory idea, love the shortness, I REALLY love this game."
,Not Recommended,239200,8463398,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,longo dongo mcbongo,"Don't let the name fool you. This is NOT Amnesia. It's Dear Esther 2: A Machine for Pigs.Now, don't get me wrong. I loved Dear Esther. It was a wonderful experiment in video game storytelling, and I enjoyed every minute of it. AMFP, though, was different. I bought the game expecting a long, immersive, and scary journey through one of the scariest game worlds ever created. What I got was less than satisfactory. Too much of what made the first game great was cut, such as the inventory and sanity system, and the game just... wasn't scary. The monsters all looked the same with no fear factor at all, and there were no heart-pounding moments that were so welcome in The Dark Descent to be found. The only real positives I have are praise for the level of detail put into the world, the soundtrack, and the decent story.If you're looking for a short, narrative-driven adventure that betrays the very name it carries, give it a shot. For everyone else, stay away."
,Not Recommended,239200,7863402,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"This is nowhere near as good as the original Amnesia, I don't think it was the same team designing it, and it shows. A lot of really glaring bad game design choices for this game. Also it adds nothing to the genre and isn't scary at all. I mean pigs. Pigs just aren't scary, you kind of pity them instead.I anticipated this game eagerly, based on the fun I had in the original, but this game falls short, and its a challenge to bother to even play it. So I am severely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,239200,16463199,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ww,"If you called this game by any other name, I wouldn't have even known it was from the amnesia franchise.Steer away from this game if you're expecting it to be anything like the first amnesia game... or a horror game in general."
,Recommended,239200,30965874,Posted: 5 April,all,Nox,"I can understand the disappointement for this game, the game was pretty hyped in it's time but honestly I think the bad ratings are a bit too much. It's not a bad game, it didn't meet the high expectations that people had but I mean I've seen ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games on Steam and this is alright. It's just different than the first game, in my opinion since it's kind of average just wait for a sale so I do recommend this game. Give it a go and don't expect much out of it."
,Not Recommended,239200,7514907,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Dr Bob,"If you're expecting another survival horror like the original Amnesia then turn around, because this is a more linear game that focuses more on telling a pretty poor story in favour of creating interesting gameplay scenarios."
,Not Recommended,239200,16409124,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Perpetually Busy Fax,"Looks pretty and the voice acting is good, but the scares are anemic (you don't ever explicitly ""die"" in the game for poorly justified in-universe reasons, killing any and all tension just because some moron at thechineseroom thought that would be worth doing to justify what essentially amounts to an in-universe replacement for a quicksave/quickload), the story and themes induce eye-rolling rather than dread (PIGS PIGS PIGS PIGS HUMANS ARE PIGS IN THE ETERNAL MACHINE OF SOCIETY ARE YOU SCARED BY THIS EXTREMELY GENERIC AND OVERUSED METAPHOR YET?, and too much streamlining of puzzles (I like streamlining of needless complexity and menus when it's done well but A Metaphor for Pigs took it a bit too far in my eyes) makes the actual game lack any true challenge or meat to it. Oh, and it can be beaten in less than four hours.Skip this porker. It's all sizzle and no steak... er, bacon."
76561198076430190,Not Recommended,239200,18135270,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Captain Capslock,"We've all heard most of what needs to be said about Machine for Pigs.In short; it's more Dear Esther than Amnesia.The Chinese Room butchered Frictional Game's good reputation they made with The Dark Descent.---The real reason I've decided to finally post a review is because on my second playthrough it literally took me less than 5 minutes to get stuck in the map. I encounter a machine that needs a fuse, find a new fuse, install the fuse, notice there's a second fuse so I bring it along with me assuming I'll need it later, come to a point where I need free hands so temporarily put the fuse down, then finally game tries to scare me by locking door behind me.Then the game tries to show clever level design by giving me access to the old location of the fuse, not at all considering the fact that I had brought it with me for most of the way, now lying on a table no longer accessible.Nice, Chine Room. Real nice."
,Recommended,239200,18478962,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bubba the Hutt,"First of, before I start this review let's go ahead and get one important/key factor out of the way...THIS IS NOT LIKE THE FIRST AMNESIA.Yes, this is not like the first Amnesia at all... this is due to the fact that FRICTIONAL GAMES, did not makeA Machine for Pigs. The IP was handed off to a developer team called THE CHINESE ROOM. THE CHINESE ROOM are theones responsible for creating this game and FRICTIONAL GAMES, was only involved in PUBLSHING (NOT CREATING)but publishing this game. The Chinese Room are also the author's of the narrative driven game Dear Esther.So in short, AAMFP is a game that is highly different than it's predecessor TDD(The Dark Descent.)Let's do a quick run through of Pros vs Cons.Pros:-Good Atmosphere-Good Story-Good GraphicsCons:-Not as frightful-Easier Puzzles-The Tension that builds early is quickly lost.The game itself is narrative driven, more so than the original Amnesia. The story presented in AAMFP is told and built quite well and solid in my opinion. It all led up to a more than predictable climatic ending however. The main difference I noticed between AAMFP and TDD is that often I found myself rushing through AAMFP content at times looking for the next scare/enemy interraction. There is significantly less interraction with enemies in AAMFP which in turn leads to long peroids of time where you're either exploring or solving mediocre puzzles such as changing a bulb, or turning a valve. It is during these extended periods that the fear and immersive dread that was originally built up is lost. However, I still found the encounters with the enemies to be tense at times.Overall I feel that this game is worth it's retail value, I enjoyed it, I got a good imersion/scare out of playing it and the only real way to know how good this game is is to pick it up and give it a playthrough. As long as you're not expecting a Amnesia The Dark Descent v.2 I believe any true horror genre fan will enjoy this title."
,Recommended,239200,23000192,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Twirkkhu,"Holy cow, this game was rad.There'll be a handy list of all the pros and cons below if you're into that sort of thing, although it is a bit concise. If you're a patient reader who can handle a crap-ton of text (or an in-depth review, you could say) I wholeheartedly recommend you to tag along.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this game was not developed by Frictional Games, the developers behind the Penumbra games and The Dark Descent.This is a collaboration between Frictional and The Chinese Room.Frictional merely published this game.The number one complaintthis game got on release was that ""it wasn't as scary as The Dark Descent"". Heck, most even said that ""it wasn't scary at all"".I completely disagree.I found this game to be scary,most definitely so. I don't know how this came to be, but this is definitely how I felt while playing the game. You might already be thinking that I'm a colossal wuss, which I humbly deny, as this is definitely not the first horror game I've played. I went into the game with the same expectations as everyone else, thinking that it's the weakest of Frictional's titles and all that.So don't be turned off by the fact that others didn't have a scary time with this game.I surely did.Complaint number two was directed at the lack of resource management, which has been a core feature of all Frictional's past titles.This game does not feature an inventory or tinderboxes, and the lantern has infinite fuel. There is also no sanity system and health is regenerated automatically.People flipped their sh*t when they heard of this, let me tell you. I spent a good thirty minutes looking at the Metacritic user reviews for this game, and they all basically roasted the game for having ""dumbed down the gameplay to oblivion"" and ""taken away the fear of losing light"".I can see the logic behind both of these arguments, especially the latter. The former just seems silly. I actually didn't like the resource management in The Dark Descent that much, as tinderboxes were way too common and oil was really hard to find. I felt restricted because I didn't want to waste any oil. Infinite fuel seemed like a godsend if anything. Despite this, the game wasn't too bright at all, I'd say it was the opposite.The monsters were also a dissapointment for most people,and I actually kind of agree on this one. I'm not saying they weren't scary, because they were (they're monsters for a reason, duh). They just weren't ""as scary"". One of the major cons I would personally give this game is theterror meter/chase theme. Perhaps one of the most iconic pieces of audio in Frictional's games are the terror meters, which are basically the monsters' chase themes. Not only do they indicate that the monster has begun its hunt and that you should haul a**, they are a critical factor in maintaining the suspense of the chase. I'm sure everyone remembers thediabolical screechingin The Dark Descent, as it was easily distinguishable and altogether terrifying. SOMA had multiple, one for each monster type, all of which were f*cking terrifying as well.A Machine for Pigs' chase theme, when compared to the others, is a pretty big miss.It's basically machine noises. And when you take into consideration that you will be near machinery for a big part of the game, the mistake becomes clear. One time I had literally no idea that I was being hunted, just because the chase theme was so quiet and indistinguishable from the ambience. The chases were still pretty scary, but definitely lost some of the terror that the other games had.Let's now look at some things that people actually liked, for once.The story is definitely one of the major things A Machine for Pigs got right.The Chinese Room as a developer has their focus set on story-driven games, and it shows. The story is such an improvement from The Dark Descent's, which I found to be quite dull and it didn't catch my interest.As this is a story-driven game at heart, you absolutely must tag along with it and pay attention to the notes and dialogue.The writing is stellar, and the notes were a blast to read. I wouldn't say that the story reaches SOMA's level of excellence, but it's great nonetheless.Frictional's titles all possess brilliant sound design, and this is no exception.The overall audio is great, especially the voice acting. The composer isn't our beloved Mikko Tarmia this time, but Jessica Curry still managed to make an epic score suitable for a horror game like this.I haven't seen many people talking about the environments, actually. I thought that the overall milieu was certainly more interesting than in The Dark Descent. I didn't really like TDD's trite castle setting, so I eagerly awaited what this game had to offer. After my first hour with the game I was already very happy with the choice they made. As a big fan of steampunk, I found the environments quite pleasing.I guess I've covered it all now, so here's the promised list for the impatient.PROSStory is brilliant and a huge improvement over The Dark Descent's.Setting was especially pleasing to me. (Steampunk environments are fun.)Overall audio is great. (Do it justice and use headphones, please.)Yes, it can actually be scary. I went into it with the same expectations as everyone else, and still got scared plenty.THE NEUTRAL STUFF, I GUESSInventory is gone. (I actually didn't mind it at all.)Infinite light. (People are still flipping their sh*t over this. I actually like this change, f*ck resource management.)Less objects to throw...? (I don't care, neither should you.)No sanity system. (I actually don't like that you can look at the enemy all you want, but it's better than getting lasting effects from it. SOMA did this right by disrupting your vision only when you look at the damn things.)CONSThe monsters aren't as scary. (They're still scary, not justasscary.)The terror meter. (a.k.a the monster chase theme. It's very quiet and indistinguishable from the ambience, and not very scary at all.)A tad short when compared to the other games. Took me seven hours to beat, but it can be easily beaten in five.SummaryI still don't understand why people are so mad about this game. The things that they took away from this sequel aren't really that significant, and I found the changes to be quite good. The story is a huge improvement over the last game's. And yes, the game can still be scary, especially if you play it in a proper environment (at night, in the dark and with headphones. This is how every horror game should be played, for goodness' sake!).I honestly thought this was a worthy sequel. Such a shame that everyone seemed to dislike it."
,Recommended,239200,12606597,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Reyson Fox,"I will say though, I have much more respect for bacon, now that I know where it comes from. :/Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs is alright, but nowhere near in great comparison to Dark Descent. The atmosphere, sounds and story is quite good, but it lacks enemies, real puzzles and in-depth secrets. It is basically point A to Point B with no backtracking, sidestories or mods to really boot. Basically you get chased by mechanical pigs in dark. What is groovy about it though is that the audio is incredible, the SFX is riveting, and voce acting is quite good. Only thing it lacks is the fear of shadows given to you in the older installment. Get this game when it is on sale, for sure."
76561198021244204,Recommended,239200,20629724,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Darth Tiberius,"I don't understand all the hate directed at this game. People have bought this game in hopes that it would be as scary as its predecessor. Sure it's not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descend, but still, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a brilliant game. First of all, it is story-rich and has an awesome plot, although the story might be a little difficult to understand if English isn't your first language.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a very enjoyable game that is both scary & story-rich. Sure, it's got its flaws like every other game such as being very boring in the beginning (Doing almost nothing for the first 1.5 hours) but Frictional Games, teamed up with the Chinese room has created a good game. However, the absence of the ""sanity mechanic"" somewhat makes this game ""incomplete"".If you like really good stories, mixed in with some horror, then this game is for you.I'd give it a solid 7.5/10PS: ""SPOILER"" I wish we had the choice at the end of the game, of either destroying the machine, or let it do its job and ""save"" humanity."
,Not Recommended,239200,13020262,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,schouffy,"List of things that were good in Amnesia The Dark Descent:- you could light candles with limited supplies of matches- you had a lantern that could go low on fuel- you had to manage madness : stay stealthy in the dark and become mad, or get low on resources and be spotted by enemies by lighting stuff but remaining sane. It was smart and a balanced system- enemies were threatening AND frightening, and hard to outrunThis is also the list of things that have been removed in A Machine For Pigs.It is closer to Dear Esther than Amnesia. Don't buy if you're looking for a horror game.Didn't finish it, I was just bored playing it. Not frightening, not involving, not entertaining. And I've seen too many valves."
76561198124029358,Recommended,239200,31225478,Posted: 18 April,all,Dwight's In Tights,"I have mixed feelings about this game, you could play it but you will probably be dissappointed because it was a huge step back for a title with ""Amnesia"" in itPros:-The music and sound effects are great and terrifying-Story is interesting-Locations and environment are good-Gives chillsAfter playing Amnesia: the Dark Descent those are the things i couldnt ignore, it feels that the game lacks so many things, I immediately felt being cocblocked because i couldnt open all the doors and search all the drawersCons:-No inventorythis kills the purpose of exploration and collecting and risking to enter side rooms, which leads to-Point A to point B gameplaywith no side areas, therefore the only doors which are open are the ones you have to enter to get further into the game-No sanity meterStay in the dark, stare at monsters, do whatever you want: your actions are not punished, you dont have to be careful and balance being in light with a risk of being seen or sitting in the dark, raising insanity meter.-Infinite lanternYou dont have to manage the oil and use lantern only when needed, just leave it on. I understand they wanted to imply that pigmen cause electric lamp to freak out but it wasnt worth it.-No tinderboxesEverything is lighted up already, you dont have to light anything up or manage tinderboxes: no more thrill of limited view-No places to hideIf in the first Amnesia you didnt have the means to defend yourself, in this game you dont have means to hide! You dont need it because there are no enemies! and if there are you just outrun them, so no more closing doors and sitting in the dark, no more closet hiding-Cannot interract with many objectsNo more stacking boxes on top of each other, no more throwing barrels or books. Thats how you know that if you finally found something you can interact with, you will need it for puzzle-No puzzlesYou could, of course, call pulling levers or spinning wheels a puzzle, but it as dumb as it gets: walk in the room, you see there is a lever, you pull it, you go further.-Little environmental jumpscaresYes, there are such things as shaking ground and loud roars, but very little and game mostly scares you through audio, not visuals-No enemiesThere are enemies, of course, but 80% of the game youre so lonely you actually get happy when you are finally being chased-No stress, no fearThere is no tension throughout the game, it gets very predictable and dull as you progress.-No immersionMain Hero doesnt behave like Daniel in ATDD, he fails to express fearConclusion: this is my opinion and although i was very dissappointed with the game and completed it just for the sake of the story, you could still play it, go ahead and do so, but dont expect it to be like ATDD. This game doesnt live up to standards set by the first Amnesia, either, as a standalone it is more like a interactive story than a horror stealth game"
,Recommended,239200,29097006,Posted: 7 January,all,Farixy,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is the second game in the franchise and one of the five games published by Fictional Games (Not counting the puzzle expansion for Penumbra: Black Plague). However, unlike the other four games this one is not developed by Fictional Games, instead it was developed by The Chinese Room known for games such as Dear Esther and Everybody's Gone to the Rapture. I'm not familiar with the story behind why this one was developed by The Chinese Room but it might have to do with Fictional being busy developing SOMA, but don't take my word for it. The reason why I bring all this up is because I think it is important that people know that this instalment was made by a team who has a completely different style compared to Fictional. The Chinese Room's games are pretty much ""walking simulators"". One could call A Machine for Pigs the love child of Amnesia: The Dark Decent and Dear Esther.A Machine for Pigs is a first person horror/adventure game that's focusing a lot more on the story instead of intense horror unlike The Dark Decent. There aren't a whole lot of encounters with enemies, and when there are, they are usually far between eachother, and for most parts not as intense and scary as the one's you faced in The Dark Decent.This is not necessarily a bad thing. Throughout the game you're surrounded by a very well executed dark and eerie atmosphere that comes to life thanks to well done sound design, creepy mansions, alleys and basements, and some very neatly placed events like the entire mansion starting to shake, children running by at the end of the corridor to just vanish in thin air, the re-apperance of a specific pig mask, and much more.Just like the previous game A Machine for Pigs includes a few puzzles you have to solve to progress in the game. A lucky strike for some, and a shame for others, the puzzles in this one are very simplistic and doesn't take much thought to solve.While the story of the game is not one of the best the gaming community has ever seen it's still worth paying attention to, and is by all means fairly interesting and easy to follow. As the description of the game says: ""it will drag you to the depths of greed, power and madness. It will bury its snout into your ribs and it will eat your heart."", that pretty much explains what you're in for.Overall the game is worth a buy, but I strongly encourage you purchase it during a sale. It's a good game for those of you who may not be a huge fan of extremely scary games filled with jumpscares, or those of you who enjoys a story-driven experience with minimal complications and lack of action. To say that A Machine for Pigs is a huge step-down from The Dark Decent is not an easy task because the way they plays are familiar yet very different, and it all goes down to each individuals prefered taste in games. If you like intense chases, the fear of darkness, being paranoid and on your toes then The Dark Decent is defenitely superior. But if you enjoy a more story-drive game that doesn't require you looking over your shoulder every thirty seconds then this one is for you.Be aware that the game does have the tendency of crashing from time to time, so if you haven't manually saved then you may be in for a bad time of having to re-play hours of gameplay. Trust me, I had to learn it the hard way. Twice."
,Not Recommended,239200,14043619,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Iyiyiy9,"Do not buy this game if you're a fan of the original. In my oppinion, a machine for pigs was a huge dissapointment, and an insult to the original. Here are a few reasons:1) the message.Yes. I get it. The pigs are symbolism for men. STOP THRUSTING IT IN MY FACE LIKE AN ERECT♥♥♥♥♥♥2) No more physics. One fun thing to do in the original was too ♥♥♥♥ around with the physics. They weren't amazing but were still fun. In this game it's a bit different, you cant interact with almost any new objects, and even some of the old objects have had physics removed.3) Sanity effects and inventory removed. Another appeal of the original was the sanity system. While not perfect the sanity system had some fun elements that could make the game much scarier at times. And the inventory system could to if you ever ran out of tinderboxes or oil at a bad moment. Not here! You instead get a lantern which occasionaly flickers.Brilliant4)The monsters weren't scary. While i was playing at the beginning, I was ♥♥♥♥ing terrified of the horrors that hid within the mansions. Then I eventually got to the first encounter, and lo and behold the monster didn't scare or frighten me.In fact the stupid prick didn't even notice me, he saw my charecter flailing his Lantern like an idiot, and walked right past me. Even when they did notice me, these stupid ♥♥♥♥ers accuracy was worse than a stormtroopers. Tehy'd try to hit me and accidentily knock on their neighbors door and get into a friendly conversation. The only time I felt like i was in actual danger was suring the bit you had to run through the town, while a pig frantically chased you trying to get a autograph.5) The water part. Instead of being open int he first game where you had to hop around on crates and throw meat to district the thing, you were dropped into a fenced off area where running straight was the only option. All you had to do was hold Shift+W and occasionly turn to mouse, and you were fine.6)and the puzzles. They were ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,239200,7789383,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BigBoiBrandon,"This game removes many parts of the original amnesia that make it a significantly weaker game overall. Some people would argue that the story is good and makes the game worth the price. The story is quite good to be honest, but only as good as the original's and therefore not good enough to make it worth 20$(maybe 10$). Add to this that it's only 3(MAYBE 4) hours long and you have gone from a 10/10 game to a 5/10 game."
,Recommended,239200,1547318,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,noibn,"A Machine for Pigs is a good game, as long as you judge it on its own terms. Unfortunately, that's not exactly easy to do. For one thing, it carries the ""Amnesia"" title, which sets certain expectations. Also, releasing so close to a similar genre game like Outlast doesn't help either. A Machine for Pigs is nothing like either of those games - it is very much its own beast (no pun intended).Gameplay-wise, it resembles the original Amnesia, in that you explore a creepy location with nothing but the light of a lantern to aid you. The stories of the two games are also connected. But that's pretty much where the similarities end. In the original game, you had to manage resources to keep your light lit (and your character sane), which ended up being a pretty tense balancing act at times. Additionally, running and hiding from monsters was a key gameplay element. However, in AMFP, your lantern never runs out of fuel, the actual monster encounters are few and far between, and hiding is not usually necessary.The upshot of these changes make AMFP a very different feeling game. For one, it is not particularly scary. Sure, there are definitely lots of moments of dread where you find yourself not wanting to go through a door or down a dark hallway. However, you soon realize that in most cases, there is actually nothing there to fear. Secondly, the game is very linear and the puzzles are overly simple. Mostly, you just go through a series of corridors and turn on a valve here and there, which opens up the next corridor. It's pretty easy. So this isn't really a horror game in the sense of ""scare factor"". The horror mostly comes from the feelings created by the environment (level and sound design, which are both excellent), and the story. The story is the high point here, though. Most of it is revealed through notes and audio recordings that are found throughout the levels. The voiceovers, and the writing especially, are very good.I would say that is the main reason to play this game - the story and atmosphere. As a pure horror/scare-factor game, you will be disappointed. For that, you are better off playing the original Amnesia or genre newcomer Outlast. A Machine for Pigs plays much more like a horror version of Dear Esther (which should come as no surprise, as it was developed by the same people). If that sounds up your alley, definitely give this one a go. Just keep in mind it's not really very scary or action oriented, so if you are expecting a repeat of the original game (or something along the lines of Outlast), you will be severely disappointed. Playtime is around 4 hours or so, give or take. All in all, I felt it was a worthy successor to the Amnesia legacy, in its own way. Probably not as good a game overall, but definitely a unique experience that is worth checking out at some point if you enjoyed the original."
,Recommended,239200,28339462,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"First off: I actually was pleasantly suprised by the game, I like it.So I have played and absolutely love the Penumbra series and Amnesia the Dark Decent.I knew this was made by a different developer and that it was received with less enthousiasm.So when I played it I curbed my expectations but that seemed in the end to be unneeded.Gameplay:Well....there isn't much of that in this game, less then a handful meaningful encounters with enemies and I dont think the game ever actually threw a puzzle my way that took more then half a second to figure out.In fact most things that could have been a puzzle, the answer to it was given by the game (character) anyway.Story:Ah now this is were the game shines.....ok well partly.This is what the game is pretty much all about, figuring out what happened, who you are, what is going on.The game does a good job with the pacing and giving little bits of story along the way.Where imo it falls a little flat is that in the end its still not clear what is actually going on, the game drops hints, then drops hints that is not really like that, then drops hints that it is again or something totally different.In the end its hard to make heads or tails from what is going on.But the journey imo is a good one, and the writing is really good.Thats actually a major...if not the biggest part of the game, reading.You do a LOT of reading in this game, but its not a bad thing imo as again, the writing is really good.Its poetic and emotional, its understandable and vague in other areas, its just all very interesting.If you go into this game and expect a game like the previous, you will be kinda dissapointed.But if you go into this and see it as a novel in game format, very much like Gone Home, I think you will appreciate it.I think this is an experience worth having if you care about story telling and dont mind reading and can immerse yourself."
,Recommended,239200,13894636,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kamfeth,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs - The second main game from Amnesia series. After the amazing Amnesia: The Dark Descent people wanted next Amnesia, much better than first game, but is it really better? I won't anwer that question, I'll just say that it's""Different"", but mostly in positive aspects.First you have to remember that this game wasn't created by Frictional Games like first Amnesia. It was created by The Chinese Room (You can know them if you've played Dear Esther). Ok, but let's talk about the game!Most of the players didn't like Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, because a few important aspects from Amnesia: The Dark Descent were cut off in this game. There wasn't any inventory, you couldn't pick up many items like chairs, boxes etc, no tinderbox to pick up and your source of light is unlimited. So the survival aspect of the game don't exist. The only items you can pickup are letters, papers and important items that you have to pickup to move on with story.Monsters aren't that scary like in first game, but still i have to say that power of imagination in that game still works! I was scared because of simply noises and i thought there is monster nearby. Also i should note that there aren't the ""warning alert"" when the monster is next to you. That alert was in first Amnesia and in my opinion it's better that it's don't exist here, because if you won't be careful you can me surprised in ""negative"" aspect of course! Don't get me wrong, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is still very scary game, but you can't compare it to the first game.Soundtrack is amazing! It was composed by Jessica Curry (Same artist like in Dear Esther). The style is again different than from the first game, but it's also amazing and it's fit with all those factory levels and London from fall of XIX century. Go ahead and try ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fkVvNMuJsAYou could thought that i already said the most important things from that game, but nope, not yet! Now isThe StoryThe story in this game... I can't describe it, if i'll say it's amazing it's not enough. In this aspect Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs owning the first game, no doubt about it! It's very emotional, sad and you'll think about it after you'll finish the whole game. I won't say any spoilers, but to make you curious i'll just say that the ""Pigs"" in the title of the game is an ambiguous word... In my opinion one of the best stories i've ever been seeing in video games. You should play this game even only because of that story. Also i recommend read all the notes that you'll find in the game from the chronological order after you'll finish the game.I'm really sad seeing all those negative reviews, most of these people were just looking for Amnesia: The Dark Descent 2, but I really understand them. I was also a little bit dissapointed when i realised i couldn't take chairs and other objects and throw them away, honestly I don't understand why developers removed that, but when i finished the game I was glad i pre-ordered it.I rate this game 8/10 (Very Good), mostly because of that great story, soundtrack and the whole atmosphere. It isn't that scary like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, so if you're looking for only scary horror game and you don't care about other aspects, then you should buy other game. My english isn't perfect so I apologise for any grammar mistakes, I hope i'll be better in future!"
76561198066628081,Not Recommended,239200,28778491,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gleddified,"Very underwhelming after playing the Dark Descent. The inventory screen is gone, the sanity mechanic is gone, and actual dangerous monster encouters are few and far between. While Dark Descent truly makes you pee your pants scared, this game focuses more on the story (which isn't even that good compared to Dark Descent in my opinion).It's not terrible, but it's a big step down from it's predecessor."
76561198128554925,Recommended,239200,19983496,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Wanderer,"Honestly, I think people are too hard on this game.Is it as scary as Amnesia: Dark Descent? Not necessarily, but then Dark Descent was such an unexpectedly delirious and exhilerating experience. It was a surprise. The difference with its sequel is that people have been expecting A Machine For Pigs for a while; based on those expectations, some were disappointed.I was not. A Machine For Pigs doesn't need to be as scary as Dark Descent. Of course there are plenty of moments in that game which made my blood run cold, such as the infamous chase through the flooded Archives with a monster snapping at your heels, the damned Prison area which gave me plenty of mini heartattacks, and just the growl of those disgusting monsters. Yet I remember only a few moments from that game, which to me are not as important as the overall experience. What was the most scary for me was actually the story, and learning about Daniel. At the beginning, he's a man that drank the Amnesia potion to make himself forget the horrors the Baron had inflicted. But of course, as we descend deeper into Brennenberg, we realize the truth. Near the end, I wasn't even sure Daniel deserved to be saved (which is why the three different endings pleased me so much).A Machine For Pigs has a story that is just as good, and in some respects, better than Dark Descent. It has its moments too, but A Machine For Pigs is all about how it leaves you feeling than the individual moments you can remember. The core element of discovering the story through notes, and the journal entries of Oswald, is still there. We learn he's a drunkard (wine is, after all, its own form of Amnesia). We learn he's a butcher. We learn he wants to be more effective at butchering through the use of technology. We learn his wife died in childbirth, which clearly has a bad affect on his sanity (like a true madman, he wants mmotality, and creates a machine to that effect). He apparently wants to save his children, and is guided by a vaguely familiar and sinister voice over the scattered telephones. His journal entries are distrubing enough, littered with contempt, hatred, anger, dispair, and revolting descriptions, all which offer a glimpse into his deranged mind.You really need to appreciate the briliance of this, along with the other core elements that made Dark Descent amazing, which A Machine For Pigs definitely has: the sound, the constant oppressive and immersive atmosphere, the music, the voice acting, and the mystery. Despite the tension which keeps you constantly on edge, you want to keep exploring the machine. You feel compelled to descend further down, past the scraping metal, the wails of steam, the screams and groans of the machinery, the flickering lights, the thick, putrid smell as its often described, the pulsing of the engines-A Machine For Pigs does a fantastic job of creating the setting. The fact that I felt no relief when I was briefly outside is also a testament to that accomplishment. The rain slicked and gloomy London streets offered no breath of fresh air.A Machine For Pigs is memorable for its hauntingly beautiful settings. Now, one of my complaints is that there is not really a sense of urgency. That's practically a requirement given the premise, but unlike the constant fear of having the Shadow chase you in Dark Descent, A Machine For Pigs takes its time delivering on the scares. To be sure, there are scares to be had, and there are a few jumpscares right from the very beginning. The urgency comes in bursts, mostly from being chased by the grotesque pig-men. The puzzles are mostly unnecessary (like the Sanity meter in Dark Descent, which did little more than blur the screen) and mostly frustrating.Interestingly, while I was playing, I couldn't stop thinking of Pink Floyd's video for Another Brick In The Wall. That's totally a good thing! I also couldn't shake the eeriness, the dread. The disgust, eventually, because just as I felt ultimately repulsed by Daniel, Oswald proved to surpass even Daniel's selfishness and brutality. That's why A Machine For Pigs is so good, in my opinion: the sum of its parts is an experience worth your time and careful attention.The blood splattered walls of the factory where the pigs are slaughtered take on an even more vile nature when you read Oswald's diary because his descriptions of people, often as ""swine,"" sends chills down your spine. Pigs are closest to humans, biologically speaking. And Oswald's pursuit of fortune, and of leaving a legacy which survives flesh and bone is accomplished without scruples and through ruthlessness which makes Daniel seem like a saint. His creation is the machine, and the setting of Industrial Revolution era London, with all of its distinct British cruelty, child labour, capitalism, and new technology is simply perfect to tell a story that is fundamentally about greed. And the bloody path we carve to sate it.And there are scares. Some require a bit more thinking and putting the pieces together, some require running away and hiding, some can make you yell and flinch away from the screen. It's good we don't have to gather oil for the lantern (it runs on electricity now, anyway) or that we need to gather an inventory because I think in this context, it would become tedious. Instead, we can focus on the atmosphere, story, and the scares. We can get lost in the growls and squeals, the heavy, incessant labours of the machine, and simply unravel the insanity within.So is A Machine For Pigs scary, all in all? That depends on your definition of scary; it will scare you when and where it's supposed to, in a heart pounding, sweaty hands sort of way. Think of it as a rush, a wave of fear that crashes into you, whereas Dark Descent was a constant flood.Yet instead of comparison, we should enjoy A Machine For Pigs rather as its own unique, interesting, and dark vision of human nature. So I think the real question should be: is A Machine For Pigs horrifying? And the answer is absolutely. That is the point, after all.Truly, I am not a fan of horror. I was intrigued by Dark Descent because my friends wouldn't shut up about it, with good reason. Dark Descent became the game which urged me to consider some other ones, and Dark Descent quickly became my favourite horror game, with Outlast being a very close second. I've found that the genre is deeply rooted in all the sorts of sad, brutal, sick and twisted ways humans strip away their humanity (usually by trying to become more than what we are; most of the time, the sacrifices aren't worth it). This game is no exception.A Machine For Pigs is certainly deserving of sharing the same panicked breath with Dark Descent."
76561198108355432,Recommended,239200,23720746,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,condortheboss,"While not as scary as the original, MfP still has an amazing atmosphere, suspenseful scenes, and a great story.Great spiritual sequel"
76561197996501738,Recommended,239200,11079475,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Audrey Hepburn,"Whether or not you will like this game depends very much on what you are looking for.This game is a polarizing one.  You will likely laud it, or hate it.  If you have to look up the word 'laud' in the dictionary, you should probably pass, (or better yet, buy the game and start the processes of understanding nuanced and subtle literature)You will probaby enjoy this game if- you appreciate enviormental atmosphere- you enjoy literature- you like horror that builds more on deep issues and less on 'shock' or 'camp' gimmicks- you like Dear Esther- you want to support developers that are pushing the boundaries on games as a literary medium- you enjoy a game with puzzles that feel 'real-world' and don't call attention to themselves or hinder the pace of thenarrativeYou will probably not enjoy this game if- you don't like not having a gun in your video games- you don't enjoy having to do your own critical thinking to come to conclusions concening the story or how it ends- you think it will be very similary to The Dark Descent (the game feels much closer to Dear Esther in my opinion)- you want something with puzzles that requires you to scratch your nogging- you want a horror game where things jump out at you oftenIn short, if you value deep narrative experiences in games, and feel familiar with literature and coming to terms with your own underlying meaning, you will find an absolutely matchless gem here.  Although narrative indie games are on the rise, this  one is still leading the pack.  If you don't value these things, or are looking for something that doesn't require you be knee deep in your mind, thoughts, beliefs and opinions, it may not suit you.  Either way, consider this tale a gothic horror tale in the traditional sense, as anyone familiar with the novels Frankenstein or Dracula could tell you, the 'horror' is less about bloodshed or constantly spooking you, and more about building a sense of dread over the whole canvas."
,Not Recommended,239200,25870272,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,GreenKing,"I preordered this game, I was so hyped. Amnesia the Dark Decent was fantastic, I was ready for a sequel. However, this one didn't meet expectations.PROSGraphics are pretty solid and historically accurateThe voice acting was goodHad that 'Amnesia Feel'CONSNot scary enough. The original had you sweating. It made you want to quit every second but you had to keep going. This one didn't feel this way. The enemies here, when they spot you, just kinda run up and hit you. In the original getting killed gave you the chills.No inventory. The inventory in Amnesia 1 was a little flawed, but having none whatsoever is a mistake. This means you don't acquire any items over the course of your entire adventure.NO SANITY???? Like why? Sanity meter was one of the most popular and iconic features of Amnesia 1, and without it you can just camp in the dark forever.The lantern lasts forever. LameLack of interactivity with the environment. In Amnesia 1, most doors could be opened and explored to find lore or items, but here pretty much everything is glued to the map. Similarly, finding secret passages isn't fun anymore because you can just mouse over everything until your hand lights upEverything is on one straight path. Too much direction"
,Recommended,239200,27062502,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Big Rat,"I cried in this game.A good reflexion on the butchery that was the 20th century.If you look pass the not so good mechanic, there's a very deep story beneath it.I recommend it, but dont expect it to be ""amnesia 2"". It is its own game."
76561198043447750,Not Recommended,239200,32415650,Posted: 14 June,all,serygalacaffeine,Its visually interesting and certainly has its moments but the whole thing feels more like a walking simulator...through a muddy swamp. Its has none of the intrigue and intensity of Amnesia : The dark descent.
,Recommended,239200,17746545,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"A wonderful light stealth/horror game with an immersive atmosphere and a captivating plot, race to sabotage the machine and avenge your loved ones."
76561198007666575,Not Recommended,239200,27980278,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Lobo Of WS,"The original game Amnesia the Dark Descent is my favorite horror game. I was very excited when they anounced this game. When it came out however is was very dissapointed. The devs gutted mostly all of the gameplay that made the first one so great. It is mostly a walking sim. Its only four hours long max! the first one took me 24 hours to beat! Get the Dark Descent, or SOMA, but not this game."
76561197997880700,Not Recommended,239200,26963428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malckeor,"If you've played the original Amnesia, 'Machine for Pigs' will leave you disappointed. Just about everything that can be defined as 'gameplay' was gutted from this successor, turning it into a spooky walking simulator with little to no intricate reaction with the world around your digital character. However, if you're just a simple onlooker passing by whose curiosity has been piqued by that title artwork, who's seeking an intriguing story experience of a tragic tale with weird Bioshock-esque sci-fi properties and a light spook here or there, don't hesitate to grab this game for a look-see. You'll enjoy it.Also, as one would guess, 'Machine for Pigs' uses the titular farm animal in quite the iterative way that complements the game world and its themes seamlessly, which is why it should win the nomination for ""Best Use Of A Farm Animal"" in the Steam awards. So nominate it up, folks. This award's not about quality gameplay."
,Recommended,239200,11403484,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Antishyreenauchneaque,"First thing's first - I don't understand the angry rant about this game. People literally drown it in pig♥♥♥♥ while other really crappy titles manage to get away. Often the reason why players hate AMFP is that they beleive it's far worse than the original Amnesia. I suggest you should consider these two as completely different games. The Chinese Room (the developer I put highest hopes on and will defend) did their thing. OK, they got rid of core Amnesia gameplay elements (lantern oil, thunderboxes), but I think they did it for the good sake of the story. For story and atmosphere are the basis for Machine For Pigs. Storytelling is just plain dark, almost pitch-black and somewhat Lovecraft-ish as it's predecessor. Game is sophisticated as it is asks global and complex existential questions. Ominous atmosphere is here allright, driven by classy frightening sound desing and music. And YES, this Amnesia is scary - not too scary, but still.. Although it's hard to terrify a Survival Horror vet like me, AAMFP did that. And this what I ♥♥♥♥in' expect from a horror game! Ain't no need to throw ♥♥♥♥ at gamer's face, more of that - no need to drop them off their seats. Freeze them on the spot so they are afraid to move a finger! That's the real horror. And here's the thing some will consider DarkDescent-blasphemy: maybe removing oil tanks, thunderboxes and difficult puzzles was necessary for this particular project, like blinding a man makes his hearing sharper. Cutting the gameplay elements allowed story and setting take the spotlight. IMHO it's better than solving riddle after riddle after riddle in similar tunnels in Penumbra: Overture. Amnesia AMFP isn't an interactive movie though - you do things besides walking. I will however admit it lacks some hard puzzles. And dying. Yeah, I dropped dead TWO (!) TIMES. Anyway, it helped me to percieve the story better. Game's not short too - if you take time and won't charge your ♥♥♥ forward you'll get your healthy 8 hours as I did. To summerize, game's great, all I've expected from the sequel. Dark Descent fans should give it a fair chance, I think. Bare bones of the franchise, huh? Hell of a skeleton then. The Chinese Room FTW."
,Recommended,239200,22284005,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Arteken,"Amnesia a machine for pigsClassic amnesia: puzzles, great story and it's scary. This is not as scary as dark descent, not even close. Instead this game offer amazing story that you have to see yourself. It is scary enough to be called Amnesia, but it could be a bit scarier. The graphics are great, it makes this really fun to explore and look around. There is some harder parts in the story that you might have to try more than twice to get trough. The story is so good, all the things you will get to know while playing the game are so well done, the story is amazingly well done. You will know what I am talking about after you finnish the game... My grade for this 9/10"
76561198009481086,Not Recommended,239200,34106084,Posted: 8 August,all,malpuella,"A disappointing follow-up to the first game. But if you like spooky walking simulators, give it a try."
,Recommended,239200,33653935,Posted: 19 July,all,Chill,The game is obviously not as good as the first Amnesia but still worth buying on a sale.+ Soundtrack+ Voice Acting+ Story Overall+ Plays Well+Atmospheric- Linear as ♥♥♥♥- Short game- No Inventory- Puzzles are too easy (Atleast for me)
76561197988903500,Not Recommended,239200,12023898,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Jo291,More like Amnesia: A Machine for♥♥♥♥♥♥-No inventory-Babby puzzles-No lamp oil-♥♥♥♥ING REGENERATING HEALTH ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU-Linear as ♥♥♥♥
76561197987047936,Recommended,239200,12504151,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,The Squid,"Without The Dark Descent's sanity mechanics, A Machine For Pigs is creepy and atmospheric, but rarely scary. I don't get the same sense of dread or terror as I did playing The Dark Descent. That said, I did still quite like the game. The environments help to emphasize the scale of the operation and the machine while also looking pretty good. It presents an intriguing story and mystery with some clever ambiguity and morbidly interesting ideas. A Machine For Pigs may not fill your expectations if you're looking for a traditional adventure or horror game, but if you play it with a mind for macabre atmosphere and story, you'll enjoy yourself."
76561198042234000,Not Recommended,239200,12213481,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mr Moopsy,"Not scary.^horror game that isnt scary = not a horror game.Save a few dollars and skip this. TERRIBLE AI. Mediocre story. like 2 jump scares. and incredfibly short gameplay.I'm one of thsoe people that almost never complete a game. This game I completed in one sitting. The sheer lack of content is astounding.One can literally walk through the game feeling like this unkillable super human.I had to restart once because I got stuck on some invisible wall while something was ""chasing me."
,Not Recommended,239200,12340475,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Turtle,"This game disappoints on it's own and doesn't reach 1/4 up the bar set byA Dark Descent.You're character is almost never in any actual danger.Convoluted story that doesn't quite come together despite finding every hidden document.Puzzels are unintuitive and the removal of inventory and health managementh makes the game that much easier.The sanity bar removal has been debated by players, but I thought it was pretty cool. The game feels less depthful and immersive without it, to me."
,Recommended,239200,260577,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Captain Serious,"This chapter in the Amnesia series is definitely going to upset people expecting The Dark Descent 2, but if you can separate the two games you'll appreciate them both for what they are; Amazing survival horror experiences.A Machine for Pigs (AMFP) relies less on chases and monster stalking to create its tension.  That's not to say there isn't any, but much less than Dark Descent.   AMFP goes for it's horror in it's atmosphere and writing, letting your imagination paint the disturbing pictures of what our character has experienced.Since so much of AMFP story and horror is fleshed out in reading notes it doesn't surprise me that people are giving it so much hate.  It took me 6 hours to finish the game without getting stuck too long on any ""puzzle"", so when I see people claiming to ""beat"" it under 3-4 hours it's no wonder they aren't enjoying it.  I'd wager they speed run through every area and don't bother reading any journal entries.  They're only giving themselves half the experience.Perhaps The Chinese Room should have preceded the game with the same disclaimer A Dark Descent used:  Do NOT play this game to Win.  Let yourself be immersed and enjoy the experience.   People that enjoy reading horror storytelling will enjoy AMFP, while others looking for more adrenaline pumping action may want to look to Outlast.The Chinese Room took a step in the right direction with AMFP.  While the puzzles in AMFP were simplistic compared to Dark Descent, they fit perfectly into the level design and story, and offered a degree of interaction that was completely void in Dear Esther.I highly recommend this, but with a huge disclaimer - Do not expect Dark Descent 2."
,Recommended,239200,23091552,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,JaedRaven,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a psychological thriller created as the sequel to the first game, Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Although the game plays somewhat like the first installment, it is actually a very different game in terms of storytelling and jump scares. Let me just say, if you are going into this game expecting the same experience as the first, you will be disappointed.A Machine for Pigs takes place in the late 1800’s after the industrial revolution, and the world has been modernized. Gone is the need for lantern oil, and tinderboxes, as your new lantern never runs out of battery power. Sanity is also apparently not an issue any longer and you won’t have to deal with any inventory screens either. The story itself is a long twisting tale of a tortured man who has done some pretty awful things. His journey to reclaim his troubled memories is a journey through the mind of a man driven to the brink of insanity from the overbearing weight of emotional loss. Determined to correct his mistakes and set everything right, he finds himself on the precipice of his own destruction.As for gameplay, the traditional Amnesia style of solving puzzles shines through as the player will need to solve many throughout the game by interacting with the environment around them. The sound is, of course, another compliment to the Amnesia series, and gives the player that same sense that they are being followed continuously by something… or someone.There are a couple chase sequences and moments where the player will be required to hide in the darkness to avoid detection, but the monsters themselves seem to be rather linear and will appear and run off in a preplanned route many times throughout the game. Most people were disappointed with the monsters as they don’t actually bust down doors and search for you like they did in the original Amnesia. Basically, if you avoid them then they will avoid you. But that does not mean it isn’t scary, the atmosphere of the game is incredibly creepy and there is barely any warning as to when a monster is in the area.My overall score for the game: 8/10.This game is worth playing for the story alone. Go into this game as ‘A Machine for Pigs’ and not ‘Amnesia.’ As a game of its own, it is great and worth checking out. But if you are looking for the same horror experience as the original Amnesia, skip this one and try out Soma."
,Recommended,239200,24770160,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Bob Sacamano,"More like SOMA than A:DD, and I'm glad for it. Don't play for the scares, play for the story and the heavy atmosphere."
,Recommended,239200,34847860,Posted: 9 September,all,✪ OberSp[A]ltPilz,"Pros:a very intense, stunning and gloomy story that is also nicely told step by step with a surprisingly endsuch a great soundtrackcreepy atmosphereonly 4 hours for 100% achievements (for all the 100% achievement hunters out there)Contras:the biggest contra in my opinion is the relatively high price (19,99 €) for such a short game (4 hours to complete the whole story)the ""monsters"" are really not that scary and you won't feel very vulnerable or weak because these creatures cant hurt you in any wayyour expectations in terms of another amnesia game like ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" will not be fulfilled. In my opinion its not that bad because its just another game with another playstyle etc.Conclusion:It is a vey enjoyable (short) game with a really nice story and soundtrack. I would recommend to not buy it for its regular price but go get it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,239200,12240175,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,(NBK) Klonopin,"I tried really hard to like this game, but it flat out wasn't as good as I hoped it would be.My main issues is that the game is just not scary at all. The story makes little to no sense and they don't really try all that hard to explain it to you. I could go deeper into this but I don't want to spoil the game for other who may actually want to play this (I know I hate when others do this).If you are expecting something scary as lets say... Outlast? Don't buy it. If you are looking for a slow burner this may be for you.4/10"
,Recommended,239200,8161645,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CannonFodder,"Amnesia was a hugely acclaimed hit, so this follow-up shouldn’t surprise anyone. Oddly it wasn't done by the original developers, Frictional, but it was handed off to The Chinese Room who was responsible for Dear Esther. Personally I think its nice to see how a different set of devs would take on the title but not everyone is going to be happy with the outcome.I will readily admit, I didn't enjoy this game as much and the first Amnesia and that game didn't blow me away either so there are some significant issues with this game. Most noteworthy would be in the gameplay department.In the previous title you found yourself looking in every nook and cranny for tinder boxes to light nearby candles and fuel for your lantern. While this wasn't the most exciting thing, it allowed for you to have some kind of purpose as you explored around. As well keeping the lantern from running dry was a source of tension and added to the gameplay. In Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs they removed all resource management, your lantern will never run out and nothing can be found in the environment to aid you. The developers where likely looking to streamline your experience so as to allow for more focus on the plot and the game world but sadly this had a hugely adverse effect for me. I found that without any inventory or items you really lacked a reason to search the environment. A new room was really just a new hallway in the wax museum instead of a place to explore. That sounds harsh, but I just lost motivation to take my time and look around.Puzzles, puzzles were a large part of the earlier title but again they were practically removed. It can be said that the puzzles in  Amnesia #1 had about the depth of Doom 1 puzzles. By this I mean you entered an area were confronted by a door (or mechanism) preventing you from proceeding, the only way to get passed was to find the key. The key was the sole collectable item in that area so it caused no brainpower besides finding it and inserting it into the door. Yes there are a couple puzzles in Amnesia that had a bit more depth but for the most part they were about on par with Math Circus. So why tone them down? Again they wanted to streamline  the game, make it more accessible and focus more on the plot. Good or bad that's mostly up to the player but since we are talking about video games here the gameplay should stand up for itself a bit, hopefully.Is it scary? that's honestly the biggest question most people are going to have. The answer is yes, sort of. Its scary but not as tense or even jump scare happy as the other title. Its environments are definitely chilling and there are a few scary encounters but to be honest you really only have to deal with enemies 5 or 6 times throughout the game. Pretty much every time you see an enemy it’s a G-man encounter, if you haven't played half-life that’s to say that it’s a scripted event where an enemy shows up, startles you and then leaves the area. In the rare occasion where there is a patrolling enemy you can you just turn off your lantern and crouch away from him.So why did I give this game a recommend. Well its defiantly not for everyone, but this game does have a bunch of things going for it. The environments are terrific. The early 20th century factories and mechanisms are truly creepy and an awesome setting for a game. The atmosphere as a whole is well done. Plot is given to you through letters and diary entrees left about, as well as phone calls(kinda) from a reoccurring character. I found the ending to Amnesia #1 to be a letdown, this game did a bit better with the conclusion I thought.So if you are a fan of the first person survival horror genre or Amnesia #1 and want a more streamlined game focused on narrative. Then Amnesia  a Machine for Pigs is right for you. Otherwise you might want to consider waiting for the next game by the original devs. Either way this game is still a decent play though for $15If you don’t like the sound of a gameplay lacking survival horror game I would strongly advise checking out Penumbra: Black Plague. Its currently only $5 on steam and is in my opinion the best fps survival horror game out there."
,Not Recommended,239200,19705417,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,zelico,"A Machine for Pigs is kind of a disappointment. This game was really hyped up and I got (at most) 5 hours of gameplay. The game lacks in scares and just kinda has a spooky air about it. Even though this was developed by the Chinese Room, it had a lot more potential."
76561198045065100,Not Recommended,239200,19211436,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Awesomar,The tension was built well in the game but there wasn't really that much action. I really liked the concept and expected the game to be way scarier. Biggest con would be the length. 4~6 hours of gameplay is way too damn short and the story/gameplay didn't really make up for it.The monsters were pretty spooky and there were some cool areas tho.4.5/10
,Recommended,239200,8021720,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Hyzi0,Just AMAZING GAME!Amazing plot and music and in my personal opinion thats what makes games worth spanding money!I strongly recommend this game.
,Recommended,239200,12869114,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Osprey Man,"It's not exactly like The Dark Descent, for sure. But too many people evaluate A Machine for Pigs on the standard of how similar it is to its predecessor, too afraid to look at it on its own merits. Indeed, there are fewer gameplay elements, such as an infinite lamp duration, easier/fewer puzzles, and an overall lower danger level. But what AMFP has, it does spectacularly. The Chinese Room took a more story-heavy approach and crafted the world around how it's told, and it's a tale well worth hearing. The environments are beautifully constructed, the voicework fits the characters perfectly, and Jessica Curry's music is spectacular. It's like a roller coaster: just because you're not pushing the carts yourself doesn't mean it's not a enjoyable, thrilling ride.People looking for a game that will leave them petrified with fear will be more at home with The Dark Descent. But if you enjoyed the story of The Dark Descent and want to lose yourself in a tale just as gripping and harrowing, definitely give A Machine for Pigs a shot!"
,Recommended,239200,23859082,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,alees,"i dont know why everyone hates this game, it may not be that scary but it has great gameplay, graphics, and storyline"
76561198001344725,Recommended,239200,8110335,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,B-mage,Not as nerve ratling as the previous instalment and quite a bit shorter but still a decent story to explore. However I'd wait till it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,239200,10460675,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TEEZY,No.
,Not Recommended,239200,32604986,Posted: 20 June,all,Tarii da panna,"Amnesia: an unfortunate burial at sea would be a more appropraite title.Pros:-runs smooth-definitely a horrifying experience-has a hood message about how greed can turn you into a twisted husk of who you once wereCons:-short story (~45mins if you don't go of lore-riddled notes)-Only one playthrough is actually fun before you memorize the puzzles and npc pathing-no custom stories, which, oddly enough; is what sold the first game so well-you still can't open doors easily"
,Recommended,239200,1487369,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Hootie,"A spiritual sequel to one of the greatest horror games, it dissapoints in quite a few key areas, improves in some, but overall delivers on the core idea of a hellish descent into madness in a very special way.The industrial hell that you explore is particularly striking, and contains moments of pure marvel and disgust.The sound design is fantastic, and had me jumping at shadows all the way through.The music is also a big highlight, and although it is used sparingly, it is particularly effective in evoking dose chills.When compared to the first game, a few things are immediately apparant: removal of the inventory, removal of resource management, and removal of the sanity meter. While I have a sneaking suspicion this may have been due to a large outcry of people 'running out' of light sources in the first game, it might have just been a design choice, who knows. But I do feel that a lot of the tension is removed along with these systems, which is damn a shame.The puzzles also suffer due to the lack of an inventory, restricted generally to an immediate component search to fix whatever machine has broken down. At no point is there any real challenge, unlike the first game which I remember had me stumped on at least a couple.The use of monsters has also been peeled back in a way. They will run by as means of scaring you initially, later on they serve more to illustrate certain story points. It is actually rather rare to be put in any direct confrontations in this game, and  even rarer that any amount of stealth or hide-and-seek is required. This is the biggest dissapointing aspect for me, as hiding from the monsters in DD was much more pants-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ scary than just running away from the scripted manpig sequences.One thing I think the game improves on is mindgames. I can't be certain, but I'm pretty sure that sometimes an areas makeup, (such as doors or other props) have shifted around (then again, it could have been all in my head, but if so, you can chalk that up to the palpable atmosphere). An early revelation in the mansion is also particularly effective in putting you in the paranoid frame of mind of the protagonist Mandus. Some other unique scares or tricks the game throws at you really helps to mix it up and distinguish it from dark descent.The story is pretty interesting, and some of the notes are rather disturbing, or striking, especially with Mandus's own twisted vision of mankind. However don't expect anything spelled out for you, or for there to be some great revelation.Overall I'd say that the game is well made, if a little dissapointing. Certainly if you enjoyed Amnesia DD, Dear Esther, or even both, you'll definitely find something here. If you hated one or the other, then probably not ;)"
,Recommended,239200,24609739,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,KingN,"It took me only four hours to complete. That should be considered before buying it if you don't like short games.That being said, this game had a great creepy feel to it and told a compelling story that reached much further than I expected. Really enjoyed this game"
76561198205778604,Recommended,239200,29205000,Posted: 12 January,all,Tritonewt,"Review of:  *Amnesia: A Machine for  Pigs*AAMFP is the sequel to The Dark Descent and tells the story of Oswald Mandus, an wealthy englishman who owns a meat processing company. He returns to Britain from a disastrous journey to Mexico. He found an orb while in Mexico, and upon touching it saw the future of the 20th century (the game is set in the year 1899), having visions of World Wars, Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings, Vietnam...He kills his children on the temple steps to ""save"" them from the horror of the world.He starts seeing humanity as a disease, as filthy swine. Upon returning to London he is hit by a mysterious fever and starts having nightmares, seeing visions of a machine. With his massive wealth and the guidance of the orb he starts creating a massive device, a machine for pigs.-Gameplay:This is AMFP's weak side and a big reason for it's criticism. Much of the gameplay mechanics from TDD have been stripped out. There is no more inventory nor can you observe your health, althought that the bloody red filter on your screen and blood splatters do indicate if you take damage. There is no more oil or tinderboxes; the new lanterns is infinite. This is fine, since those collectables sometimes made it feel like a scavenger hunt.The insanity system has also been removed, althought that it was one of the core elements of TDD. This CAN be explained by the fact that Mandus is more ""sane"" than Daniel from TDD and has no nyctophobia like Daniel does, but it really was a dissapointment for me.The environment is not interactable anymore, for the most part. You do need to interact with certain puzzle objects but other than that, everything is fixed still. I hate this one so much. Made me feel like I was playing something else.-Puzzles are also a big part of Amnesia, and I could not have finished the first game witouth the internet. AMFP's puzzles were too easy. I never felt lost and always knew what to do. None of the puzzles were challenging or memorable. It felt like I was being walked on a leash......which brings me to my other point: The monster gameplay. The new lantern (and other lights) start flickering whenever a monster is nearby; this is a bad and a good thing, mostly bad. It tells the player about the danger too well. But the bigger problem with the monsters, and PERHAPS THE WHOLE game, is that the monsters are rarely a threat. I would go on to say that atleast half of the sightings are visual or auditory. This strips away the fear when you know that they probs wont come for you anyway. I also never needed to hide. I did not feel hunted like I did in TDD, with the exception of the Tesla Pig. Most of the monster chases were just quick sprints to the next door and did not feel threathening at all. THIS is a shame.BUT here are the good parts of this game:-The story: This is where AMFP really shines; the story is far more bigger than epic than TDD's, you really feel like more lives are on the line this time. MUCH more. Are humans just garbage, swine, inbred hogs? It makes you think. The 20th century was arguably the bloodiest century so far, the Machine wanted to save the world with blood now before the insanity of the 20th century. It also has a few links to TDD, like another Orb and the body of the Grunt, aswell as the major part of Alexander's vitae. The story is simply great: it might be a bit hard to understand if you don't pay attention, so be careful not to stray.-The level design: Another strong point; TDD's main fault was it's lack of different and interesting scenery (for the most part), and this is where AMFP really stepped up the game. The levels all feel different and have nicr graphics and designs. My favourite ones are the last ones.-Music and voice acting: Not saying that TDD's acting was bad: far from it; but Mandus' and the Machine's voices are incredible. Go search some recordings on YouTube, they are incredible.Again, not saying TDD had bad music, it was awesome, but AMFP's music is simply pure gold. Search for the OST on YouTube, you wont be dissapointed.*****Conclusion*****AMFP does not feel like an Amnesia sequel, and that's the main fault of it. If it would not be needed to compare to TDD, a far superior game, it would be just great. But the lack of gameplay and wasted monsters make it alot less scary; you never need to hide or feel like hunted. The last 45 min of gameplay is absolutely terrifying, my hands were shaking and heart pounding, but I should've felt like that the whole game. I did not.BUT Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a great game. I would not say it is worth 20 euros, but if you do decide to buy it, you wont be left dissapointed, especially if you are new to Amnesia."
,Not Recommended,239200,12721774,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Browntown,"Yeah, not good."
76561198066351416,Recommended,239200,11347122,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Oswald Mandus,"A game that recieves much more hate than it deserves. It's not like the first Amnesia, but I feel like I spent my money well.It has an amazing soundtrack, good voice acting and a well written story. It's similar to Dear Esther, so if you enjoyed that game, this is certainly something you should check out.Not for everyone, tho, just as with Dear Esther.8/10, my rating."
,Recommended,239200,16850965,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cyberghostface,"I got 'AMfP' as part of an Amnesia bundle for pretty cheap during a sale and went into it ahead of time knowing about the lukewarm critical reception. Maybe if I had paid full price during its initial release with high expectations I would have been let down but in the end I thought it was a good game.To be sure, it's not as good as the first one. With the first game I actually had to stop at various points because I was too nervous to progress into a darkened area. There's only one scene in this one where I felt close to that level of scared. This game simply isn't as horrifying this time around. It's also a considerably shorter, more streamlined experience -- there's less interactivity, puzzles, etc.Another thing that disappoints me was the lack of a custom story option. The original Amnesia has hours and hours of replay value that this does not because of it. The game is different enough than the original that there's potential for a number of custom stories using the elements present here.On the positive side, the game is still an effective and atmospheric experience. I would stay the story is stronger this time around. The protagonist Oswald Mandus plays a much bigger part in his own story than Daniel did in the first one and as such his his character arc is more rewarding in my opinion. The game's world is beautiful and haunting to look at; I stopped several times just to take in the scenery. I normally don't talk about music in games but Jessica Curry's soundtrack really adds to the story.The developers had the unenviable task of following up 'The Dark Descent' and to their credit they took a risk as opposed to simply copying the formula of the original. Not all of it works but I still have to applaud their efforts.If you're all hesitant I would wait until this is on sale but I do recommend you try it out at least once."
76561198061539832,Recommended,239200,7804143,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Redleaf,"If you like horror games, this will be one of Top 10. Maybe not better than dark descent (the first game)"
,Recommended,239200,13628882,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dry Ice Factory,"This is one of my favorite horror games. It also contains one of my favorite stories featured in a video game. It's deep, thought-provoking, and emotional. The atmosphere is very thick and highly detailed. I found the game to be pretty scary because of what was suggested in the atmosphere and small details rather than monster encounters. Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a polarizing game because of the overwhelming sucess of Amnesia: The Dark Descent. From what I understand, soem of the dislike towards AMFP is rooted in the difference in core gamplay between the two. I think it's important to ackowledge that AMFP and TDD had different developers, and were created by different groups of people. The developers of TDD took a game titled ""Amnesia"" in one direction, while The Chinese Room, developers of AMFP, took it the other.I love the game for everything I've explained it to be in this review. The other ~half~ who dislike it have thoroughly shared their opinion in other reviews. I think, in deciding whether or not to buy AMFP, the most pressing question should be ""which side sounds more like ME?"""
76561198171460986,Not Recommended,239200,29876137,Posted: 12 February,all,TheKillerXenomorph,"Yes and no.This is the first Amnesia game I've ever played and.....well... the fact that they didn't added custom stories is quite a pittyIt leaves a hole on the sector of jumpscares, but the narration, voice acting, are good.Also, it's quite a poetic game. I didn't understood what did they meant with all of that philosophy.The game is pretty well thougth. The best part is the one with the secret doors. And the cleaning-vacuum machine was the best"
76561198152443476,Recommended,239200,34496075,Posted: 25 August,all,Garfield,"This game is a great work of art. I enjoyed the writing, the tense moments, the voice acting, the story, and the monsters. In my opinion, this game didn't have as many memorable scary moments as Amnesia:The Dark Descent, but each one of them was intense and scary. $20 may be asking too much though, I recommend getting it on sale."
76561198045502107,Not Recommended,239200,19742109,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,XxPatrickPoPpXx,"I'm not a fan of A Machine for Pigs, mainly because it's so far from the original. It's not near as scary, and the monsters just act stupid. A Machine for Pigs tells a pretty decent story, but it tells it in a bad way. This should have not been an Amnesia title. I think it would have done great as a stand alone release. I think the namesake was the reason so many people did not like it. It had high hopes to live up to, but did not even come close. Through all that it's still a good game to play, but I recommend grabbing it on sale. Just don't expect the horror fest that the first Amnesia was, this is more  of a creepy walking simulator than anything."
,Not Recommended,239200,19566105,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Punkin☠,"I'll just get right to it.Positives:-The visuals of the game is very beautiful, and much more interesting to look at than TDD.-Story is interesting in it's own way, with the theme of questioning humanity itself and it's morals.-Soundtrack and voice acting is superbUnfortunately, there is alot more negatives than positives to this game:-Taking this game as an Amnesia sequel, TDD's core features (insanity meter, inventory, importance of light, danger music) is stripped from the game, making it very underwhelming and easy-AI wasn't very impressive (Sneaking was easy)-Monster encounters are at a minimum, there is many scripted events, yet the events aren't very impacting-In my opinion, the story is somewhat hamfisted (heh, ham)-Removal of custom story-I would claim that it's way less scary than TDD due to it's removal of all things that made the first game scary-and finally, it's way too short for it's price. (First playthough 6hrs, second 4hrs)Being an Amnesia sequel (as well as being a huge fan of TDD) this was a bit of a disappointment. I would recommend buying this for it's story, but at a discounted price. Even if 'Amnesia' was removed from the title (and my huge facination with pigs) I wouldn't consider recommending it overall."
,Recommended,239200,23379738,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Blaston,"Not nearly as good as it's predeccesor. Lacks the gameplay elements that made the original as good as it was (can't interact with anything). Still has the Amnesia atmosphere, the monster desings are pretty cool and the setting of the story is interesting."
,Recommended,239200,24056284,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gasgara,I got Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs for just $16.00 for the preorder. It's now 80% off and less than $4. Don't be a swine.
,Not Recommended,239200,31355354,Posted: 25 April,all,Charlie's in the trees!,"The scariest part of A Machine for Pigs for me was the beginning; not because it was actually scary, but because I was all psyched out thinking about TDD. After playing for a bit, I realized nothing was really happening, so I calmed down and stayed calm. I don't really remember much of the story any more, just that it read like someone took the ""scary"" creative writing assignment of a sixteen year old and turned it into a game. The ""reveal"" in the story was ridiculously obvious from the beginning, and I wouldn't have thought about it as a ""reveal"" except that I remember them making a big deal about it. You can't attempt a ""soylent green is people"" moment when every bit of narrative you provide is as heavy handed as opening a freezer and seeing a box labeled ""totally not people parts"". AMFP was such a disappointment.Even if it wasn't a let down, $20 for a game that has less than 5 hours of playability (and I actually explored as much as this walking simulator lets you), isn't really worth it."
,Recommended,239200,10331589,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ReverendSalem,"I have a confession to make.I never finished the first Amnesia. It's more accurate to say that, according to Steam, I have played 28 minutes of Amnesia: The Dark Descent. That includes times spent setting up options in the menu. So in reality, I've gotten far enough that the first strong gust of wind howled through a corridor before I quit. I'd like to say that's because I didn't like the controls. Admittedly, I do prefer gamepads to mouse and keyboard, but the atmospheric elements of Amnesia: TDD kinda scared me.Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs recently went on sale for 66% off on Steam, so I decided to roll the dice. It does, for the record, support gamepads. As far as the technical aspects of the game, Frictional teamed with The Chinese Room, creators of Dear Esther (developer of 2008's popular First Person Walking Simulator Dear Esther). It's got a fairly hefty options menu, and the game looks gorgeous (when you can see it).  It ran well on my GTX770, and once I'd nailed down a particularly nasty case of screen tearing (disable in-game Vsync, both regular and adaptive, and enable it in the Nvidia Control Panel or your ATI equivalent), the game ran at a smooth 60 FPS with no screen tearing. The gamepad controls were responsive and simple to learn, and even the object manipulation mechanic of the first game translated well from mouse to thumbsticks.This is not an overly complex game, though. It's pedigree shows through, as many sources have said that this game is far simpler in its gameplay mechanics than the previous Amnesia title. Your lantern has unlimited oil. There are no items to pick up, no laudanum to keep you sane. Your character is obviously far more mentally stable, seeing as the monsters in this game doesn't affect your ability to cope with the world around you.Where A Machine For Pigs really shines is its storytelling. You wake up in a caged bedroom of a properly posh Victorian mansion, and bits of story are slowly fed to you throughout your descent (a dark one!) into the heart of a Steampunk monstrosity of brass tubes, gears, pistons, and oh-so-many nauseating swine carcasses. Like many dark horror stories, there are aspects that fall apart if you look at it too closely, but the game wraps up before most people have time to question those aspects. The game runs about 4 to 4 and a half hours, but that's a tight 4 and a half hours, with very few wasted moments, and a hectic (if overly obviously scripted) sequence later in the game where the monsters really come into play. Overall, it's dripping (quite literally at times) with atmosphereIs it worth the usual $20 price tag? That's all going to depend on whether you're a big horror buff. Personally, I'm not. That I only paid < $7 for the game, goes a long way to my personal valuation. I feel I got my money's worth, even though it didn't quite hit that “dollar-per-hour” magic mark. If you're a fan of horror, I recommend this at a higher price than I paid, especially if you like your horror to come from the storytelling as much as the gameplay."
76561198070919188,Not Recommended,239200,12268883,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ComeAroundPhoenix,"I was expecting great things from this game after playing the first amnesia. There was never a scary moment in this game or even a moment where i questioned ""Should I really go around that corner/open that door?"" I beat it the day in released in about 4 hours. The story is not all that bad really but really thats all there is because like I mentioned there isn't much thats makes the game feel creepy. There was no oil and tinderboxes which was a bummer because it was one of the coolest things from the original. The graphics were pretty cool but the game itself didn't run well, I thought it might get fixed at some point but never did and this was another big issue for me. If you want a true amnesia experience just stick with the original this merely felt like a free to play point and click experience."
,Recommended,239200,8790705,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Firnen,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is quite the game; first off, the graphics are utterly beautiful. It's quite obvious that a lot went into the multiple environments and the dark levels. It looks brilliant and it feels great, you can stand there and soak up all the detail in each individual level. The story is utterly brilliant, it’s dark and somewhat surprising, if this game would to be made into a book, and it would be a damn good one. It’s immersive (the story) and it’s one of the kind of stories that don’t really start from ‘A’ to ‘B’ but it’s one of those stories where you’re caught somewhere between ‘A’ and ‘B’ and you pick it up along the way. It may seem like a good game, right? Well…On the downside, most of us were expecting a scare right? Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs sadly falls short of that department. The A.I aren’t as scary as the one’s in the first, they don’t seem to be ‘hunting’ you, most of the time they’re just shuffling along past you looking pretty for the spotlight. On that note, the monsters look brilliant, but personally are a little stupid. Most of the interactive environment as we see in Amnesia: The Dark Descent is taken away so we’re given more of an immersive experience (This has its upsides and downsides.) Also, this makes the game more of a ‘rail’ where you are lead most of the way to the end and it’s not as tempting to go find hidden items/secrets because there's really nothing to find, besides the main path. Also, the Inventory is taken away as well as the first Amnesia’s famous Sanity Bar, which on the plus side leaves us with fewer things to worry about, but sort of takes away the risk of it all.Don’t get me wrong, the game is fantastic in story, and graphics, but falls woefully short in what most of us came to this game for: the fear. Personally, if this game were to have ‘Amnesia’ taken out of the title, and only left with ‘A Machine for Pigs’ as a stand-alone game. Then this game would be very unique and fantastic, but as a sequel to the first Amnesia, it doesn’t do so well.Personal Gaming Score:6/10Highly recommend this game for those wanting an immersive story/environment or those looking for a great game to play, but a bit of a disappointment for those looking for a scary game or came here from the first game."
,Not Recommended,239200,8802746,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ansamat,"For the record I played about 3 to 4 hours of this game (offline mode).I was a big fan of the Penumbra Series, and of the first Amnesia. I was amazed at the amount of ineractivity, even if there was no reason for it. I loved the puzzles, and the fact that sometimes the sulotion was as simple and as frustrating as smashing open a power box with a brick I found on the floor.There was a definite story improvement as the Penumbra series went on, and I was also impressed with Amnesias storytelling, and effects on the player and their mental health.However, A Machine For Pigs lost me. Most of the world was non-interactive, i never had to move things out of the way to look behind them, the puzzles just seemed to be, can you get this simple thing. There was no patterns that I had to solve, or mental puzzles that had to be thought out, or even things that I could get lucky on, it just all seemed to mainstream simple to me. The effects on the players mental health etc only took place for short bursts, and mostly just made you unable to move. Felt much more like a classic movie horror, then an actually scary puzzle game.Don't get me wrong here, if you let yourself be scared, you still will be.It did have some of the good elements, like not quite letting you see the scary thing on the other side of that wall, and the audio (recommend headphones) was as always terrifying. However the other missing elements stopped me from being fully emersed in the game.I tried going back to the game a few times, hoping that the old style would return after the introduction section, but I am sad to say that it didn't.I will continue to admire the original author for what he created before, but I can't see myself buying the next game if this is the direction it is taking.I will however, highly recommend all the previous titles, I even bought copies of a few for friends.And to be direct, i played the first amnesia for free, then bought it because it was worth the money. Then I bought Penumbra.If the author is taking feedback, here are my suggestions:1. Return to interactivity, make the objects in the world pick-upable, they can move, and can be pushed by other objects, but not picked up.2. make the puzzles hard again, I know you can make more money by creating simplistic puzzles for the common player, but it just defeats the game.3. Bring back the horror, instead of having ""horror"" cut scenes, bring back the character getting scared of things even if they have seen them before,There also needs be other options for ""would you reccomend this game"" I Can't decide, I am saying no though, purely compared to the previous games.However I would also recommend this game, it was worth playing, it just wasn't compared to the previous games.I will try to finish this game if I can, one last time, before I give up on it."
,Recommended,239200,10280718,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Shuffles,"Just as creepy as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, A Machine For Pigs does not disappoint. Lost in the confusion of an unsightly threat, you stumble amongst the cogs and steam in hunt for a way to end the chaos. Grab your lamp and beware the machine - the pigs are coming."
,Not Recommended,239200,17749428,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Morgan Creamin',"It's a Chinese Room game and they gave themselves WAYYYYY more credit than they're worth when they were marketing. Just buy play Amnesia, Penumbra, or wait for SOMA if you want good, scary games.But mostly, it's a Chinese Room game."
76561198035127739,Not Recommended,239200,8611962,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Lonith,This game is a big let down and not worth the money or time to play.
,Recommended,239200,11538561,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Wonder Blue,"More linear, shorter, less puzzles and less interactivity than the original. But I peed my pants at least three times. 10/10."
76561198141033743,Recommended,239200,28986905,Posted: 3 January,all,jameshanksy,"I can see why people reacted so badly to this game, though I did still enjoy it. I finished it pretty quickly and felt that it didn't quite fit in with what made the original Amnesia so great, though I find it hard to describe quite what this was.In terms of atmosphere, the original game was more subtle and the setting made the player feel isolated, which really added to the feeling of helplessness that made it so much scarier. The monsters and plot of this game are more ridiclous and far-fetched, which makes it feel rushed. I did appreciate the originality of it though.I think the worst aspect of the game was the lack of challenge or gripping gameplay; this is why I think that The Chinese Room were not the right developers for it, as they're best known for walking simulators which Amnesia should never have been."
76561197964239768,Not Recommended,239200,18555654,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Hypnotoad,"To put it short, for me this game fails to deliver the athmosphere and the horror of the previous games."
,Not Recommended,239200,12596243,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Voorprettig,"Ater playing and thoroughly enjoying ""Amnesia: The Dark Decent"" I was delighted to hear that there was going to be a sequel (in spirit). The atmosphere is quickly set by the story introduction, but sadly it couldn't keep that atmosphere all the way through. The flair of Amnesia is the feeling that you can't fight whatever is after you, sneaking around and hiding are your only way to survive. In Machine for Pigs this mechanic is less pronounced. I felt like the enemies weren't that treatening, I felt like I could run, like I could beat them. This is notthe feeling that creates terror (something that I expect from a game in the horror genre). Overall I wouldn't recommend Machine for Pigs."
,Not Recommended,239200,9922317,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Tornan00,"It was honestly pretty bad, especially if compared to the first one. For starters, it was a rather short game especially being the same $20 price as the first Amnesia game, which consited of much more playtime. The storyline was father boring and consited of a very predictable plot twist towards the end. Enemy encouters were hard to come by and usually lasted only a couple seconds along with being really easy to avoid. They removed the inventory, sanity feature, oil, tinderboxes, as well as the ability to interact with items in the environment. From other reviews read along with conversations in forums it appears the game also consits of capability issues making it hard for some people to even be able to play the game. If you are someone looking to purchase this game just buy the first one, Amnesia: The Dark Descent. And if you already bought it and beat it you're better of just downloading custom stories which are free and very easy to install."
,Recommended,239200,30971412,Posted: 5 April,all,Boxes,A game about a machine that turns people into Amy Shumer.
76561198078830918,Not Recommended,239200,25909879,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sheisty Individual,"Starts promising, builds some sort of atmosphere but never delivers.I remember wanting to quit the game in Amnesia because of the tension built or the overall feeling of uneasetowards the end of the game.With this one,I wanted to quit the game out of boredom.That's the difference.But that's just me."
,Not Recommended,239200,22975021,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Pan!c,"Did you like Amnesia: The Dark Descent?[Y] - Don't get this one.[N] - Don't get this one.Unless you have swinophobia you won't find it particularly scary. It lacks the atmosphere and great monster design that made TDD great. It's not that bad, but The Chinese Room really ♥♥♥♥ed up on this one. Writing and premise is kind of hackneyed and the atmosphere is nonexistant. I remember seeing the first monster in TDD and thinking, ""Man that looks ♥♥♥♥ed up, I wonder what that is."" In AMFP, however, I didn't feel creeped out and when I saw my first monster it was a three foot tall pig man whom I got a very clear glimpse of and felt cheated by a mere 30 min. into the game. Better luck next time."
76561198107037470,Recommended,239200,24164455,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,the pressure to conform,Like 'Dear Esther' but with pigs
76561198057911876,Recommended,239200,8005420,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Yazite,"As a huge fan of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, I had very high expectations for this game.Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs is a disturbing and distressing entry into the Amnesia universe. The story focuses on Mandus, a wealthy industrialist from the late 19th century who wakes up with, well, Amnesia. His intention is to find his children who are no where to be found.The atmosphere in Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs (AMFP) is always spooky and unsettling. There is never a moment where you don't apprehend something scary happening. I suppose this could be argued to be a disadvantage. The environments are both visually good looking and interesting and always kept me staring at things.I personally believe that AMFP does not live up to Amnesia: The Dark Descent(TDD). Although AMFP kept me on my toes for most of the game, I feel that there are some integral things missing. Those which made TDD a truly brilliant horror game.First of all, the monsters. Probably the most important element in a horror game, the monsters are the beings which make you fear every door opening and puzzle completion. The monsters in AMFP were not terribly frightening as those in TDD. There is something about human form monsters being scarier than animal form monsters, in the sense that I suppose we can relate to human form monsters, rather than animal form. By human form I mean stand up straight on two legs, like the monsters in TDD. The monsters in TDD are horrific because of their disfigured bodies, especially The Grunt. As for the telsa pig...well... I found it to be a bit silly.""You can look, but you can't touch"" - If you know what this is, then you know what is coming next... Interaction. An important concept from TDD. But, it was completely removed in AMFP, apart from a few essential things required to progress through the story. This was... dissapointing. I loved the aspect in TDD. Picking up books and looking at them made the game even more immersive. The fact that this is not present in AMFP seems a bit...lazy. Yes I said it. The Chinese Room were very aware that this was an important concept in TDD and yet failed to implement it properly in AMFP.Another important point that may seem trivial to some, is the absence of ""Danger close monster music"". The monster music in TDD was brilliantly composed. The truly chilling and terrifying music, that played when a monster was near, rang in my mind after playing TDD. I think that it would have been an excellent addition to AMFP if this was implemented. Although, when a monster is near in AMFP, the absence of music is still fairly scary. Also...the flickering lamp concept. Just seems like it ruins the point of a horror game, being warned that something scary is approaching.OK, rant over.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a fantastic game, don't get me wrong. It just seems like it could be better. It is a very disturbing game that focuses on a distrurbing and strong story.If you enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, then you may be a little disappointed by AMFP, but none the less, you will enjoy this game for what there is. So try to avoid comparing if to TDD because the truth is that it is not as good, but it is still enjoyable."
,Recommended,239200,23863735,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,{SR} Blue Shibe,"It was the first horror game which I beat, and I did so in one sitting. It was scary, but not too scary, and I really enjoyed it!"
76561197973570279,Not Recommended,239200,9111248,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,fuzzlebunny,"This is a shoddy sequel to ""Amnesia: Dark Descent"". It's not scary. There's so much ""poetry"" it's just pretentious. There aren't any difficult sneaking stages or even any good puzzles. Basically, it plays like ""Dear Esther"" (also made by the chinese room), where all you do is walk through a story. Except in this game the protagonist has these annoying flashbacks ever so often, during which he can't walk for♥♥♥♥♥♥and you get frustrated because ALL YOU WANT TO DO IS WALK DOWN THE HALL, WHY CAN'T HE DO IT AT A NORMAL PACE WHILE HE DRONES ON AND ON ABOUT ALL YOUR STUPID WOES?!!I finished this game, hoping to find some redeeming quality. I did: It could be uninstalled."
76561198068808260,Recommended,239200,8610047,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Meat man,"Amnesia A Machine for Pigs isn't the sequel I was expecting. The Dark Descent filled me with horrors and left me with many sleepless nights. It was and still is in my opinion, the best horror game ever made. Amnesia A Machine for Pigs placed me in the shoes of the wealthy Oswald Mandus, another Amnesiac like Daniel. Like its predocessor, the game successfully builds tension unlike any other. I was terrifyed as I opened any door for fear of what lurked on the other side. The story surpasses The Dark Descent's, and the game has one of the best soundtracks I have ever had the pleasure of hearing. The Sanity Meter is gone, which saddened me, and I no longer had to scavenge for Landanum and Oil for my lantern. And then there's the monsters. I won't spoil anything, but when I did encounter them, even though they are terrifying, the soundtrack didn't distort and the screen didn't blurr, which was one of my favourite things about the original. Even though the game was stripped of these mechanics, Amnesia A Machine for Pigs was still an inticing and thoroughly engrossing experience. I highly reccomend it to fans of the original and horror fans in genreal. Amnesia A Machine for Pigs isn't the kind of horror you may be expecting, but it's a welcome change that stands out from many other horror games, and it has and will stick with me for a long time."
76561198062061448,Not Recommended,239200,23712167,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Oswaldian,"I must admit, I had the highest expectations for this game. Since it was labelled as the sequel to the brilliant (and bloody scary) Amnesia TDD. However, this was anything but a sequel to me.With the dark descent, the sanity mechanic was a key factor in maintaining fear, as it would put you under more and more pressure, forcing you to be resourceful and managing the use of the lantern to avoid the inevitable. However, in machine for pigs, the lantern is still there but sanity is gone, and the lantern never even runs out. This causes you to feel secure as you don't have to think about the lantern ever running out, let alone even needing to use it (most areas were adequately lit). The dark descent also had a brilliant way of making you scared of nothing. Creepy sounds, unnerving ambience and groaning monsters made you believe that you were under attack, even though you weren't. Machine for pigs didn't have nearly as much of this as TDD, and at times I barely felt scared, let alone unnerved or tensioned.The dark descent was critiscised for it's linear maps and somewhat weak storyline, which was understandable and a good story does help in a game like this. Even though this is fixed with machine for pigs, I never took the time to notice since the game wants you to focus on it's supposedly ""disturbing"" and ""interesting"" dialogue. For christ's sake, if I was at least unnerved by the atmosphere then I might have wanted to realise what was going on. No wonder this game has been said to be a ""walking simulator"". I mean, if you want one of those then get a treadmill.The story was alright at best, since the vast amount of text and pitiful amount of gameplay was distracting. It's ironic that the previous little issues in the dark descent that distracted you from the horror are the ones that have been fixed, and make it worse. Yes, the story is better than the dark descent, but I was expecting a horror game. Something branded with the title ""Amnesia"" suggests that it will be scary. The addition of this game has done nothing but ruin the name.I completed this game in roughly 4 hours, which was not long by any means. The odd part is that it felt as if I was flying by. The dark descent was scary, and this would often make you stop and take a break (and a poo). I was trying to progress into the game and trying to find some scares, and before I could it was over.Then I realised, why is this game so utterly underwhelming? I read up and found out that it wasn't made by frictional games, it was made by the chinese room. There's the problem. They only know how to make these walking simulators (dear esther), so it would be obvious that they would have incorporated some aspects into machine for pigs. This does show however, that it was the worst idea ever and they should have actually tried making it scary, instead of being like glue and not adapting to the given task.My final words are, just buy the dark descent if you haven't already and play some custom stories. Tenebris lake, The great work and Subconscious trials are all better than this game, and are all made by a couple of guys with no budget."
,Not Recommended,239200,9150970,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Satsujinki,"This game is quite lacking with atmosphere which it was ok. It was quite scary and there are no horror and nothing. Except atmosphere. They removed the system and sanity. Only if I would play the original amnesia, then I would've never like this!"
,Recommended,239200,17012921,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Smoothie Wolf,"Although it doesn't come close to it's predecessor in terms of scare factor, it manages to make up for it with an incredible storyline.The lack of custom stories this time around is a bit of a let down, but I'm sure fans will find enough content here.It's notThe Dark Descent, but it's still a great horror game.8/10★★★★"
,Recommended,239200,18769726,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,razekH$^,"A really good horror game , i highly recommend it"
,Not Recommended,239200,8668763,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TMFaisal,اللعبة خيبت ظني لأسباب كثيرةكمية الرعب فيها قليلة والقصة قصيرة غير هذا القلتشات فيها كثيرةومافيها قائمة للأغراض وألغازها سهلة وما تقدر تشيل أي شي بس أشياء محددةالجزء الأول أرعب وأطول بكثير من هذا الجزء وقصته أفضلأنصحكم تشترون الأول لأنه من جد لعبة رعب منافسة لأوت لاست
76561198074611143,Not Recommended,239200,12295148,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,philgamesw90,"Major letdown from the first game. Everything is simplified, and the scares are very repetitive with a non-engaging story."
,Recommended,239200,7916742,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,✌Snoenツ,"Great game, not as scary as the first one, but i must admit i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants a couple of times. 10/10 :)"
76561198030668819,Recommended,239200,24402289,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mdfashionco.com FRESH SWAG,Lacking in actual gameplay but making up for it in atmosphere and the succesful realisation of a good concept.
,Recommended,239200,832446,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,rgk,"Very compelling story and atmosphere, I liked them way better than The Dark Descent. Though the game is not 'scary' and there is no situation as intense as the encounter with the water monster in the first AmnesiaThe gameplay is simplified, making it for a more seamless progression. On the other hand, I cannot fathom why the game wants to move the player forward when he dies instead of having him try again.I had a great time, I just wished the encounters were more challenging."
76561198019557045,Recommended,239200,28166736,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,A.G.B.,"Pros: smothering atmosphere. Brutal horror with more hinting than showing. Great voice acting. Varied level design. Well-written. Enemies aren't frustrating, while remaining scary and grotesque.Cons: even if you take your time, it's short. Low replayability. Bloated story. Overlong notes, with no voice-over. Graphics don't look as good as in The Dark Descent. Almost no interaction. No inventory. Puzzles are boring and too easy. No resource management. Takes away a lot of what we love about The Dark Descent, and doesn't replace it with anything. Too few enemies and too little danger.I recommend it to fans of The Dark Descent who want more in that universe, and don't mind that it's very different."
,Recommended,239200,8290849,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,MontyPatrick,"Do keep in mind that this is a game that I would NOT directly compare to its predecessor. Don't expect to lose sleep over this game. It just won't happen. BUT! This game offers an amazing story about a man and his fight against the consious creation of his.I will say the scary moments are predictable (whenever your lantern flickers, that is.). There is less hiding from the monster. Less of what makes Amnesia: The Dark Descent so good.This doesn't mean the game is bad by any means. But don't go into it expecting to get the same sensation you would from the Dark Descent."
76561198025352317,Recommended,239200,10537428,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,NorDicbutte,"Got it for something like -20% on steam, totally worth it. Not as long and as scary as the previous one, but the story was deep sh*t and they had made a huge improvement on graphics and sound."
,Recommended,239200,1823246,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,アントン,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs — удивительный проект этого года.Новый ""хоррор"" делали неординарные ребята из The Chinese Room. Это сразу дает нам понять, что перед нами игра в которой придется напрячь извилины. Нам не дадут все пережеванное на серебряной ложечке как это делают в дешевых сериалах. Нас поставят перед определенными фактами, после которых вы будете задавать вопрос: Что произошло? Когда произошло? Кто он? А почему так? В конце концов, было ли это вообще?А игра вам сухо будет отвечать: Думай. Смотри и думай.1899 года, канун новой эры, промышленный век. Как и в предыдущей части игры, наш протагонист просыпается и естественно ничего не помнит. А что нам нужно вспомнить? Лучше узнать самому. Из первых рук.Интерактивность в игре пропала практически полностью. Конечно будут дикие индивидуумы которые забракуют игру лишь по этому поводу. Не обращайте внимание. Так же вас может насторожить частые претензии на отсутствие такого обширного понятие как ""страх"". Есть ли он? Определенно да! Можно сказать ""Машина для Свиней"" страшнее своего предшественника.Если первая часть нас пугала на достаточно примитивном животном уровне - неожиданном появлении жуткого гуманоида из темного угла. Что согласитесь, уже глупо.  То вторая часть пугает своей историей которая может сравнить с романами самого Стивена Кинга.Проходите в полной темноте, не для примитивного страха, а для определенной атмосферы. Видите в записках Имя? Дату? Событие? Сразу идите в интернет. Читайте. Это только вам в плюс, это дополнит мозаику сюжета. Не забывайте про картины, они хоть и могут повторяться, но все они весят на правильно месте. Дерзайте.5/5 — Отлично!P.S Если вы встретите человека, который сравнивает A Machine for Pigs и Outlast. Бегите! Этот человек думает не тем местом."
,Recommended,239200,35166541,Posted: 23 September,all,Andrigaar,"Take one part The Shining (murmuring ghost children), dash on top a 1970s slaughterhouse movie, plenty of mystery meat, and a protagonist with mood swings.  Throw them into a blender and scream ""BATTLEPIGS!  ASSEMBLE!"" in a thick London accent as you turn it on.It's not a bad game, but this is a weak recommendation.  First hour was super-creepy, then the next 3-4 were holding shift and wishing for auto-run so you could end the game sooner.  For so short a game, it still overstays its welcome up to and through the final hour as the story turns to horror cliches that were telegraphed too strongly.  Also the visual filters and motion blur during memory discussions were downright irritating to obnoxious."
,Recommended,239200,34874057,Posted: 10 September,all,Ian,"Hard not to compare it to The Dark Descent, but I'm happy to be able to say it clearly has its own personality as an horror game, mechanics aside, the music, art and storytelling make this an unique experience for the genre."
,Recommended,239200,20331146,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mama Catastrofelor,"Finished it in 2 hours. Good game, but 20$ for 2 hours of gameplay? Kinda steep."
76561197993304116,Recommended,239200,24487303,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,tj.mortimer,"As someone else said, it's ""Dear Esther"" with pigs.Embrace this as the Chinese Room walking simulator it is - you will be disappointed if you expect a traditional Amnesia sequel (that's what SOMA is for).Machine For Pigs is a very well woven story in an incredibly atmospheric game with some not-too-puzzling puzzles - well worth the few hours it takes to play through.The downside? Surprisingly for an ""Amnesia"" game, the few monsters you meet add little to the narrative and the encounters are more irritating than terrifying."
,Recommended,239200,8624908,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Lincoln Balloon,"The reputation A Machine for Pigs has garnered since it came out has proven that the game is, if nothing else, controversial amongst gamers (particularly fans of the first game, The Dark Descent).  For my part, I really enjoyed this one, even if it made some noticable changes to the way the game plays.In this new Amnesia, you will no longer have to manage resources.  The inventory and sanity systems are gone, and your latern never runs out of fuel (it does flicker however, when enemies are nearby, which is a good touch).  Personally, I don't mind any of these changes because it fits the style that A Machine for Pigs is going for.  It wants to be a more brooding and atmospheric game with a bigger focus on the story, and forcing you to deal with sanity and the like would be counterproductive.But despite that, there is one change I cannot understand: the limitation of physical interaction with your environment.  In the first game, you could pick up many different objects lying around the environment and toss them around.  Aside from helping with puzzle solving, it was a good way to immerse you in your surroundings.  But in A Machine for Pigs, many of the objects you see are just static, which bothers me especially because there's sometimes no good logic for which ones can or cannot be interacted with.Even so, I could recommend this game based solely on the environment and story alone.  The environment is awesome.  The rumble of an giant unearthly machine spinning to life below your feet and shaking the mansion you start the game in is something to truly behold.  The various steampunk influences on the environment are clearly visible, especially later in the game as you start going underground.  The story is also something to behold.  Compared to the first game, the story of A Machine for Pigs is probably its strongest point.  It's a twisted tale of loss, redemption, madness, and hits on some themes you probably won't see coming.  After completing the game, I couldn't get it out of my head for weeks.  It may start slow, but the final hour of the game is worth it (the entire game took me five hours or so to beat).  It's a tale of psychological horror you won't soon forget.The implications of being a sequel to what many call the scariest game ever made are big.  A Machine for Pigs may not be the Amnesia sequel many people wanted, but as a game in its own right it stands as something incredibly deep and thought-provoking.  The gameplay may not be as complicated as the original, but the story and atmosphere are both incredible experiences.  Playing the first game is not required to enjoy the story, although there are some references you won't understand if you haven't played it, and it definitely gives certain things a new context.  My final verdict: recommended for those with an open-mind and a love for complex and thought-provoking stories."
,Recommended,239200,10208061,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,WWEdeadman,"Contrary to the popular opinion, I think this game was good. It might not be on the level of it's predecessor (Amnesia: The dark descent (TDD) ), but it sure had incredibly good athmosphere, was scary, and had a good story behind it, even if the link to the story of TDD seemed a bit forced in.The fact that some of the encounters with the ""monsters"" in this game were not actually dangerous to the in-game character wasn't a big downer, since you wouldn't know which encounters were actually dangerous. The puzzles in this game were far less ""putzzling"" than those in TDD, though.All in all there are thigs that they could have done better, but this game is worth getting anyway."
,Not Recommended,239200,34126936,Posted: 9 August,all,WarPigs,"It's aesthetically beautiful. But they removed many of the survival features (I.E sanity and oil bar), thus, making it easy to simply through the entire game without fear of passing out.Plot, is unique, but, the storyline progression sucks.We pretty much get the gist of what the dad did after reading the first 3-4 books.Half the items, you can't pick up anymore, like throwing bottles to create distractions, etc.It's fanmade. They did great aesthetically, but poor in gameplay experience."
,Recommended,239200,10493065,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Mazrogal,It was short finished in about 4 hours but it was a OK horror experience not as good as the first amnesia that scared the living out of me but i liked the sound and music in this one. Well worth the money spent on it.
,Recommended,239200,10582765,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,McPhyre,"Not your typical horror game. If a mix between the original Amnesia and Dear Esther sound enjoyable to you, this one's right up your alley. Great mood, music, some good jumps, intriguing story.9/10"
,Recommended,239200,8148525,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bollockoff,It's less of a game than the previous title but the writing quality make this very worthy of your time. Dear Esther with less cryptic crap and more squealing.
,Recommended,239200,4119246,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Warrior,"A cerebral and spooky sequel that expands on the franchise’s story and themes, while slightly dialing down the terror."
,Recommended,239200,8153041,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,BadHandbanana,"Not as good as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but still good."
,Recommended,239200,7980294,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lucky Kid,"You know, I play dozens of games, I play a lot of horror games but I´d never expect that a game would scare me as AmnesiaThe dynamic of this game mixed up with the essence of both psychologically and visual horror just like footsteps in the house or (more or less) things that may sound like voices make you feel creepy as hell, also the way of the dark rooms and hiding places would make you feel mad. Later on in this game when you have to run away from the pigmans you will get a feeling you never had especially when you are in a room with them just hiding in a kind of locker or wardrobe, the adrenalin will flash you.The Amnesia series is not an experiment in how games can be scary, it’s an exemplification!This game is awesome nothing more to say about it (10/10)"
76561197966619209,Not Recommended,239200,19643945,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Virck,"I just got bored, all of the puzzles, constantly having to slink away from cops, trying to hide all of my meth in various places, even keep my duffel bag that had a built in lamp with me.  3 hours played, finished it up by watching a walkthrough."
,Not Recommended,239200,19518862,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dark Star,"This game is an enormous letdown after Amnesia 1. All the gameplay features have been stripped out (no more inventory, items, or puzzles, and the few segments that have enemies are♥♥♥♥♥♥easy), the horror is nonexistent and the scares are comical (OH NO YET ANOTHER PIG HEAD), the writing is awful and the plot is baffling, the enemies are laughable, and the whole thing is only a couple hours long. Go play Penumbra or Alien if you're itching for a stealth horror game."
,Not Recommended,239200,33731636,Posted: 22 July,all,Smile Cat,In my (OPINION) i think amnesia the dark decent was better because it had an inventory and a sanity meter. I also found Amnesia the dark decent to be scarier.
76561198139536559,Not Recommended,239200,17883708,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kirkdawg,"Before playing this game I had very high expectations about it, the first was was pretty good so I assumed that this one would be just as good. However, this game had a story line that was hard to follow and has random events that i didnt feel link to the previous and also very little scares in it which makes it more disapointing. I had some fun playing this game but I dont think that it was worth the hype it got or the money to pay for it. Overall was worth about 6/10 being generous."
76561198037000115,Recommended,239200,4428463,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Valkrex,"I loved this game. I truly believe it was fantastic.It is definitely different than The Dark Descent, but it engaged me just as strong as the original did along with terrifying me in new ways.The level design,story, atomosphere, lighting, and sound all come together to create a world that is disturbing, frightening, forbidding, and at the same time compelling. I was terrified to continue exploring, but I was too curious not too. I needed to know what was going on. I NEEDED to know, who the main character was, what had happened to his family, and what this massive machine truely was.Once I began my descent into this machine, I felt the horror and mystery begin to dig their icy claws into my soul.The Dark Descent gained most of its terror from the atmosphere and its monsters trying to kill you. Here it is what the atmosphere, main character, story, monsters, and surroundings, and what they representthat is so terrifying. It is also a strong exploration into the mind of a madman, as he tries to atone for his mistakes and come to terms with the horrible things he has done.Once I had begun to unravel the story, where the pigs came from, the main character's past, the machine's purpose, and what it all represented to me, I experienced a style of terror and horror that I have not felt since Silent Hill 2.A Machine for Pigs is NOT The Dark Descent. It has a much stronger stoyr focus, simplified gameplay, and completely different ways of horrigying you, so if you go into this expecting The Dark Descent 2, then you may be disappointed.If you wanted another Dark Descent, then go play The Dark Descent. I however, don't like when horror games stay in the same area too long (I'm looking at you resident evil) but a true way to expand upon horror is to approach it in new ways.A Machine for Pigs does this, and it does it damn well."
,Not Recommended,239200,21447578,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"The Chinese Room takes Amnesia on a trip down to the pigpen to drag it through the mud. It has a fairly strong opening and atmosphere, but the almost complete removal of interaction, the bizarre unravelling of the ending that veers off towards comical territory and its short length, stain the title deeply.A significant decline in quality from the first entry in the series.5/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,9447634,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,BECH,"The game still has the same atmosphere but do not live up to its predecessor, it's a shame"
,Not Recommended,239200,398276,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Mikan,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, I wouldn't say it's a very good Amnesia game.If you are expecting Amnesia or Penumbra, Stop. This is not the same type of game.This is more or less a lot like Dear Eshter, a mod made into game, that is simply you walking around listening to stories by the narrator.In Amnesia AMFP's case, you are doing very little puzzles and mainly just walking around as things happen, there is really no point in searching for any items, because there are NONE to gather! You are directed to every single object required to finish a puzzle and you don't do much aside from walking around, turn on a valve or two or pull some levers, then walk some more, often the narrative takes control from you, for the sake of telling you the story.Cons:- Lack of inventory, there are no items to combine for a puzzle or things to conserve.- Lack of sanity meter, you don't have to worry about anything.- Most of the environments were dull and you can't interact with it, 80-90% of the time like in Amnesia and Penumbra. They look good though, but thats about it.- The flashlight you find is endless, it requires no fuel or battery.- Exploring in it is kind of pointless since all you are looking for are notes, and if there are puzzles, you mostly find stuff immediately, there is nothing cleverly hidden.Pros:- The Score is pretty good.- Most of the areas had nice-good atmosphere.- It had very good concepts for the most part.I would say more about the story and monster, but this remains spoiler free.Overall, I rate this game 5/10, it's not really a survival horror game, it's just a walking horror tale."
,Not Recommended,239200,24408564,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Kaopoke,"Not nearly as good as The Dark Descent, there's no inventory and no insanity meter, the monster isn't nearly as scary to me either and it's easy to soft-lock the game while playing through it normally. Also, frame-rate is capped at 60 FPS with no way to unlock it (setting Engine LimitFPS to false didn't work for me)."
,Recommended,239200,297917,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"I don't get these people who are saying that Amnesia is ruined by this entry. They're wrong, they're all wrong. However, this is a completely different Amnesia, one that sacrifices sanity meters and tinderboxes for more atmospheric Victorian horror. I actually think it should have gone further, because some elements remove me from the experience so their voice actors can have a talk at the player. There is also a dispiriting lack of chases by monsters. So why did this game take two years to make? Because it's a finely crafted experience, one with excellent design and unrelenting dread, the kind that actually creeped me the ♥♥♥♥ out instead of vaguely irritating me. Even the jump scares, an incredibly worn out cliche, are done effectively and with reason. So if you need your sanity meters, chases around the dinner table with monsters, and are not willing to sit down and actually listen to what the game is trying to impart, consider playing something else. Everyone else: The sequel to Amnesia is here."
,Not Recommended,239200,9607760,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tiger Guy,"Well. Im not too sure what to say about AAMFP. I, being a huge fan of TDD, had been looking into this game since it was announced. The idea of the game really got me pumped up, and the lack of real information made me even more excited about its release. The amount of delays was really upsetting though. The game (I think) was originally set to release in October 2012 (Again, Im not sure), but was released in September 2013. When the game showed up on Steams store page, I instantly bought it for pre-load. On the day it came out, I instantly got out of bed, started up my PC and started playing. In short, it was one of the most dissapointing things ever. For starters, Custom Story was taken off. That part really upset me. Gameplay wise, there is now no inventory system, no tender boxes, and unlimited oil, taking away greatly from the survival horror feel. Also, the Insanity system was removed. When a monster is seen, it doesnt give the insanity effect that was seen in TDD. Story wise, I thought they had something going. I liked the idea of the story. It is one of the main reasons I got excited for the game in the first place. But like a lot of the other reviews are saying, it is like a toned down versoin of TDD. Im not saying that its the worst game ever made or anything. I just thing that maybe, just maybe, if Frictional Games was the only one who worked on this, it could be a little bit better. You can check the game out yourself if you haven't, but if you have never played The Dark Decent, I suggest you play that one. Or Outlast"
,Not Recommended,239200,2827015,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Hugh G. Rekshun,"I'm writing this not as a recommendation, but as a warning. This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. I have never in my life been let down so unbelievably hard by a game in my entire life. When this game was announced, I was hoping that it would at least live up to the first one, but it doen't just fall short of being a good sequel. It falls short of being a good game. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I wasn't scared slightly ♥♥♥♥ING ONCE during the entire FOUR HOUR game. The monsters are non threatening, there are no machanics that have been updated or added, there's no tension, no oppressive atmosphere, the puzzles were simplistic and idiotic, the story is stupid and convoluded, and your character is immediately unlikeable in every aspect. Not to mention that your entire motivation is to find your kids (how ♥♥♥♥ing cliche can you get). I went through the entire game wondering ""Why the ♥♥♥♥ should I care"". There are no redeeming qualities of this game whatsoever. If you want a good survival horror game, go buy Outlast by Red Barrel.DO NOT BUY THIS STEAMING PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239200,1958571,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,AMV_Ph34r,"The date is December 31, 1899. You play as Oswald Mandus, a wealthy English businessman and a loving father, who has recently returned from a trip to Mexico. Sick and feverish, Mandus is startled awake in the middle of the night by the sound of his children calling out for him. Following the echoes of their voices, Mandus enters the cellar of his house. If only he knew what he would discover down in the depths.A Machine for Pigs is probably best described as an indirect sequel to The Dark Descent, and though it shares the Amnesia name, the developers are not the same, and jumping in with the expectations of it being the same game will only leave you disappointed. A Machine for Pigs is by no means a bad game, but it certainly is different from its predecessor.Gameplay-wise, the most noticeable changes are the many elements that are absent compared to The Dark Descent, most notably the sanity meter and inventory. Rather than picking up items and combining them to solve puzzles, you instead must physically carry around anything that you need, and can only hold one item at a time. While this does make for much simpler puzzles overall, it also makes the game feel more immersive. There's no pausing to combine items while a monster chases you down, everything is real-time. Other than those changes, however, the game plays just like Frictional's previous games.Atmosphere is a large and critical element in any horror game, and few developers know atmosphere better than The Chinese Room, most well-known for their game Dear Esther. As you travel from your cozy mansion, to the graveyard of the church, to the industrial bowels of the Machine, the atmosphere is persistent, realistic and very intense. The monsters, though there are relatively few that pose a real threat to you, are gruesome and terrifying, and the infamous Amnesia invisible water monster even makes a return in a new form.However, where A Machine for Pigs truly excels is in the story. Like The Dark Descent, you start out knowing very little about yourself and your surroundings. But as the game progresses, you learn more and more, and the plot twists and turns as you uncover more about what is really happening. As you descend farther into the Machine, you discover journal entries and voice recordings revealing the story, but only at the end does everything tie together. This form of storytelling has a way of pulling the player in, giving them clues to let them piece the story together, while making them want to keep playing so they can see if they were right all along. And the ending is nothing short of satisfying. Assuming you pay attention to the notes and conversations along the way, the game's conclusion leaves you without any big questions, and wraps everything up very nicely.As I mentioned, this game is not by any means The Dark Descent, so playing it and expecting something just like it will not leave you with the same sense of satisfaction. A Machine for Pigs is a very good game, and if it weren't for a few small issues (namely some graphical problems and simplistic puzzles) I would even call it great. And for the $20 price tag, it's certainly worth it if you're a fan of any survival horror games. It won't make you soil your pants like Outlast and it won't make you go insane like The Dark Descent, but A Machine for Pigs certainly has its place in the genre."
,Recommended,239200,2011042,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Adipid,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs tells a great story about a father who is looking for his missing children, and if you are like me and have played The Dark Decent, you know that this game is going to be scary as well.There are some things that not everyone knows, it's not the same developers that made this game that made the previous game, but they used the same engine as the other developers used. The developers, which is The Chinese Room, they have had a much bigger focus on the atmosphere and the surrounding in the game that Frictional Games had, which to me was a good thing. It's not necessarily a very scary game, but it makes you feel like you want to quit the game and continue to play at the same time, because of the great atmosphere.The only thing I found a little bit dissapointing was the length of the game, I thought it was going to much longer. And it was the same with the puzzles in the game, they were a bit too short and easy from time to time.To finish of, I would like to say this game had an excellent story and a very dynamic atmosphere. If you're like me and don't like horror games too much, buy it, because you won't regret it."
76561198094494140,Not Recommended,239200,26115884,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,lapsenvahti,"Take Amnesia tdd, remove the sanity system, remove lantern, give lamp that never runs out, remove health, remove the whole inventory, remove puzzles, remove every survival element ever, remove physics engine, remove modding, remove zombies, give pigs that want♥♥♥♥♥♥you, get this walking simulator.In conclusion this all around dumped down version of amnesia tdd, it even looks and performs worse if it's even possible. The only thing worth praising here is the sound design, but other than that this is barely even a proper video game and it should be a sequel for one of the best survival horror game ever.:/"
,Recommended,239200,7850441,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DragonOfTime,"I have heard complaints that this game is not as scary as its predecessor. This is correct. I have heard complaints that this game is easier than its predecessor. This is also correct. I have heard complaints that this game is terribly bad. This is not correct.Through effective use of sound and vision, The Chinese Room manages to create a horror game much more akin to the likes of Poe or Lovecraft, focusing on a slow burning dread rather than the all-out terror of the first Amnesia. This game is telling a story much more than the original Amnesia was. Sure, the original Amnesia did have a story and it was quite good, but the terror and the game mechanics were the centrepiece. This is not the case with A Machine for Pigs. Here, both terror and game take the backseat and the story and ambience is the main attraction. Personally I think this is a good idea, as this fits the talents of The Chinese room much better.This is a good game. This is a great game. But do not expect a game as scary and gamey as Amnesia: The Dark Descent. If you crave something to make you scream in your youtube let's plays or to solve complex puzzles, this is not the game you want. If you want a well-told story in a well-realized enviroment, this might just be the thing you're looking for."
,Recommended,239200,14323927,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Tom,"I will be completely honest here, I used a walkthrough for this and played it in a fully lit room, and sped my way to the end in about two hours.The game is no where near as scary as the original Amnesia, but I still ended up going through multiple pairs of underwear. The puzzles are decent, however I don't see how anyone could work some them out if they didn't have a guide.The game does also have some serious performance issues, no matter what settings I changed, the frame rate dropped rapidly between 60 fps and 30 fps. Not sure why, it may just of been me, but my rig is more than powerful enough to run this.If you haven't played an Amnesia game before, I'd definitely recommend the original over this one, however Machine for Pigs is still a good game."
76561198063664382,Not Recommended,239200,8632445,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Jude,Walking Simulator 2013. Still regret buying this.
76561198089593851,Not Recommended,239200,22550282,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sub-0NT,"Unfortunately nothing like its predecessor, maybe the spookiest game I’ve ever played Amnesia “The Dark Descent”. The ""Machine for Pigs"" is dull, uninteresting and slow paced, you don’t feel scary, you feel bored, I couldn’t bear more than 40 minutes of this game and had to uninstall it afterwards. Although I read the reviews, I really wanted to check it anyway, so yes, reviews don’t lie; it’s a poor ghost of Amnesia, nothing more to be said here… Chinese room made ""A Machine For Pigs"", who did a stand alone and critically acclamed 'Dear Esther', but not the Frictional Games and you can clearly see the other hand at work, ""Chinese Room"" is know best for athmostherical and rather emotional games, not horror ones."
,Not Recommended,239200,13885340,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,simsmawhiskers,"Not interactive like the first one, some say the story made it creepier but for me the gameplay not being scary made it really suck. I wish I could return it, honestly. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,239200,8232221,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rachie88,Nothing like The Dark Decent its a pretty big disappointment this game especially for the time I waited on the game to be released.  Has a few jumpy bits...but nowhere near the 1st game
,Not Recommended,239200,12533455,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ＩＬＬＵＳＩＶＥ,"I can see why there's mixed feeling about it. It's not abadgame, but it's not great either. It had the tools to be better, but I felt like it wasn't utilized right. Ignoring the 'Amnesia' in the title, I mean as a Psychological-Horror game it left me on the fence. I ain't no critic, but I always been a fan of horror, suspense and this just left me apathetic.In short: Don't expect much if you're going to play it. I can recommend it for the atmosphere and theme, but if your looking for story it's aightLong Version: Like I said before, this has the tools. And it's frustrating every time I think about it how much of BETTER game this should've been. They had the scenery, atmosphere, and MUSIC downpack but there's other stuff that could've been executed better.What I mean is the writing. At point the buildup just stopped , and I felt I got left out on the mystery and suspense. Me thinking ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, Who,  When, Where, etc."" for too long put me out of theimmersionthat I didn't understand or didn't care anymore.By the penulimate, I FELT that♥♥♥♥♥♥was getting real. The music was awesome and it got dramatic and passionate. I just didn't quite understand for what reason, and that sucks. It's like walking in on the middle of a movie and a bunch of stuff is happening that makes you wonder why it's happening, but the game doesn't tell you. You just wander around dark corriders hearing how nuts the main character turned out to be.Short part 2: If you like old timey English and drama, run past 2/3 of the game and learn what NOT do if you want to want to make/write your own spooky thing."
,Recommended,239200,8374627,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Scrunch,"Extremely ambient, very startling at times, and satisfying gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,239200,2939064,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,[CZ] Peter Danes,This game is crazy. The story is sick. I love it.
,Recommended,239200,1428470,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Microsoft Word,"I highly anticipated the release of Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs ever since I played through the first Amnesia and found out it was awesome.But Amnesia:AMFP was not scary. And I mean over the four or so hours it took me to clock this game, I can count the number of times I actually had any sense of fear on one hand. It had almost no puzzles, and while the story was alright, it really didn't grip me. If you want to play a game just for story, you might as well play Dear Esther. But then again, if you want a good story. WHY NOT READ A BOOK OR WATCH A MOVIE!Somewhere between the first and second hour I discovered that boredom had set in. And I was doing a speed run of the game. Which is never really any good for a horror game. People should be scared about what is around the corner, NOT RUNNING HEAD FIRST ROUND THE BEND IN A FUTILE ATTEMPT TO CURE THEIR SENSE OF BOREDOM.Ultimately, People play Amnesia:AMFP to get scared. And yeah, some people would be scared by this game. Without a doubt. But it's not as scary as the original. For a start, the AI is laughably easy to avoid and ignore when compared to Amnesia, which is just pure awesome in a horror game. I mean, people are naturally scared of things that are difficult. ""oh no, I'm so scared of this exam coming up"", ""Careful of those creatures, they'll smash you up"". So if people are naturally scared of things that are difficult, or dangerous or powerful, then this begs the question: WHY THE HELL IS THE AI SO PASSIVE AND WEAK? What were they thinking? Without the threat of the AI I don't think there is anything else scary about this game. I mean the only other thing that could kill you is fall damage.No puzzles and no credible threats makes Jack a dull boy."
76561198052859020,Recommended,239200,5611703,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Le Ra,Нет времени обьяснять!Покупай и играй!
76561197969547636,Recommended,239200,8745977,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rue,Great story though it isn't that scary. Unless you have an evasion to bacon.
76561198051564138,Recommended,239200,33111832,Posted: 1 July,all,Thisisme106,"This game is good and pretty scary in the earlier parts, but it is not scary at all during the second half. This game is okay, but it is not at all worth the full price because of how boring the second half of the game is. The game took me four and a half hours to beat. If you are interested, buy it while it is on sale; I payed only three dollars for it and enjoyed it, but I would feel like I was ripped-off if I payed much more."
,Recommended,239200,13546125,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LATERnotNOW,"An honest review:Okay, so a lot and I mean a LOT have been disappointed with Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. So, you right now, reading this, might be wondering ""Should I get this game?"" Well, here is the answer. (In details)The beauty of this game is not in the scares, nor the chase scenes, nor graphics but also with the story itself. It does have its moments, and it does have its creepy scenes, just not as good as Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The true beauty of this game is in its story. The story of this game in my opinion is just really nice. There is a lot of hidden symbolism that I think everyone should appreciate (I do) What makes this game unique is the fact that this story can be/is related to our modern lives in a way or another. It also relates to our parents and grandparents. What I liked about this story is that we can all relate to it somehow which makes it a little better. The story in Amnesia: The Dark Descent is amazing as well but I have not seen such similar hidden symbolism. Those messages throughout that adorn the story make it stand out. Sure it may be a little complex to comprehend and maybe the story may not be explained as much due to some reason which I will explain a little further but it is a really good game if you look at it in a different perspective. Okay, so this game somehow relates to political movements and actual tragic events that happened where some people might be offended if elaborated in the game. Those who understood it appreciated it and those who did not understand the hidden messages and symbolism found that it made no sense and that the story sucks as well. I really liked this game due to its story.If you are looking for:-A game that will make you feel scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.-A game that has terrifying chase scenes.-A game that has extra ordinary graphics.-A game with complex puzzles that will need you to think heavily.-A super long campaign that will take more than 10 hours of gameplay.Then this is not the game for you.If you are looking for:-A game that has some terrifying scenes but not the scariest out there.-A game that has a beautiful story with hidden messages throughout long notes found during the gameplay.-A horror game that concentrates on storyline more than to try to spook you.-A game that has an average length of gameplay (neither short nor long).-A game that has descent graphics yet not the best out there.Then this might be the game for you.Honestly, I don't like pointless games that just want you to feel scared for the sake of it. Also, for the people who say they could have added more scare scenes and some enemies that cannot be avoided easily then I will have to say it may have worked but then it would seem to be a little unnecessary. I mean, like in some games out there where they just overload with jumpscares and that after a while gets frustrating. (In Amnesia: The Dark Descent the amount of scares and chase scenes is just perfect) but in other games like Outlast or the DLC of it to be exact feel a little repetitive and just too sloppy. You would only like the game if you want to feel scared. Also Alien: Isolation is an example that the scares just feel that they are too much and you keep dying constantly. Luckily, I like both haha, games that make me feel scared and games with good stories! Anyway, if you are planning to buy this game but not too sure buy it now when there is still a sale! Happy holidays!"
,Not Recommended,239200,7480489,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,k30n333,"If you're expecting to have the same expirence as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you will probably be disappointed.This Amnesia is more story-driven instead of a puzzle-filled spookfest. The visuals are nice and give a very immersive tone to the area around you. There is no inventory, the lantern can last till the end of time and you can't play custom levels/mod your game.Seems like a complete waste of time, but it isn't all that bad.If you would like to waste your time and get a little scared, see what the story is then sure, go ahead.But if you are thinking you will have the same experience as the last game, stay away.I enjoyed it, but not enough to recommend it."
,Recommended,239200,8608498,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Davis,A great story! Defintly worth the money.
76561198063439803,Not Recommended,239200,22654851,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ElGringoBandito,"This game could have been incredible if Chinese Room had only handled the story and design, and handed gameplay back to Fricitonal. Instead, we get a great story and unique monsters wrapped in one of the least frightening games I have ever played. Half the length of the original game, with about a quarter of the features, A Machine for Pigs is truly a step back for Amnesia. I did like the idea of the electric lantern though. It'd be cool to see more games in the series using different light sources in different times, like maybe a game where you have to use torches, essentially combining tinderboxes and the lantern into one system? Idunno man. Only buy this game on sale and if you can't stop yourself."
,Not Recommended,239200,9505486,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tossberg,"It's a lousy cash-in by Chineese Room. Frictional shot themselves in the foot when they licensed Amnesia to Chineese Room.Chineese Room developed  the marvelous masterpiece 'Dear Esther'. It was one of the worst games I have ever played. Seriously, go look up gameplay of it, it's pretty hilariously bad.So why's it bad? Because it's NOTHING like Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The atmosphere feels forced and dull, the puzzles aren't nice breaks from the non-existent horror but rather there just to make you play the game for just a bit longer. As a matter of fact, apart from the bad puzzles, there's really not any challenge in the game. The 'monster' in AAMFP is basically a slow swine, that groans and moans at you. It's not surprising, it's not scary, it's just another bump in the road on your way to the next puzzle.The story is not too bad, but it's delivered horribly. You start the game off waking up in your mansion, and you're suddenly thrown into a house with predictable and laughable jumpscares, with few bits of story. The story could've been good, if it wasn't delivered horribly. You have to pass boring and annoying puzzles and monsters to progress the story, and it's just not worth it.All in all, it's a cash-in on the title of Amnesia. It's the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of an amazing horror license, which fell into the wrong hands.My final verdict is a 3/10, a game to ignore. If you're a hardcore fan of Frictional Games (like me) you might enjoy bits of it, but overall it's not worth the time, money or effort."
,Recommended,239200,7173973,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Poggiascu,"bel gioco gli scenari sono fantastici a differenza del primo gioco, però a parere mio il primo faceva piu paura"
,Not Recommended,239200,10584803,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,viro,"compared to the original amnesia, this game is a walking simulator. the  game is incredibly on rails, with stupid jump scares placed at obvious spots. the story is incredibly average, full of hamfisted ""artistic"" plot devices. The game is about 4 hours long and has zero replay value. 2/10 do not recommend"
,Recommended,239200,14926682,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Adidas,"Amnesia: a machine for pigs mixed reviews represent the afternath of the clash between the Amnesia franchise fans and Dear Esther sequel hopefuls.Amnesia fans wanted more of the 'scary' Amnesia series while and Dear Esther fans such as myself craved more of Robert Briscoe's unique style from its debut, genre defining title. In the end, neither really received what they wanted, although thankfully the game certainly is more of a ''walking simulator' than a series of cheap scares.The production values might not be stellar but remain relatively high throughout the adventure, and for the most part, the title delivers a solid gaming experience for the 5 hours or so it takes to complete it.7/10. Bring Robert Briscoe back."
,Recommended,239200,10991159,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,he,3spuky
,Recommended,239200,33260923,Posted: 4 July,all,Johnny Truant,"Disturbingly beautiful, beautifully disturbing."
,Not Recommended,239200,20528661,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gibs,0/10 spooks 0/10 story 0/10 pigs
76561197971983340,Recommended,239200,9616102,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Khorneflakes!,"To sum up this page of text, if stories could sell, this game would be worth it despite its ok-ish gameplay. And in many ways stories do sell, just look at the Telltale Games' ""Walking Dead"" game. However people were expecting a game that ""one ups"" the previous game, Amnesia: The Dark Descent. It doesn't as far as scare factor goes, however it makes up in story. With that being said, be sure to buy this on a steam sale. It's worth atleast $10, maybe $15.Gameplay is lacking, it’s definantly a step back from the previous game in that department. And the previous one wasn't particularly scary either. At least they tried however! There are some moments in this game where the level was seemingly designed for patrolling monster areas. It’s confusing!  Also the puzzles, which were also not hard in the first one, were laughable in the second. Really they were not puzzles, just impediments for your ""walking sim"" (see tags). With a grain of salt however it isn't particularly bad, the setting gives a lot of flavor and variety. Making the walking trip a little bit more enjoyable.The ""H. P. Lovecraftian"" story and setting are top-notch; it's very disturbing, tragic, and contemplative. If only stories could sell alone. Clearly you don't need a good one in the case of ""Outlast,"" great gameplay with genuine moments that can make you jump. However the story is... well... let’s just hope that the prequel DLC will have a good one. Although in retrospect the comparison between the two games is like comparing a campy movie and a book in the horror genre section. Getting back to Amnesia. Some of exposition in the pages in game probably should have been addressed in dialogue. There are needlessly vague plot points which are very relevant on how this came about and link directly to the previous Amnesia title. There are a group of people out there who ignore this exposition (A few sentences are just too much for them unfortunately). The dialogue does needlessly beats around the bush at times as well.Graphics; are not all that impressive. Lot of little details, but some of the textures are not great, clothe seems to be a particular problem. But then again this category was never a selling point, it is enough that it creates a level of immersion that doesn't take you out of the moment. The running movements however for some of the models were a bit clunky. Primarily because of how they were shaped (it just doesn't look like they were meant to run).The music is also good and very memorable in the parts they were used.  Although there was this moment when the music was too good and didn't fit with the clunky movements on screen (The ""Mors Praematura"" and London scene, this scene really shows the graphical limitations of running models). The voice acting was very good also, even though were some lines late in the game which were a bit rusty in execution. But I am just being nit-picky in that regard. It is enough that you can sympathize with Mandus in his tragic quest.Overall Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs leaves much to be desired in gameplay, but the gameplay isn't particular bad. The story was good enough for me to recommend this title. It’s that good. Not to overhype it or anything, but when this game hits a steam sale… buy it, the journey into the depths of despair and desperation is worth it."
76561197998227034,Recommended,239200,9879775,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Hawkwing,"Introduction:Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is the first person horror sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The game is also set in the same dark and twisted universe as the previous one, though in an entirely new time setting and features a new cast. The game features a rich and breathtakingly horrifying story.Where the first game took place in Prussia in 1839, the second installment to Amnesia is now set in London 1899 on New Year's Eve. The protagonist, Oswald Mandus, who is a wealthy industrialist and butcher, has returned from an expedition to Mexico and has contracted a fever. At the beginning of the game, Mandus finds himself awakened in his mansion from his fever, which has lasted for several months. Only guided by the voices of his two sons, Enoch and Edwin, Mandus ventures out to find them, all while they lead him deeper into the abysmal depths of London...The story is the main drive behind the game. Exploring the dark underworld of London is a thrilling experience. However, going through the game a 2nd time is less exciting, as all of the mystery will be gone. The replayability of the game is therefore nothing to brag about.Control & Gamplay:Amnesia is a first person game, where the main goal is to explore and delve deeper into a frightening world, and survive. You are armed with nothing but a lantern, thus rendering you utterly helpless should you be confronted with the horrors that await you. Therefore, running and hiding are your only options. This is one of the defining elements of the game. Being unable to defend yourself, you feel constantly threatened, danger lurks behind every corner and you are always on your toes, ready to run away and hide and beg god the thing chasing you doesn't find you.The game itself is not difficult. The real challenge is in actually daring to advance further in the game before you get another heart attack. There are no real puzzles as in the previous Amnesia game, which is a shame. The ""puzzles"" that are present are very obvious and annoying. For the most part, the controls are good. However, when you have to use the few items in the game, the controls can feel clunky and difficult to coordinate.Graphics:The visual aspect of the game is not impressive. However, the slightly dated graphics create a more gloomy and sinister atmosphere that fits very well with the overall mood of the game.Sound:The soundtrack is my favourite aspect of the game. It is deep and melancholic and it fits the dark and twisted mood of the game.Conclusion:The game offers hours of horror, mystery and heart attacks. Amnesia is a horrifying and exciting universe that must be experienced, especially under the cover of night and preferably all alone. However, in light of its predecessor, The Dark Descent, this game offers little new in terms of mechanics and features. The puzzles feel little more than inconvenient stops in the progression and they have been unnecessarily simplified. On the other hand, the story plays a more significant role, as it often comes across as eluding and perplexing. Thus, even after the credits have rolled, Amnesia will keep you pondering about what exactly has occurred throughout the course of the game.For both old and new players to the Amnesia universe there is a twisted, yet compelling, story in wait, which is definitely worth the money.Score: 8/10"
76561198096849990,Recommended,239200,8730829,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,jiggly balls,Not Really Scary but good game!
76561198106846754,Recommended,239200,8545268,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Azazel,"I really liked this game, and it is important to remember that this is an indirect sequel to The Dark Descent. This is not the game to try to scare you with monsters or jump scares, although it does have a few good times where it does, it is a horror game that scares you with its story. A Machine for Pigs story will leave a lasting mark on anyone who fully goes through it. Submerse yourself in the story and atmosphere, rather then just playing the game for scares."
76561198030596646,Recommended,239200,24126798,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,proe,"The classic example of an angry fanbase tearing apart a sequel on release day, and essentially killing any chance for this decent game to be noticed:""A Machine for Pigs,"" is without a doubt, severly underrated and highly controversial among Frictional fans, however the anger towards this game lies simply within it's name. If the devs had just labeled it a different name rather then Amnesia, people wouldn't have been up in arms about its flaws, it wouldn't have gotten its infamous reputation, and it might even be considered a great game among some players. None of this is to downplay the flaws that the game has, but rather simply to show that a good game has no chance of redeeming itself among the fanbase because of silly marketing campaigns to try and atract more players due to its label. In all honesty, the game is quite good, but commits serious sins against the Amnesia franchise, however, after playing it, all of these can be overlooked by those who put in the time and effort to experience it like they did with ""The Dark Decent."""
,Not Recommended,239200,19340771,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,No Name /D/,"So bored at the begining, later a little better, but it's not as scary as the dark descent.4/10"
76561198063034174,Not Recommended,239200,22345026,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"As the storyline is great and all, the horror is hardly seen anywhere in the entire game. If the game didn't carry the name Amnesia, I'd suggest it.There's hardly any interaction at all, though more interaction than what Amnesia: TDD had was promised. That was clearly not true."
,Not Recommended,239200,11684272,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,🎃TheSmeegan,Only 3 HOURS! What a pathetic game trying to leech of the success of the first one. Save your money and buy a game that will actually scare and entertain you. This game took out everything good about the first game and replaced it with garbage! The enemies are a joke even PewdiePie said this game blows. What a horrible attempt at a game.
,Recommended,239200,9650140,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Codeman,"For a sequel I had my hopes high. I of course was disappointed. Took me four hours to beat the main story. The atmosphere just wasn't there like The Dark Descent. Definitely not as creepy as the predecessor either. Good to get on sale, but not worth $20.The music was phenomenal however. Go listen to the OST on YouTube."
,Recommended,239200,6781187,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,ANGRON,"Новый проект от студии Frictional Games. Новая серия Амнезии никак не связана с предыдущей. Что это за конфетка и стоит ли её кушать? йа вам сейчас расскажу1)СюжетОн в отличии от оригинала запутан. Только под конец йа начал понимать суть происходящего, а переваривать всё новые открытия сюжета дались мне с трудом. Сразу скажу щто концовку данного творения йа не смог до конца понять...Могу только догадываться. Но в целом он довольно интересен2)ГрафикаОна не сильно изменилась. HPL2 Engine... тут его исполнения меня не удивило. Но из за мрачного освещения на всех локациях, наслодиться почти нечем3)ГеймплейТут разработчики меня удивили... и йа сам не понял в какую сторону. Убрали инвентарь...Убрали здоровье и мозги... убрали самоконтроль(ужас) без него ничего не видно когды на корточках сидишь с выключенным фанарём... ну хоть бесконечный фанарь есть. Отсудствие выше перечисленного сказывается на геймплее глобально... начинаешь думать...""Frictional Games...ВЫ делали эту игру?""4)АтмосфераОна начинается чувствоваться только ближе к середине. звековое сопровождение слава Кхорну есть. Оно отсудствует при появлении монстров... ЭТО пичалит =( наслодиться месными простороми не удастся, ибо по большей части мы проведём в тёмных помещениях с прохим освещением. Внешний вид напоминает СтимПанк....И ещё... некоторые персоны не только в некоторых моментах дают некую атмосферу.Итог: Стоит ли вам играть В новое творение Frictional Games? Если вы фанат серии и любите пошалить нервишки, вы фанат Стим панка и вы не вигатарианец....Приобритайте, не пожилеете!"
76561197983439240,Recommended,239200,11772329,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,mariogengar123,"Far better storyline, atmosphere, and music than the first amnesia. Considering that this was made by the Chinese Room who made Dear Esther, I was expecting that they would sacrifice gameplay for story. The story elements are riveting and actually tie close to reality especially the machine's speech in the end about humanity and its willingness to kill innocents. I guess it depends on what kind of gamer you are. If you are someone who can enjoy video games as an art form then this is the best video game that I can recommend. If not, then you will probably find yourself dissapointed."
,Recommended,239200,34437814,Posted: 23 August,all,Spynion,This game.....wow...just wow.Its one of the best and one of the scariest classic horror games i have ever seen.Pros:The story is awesome.The graphics are pretty good for a game released in 2013.The controls are Ok.Cons:Some bugs (the solution for all of them was just to restart the game)(my case).
76561198112579466,Recommended,239200,31419427,Posted: 28 April,all,^4[L^7MA^1O]^7Bloody_^8Panda,"First of all, let say thanks to Frictional Games again for creating such type of games that gave us hours of fear and psychological trauma while lying in bed...Amnesia: A machine for pigs... The game came out after the successfull and terrifying Amnesia TDD (The Dark Descent). But what about it you would ask ? In the same way as Penumbra, Amnesia will take you within a world of anguish, fear and psychological pressure where your two only weapons... Are hiding and running. Yes you are weak, yes you will experienced fear, yes you will have to hide. The games strongly rely on atmoshpere and it is important to immerse yourself as much as possible for an increased gaming experience.Within the beginning of an industrialized London, you are Oswald Mandus, owner of a meat processing company, on the lookout for your children who strangely disappeared... Or maybe something else. Through the shady and smelly streets of London to the deepest corridors of your factory, you will look for them and make some terrific discovery about your business... And about yourself.As mentioned, the gameplay follows the same one as the previous games such as Penumbra, Amnesia TDD (or later ones sch as SOMA): You will solve puzzles, and your two only weapons in this game will be to run and hide. No weapons, only a light and your brain to survive. Nothing else !Time now for some pros and cons...First of all the atmoshpere and ambiance of the game... Clearly, we can see a important difference with Amnesia TDD: Not as terrifying. This particular point mainly come from the facts that your euipment for example and especially the light is no longer limited with fuel as it was in TDD. Consequenly you do not have really this particular feeling of emergency or need for light which was omnipresent in TDD and could drive you insane, without seeing any potential thing that could come to you in a room or corridor.Nonetheless rest assured that thanks to its storyline, it will guarantee you a much more sordid atmoshpere and feeling of deep malaise than TDD.Regarding the gameplay... We will unfortunately quite regret as I mentioned the insanity system, the unlimited light, the night-vision effect also (You would see slightly better in the dark while crouching...)... And the interactions with the environment. Indeed, where it was almost possible to throw or move any chair, box and books in TDD; A Machine for pigs will restrict your movements to the minimum. Choice of the creators or just screw up ? I would tend to say that the game design is responsible as the game appears much more linear and ""corridor"" made than TDD where you could visit in any order the different places of the castle (To some point).Conclusion ?Despite having been made in a much more ""simple"" way than TDD, with less interactions with the world and less oppressive gameplay, Amnesia A Machine for Pigs will still be able to guarantee you some nice gaming hours, with an increasing sordid atmosphere the further you complete the game. You will definitively find it different as its predecessor but should like it at least for its story. Nice to have in your library if you like this kind of game !"
,Not Recommended,239200,25671122,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,gunsage,Today we walk around and try to get scared. Somewhat disappointed with this not so great sequel to an amazing indie horror game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjHQRJJ2py0I certainly hope SOMETHING happens in this game eventually because otherwise it really is just a glorified walking simulator.  I am massively disappointed with this one especially after playing through The Dark Descent multiple times.
,Recommended,239200,31331345,Posted: 23 April,all,December Man,"I'm going to start this review a bit from the middle.There are way too many freaking notes from the main character. He writes a note after every single thing he does. ""I solved this puzzle! I must now move onwards into this madness!"", ""I opened this door! My epic struggle continues!"", ""I farted into an oven! When will my nightmare end?!"". There is no point to most of them, they provide no worthwhile insight into the mind of the protagonist. Unless you consider him repeating the same god-damn thing in 10 different ways as insight. Other notes are very frequent too. There's a note in every other room. In addition, the game has one of the cringiest lines I have ever had the displeasure to read:The final descent beckons me to enter, as Lily once lay on our wedding bed and summoned me into manhood.I have no idea how the writer decided ""yep, that's an exceptional piece of work, nothing cringeworthy to see here"". Also, I'm not even going to write down the note where a character apparentlyis standing naked in front of a mirror and is jacking off to how evil he is. What's more, the game drowns you in needless metaphors and analogies: nearly every note uses elaborate manners of describing the simplest of things. The pretentiousness is palpable at times, which is a shame, since the game's story is overall thought-provoking and worth exploring further. It takes a while to get going, but the ending is pretty intense and I loved the ending monologue fromthe Machine.The music is really good and stands out.Enemy encounters very few and far between and are easily avoided by just running past. They lose interest surprisingly fast and are not persistent like the ones in The Dark Descent - just shut a door in their face and they'll leave. This makes the game almost a walking simulator: almost, because you can die... if you stand still and let yourself get hit.As an Amnesia game, is this scary? Nope. Is it worth buying? 4 hours of a good story and soundtrack and notes every 30 seconds: buy for $5 or less.<edit>The ending monologue fromthe Machine / Engineerif anyone's interested:I have stood knee deep in mud and bone, and filled my lungs with mustard gas. I have seen two brothers fall. I have lain with holy wars and copulated with the autumnal fallout. I have dug trenches for the refugees; I have murdered dissidents where the ground never thaws, and starved the masses into faith. A child's shadow burnt into the brickwork. A house of skulls in the jungle. The innocent, the innocent, Mandus, trod and bled and gassed and starved and beaten and murdered and enslaved! This is your coming century! They will eat them, Mandus! They will make pigs of you all! And they will bury their snouts into your ribs, and they will eat. Your. Hearts!</edit>"
,Not Recommended,239200,34492165,Posted: 25 August,all,Marked One,"Could not be less worthy of the title of ""Amnesia"" if it took place in outer space and the main character had a gun.An interesting concept completely ruined by Thechineseroom.The only good thing to come out of it is that Frictional had the common sense to not try to undo it, and instead went to something new."
76561198183770531,Recommended,239200,34567596,Posted: 28 August,all,Elite,"Wow, Truly horrifying. And the story well written indeed, what every horror gamer should have in their library. 10/10"
76561198077368526,Recommended,239200,11567219,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,canadian guy,"Amnesia A machine for pigs is a good game, but unlike the dark decent not a great one. The dark decent set the standard too high so that nothing would ever be able to compare to it despite a machine for pigs having alot going for it, but also a few problems that in my mind defenitly affected the overall gameplay.First the negatives:1) if you look at how many hours ive played up to this point your probably thinking: ""3-4 hours? how can you have an educated opinion on a game youve barley played"" well thats my point. I finished the entire game in a night. A machine for pigs (amfp is how i will refer to it from hence forward) is way too short, and while i dont mind a more linear story (which amfp definetly is) at least stretch it out I was expecting at least a 10 hour story and with no custom stories there will be very little too come back to.2) repetition, In The dark decent there where a sh** ton of puzzels but atleast they were different and in my mind much more creative. In amfp each puzzle is completed in very simalir fasion and I think this not only made the game much easier but also was one of the major reasons as to why the game was so short. In TDD i spent nearly an entire hour trying to solve one of the puzzels. In amfp the longest it ever took me was 10 minutes. long story short some puzzels in tdd took longer for me to complete than the entire first half of amfp.The Positives:1)TDD heavily depended on atmosphere, in amfp atmosphere is the games saving grace. the music and ambience is just absoulutly increadible and there where countless times were i found myself shaking JUST because of the ambience or mood in an area, combine that with manpigs and youve got yourself one terrifying experience.2) the story in amfp was in my mind scarier than any mosnter or beast that attacked you in the game. the very premise scares me just thinking about it. even now, almost a day after i completed amfp, i still feel horrified and sick. I wont spoil anything but the twist about half way through the game made me stop the game and listen to soothing music for atleast an hour. the story in this game fully surpassed any prevoius expectations i had before the game and i love discouvering it piece by piece. It also has some social commentary in the game about religon, wealth and coruption, going where the first game never dared to go... and i loved it3) the graphics: not much i can say other than i thought the game looked awesome.Final verdict: 7.5/10 -a good game with some minor yet noticable set backs.would recomend. would play agian"
,Recommended,239200,12281821,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Fondil Mabols,"I was a vegetarian before playing this game. Before this game I thought that pigs were sweet, innocent creatures, but now I see them for the monsters that they are. Now not a day passes without me eating some sort of pig parts to spite those damn monsters. ♥♥♥♥ you pigs!10/10 no longer a vegetarianIt's also pretty creepy."
,Recommended,239200,10498038,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Seasoned Wanderer,"Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs.Well I got to say, I was a fan of the first one but when I played this one I was a little frustrated with a few things they took out from the first one. The removed Oil and Tenderbox pick ups, which means infinite light source from your lanturn and to me that took some of the fun away because you didnt have to use them sparingly. The inventory menu they took out, so no pick ups even for important items so you had to drag them clear back across some areas, Also couldn't check your sanity (Because they basically took it out). But it still was a bit fun just was a little upset with the removal of those features. But I still would recommend this game with a rating of a 7.9/10. Will I replay this, Most likely not. But still was fun while it lasted."
,Recommended,239200,8311564,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Maycne Sonahoz,"This game isn't what you would expect, but it doesn't mean it's a bad game.Pretty hard not to remember The Dark Descent when you see the title. But A Machine for Pigs is not a survival horror like the previous game, it's more of a dark tale.Sharing the game engine and some gameplay from the first Amnesia, this game drops the inventory, but keeps a detailed world, with the help of music fitting perfectly.The story is quite predictable, but also pretty detailed and well counted.If you look for a deep survival horror, you might want to look somewhere else. But if you like tormented stories, this is one you must live.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Un8mY5HFAEMIf you need help putting the notes in chronological order, this might be useful.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvwtdF3esXM"
76561198006432743,Recommended,239200,7939747,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Thol,"First of all, yes this game is nowhere near as scary as the first one, but I still enjoyed it.It's a mix between the first Amnesia and Dear Esther. If you enjoy playing games mostly for the ambience and the story you might like it."
76561197993459184,Recommended,239200,14605400,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,c0mplete,"Great story, voice acting, atmosphere, writing and music. Loved every minute of it."
76561198069735211,Not Recommended,239200,20410807,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DaHotFuzz,"First and foremost Machine for Pigs is nothing like Amensia: the Dark Descent, so much so that I refuse to even it call it an Amnesia title.  Don't expect this to even marginally resemble Amensia: the Dark Descent because you will be sorely disappointed.Everything that made the original what it is known as today, a well designed and terrifying horror experience start to finish, is non-existant in Machine for Pigs.  There is no more health, sanity, lantern fluid and tinderbox necessities and there isn't even a means to examine what condition you're in after you suffer physical damage from enemies.  There is also no inventory to store the very few items you come across.  Granted, the only items you ever need to pick up are obviously only to solve puzzles, if you can even call them that because all they really involve is picking up an item and inserting it into whatever contraption.  There isn't anything puzzling whatsoever.One final thought on items is that you must literally carry them in your hands to where they need to go, again, because there is no inventory.  Not a huge deal, however it is  bothersome nonetheless especially if you accidentally drop something and have to go look for it.  All of this  has been removed and I would love to know what the developers were thinking when they made these decisions.I do wish Frictional Games, Amnesia: the Dark Descent's developers would have gone through and created Machine for Pigs; the Chinese Room evidently had no idea what they got themselves into.  Ultimately Machine for Pigs does not live up the hype its predecessor proved and is an astounding failure in comparison and if it were a standalone title too.  It is no more than a dumbed-down, unbearably linear walking simulator with the occasional half-arsed jumpscare thrown in to laughably try and capture an ounce of horror. I'd suggest avoiding this altogether unless you just need to say that you finished both Amnesia titles.2/10"
76561198040983556,Not Recommended,239200,8623029,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,BiliousAce,"After completing a machine for pigs, i watched the screen in disappointment. I have been a HUGE amnesia fan since my first few minutes of The Dark Descent and it was The Dark Descent that got me into the horror genre. A machine for pigs comes absolutely nowhere near the amazing and uncomfortable feeling or atmosphere the game bestows and reveals to the player. I'm really upset that the amnesia series is being put on hold or stopped and i really hope frictional games can pull my loyalty to their games back with SOMA"
,Not Recommended,239200,31249122,Posted: 19 April,all,Erawtfos,"To put it simply: It's alright. It was made by the same people involved in Dear Esther - and the influence takes over the original Amnesia feel. The original Amnesia was a great game, especially considering it wasn't a triple A publisher. A lot of what made the original game so great is not at the forefront this time around.*potential spoilers*The game starts with the same scary vibe, but after a few minutes that completely diminishes. You have an infinite supply of light, something that was scarce and added to the tension of the first game. That on its own isn't a game breaker, BUT - there is now a system in place that WARNS YOU when an enemy is nearby. Not only does it warn you when an enemy is nearby, but there are barely any enemies to speak of. I spent a good majority of the first half of the game with anticipation, just waiting to be scared. Go into a new room ""oh god, I hope there isn't anything spooky in here"" nothing. Next room, nothing. By the time the game actually starts to pick up place, that feeling of dread is completely replaced with a feeling of boredom. There were a few moments of being scary, but for the most part it feels more just like you're playing an interactive story like Dear Esther rather than ever actually feeling the need to survive.The game isn't horrible. On its own, I think it is a decent enough game - but as an Amnesia successor, and judging it as so - the game isn't that great.If you can get it for a decent price, and are a diehard fan of the first game - it's worth it just to experience, but it isn't anything quite as memorable."
,Recommended,239200,13168507,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Akka,"A comparison to the prequel+strong variety of different environments, you even go outside occasionally!+I can hear the dialouge, plus there's subtitles just in case.+Very creepy and unsettling-less terrifying(doesnt help that I'm now  calloused towards spookiness)-Puzzles more basic and less rewarding with no inventory-Shorter-I could hear the voices clearly enough but still didn't understand the story as it was going on. Turns out the plot is pretty good, wish I could have processed it as it was going on. The wiki filled me in on the plot after I beat it.Overall while it manages to stay creepy in some new ways, it loses a lot of the difficulty by enforcing more linearity. Still worth a play if you're curious."
76561198131701503,Not Recommended,239200,34610218,Posted: 30 August,all,anotherphysicsgradstudent,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigsdescribes itself as a horror game, but rarely provoked more than a minor sense of unease.  And I'm generally quite easy to scare, so that's a bad thing.  But even if I ignore that and treat the game as an environmental interactive narrative, it still has some serious problems.Most damning of all is that I basically spent the last hour of the game wishing it wouldJUST END ALREADY.  Too many moments when the game thinks it is being profound when it isn't.  Too much purple prose.  A main character who was irritatingly stupid; I figured out that weweren't going to find his children alivevery early on, and there are plenty of documents you can find that all but confirm it, but it's only about 10 minutes before the end that the protagonist manages to see the obvious.  Too many points in the game where I completed puzzles without understanding what I was doing.  Too many other puzzles that were just too easy.  And, at the end, too many points where you are forced to move slowly or the environment suddenly drastically changes.  It's not a long game, but it felt it by the end.There were a few things I liked.  The music was good, and well-used.  The environment in the first two-thirds of the game were well-designed, doing an excellent job to maintain suspension of disbelief and make the factory seem real.  It's part of why I was so disappointed when the internal consistency seemed to disappear late on.  Also, the nature of the primary antagonist was kind of clever, though I actually had to look this up as it was poorly presented in-game.But these good points aren't enough.  I just can't recommend any game that bored me as much as this one."
,Recommended,239200,9374321,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Nuuskiss,"The Amnesia -horror game for players too afraid to play Amnesia: Dark Descent - like me =). But seriously - I liked this game's deep, emotive storyline and ever thrilling athmosphere that kept me playing until I saw the ending credits reaching their end."
,Not Recommended,239200,12857219,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Der Ungrund,"Rather than trying to repeat the success of ""Amnesia,"" Frictional hired The Chinese Room to make “A Machine for Pigs;"" a weird, little, ""Halloween 3"" style game that tells a complete story all its own, yet has nothing to do with the original.  To their credit, this was probably smart.  ""Amnesia"" was a brilliant game, but its scares were already wearing thin toward the end, so serving up a sequel that is nothing but more of the same wouldn't have gone over well.Unfortunately, ""A Machine for Pigs"" isn't even a fraction of the game that ""Amnesia"" was.  It doesn’t really bother trying to be a horror game, for starters.  The monsters are always well lit and kind of silly looking (I kept thinking of the pig sidekick from ""Beyond Good and Evil"" every time I saw them), and what's more, are barely in the game at all.  The lack of horror would be fine if it succeeded in some other area, but unfortunately it doesn't.  There are some puzzles, but it's not really an adventure game either.  ""Amnesia"" had very few puzzles, but made great use of its physics engine in the puzzles that it did have.  In contrast, the majority of AMfP's puzzles are of the ""find 3 different switches to progress"" variety, with next to no use of the game’s excellent physics engine.Given the limited scares, gameplay, and interactivity, AMfP ultimately plays more like a sequel to the Chinese Room's earlier game, ""Dear Esther,"" rather than ""Amnesia.""  The ending deals with some interesting ideas about the horrors of the 20th century, but much like ""Dear Esther,"" the developers never find a compelling means of expressing those ideas via gameplay.  So you are left with an odd tech demo type experience that is part adventure game, part horror game, and part interactive movie, but that never commits fully enough to any of these elements to do them properly.  The result, much like “Dear Esther,” reaches far, but ultimately collapses under the weight of its own pretensions, ending up playing a bit like an amateurish “Amnesia” mod awkwardly mashed up with a freshman creative writing project.A huge disappointment."
,Not Recommended,239200,26098477,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Mitch_no_one,"If you enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, just play it again ...﻿ or buy SOMA."
76561198051429685,Recommended,239200,22736373,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Not a Cop,"It's amazing how anyone could seriously give this a poor review. It is not meant to be a sequel. This is a completely different genre almost. It is more of a story driven game, and the story is unlike anything I have ever seen before.  It is so eerie, uncomfortable, and downright eye opening, it is an experience in gaming I can't say I have had before. Almost acting as a sort of strange documentary to the things that may be going on in the world at this very moment. It is amazing. Remember friends, This world is a machine, A Machine for Pigs."
,Recommended,239200,20294686,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tricks,"Excellent horror game with a heavily creepy atmosphere and a disturbing story. Love the setting, too."
,Recommended,239200,20295841,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rlyeh,"As a lot of people already said it, no this is not the same experience as The Dark Descent. But that doesn't make AMFP a bad game. These two games are very Lovecraftian in the idea, and that's about it for the similarity. TDD was more focused on the gameplay and the basic human fears, fear of dying, of the dark, of the unknown, etc.AMFP was more focused on the story, it was a psychological kind of horror, the fear of what you would discover, what might have happened.The story of AMFP is very good, the music is beautiful (Jessica Curry did a wonderful job), and the ending... there is no words to describe it.So even though I think TDD is a wonderful game, I enjoyed AMFP a lot more."
,Recommended,239200,7797492,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,`Loam,"The game was very story driven, more so than the last Amnesia I think.Only bad thing is that is it's not as scary. Still pretty freaky though.Definitely play it if you played the first Amnesia."
,Recommended,239200,7931534,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Nostalgianator,"While definitely a very different experience than the original Amnesia, I personally believed that Machine for Pigs was worth playing. While it started off somewhat lackluster with basic puzzles, little challenge and not a very compelling story,  as the game progressed it really started to draw me into the atmosphere and environment of the world. Upon finishing the game I was forced to admit (despite not initially liking the game) that I thought the story was much better than that of the first game, even if it was substantially shorter and not near as terrifying. Should you play this game? It depends on what you want to get out of it. If you're playing it for a compelling story about a father's search for his missing children, then it delivers and you'll  be pleased. If you're looking for simply a ""scary"" game filled with jumpscares and things to send chills up your spine, it may be best to look somewhere else."
,Recommended,239200,8047814,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,hlilje,"Building upon the legacy of Amensia: The Dark Descent, it is hard not to feel a bit let down about this game. This is a shame really, considering how atmospheric this game really is.The Amnesia HPL game engine succeeds in giving a real sense of weight to the machinery, and together with the sound design it actually manages to fully drag you in at certain moments in the game.What the game lacks is partially some of the gameplay mechanics that made the original Amnesia what it is today. This current system is simplifield, which in a way breaks the sense of helplessness the original game introduced.The game is also extremely linear, which might not necessarily be a bad thing, but compared to the original it feels way too limited and scripted. On the other hand, the way the story is told could have suffered from too much freedom as well.All these areas of critique are, however, intensified by this being a successor to what could arguably be, the best and most well designed horror game of all time.If you can look past its flaws, this is a short and sweet horror experience that is still one of the better examples of how the genre is presented today. Fans of steampunk and fiction with elements of horror won't be dissapointed, just don't set your initial expectations too high."
,Not Recommended,239200,10266460,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ManyLovebites,The first one was much more better than this. Buy first one instead.
,Recommended,239200,7980086,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Zombie Element,This game has some of the best dialogue I have ever experienced. The music is phenominal. And the story is probably the greatest I have ever played through. The speach at the end made every second and every penny I spent worth it to play this game.
,Not Recommended,239200,18051953,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Rau Aznable,"Once in a while, a great game comes out. That game becomes famous. And then, when a sequel comes out, it’s made simpler, easier and more “accessible”. That’s what happened here.The only good things about it are the extraordinary voice acting and the story. The actors knew this was a serious game and took it that way and the story is good enough to keep you from uninstalling before you finish it.You no longer have to manage which torches or candles you light up. There’s no more insanity, so you can be in the dark and look at enemies all the time you want. Puzzles are mostly just picking something up and taking it from one place to the other.This game is also hardly scary. It only scared me three times in four hours.It doesn’t have many jump scares, but you don’t need them to make a game scary. Some of the things that made the prequel scary were moments like hiding in a room and then, when an enemy entered the room, hoping he wouldn’t look at where you were. Or having an enemy chasing you and you knew you couldn’t outrun it. You had to close doors or setup obstacles on your way. The sequel has none of this.My main problem with it is the difficulty. I’ve been playing video games regularly since 1993 (even earlier, if you count electronic games) and this was the very first non-racing/sports/strategy game ever that I finished without dying. And I’m not even that good. Before this, my best survivability record was only dying twice when I finished “Sonic Chaos” for the first time with Tails, when I was a teenager. When I became aware of my “invincibility”, I stopped being afraid of the pigs.“Amnesia: The Dark Descent” will be known in History as one of the greatest horror games. “Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs” will be a footnote saying there was a sequel. Well, I hope Frictional Games made plenty of money with this use of the Amnesia name."
,Not Recommended,239200,17928146,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,yuru,"It's very hard to shine if you stand in the shadow of your bigger brother. Amnesia 2 really can not hold a candle to its predecessor in terms of ambience and overall gameplay. No time pressure because your lamp cannot run out of fuel. You see the enemy very very early, that really takes away a lot of tension. Also it's pigs... that's not scary."
,Recommended,239200,17606182,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,dots,This is a sausage factory.
,Not Recommended,239200,17671529,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Cheerylixilis,"As an Amnesia game? It's not good. But looking at the developer that was obvious. The chinese room is amazing at atmosphere and if this game was a cheap short jaunt into the machine it would have been amazing.This however?Got dull. There was almost no thrill to be found, things got old, the enemies were incredibly repetative for how little they actually appeared (One was added at the VERY end, only to be used twice. There were a number of times I could see irritating clipping. The voices, while done well droned on.Overall, while I LOVED games like Gone Home and Dear Ester, this  game? It was just boring. I KNEW what my character did for the longest time in the game, yet it get droning on about it so I was just left there waiting for the penny to drop.There was only...twice where I had anything close to a bit of fear. Once you realise that most areas literally have NO threats to you, you just rush through.That's another thing. It's only 5 hours long? A part of what padded out the playtime of the original amnesia was the need to collect oil, tinder and the fun you had when you got bored of just throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥around. This game has NONE of that. You just move through the levels, no need to explore.The most interesting part of this game to me was the very beginning. Exploring the house and discovering more about the characters. As it started to decend into the machine though it, again, got dull.One thing that really bugged me is that I REALLY wanted to see the machine properly. To look at it in it's glory but the draw distance on those objects was far too short and I doubt there was much effort in designing something the player wouldn't see.another thing was small graphical things. Clipping and noticing spots where textures didn't meet, creating a gap where there was no texture. Yes many games have those and I was willing to look past that but at the very end there were two spots,the convayer belt leading to stairs where your children are constantly appearing in the alcoves, watching you. The  belt clips into the stairs at the end.For such a cinematic part it really killed it for me.Then,at the end where you get into the chair. It really bugged me that he had no body, EVEN then. It was the very end of the game and you only had one thing left to do. Yet you were just a floating camera, no body, no anything. AND then when those arms come down they clip through a part of the console you just used.Overall it just didn't feel like fun or worth the time I put into it."
,Recommended,239200,8464397,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sdoots,"If you approach it as a sequel to Amnesia, you will be sorely dissapointed.If you can seperate it from that title, and instead think of it as a unique title, you're more likely to enjoy it. I really enjoyed my time with A Machine For Pigs, although I'm not sure ""enjoyed"" is the right word for a game that made me feel incredibly uncomfortable for its duration. It uses sound to more effectively disturb the player than many other games ever hope to do, and while it makes just as many missteps as it does successes, overall, I think A Machine for Pigs is a trip worth taking.Just please, don't expect Amnesia 2."
,Recommended,239200,11965806,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sox,scary
,Recommended,239200,51050,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Lawie,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is an interesting game. Those who seek a deep emotional storyline with a few creepy thrills in them, might find this game a game for them. However, the hardcore Amnesia/Horror fans will be quite dissapointed. I never finished the original for being too horrifying, however this game I have played out in 3.6 hours. And I must say, I haven't been jumping out of my chair. The voice acting and story is very sublime, Audioeffects does make you feel on edge, however, it has no scary moments. Except for running away from the ""pigmen"". And the soundtrack is amazingly good. I recommend this game for those who seek for a little thrill and a good story."
,Recommended,239200,1358999,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Bustin,Its the constipation aid you've been looking for....definately a worthy succesor to the first.
,Recommended,239200,1813482,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Nobody,"Highly recommend this! Spooky, creepy, disturbing and the enemy that follows you is much more horrifying that you can imagine. This was such a good game."
,Recommended,239200,11886506,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,GoblinFool,"Although not nearly as frightning as the first game, Machine for Pigs is however, much more story driven, and honestly, much easier to keep up with.Now, I did beat the first game, but once it ended, I had no idea what the heck the whole thing was about. I'm not sure if it is just me, and it was simply too complicated for my feeble mind, or if this game really based on a fever dream one of the developers had one night, but in short, I was totally lost with the story, but damn if I didn't wet my britches while running away from sheer terror.Anyways, Machine for Pigs (No, I have not finished it) so far is a much simplier story, one of which a father is looking for his children, while exploring the giant slaughter house that he inhiereted from his father's rich pork business. Yes, there is not that many scares, and with the few there is are harmless.So pretty much just flip-flop the two focuses of the two games. Dark Descent: Terror > Story;  Machine for Pigs: Terror < Story. Since there was a diffrence between devlopers, there was bound to be diffrences, and I, for one, liked the change of pace, and am eager to see the next projects of the game devs."
,Not Recommended,239200,22396446,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,FaiL,"Compared to the Dark Descent this is nothing. Not as mind Grinding, not as disturbing.Not a bad game, but under that name u'll probably expect more."
,Recommended,239200,13008525,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Acropolis,"I went into this game assuming it had nothing to do with The Dark Descent, and was basically a spiritual successor. However, it played pretty similarly to The Dark Descent, and even had a somewhat related story.It's about half as long, but just as good in my opinion. There is no puzzle-solving to speak of, and you likely won't have a problem with the enemies. The draw of this game is the sense of unease, and concise storytelling--I think I had more consistent fun playing A Machine for Pigs.If you like horror or The Dark Descent, I recommend sticking this on your wishlist and maybe waiting for a sale. It's not as perfect as The Dark Descent, but it's still great.8/10, forever stuck in The Dark Descent's shadow"
76561198046968132,Not Recommended,239200,10407670,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Nuke it with water,"If you loved the first game and are looking for that same experience, look elsewhere, because you won't find it here."
76561198034251177,Not Recommended,239200,7853991,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tamurai,"This game is no where near as good as the first game. It's not even comparable. Most of the time, it's just very dull and there's nothing that made me interested or immersed. There was a lack of game music during %80 of the game. So a lot of the ""scary"" scenes were very awkward and silent. Frictional games messed up by letting Chinese Room be a part of this game."
76561198072571297,Recommended,239200,12076089,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MsuhP612,"Amazing game, stunning visuals, and immersive atmosphere. The story is unique and full of twists. You will see pigs in a whole new light."
,Recommended,239200,122666,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Yanka,"Atmosphere, design, voice acting, SFX, and the soundtrack... great job. Some little differences if we compare it to Amnesia: TDD but well, in fact it was not a problem. Story was really, really good (I loved it). Only sad thing, maybe it was a little too short! Waiting for a new Penumbra now~"
76561198025369330,Recommended,239200,14118990,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dulest Dagger,"A pretty good game that comes no where near filling the shoes of it's predecessor.First off, if you're looking for a game rivaling the Dark Descent, you're probably going to be disappointed. Machine for pigs is less scary, more linear, and if anything a bit uglier perhaps. Yet I still recommend it if for nothing else that it still maintains the Amnesia atmosphere, and I actually like the story better than that of Dark Descent.Long Stroy Short:Cons:-Runs like crap, game doesn't look very good, and I had to set it back to low to even eek out 20 fps (and I meet the recommended reqs)-Very, very linear. If you enjoyed the open-ended ""search for the thingy to open the door"" gameplay of Dark Descent, then Pigs will sorely disappoint you. It's basically move through the area to the end, avoid a monster sometimes.-Pretty short, finished the whole game in 3.8 hours, but Dark Descent was about that long too.Pros:-Great atmosphere, and an interesting setting to boot, much better than some haunted castle as with Dark Descent.-Really enjoyed the story, Dark Descent got kinda convuluted and weird towards the end, and I really liked Pigs story. No complaints there.TLDR; Buy on sale unless you really really want more Amnesia, otherwise, wait till on sale. Enjoyable experience overall. Just not worth $20."
,Recommended,239200,9812331,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ste5e,"Doesn't beat the last Amnesia, but still good in it's own right. Good environments, alright storytelling if you read all the notes."
,Not Recommended,239200,24740596,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,markornikov,"I didn't like the first Amnesia game due to it's tedious gameplay mechanics, but this installment isn't good either.It lacks a creepy atmosphere and storytelling. Puzzles are repetive and too easy.The enemies aren't scary at all, and easily avoided by running away.It took me literally 15 secs to figure out how to 'kill' the endboss, because all you ever do in this game is pull levers.The game is also way too dark, even with the torch on you barely can see the environments at all, instead of making it 'scary', the gameworld becomes dull and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,239200,9165178,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Amaranthus,A lot of pigs died.
,Not Recommended,239200,7851299,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pfoooogel,"No scares, creepy atmosphere though. Nice sounds and graphics. The playtime with 3 hours is veery short, could'nt get quiet into the game. Story is questionable and you always wait for something to happen.Would not recommend to buy if you have played the dark descent. You can't even pick up all things, only those, who are relevant. It's more casual than the first Game. Don't deserves the name ""Amnesia""Pros:-Graphic-Sound-AtmosphereCons:-Easy Physics-Boring-no ""panic"" moments (scares)-weak Storyline-Very Short Playtime-No mod support (so far("
76561198004111319,Recommended,239200,12701045,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,A Vicious Vampire,"Fans of Amnesia: The Dark Descent may find the sequel a bit dissapointing in terms of scariness.  Don't get me wrong, it's still plenty more frightening than most so called 'Horror' games, but without wishing to ruin certain game aspects, I found myself a lot less tense playing the sequel than I was with the original.  The story of Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs takes more of a center role, wheras it was more of a guiding factor in The Dark Descent, and in this aspect it's definately more engaging, particularly the ending.If you like horror games, it's definately worth checking out.  Just try not to hold it up to The Dark Descent in expectations."
76561198057355906,Recommended,239200,6019597,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Mr Tumnus,"If you want an experience, play this.  A lot less interactive than the dark descent, but a lovely soundtrack and story."
,Recommended,239200,8341292,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Political_Zombie,"This game is good. If you like like the thrill of being chased or even the scare of jumpscares, This game is for you. Knowing something is lurking and following you adds to the tension and makes this the game a must buy. 10/10"
76561198050547794,Recommended,239200,5483838,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Fenjase,"Very different from what you would expect from Frictional Games, but it is The Chinese Room who has developed the game.All in all without going into detail, it's a very straight forward plot with very predictable actions. The ending is a bit ""neh"" due to that. I would not call it a sad, scary or intense game at all. It's alright by means that it has a plot.The engine is the same as the previous game with some new objects added.The scariest thing for me was properly the trophy room, which you probably will understand why if you see it.The game is not worth the 12 euro I gave for it for the story and graphics, but I'm sure it's worth the effort the developer put into it, considering the game is almost a year late!If you like scary games, then this is probably not the game for you. It concentrates on instant shocks rather than atmosphere. It lacks the ambience in most parts of the game, but you are able to hear the soundtracks in the rather important parts.Lots of puzzles, but they are easy enough to figure out.The game is VERY metaphorically! Basically everything is considered a metaphor for something else, so beware of that!My recommendation for the game:6/10The story is not horrible, but it misses out on some points, and is very predictable. It's not a Frictional Game production and you can clearly feel the difference, however if you want to check it an almost scary game, then this is probably the right for you.Ambience could be better by creating an atmosphere instead of just listening to the sounds of the machine."
,Recommended,239200,6177996,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,booms8,"Different feel to the first one, but still a spectacular experience. Seems more polished in general than Dark Descent (which was still pretty good), and the story is just as intriguing."
,Recommended,239200,11645177,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,D.O.,"Although this game isn't as good as Amnesia: the Dark Decent, it's fairly enjoyable and creepy. The plot isn't all that great and it isn't as immersive as the previous game, but it's interesting.I have no complaints about the game mechanics except for the lantern. The lantern has an infinite burn time, you don't need to go find oil for it. I think that limiting lantern use makes the game more creepy. It does attract the antagonist, but you can easily outrun him. The AI for them is a bit lacking compared to The Dark Decent.The atmosphere will make you reluctant to continue with the game. I played 20 or 30 minutes at a time before I got completely creeped out and stopped to play less creepy games.I'll give it 6/10 simply because the plot was so lacking and the infinite lantern."
,Recommended,239200,10190420,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,rasmus,damn dude2spooky4me
,Not Recommended,239200,10615021,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LugnaPuckar,"Huge dissappointment. Patheticly bad and just awful. No horror at all, just a silly and stupid story. Do NOT recommend.Edit:The story of this game is in my opinion very bad and dull, and not even that interesting.The immersion was alright, and it had potential to be quite good with a proper story and proper horror in it.You must NOT buy this if you seek a game that's horrifying, and a game that'll give you good chills like ""Amnesia: The dark descent"" does.This game just borrows the title ""Amnesia"" from its previous master title, it's NOT made by the same people."
,Recommended,239200,17708,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Dysp,"The sequel, if you'll call it that, to Amnesia The Dark Descent has many fantastic qualities. Through finely crafted atmosphere and ambiance, made possible by excellent environmental sounds and well-designed spaces, the game succeeds in creating an extremely tense mood, perfect for a late night alone with the headphones on.That being said, the game lacks many gameplay elements of its predecessors. To the point where it's hardly more than an interactive horror story. A good story mind you, but one all the same. I cannot recommend this game at its current price point. A price of $7.50 or lower would feel more appropriate"
76561198070573641,Not Recommended,239200,8670140,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Xander,This game is very different from the first and that isn't such a good thing where in the first game the enemies mostly come and disapear when you sanity level gets low so you never know where they are. But in this game you know right where they are so it is easy to get pased them and some great things in the first game that made it scary like the sanity bar and lantern oil is completely gone.
,Recommended,239200,11670079,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Yuri Bear Lulu,"This game is very polarizing. You'll either love it or hate it. If you're looking for more horror like The Dark Descent, you'll probably be dissapointed. If you're looking for a very atmospheric game with an interesting story(like I was), then you'll love it.I myself have probably enjoyed playing this game a bit too much(It's usually 2 hours long on subsequent playthroughs and I've played it for about 15 hours). In addition to a ""lack"" of horror, it's lost a lot of the key gameplay elements of TDD like lantern oil, an inventory, puzzles and exploration. It's more or less pure story.In the end, if you're looking for Amnesia 2, don't come here. If you're looking for Dear Esther + Amnesia, then you won't regret getting this. I know I didn't."
,Recommended,239200,10997925,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Destaice,"I got to the first monster, or at least I think it was the first monster.Looked like a patrol, so I waited for about 5 minutes. When it didn't come, I ventured further.Found the little piggy stuck on a cage. I turned on my lantern and he got upset.So he turned around, walked into the wall, and was never seen again.10/10, officially spooped."
,Recommended,239200,11002552,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Nevrak,"One of the scariest games I have ever played, but well worth it! This game will have you on the edge of your seat!"
76561198141700052,Recommended,239200,10993944,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,scott_rolfe,its better the the first one and is one of my favourite games on steam
76561198010528672,Recommended,239200,11057973,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Teddy Bonkers,"I'll start off by saying I never played through The Dark Descent personally, so I couldn't fairly compare the two even if I wanted to. However, as a stand alone title, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing experience. Play alone, at night, with noise cancelling headphones. Observing the story unfold is a great reward unto itself, but the fact that you are interacting with a three dimensional world creates a sense of surrealism that helps the dark themes to permeate through your psyche and truly makes you believe that you cannot escape the infernal machine."
76561198121432298,Recommended,239200,11102945,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,sWol,Scary as hell! Love it!
76561197971789252,Recommended,239200,11103771,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,andrespi,Fantastic game.
,Not Recommended,239200,7928489,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Nothing But A Husk,Nothing like the first game. The story is okay but there isnt enough to do to keep the game entertaining for the three hours that it takes to complete
76561198034101726,Not Recommended,239200,10608633,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Deckz,Amnesia a machine for disappointment.
,Not Recommended,239200,10709409,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Manax,"A poor follow up to the original, don't waste your time."
,Recommended,239200,7865426,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,nukerz,"A lot of people reacted very negatively to this game because they were expecting the same game as the original.  In this regard, it is true, AAMFP fails.  Where The Dark Descent was a shining example of survival horror, AAMFP is much more in the direction of an interactive story, like Dear Esther.  That's not to say that AAMFP had no elements of a survival horror whatsoever - there were still more than a couple points that require quick thinking to get out of a tight situation.  However, expect much less focus on puzzles and escaping from monsters and more focus on storytelling.  If this doesn't sound appealing then AAMFP is not for you.  It's clear that Frictional Games took the backseat in production of this game and let The Chinese Room do their thing.However, as an interactive, Dear Esther style story, AAMFP is excellent.  It's immersive environment and engrossing plot kept me playing steadily until the end.  The truly awesome visuals and powerful soundtrack are incredible.  The sprinkling of Aztec themes and recurring plot elements were always fun to find.  I enjoyed AAMFP, but only because I can look past ATDD.If you're expecting a sequal to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, don't buy this game.  If you want to buy this game, do it expecting a game more oriented towards interactive storytelling and less towards survival horror.  But do expect an incredible ride!"
76561198056805943,Recommended,239200,13535831,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fuzzy Bumpkins,"Most people have been recently hating on this game, saying that it ""wasn't scary"" and that you are never in ""actual danger."" However, I feel that the game isn't about that. Although I have not played Dark Descent, I still believe that this game was successful in freaking the crap out of me. The developers of this game do not establish horror through jump scares and immediate danger, but rather through the atmosphere which makes the game feel like you are always in danger. The story was excellent and extremely original and overall I highly recommend buying it. The extensive story also makes it interesting to play with friends  and the overall experience has made me a fan of the franchise. Although the graphics are not the best, this games atmosphere and story makes up for it. Personally, I'd give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,239200,7328148,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,.Ryo,"Pareil que pour le premier opus de la série, stress et angoisses au rendez-vous ;)"
,Recommended,239200,7364981,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,vgf89,"This is no The Dark Descent, but dammit if I didn't like this game. This game is not about jump scares. It's not about making as firghtened as it possibly can. This game is not about racking your brain to complete puzzles... No, this game is about eveloping your soul into a creepy, disconcerting atmosphere and telling you a horrific tale, and it does those things damn well. The grapics, lighting, and architecture are overall fantastic. The Score and sound design are some of the best I've heard. The story is creepy and bizarre.This is definitely worth the play. It's only about 5 hours long and it's best played with lights off, headphones on, and completed in 1 or 2 play sessions. The controller support is perfect as well."
,Recommended,239200,449820,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,ponKy,"First playthrough took ~4h, 10 times less scary then the first one. 2/5 wouldn't buy again."
,Recommended,239200,2616612,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Master xD,":D ein sehr gutes spiel, genauso wie sein vorgänger, mit Unheimliche geraüsche, schockeffekten, bizzare story, zu empfehlen. x)"
,Recommended,239200,23844217,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mason,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs satisfied my persistent morbid curiosity and my craving for an atmospheric horror game.The game relies on heavy-handed, fantastical themes, and it commits to them fully throughout. It works. The writing is over-embellished, yes, and it suits the game just fine and is fun to read.It is a great little horror story, one of my favorites in gaming.This game shares a few similarities with Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but should not be regarded as a sequel. I adore The Dark Descent, and I assure you this is not the way to replicate that experience. A Machine for Pigs is simply asimilargame which shares the main essential plot device: you play as a character who wakes up with amnesia, and you need to explore to unravel the mysteries of recent events and what happened to you. This framework is very effective and A Machine for Pigs is justified in putting it to use once again for another romp through horror-filled corridors.For those that do play The Dark Descent first, you will find a few nods to its story within A Machine for Pigs, allowing for more layers of terror.So, A Machine for Pigs:You will explore, and you will glimpse things, but the information you gather is where the real horror lies. I like that about this game. I found that I was more frightened by what I could not see, as is often the case with the human imagination.This is a short game. It doesn't overstay its welcome. The story is concise and the pace is very good. While playing through I appreciated how tight everything was. In this case I'll take a short, powerful punch of a game over something drawn out with filler for the sake of a few extra hours of gameplay.I appreciated that there was virtually no backtracking and no repetitive fetch missions. Each new environment felt fresh and progress never halted.The story drives the gameplay.  You can feel the weight of it. A series of horrific events now culminate in this conclusion - where we join the game - where a character's journey will unfold over the course of a single feverish evening.In most games time is very abstract, but not here. These events feel like they're passing in real time which is a great effect.The mansion was very creepy with some unique imagery. It comes off as memorable, almost a character in its own right.I'm glad there were almost no jumpscares, and they kept ""chase sequences"" to a minimum so they did not lose their effect.I enjoyed the gruesome nature of the game, and I was left wanting more information and details. In regards to morbid curiosity, there was plenty to gawk at.I thought the character models would benefit from a few aesthetic changes. They were nearly perfect but needed to be tweaked to be truly scary. The animations were lacking for me.The lightsource was necessary only at some points. I thought it could have been implemented better, and it should have flickered more sporadically.I must insist the game benefitsgreatlyfrom being completed in one sitting, or a single day. Considering the runtime of 4-5 hours, I urge players to save it for when you can play to completion. It is important to immerse in the game, read all of the writings and infer what you will about ""what lies beneath...""Buy it on sale!When I found out the game was shorter with simpler gameplay, I just stalked it forever on Steam until it finally went on sale for the first time. It was a long wait but I wanted to play it and I got it for a price I thought was fair.I am very happy to have this game in my growing horror collection on Steam. If you're anything like me (if you love horror but find that nothing scares you) my advice is to try to let yourself be scared. Similar to when you're viewing a horror movie, it's much more fun if you go in with the right attitude of wanting to be scared. You have to buy-in in order to get the experience. Always play in the dark with headphones and avoid distractions or interruptions. (Old, tired sentiments, I know. But I have to remind myself to buy-in sometimes.)"
76561198051304337,Recommended,239200,21714339,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Turing's Test,"What it lacks in gameplay it makes up for in a horrifyingly compelling story rife with atmosphere and dark, provocative themes. An unforgettable descent into the machine that drives our hearts and engineers our minds."
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,239200,8502392,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"In short, A Machine for Pigs is much different from it's predecessor. I honestly feel bad that Frictional games allowed this title to be released under the Amnesia banner because this just does not live up to the original Amnesia. The sense of horror and complete helplessness that the original had is close to nonexistent in A Machine for Pigs. It is also significantly shorter.There is basically zero gameplay elements because the inventory has been removed and the enemies in the game which you are supposed to be weary of are few and far between. The Dark Descent also had two central ""hub"" areas which you could explore around, as to not make the game linear. A Machine for Pigs is COMPLETELY linear and there are basically zero puzzles. The ""puzzles"" are literally just flip a few switches and move on. That's it. Super dissappointing. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, the game warns you ahead of time when anything out of the ordinary is going to happen by making the lights flicker and your lamp flickers. What is the point of making a horror game when you cue the player into knowing EXACTLY when and where the scary moments are? The design just doesn't make sense.As far as the story goes, it is overly symbolic and never really draws you in. I feel like the story relies on making you care about the events which are occurring, yet it never does anything to make you care about the events. The best analogy I can make is the story feels like a nightly news broadcast about some random story that you don't care about.Verdict: Skip this waste of time and play the original Amnesia.A Machine for Pigs takes about 5 hours to complete.4/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)"
,Not Recommended,239200,11184989,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kainite,"Meh. Not as much fun as the dark descent. - Pigs are just not as frightening, and the story was pretty obvious"
,Recommended,239200,24220033,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Da Spoon,"Look... Amnesia: the Dark Descent ismy favorite horror game to date, other than Cry of Fear, and Resident Evil 1, but this game is NOT AS SCARY AS AMNESIA. Far from it. the monsters are more visible, removing the terror of anonimity in the first game's monsters, and it's quite linear. However, it is an incredible game nonetheless. If you want more Dark Descent nail-biting horror, then definitely do not buy this. But if you want a gruesome story of betrayal, loss, and  the result of a helplessly sick and twisted mind? This game is it. It's desperately dark, sick, and twisted. I loved every minute of it. To be deep in the guts of the machine was a gut-wrenching and claustrophobic nightmare that few games these days manage to portray.Other points:The game is decently short. I wasn't too disappointed at all, but it isn't a long game. (STILL WORTH PLAYING.)Maybe a bit predictable to some, but my mind was mercifully clueless as to the bigger reveals.Well put together. Few glitches, immersive puzzles and world, and enough inhumanity to satisfy any fan of classic horror stories.Once again, it's NOT AMNESIA QUALITY, but a hell of a good game anyway."
,Recommended,239200,5638170,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Vampire Fell,Amnesia A machine for pigs is a game that will pull you right into the game. I can say this amnesia is more chilling then the dark descent So yeah Buy it.. and enter a world of horrors ....ha..ha and dont let the pig get to you...
,Not Recommended,239200,8807873,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,V00D00M0NKY,"If you liked Amnesia: The Dark Decent and are buying this thinking it's like that, DON'T. This game is nothing like TDD. I was playing for an hour and got maybe 2 jumpscares, 0 monsters, and 0 puzzles. Now I only say zero puzzles because the game blatantly directing you though a puzzle should not be considered a puzzle. I think I saw a couple monsters but they were so far away with no way of getting to me that I was able to just ignore them. As for the jumpscares, that's all they are. once the jump is done that's it, you can relax. Whereas in TDD, the jumpscares led to chases or something else to make the scare last.I give this a 2/10 so far. Maybe the game just takes to long to get started. Lets hope so."
,Recommended,239200,24112929,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gregório,"Although Dark Descent was, in my opinion, better, I really liked this game. High points for me where the settings, soundtrack, atmosphere and the awesome story. Really nice locations and I liked being able to play outside, something that wasn't possible on the first one."
,Recommended,239200,3876461,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Halflight,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs introduces many changes to the original game's formula, but nevertheless manages to be as, if not far more, scary and aggravating on the player.The inventory system and all related agemplay mechanics are gone, in favor of personally picking up and using right away the proper item in the proper place. Since puzzles weren't exactly the main beef of Amnesia: the Dark Descent, they aren't such in this sequel too.While the monsters encounters are more rare, and the removal of the sanity mechanic make things more manageable, they have been made overall harder: the creatures don't despawn after a short while, the enviroment is far more cramped and the sound hints are often covered by other noisesAmnesia: A Machine for Pigs shows its best suit in the story, voice acting and general atmosphere, which is far more gritty, grotesque and nauseating than in the first game. Which is really saying something"
,Recommended,239200,3358885,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,K1ngCraft,"So far this ""game"" feels like a mod for Amnesia The Dark Decent. No inventory. No sanity. The flashlight flickers every time, just before the ""monster"" arrives. Which by the way, is not scary at all, and has very bad path finding. The graphics and atmosphere are done very very very well, but are let down by everything else."
76561198019152900,Recommended,239200,10701848,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mang,"Interesting first-person horror game that is grounded in social/political commentary about the ills of society and man's effort to save humanity from self-destructing (albeit in a morbid way involving lots of pigs). Also deals about the consequences of playing God in order to make that happen. Play this game for the slow-building tension and suspense that accompanies a profound story about one man's quest for redemption in an unforgiving world.Overall, this game is nowhere near as scary as the first Amnesia. The first game was more focused on instilling a constant fear and dread in players, while this sequel is more focused on having players slowly unravelling the sad story of one man's ambition. Puzzles are boring but easy (I rarely ever got stuck and the lantern in this game has endless energy so you won't have to worry about finding matchboxes like the last game. Get this game on sale for 5 bucks because I bought it for the same price and spent 5 hours to complete it, even as I explored the levels for the notes that added to the games' story."
,Recommended,239200,3578293,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Kruseid,"This is brillaintly made. While at times it was not as horrifying as the original. It made up for with fearsome tense pressure and a story that leaves you in awe. If you loved the first, get this one too."
,Recommended,239200,3352956,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,(Kog)Doremy Sweet,"Don't go into this game expecting the same experience as you got out of TDD.  While TDD may have scared you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, AMFP will put you on edge, and make you scared to look around corners.My overall time with this game was startlingly short.  But it kept me engrossed and immersed.  It did an excellent job of actually scaring me, something The Dark Descent was unable to do.  It was, however, far too linear.  It removes a lot of elements that TDD had to focus more on the story.  And it's a decent story, albeit kind of convoluted.  A lot of things happen pointlessly, various mechanics and whatnot.But it was a good game, I enjoyed it, and given the choice to go back and decide whether to buy it or not, I would.  Simply because it gave me an experience I haven't had in a while.So yes, Kog Seal of Approval"
76561198018537483,Recommended,239200,3173005,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Pure Anger,"I might as well say that this game is far from as scary as Amnesia: the dark decent.Allthough this game lack some scare factor it still works it wonders. As of now i haven't finished the game because of a game crash,You should be able to save at will instead of saving and quiting or rely on the auto saves as i have to play for about 30 min before reaching the point i was at prior to the crash. This ruins it for me as the game is linear and you rally don't have a reason to play through it twice.I have played through amnesia: the dark decent three time and it still gives me chills. This game however would be lucky if it could scare me on the second playthorugh.The monsters in this game lack some level of scaryness and i don't really fear rushing on as there are no scary audio that backs up the fact that they are chasing me, and when they see you, it is not very hard to run away. If you tried that in amnesia :TDD you would be killed before getting anywhere and the scary music would make me take a 2 day break in an instantThe game also removed the inventory and it also have no sanity bar(or health meter) also you no longer need to rely on tinderboxed and oil to progress, there are no wardrobes to hide in either. Taking all of this things away is like taking away key parts of the originalWhile you still can't fight the game doesn't make it challenging at all. It is a cakewalk at least until the part i am at. And there are only a couple of jumpscares, other than that it is the usual thrill when you get to see the monster for the first time.Compared to Amnesia: the dark decent i don't think this game does it justice, but the game is fairly scary and i would recommend it to fans of Amnesia"
76561198097990437,Recommended,239200,7694988,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,✯ Echo the Brave ✯,"So imagine entering a dark basement. You just found out that a creature is somehwere in the basement with you. Cages are everywhere and you hear whimpers from below, then your lamp starts to flicker and you see something quickly scuttle across the passageway in front of you....you venture closer.....and your lantern dies....Machine for pigs guys. It's an expreince. no joke. grab a copy,grab a friend, hell grab some pork skins and bacon slices. turn off the lights and hope your courage lasts you to the end....."
,Recommended,239200,7379843,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Shu |  一緒に,"Not the same as the orignal, but it has beautiful music and wonderful gameplay. It only has a low score on metacrtic because it was not scary as the first."
,Recommended,239200,8685617,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cheergurl,very different in jumpscares from original... very much creepier from original... VERY creepy in the church area with the pig on the cross and all the people in cages... overall a 9.5/10!
,Recommended,239200,18061540,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,gruntsandwich,"Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs is a walking simulator. The story is very good, but not great. The atmosphere is great, but the enemies are very underwhelming. The game play is mainly walking, it has very few puzzles and enemy encounters. There is also an unlimited lantern rather then having fuel. There is also no insanity system. Overall it is a 7.5/10: worth playing once, but any more then $5 is way too high of a price for at most 4 hours of gameplay."
76561197979261882,Recommended,239200,28357726,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Snuttfisen,"A fun experience.Not as scary as the first game though, since they decided to get rid of health (sort of) and psyche.However, infinite lantern oil was a welcome feature.Pros:+ Easier to navigate the environment this time.+ Great music, voice actors and audio effects (however, there´s a slight ticking sound that gets annoying).+ Ok visuals.+ Nice story.+ Infinite lantern oil.Cons:- No inventory.- No multiple endings (at least to my knowledge)- The lack of narrated letters makes the experience feel a tad cheap.- Even though the story is nice it´s quite obvious in some regards.- The overall experience is kind of...""meh"".Will I reccomend this?Well, that´s a tough one. Again, Steam I wish you had a middle ground button, I´d say YES if you loved the heck out of The Dark Descent and just want more nutty stories, then yes. But DO NOT expect too much from this game.Like I previously stated, the overall experience kind of falls flat. Which is a shame."
,Recommended,239200,14008773,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sworen,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs despite being another entry to the series, feels like a different game.  The main difference is the larger emphasis on a psychological horror.  Overall it is weaker to the previous Amnesia before it.  Part of this comes from too easily revealing the illusion between a lot of the mechanics.  It ruins the mystery of danger in the game.  Also to note the puzzle solving is simpler than it was before as well.I still reccomend it in the end, but it cannot meet the higher marks the first game had."
,Not Recommended,239200,10779577,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vejita,This is not a horror game. There is no actual threat present. The game is the usual Chinese Room attempt at video gaming where you strip out all the gameplay and force feed the player a story.Pass.
76561198044969619,Recommended,239200,8316351,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aurora,good game but i think the first one was better i finished this one in 17hrs im still working on the first one
,Not Recommended,239200,17551666,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Kothorix,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHMCXJdQ-9wA diluted and less immersive shadow of it's predecessor. A Machine For Pigs is too short for it's $20 asking price, but  may be worth buying on sale or in a bundle pack with the original Amnesia."
,Not Recommended,239200,10266198,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,XpertAssassin13,"This game was not nearly as good as the first, in any way, at all. Really, if you are interested in it, go turn off all the lights in your house and go into a dark room and watch some youtuber do a lets play of it (pewdiepie :). I wouldn't waste your money on this game. :P"
76561198083294832,Recommended,239200,7029681,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Krissy,"Game is reasonable. While its not as scary as the main story in ATDD and lacks the ability for custom stories its still good. I'd say they would have been better releasing it as a standalone game instead of part of the amnesia series because many people have been let down by the fact its not as scary and its not what they've paid for. Regardless the game has a solid story which you cant really fault and does build an atmosphere but where it falls short is that it doesnt use this atmosphere and a lot of the time it flatlines. Anyway if you like these types of games, i dont think you'll be too disapointed however, don't go in expecting me be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it simply will not happen."
,Not Recommended,239200,8076009,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Psychobard,"If you want 2spooky4me Dear Esther 2:  Electric Walkaloo, you might like it.If you wanted Amnesia 2, expect to be disappointed;  I know I was."
,Recommended,239200,4583680,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,sideshowjack,2spooky4me #kony2012
76561198026368237,Recommended,239200,3706605,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,SK8 2 CRE8,"The game was published by Frictional Games and was develeoped by the Chinese Room, You might be familiar with their work ""Dear Esther"".Much of the elements of the Dark Descent have been removed, the inventory and the puzzles. When you explore the environment, you might have an idea of how it might tie to the Dark Descent if you're curious.Some might say it stops being scary halfway. This might be true for some veterans of horror games. My interpretation of the game is that it might not gravitate its whole theme about fear, but rather a story of how the nature of humanity changes in an age of industrialization.This game does take some dramatic turns you might not expect. I personally enjoyed the story and experiencing it first hand."
,Not Recommended,239200,13918365,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sydney's World,"I was forewarned with the plethera of bad reviews, but liked the previous games and decided to give it a try. It started out with horror...yes, I was scared, the dread building that I had wasted my money. My fear was well founded. Though the journal entries are well written, the gameplay itself is unforgivably dull, and the game was soon uninstalled, to haunt my library no longer."
76561198057976973,Not Recommended,239200,9307189,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,✿ daisy ✿,"As a big fan of Amnesia; Dark Descent, I was gravely disappointed when playing trough A Machine for Pigs. Lack of the enviroment and other elements, such as movin objects and not being able to create custo maps, which were big deal in first game, made A Machine For Pigs simply a game that you just had to walk trough. Lack of horror and the shortness of the game was very, very disappointing.Even though the game was not made by the original creators of Amnesia, I was still expecting much from the 'sequel' and didn't get anything from it."
,Recommended,239200,30381760,Posted: 7 March,all,grimvitality,"I actually don't mind this game that much. Yes I am disappointed in a few things such as: not losing sanity and never needing to replenish supplies, but I personally don't mind it being a walking simulator. The game isn't as scary, but the story and music are very interesting. I came in open minded and thus more accepting of the big differences between this game and TDD. I think this game would have gotten higher ratings if it wasn't branded as an Amnesia game, but personally I'm not bothered by it at all. Highly recommend this game but only on sale as there isn't much replay value and it is a short experience."
76561198066691628,Recommended,239200,7924891,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Hidden Warrior,"Though I will admit this game can't compare to the original Amnesia, I definitely still enjoyed it and would consider it a good game overall. While yes, the gameplay is much simpler, and it is not as as scary as the Dark Descent, I would say I actually prefer the story of this game. I wouldn't categorize AMFP as a horror game, though it definitely had some scary moments/sequences (at least for me). Rather, it's more of a game with elements of horror and an interesting (albeit rather dark) story that you get to experience. And in my opinion, the tense and, at times, terrifying atmosphere coupled with the overarching narrative make it a game, and a story, worth experiencing."
,Recommended,239200,7761683,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Rj Prime,"(First Impression) The background and ambient of Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is more sinister than it's predecesor. It keeps me with more suspense. Though I admit the first appearance of my ""pursuer"" didn't impress me much. I stood a while in front of *it* in the darkness and then runed to safety. Don't get me wrong, this game will keep you in suspense and uncertanity. I will update when I reach the end game."
,Not Recommended,239200,4283146,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,DougYanceyFunnie,"Amnesia: a Buyer's remorse.Worst game ever, I'm very sick of the ""too dark to see"" atmosphere in these horrible games. It's not even scary. This is the most boring game I have ever played in my life. Huge waste of time and money. Buy OUTLAST instead."
76561198064832309,Not Recommended,239200,10544076,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Moldovahkiin,"Definitely visually appealing, but lacks in story and gameplay. The game is MUCH shorter than the first, much easier (regardless of how you play horror games), and finishing the game isn't as satisfying. Though, I do like the design of the game. There is just something about how the game feels and how the narrative is structured that kept me from completely disliking it."
,Recommended,239200,1626304,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Ogg,"A Machine For Pigs is game of its own, more about the story and less gamy than Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The game has lost its fundamental mechanisms: the refillable lamp and the sanity meter. Puzzles are rare and more than easy. I don't even think you can die in this game. Somehow, you could say it's a dumbed-down version of the Dark Descent. But it's not. It's something different. It doesn't aim for the same effects/affects. The narrative is powerful and the setting is unsettling. The story  has this most peculiar lovecraftian quality that makes you realise that what is to fear is not in the fantastic world, but in the real one. Definitely recommended for those that long for more than cheap thrills."
76561198044549465,Recommended,239200,11797385,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,ayoungboy21,"I did not enjoy it as much as the first, but i still had some fun. My best advice is get it cheap and play if you like first person horror and porkers. Yay bacon!"
,Recommended,239200,10586955,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zaarin_2003,"Not so much the 'survival horror' of the first Amnesia: the Dark Descent; A Machine for Pigs does away with many of the elements its predecessor had in that vein. So, there are no limited resources to grab, no sanity to keep or torches that run out of oil.This time, the game would prefer to let its intense story at atmosphere scare you, instead of relying on the prospect of running out of torch light or a monster chasing you through a corridor for its scares. You will either love or hate this change. Fans of survival horror may be dissapointed if that is what they are expecting - it is no longer this type of game. Fans of the original game who want something new and different will certainly enjoy it.I think most will agree after playing both games that the Dark Descent is more immediately terrifying. It is unlikely that there will be YouTube videos of people jumping at this game, as there was with the original. Saying that, although I never felt as insanely frightened playing A Machine for Pigs as when I played the original game, I felt a more lasting and meaningful sense of unease. The story takes a hold of you in the same way as the monsters did previously. It is a much more interesting and disturbing game than the Dark Descent, and something which I spent a long time thinking about after finishing."
76561198106605965,Recommended,239200,20517432,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,David Bowie Sensei,"Great game, but idk what it is about bald kids. It freaks me out."
,Recommended,239200,11745377,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,TUNASUB,"It really was a scary game, but i must say the first one was more scarier and more challenging."
,Recommended,239200,10666252,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,abacs21,"While not as scary as the first Amnesia, the story, the environment and the music all added up perfectly to make a great game in my opinion. Do not necessarily believe those who call it sh*t. It is definitely worth a try, so give it a shot so you can decide if you like it yourself. :)"
76561198005874522,Recommended,239200,9265694,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Saorla,"I read through some of the reviews for this game and it doesn't do the game Justice, I played through Amnesia The Dark Decent and then Machine for Pigs and I can honestly say Machine for Pigs I liked FAR BETTER! Amnesia was scaryier with the insanity meter, and the creatures were eeryier.... the music trailing you and having to always find places to hide was spine chilling.But Machine for Pigs had a far more in depth story, the music relfected the atmosphere of every scene.. I liked how the story played out and the characters a bit more, I liked getting to know the creatures and understanding their side of the story as well as the main characters. A lot of thought was put into this game. Yeah after awhile the creatures arent nearly as scary because you come to understand them and you can study them they don't just disapear all the time. But it adds to it in a different way. I didn't miss the sanity meter it was still there in some ways just it didn't damage your brain. This game is more about the story but it definately kept me on the edge of my seat, lots of scares! The first game makes you feel more on edge, But this one sends chills down your spine and makes you question A LOT of things. The ambience of the scenery and the evolution of all the different aspects of the story were amazing.If your looking to buy this game don't listen to the comments about the game sucking because they took out some aspects of the first one. It is still a DAM GOOD GAME! and its worth buying!!"
76561197984842939,Recommended,239200,9909718,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Solityber,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs was a game that i really waited because i liked Amnesia: Dark Descent and its nice scary atmosphere and creepy monsters.First moments in Machine for Pigs were good because of the good scary atmosphere and you didnt know what kind of monsters the game have, and sometimes you got scared by tiny jumpscares wich keeped the atmosphere up. It kind of felt that the game will be like Dark Descent, Unfortunately after you see the monster first time, the scary atmosphere kind of vanishes because the monster itself isnt so scary. Tough the few jumpscares and ""ONE"" particular monster keeps scaring you, i was really disappointed of the ""Horror"" part oh this game. If we compare Amnesia: DD and MfP as horror games, it feels like MfP isnt horror game at all. I would more likely categorize it as agonizing game. Few things what makes it lose its Scary feeling is that you have lamb WITHOUT oil meter, Wich means you can use your lamb all the time without worrying that your oil will suddenly end. There is no need to hide in closet, because when you use your light and those ""monsters"" are getting close to you it starts to go on and off. When you are near monsters it flashes fast so you know that you need to turn your light off and just go littlebit backwards behind some boxes or barrels and wait until it walks past you.Tough the game itself doesnt seem to be so scary it has amazing story in it. At the beginning of the game you really cant get into it so well but if you keep following it and you listen all the conversations and read all the notes what you find you soon notice how depressing and oppressive it is, and how much the game offers you with its story. The story of this game is only reason why i would recomend this game for people. The horror part of this game seems to be so small that i would more likely keep it as nice extra for this story what you play. In my opinion Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is more one depressing and oppressive but still amazing story, wich have few puzzles and some jumpscares and horror scenes in it.Im gonna give thumbs up for this game only because of its story.For this game as a horror game im gonna give in my scale just 5/10. i really didnt  like it at all.. BUT! as walktrough of Story im gonna give it 8,8/10. I really enjoyed this game after i just forget the thing that it ""sould be"" horror game and just focused more the story. So in my opinion, If you are looking for nice Horror game this game get tumbs down. It really isnt worth of money.. But if you wanna game with story then Yes. I highly recommend it for you."
,Recommended,239200,8536258,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Young Steev,"The good -- The machine you descend into and explore is beautifully realised, as you watch huge mechanisms working away in the vast darkness around you it really drives home the sense of isolation and loneliness. Much like Dear Esther, the game is very linear but it allows the designers to craft a detailed world for the player to explore.- The sound design and music is probably A Machine for Pigs' best feature. The rumbling and groaning machine feels alive as you move through it, and little stings of music serve to build the atmosphere. The snippets of dialogue both found throughout the game and uttered by the main character as he explores are well acted and clearly depict a man who has lost his mind.- Machine for Pigs is not a fun or enjoyable experience, but it isn't meant to be. Thechineseroom have crafted a story that will make the player feel a range of emotions - as well as terror and revulsion, there are elements of empathy and even pity at certain points. While it ends rather abruptly the story gels with the sound design and creates an experience that, while not exactly fun, definitely stirs up something.The bad -- The game can be finished in less than 5 hours and there is no reason to play through it again. The ability to jump to certain chapters is redundant as its like picking up a book and starting several chapters in, stripping away the context that's needed for this game.- From the start of the game to its conclusion you are on a linear path. Even exterior locations are simply tunnels, skyboxes and events that render alternate paths closed off. There are a couple of simple puzzles throughout the game but nothing compared to the item gathering and riddle solving puzzles of The Dark Descent.- A lot of the fear in The Dark Descent came from showing you fleeting glimpses of the unknown and letting your mind fill in the gaps. While Machine for Pigs does this early on, it quickly reveals the unknown and tries to take a different angle on the horror. While it works in some ways, simple mechanics like managing your sanity levels and conserving your light, hallmarks of The Dark Descent and a great way to build terror in the player, are completely stripped out.Personal Highlights (contains spoilers) --Learning the true purpose of the machine. Although never explicitly stated, by putting the pieces together you will understand its true nature, and the revelation will sicken you...-The holding cells of the Pigmen is a unique experience. Walking through the halls and looking into the cells makes you realise these horrible monsters patrolling the machine are actually semi-intellingent, or at least sentient, and the conditions they live in, as well as the human element of their cells, conjures up a feeling of pity towards what was your main antagonist.-The ""escape"" scenario where the Pigmen are released on the streets of London to ravage and cause chaos is a personal highlight, not because it's good, but because its a great example of how to completely ruin and stop the story dead. Its the lowest part of the story and doesn't really serve anything to the plot.Summary -An unfortunate miss from thechineseroom. A Machine for Pigs isn't a terrible game, in fact in some areas it can come off as a more horrific and disturbing game than its predecessor. It gets under the skin and the story leave a lot to the player's imagination to drive the horror home. The machine itself feels colossal and largely unknown, and the music and sound design helps to immerse the player in this horrible world. Unfortunately the linear nature of the game makes it feel like a guided tour, and a sudden and abrupt ending jars with the slow buildup of the preceding few hours.Thechineseroom can craft a great story, and to that end they've succeeded, but for all their ambiguity, clever dialogue and creative vision, a game without mechanics, even simple puzzle solving, is not a game, its a tour of a 3D model put into context. A good horror game in its own right, but hardly deserving of the Amnesia name.5/10Context - 8Challenge - 2Catharsis - 4"
76561198072503284,Recommended,239200,10304244,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,gmOverMando,A nice gm if you can get it while it's on sale.  This game is more about creating a creepy atmosphere than combat.  I have just started to play through it and I like it.  It might not be everyone's cup of tea though.  Watch YouTube videos to find out more about this game.
,Recommended,239200,7104159,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,uh wot u got,It's pretty lit fam
,Recommended,239200,10780550,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Panda,"I personally love the game, and the creators did well, but could have improved.*Pros*- Mind blowing graphics- Unlimited lantern- Did a good job with building tension- Photos and little kids were creepy, especially ""Daaaaddyyyy""- Harry Potter is in the beginning of the game (maybe an easter egg?)- Frictional Games did a good job.*Cons*- Who is this new developer ♥♥♥♥ing this story up?- Unlimited lantern takes its toll, and it could have been more fun if we could have a challenge- Monsters were slow and not even that scary!- Really, the jumpscares get tiring after a while.- Ton of glitches with the chairs and dressers and stuff. I ended up breaking into all of them!- I had to make any cons, I thought it was gonna be incredible!All in all, not good, not bad."
76561198051127891,Recommended,239200,10889906,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Solenya,So scary
,Recommended,239200,11008601,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Montezuma the Mighty,"""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" is a pure horror experience. Not the trivial horror in which the player is always firing with a shotgun, but a deep and perverse psychological experience that dig into the player's darkest thoughts. This second chapter differs in many ways from ""The Dark Descent"": the sanity meter, the inventory and the oil/tinderboxes related difficulties have been removed, probably with the intent to create a more realistic atmosphere. A great limitation. This was not the best choice to me, since puzzles can't be satisfactorily complex and does not require much effort to be solved. Overall the gameplay result a little too linear but is compensated by a breathtaking atmosphere created by the story, the lovely and disturbing graphic, the dark sound environment and the superb music.""A Machine for Pigs"" is a very compact and well designed game, that have only one misfortune: be the successor of a perfect game. A lot of people didn't expect Amnesia to change it's way of being.I replayed this game 3 times now and I would definitely recommend it."
76561198042135464,Not Recommended,239200,10890269,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BARK,Don't do it.
,Recommended,239200,26260117,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,glycerine,"Not nearly as scary or as well made as Amnesia: The Dark Descent but a fun, unnerving game. Short and the monsters aren't particularily menacing. Still, it had a great atmosphere and was certainly enjoyable."
76561197969875942,Recommended,239200,26355404,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dvine,"Much less frightening than Amnesia: The Dark Descent and has no insanity mechanic, which makes it more of a walking simulator than an actual horror game.The dark industrial age Victorian atmosphere is done very well however, I did enjoy my time with this game.Then again I do like walking simulators as well, not just real scary horror games, it could have been so much better.Vid below of my first impression, not all that much happening, the game has a really slow buildup, and this video is mainly just that, so don't expect anything too spectacular.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5ycFpUDvck"
,Not Recommended,239200,10222172,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,INSANIAC,"The most impossibly boring game I've ever witnessed, I've played a little under 3 hours of this game in total and fallen asleep no less than four times in that time. Supposedly this is a ""Horror"" game yet in the almost 3 hours of gameplay there has been nothing in this game that comes close to what I'd consider ""scary"" or ""horrifying"", that added to the poor quality visuals, audio, excruiating slow pace and completely uninterresting story make for a game that's never worth purchasing.Unless you have trouble sleeping, this game could very well help you in that regard."
,Recommended,239200,4322719,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,ape,...oink oink... QUIIIIIIIIIIIICK!
,Recommended,239200,10999048,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dr. Spaceman,"As I descended deeper into the machine, it's as though I knew exactly what to do, where to go. Like I've been here before operating these controls."
,Not Recommended,239200,13243667,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Farah,Dont waste your money. This is a bad game. It is not that scary. The only scary thing is some oink oink from nowhere.
,Not Recommended,239200,7748613,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spoiler Alert,"I completed Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs in 2.9 hours, including restarts, pausing for breaks, and setting up my stream.This isn't a horror game nor is it a puzzle game. The extent of the 'puzzles' in Machine for Pigs is finding the correct lever and giving it a swift tug. There, puzzle complete. Unlike the previous Amnesia game you cannot pick up in game objects other than chairs in a few areas. The developers disabled the ability to pick up objects - very hastily I might add, as you can still knock things over with chairs and easily cause other ""nailed down"" props to glitch out. Throughout the game the ambience tries to be spooky but due to the limitations of the game there is no sense of danger. When you are confronted with the monsters you'll laugh or even stare with your eyes half-open at the pathetic excuse of a threat. They are slow and give you plenty of opportunity to run away, and its not very hard to just walk around them when they see you. The new 'lamp' in the game flickers to notify you when a monster is near, which might've worked in a game like FEAR when the atmosphere and the script were above average, but not in a poorly written, poorly built game like this. They took out the paranoia features that the first game had, as well as the tinderboxes and lamp oil. The player doesn't even have any health potions, or any item to retrieve for that matter, which means there's no reason to explore the map other than to look for scraps of paper with sappy dialogue. I expected this game to be an excellent addition to the Amnesia universe, but TheChineseRoom failed in every possible way to make this game worthy of its title. Might've been better if it was designed as a standalone game instead of being directly related to Amnesia. (Note: same universe sequel, not story continuing sequel. Barely any crossovers. Absolutely no reason to have Amnesia in the title.)I really hope TheChineseRoom learns from their mistakes with this game."
,Recommended,239200,28107782,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,xjosephx,"Lovers of this game should read - William Hope Hodgson's The House on The Borderland.This game is a different direction to the Dark Descent, and that's not a bad thing. Rather than the mortal terror of 'hide and survive', Frictional have taken to tell an extremely good weird fiction horror story with a cruuuuuushingly scary atmosphere in a more walking simulator with puzzles way.This game is a MUST for all horror gamers."
76561198004419232,Not Recommended,239200,13167739,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Happiness Officer,"You might like if:You loved the original Amnesia and want more, but do not mind a weaker plot and the loss of limited light sources or puzzles.The spiritual successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but not quite of the same calibre.I'm undecided about 'A Machine for Pigs' - It's certainly got the Amnesia style and it's a pleasing change to see it taken to a more 'Industrial Revolution' style setting, than attempt to recycle the original. The smart, yet empty, house and the networks of industrial machinery are unpleasantly eerie and set the tone nicely. Crackling radios, the creaking of valves in the distance and the solitary ring of an isolated telephone... certainly a well-crafted environment.The problem, however, is that a large portion of what made the original scary has been removed. The tinderboxes/lamp are replaced by a lantern with unlimited fuel. Whilst the new mechanicdoesget used to good effect on a few occasions - There's no longer any dread, no longer any fear and rationing. You don't lose sanity, so the darkness is more an inconvenience than a threat now. The only fear now is what you're likely to stumble upon, which isn't quite sufficient to carry the game on its own. Unnerving, yes - but lacks the same intensity and immediate danger.The puzzles / environment interactions have also been largely stripped from the game. Whilst I appreciate looking in your inventory and collecting items might detract from the plot: It wasn't an issue before, so seems odd to remove it now. You're left with a more linear path and just having to throw switches / carry objects from A to B.Truth be told, the main appeal seems to be the story... but that too, has taken a kicking. It feels reminiscent of those films where you're shouting ""don't open the door you idiot!"" You're being lured deeper into a nightmarish factory by a weird voice who keeps ringing your phone to go ""Hurry. You must come quick, it's your kids..."" and the schmuck of a protagonist going ""Sounds legit. Shall I come unarmed and unaccompanied?""It works as a horror, but not much as a thriller. It's still fun to play, but it lacks the same exciting tension as before."
,Not Recommended,239200,8608771,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,US National Gaming Team,"Short game! I put in around 5 hours and that was with exploration. The graphics are terrible and muddy. Aesthetically, it is horrible. Interaction is very low, especially when you compare it to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The monsters are not frightening at all. In fact, once I got a good look at them, I burst out laughing. The only time I was scared while playing was the beginning when I was in the mindset that it would be like AtDD. The story itself was a mess and predictable. Don't waste your time on this game and taint your memory of the Dark Descent."
,Recommended,239200,14507035,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Retribution925,"This game does a good job at capturing the horror aspect.  I don't think it's as popular as the first amnesia game, but I feel that this game deserves credit.  It's scary, off putting by means of storyline content, which drives morbid curiosity to press on and uncover what lies beneath."
,Recommended,239200,10416857,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,TrumpKingsly,"Play this game.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is an enthralling work of fiction about a wealthy man coming to grips with his own evil right before the turn of the 20th century.This work's position as a video game makes consideration of gameplay an unfortunate factor in its appraisal. You really don't do much in the way of normal gaming during your experience with Pigs. However, you will find yourself engaged by what you might call narrative/ambient puzzle solving. You aren't asked to find a clever way around a locked door, or trick enemies into sucide, or rearrange parts of a painting to reveal a secret message. Instead, the intellectual satisfaction you'll find in Pigs comes from examining the game's environment and reading cryptic journal entries to understand this narrative's disturbing truths. That is, running through the game without paying enough attention and without thinking critically enough will result in failure--you will have missed the game's point. It's in careful methodic analysis of the narrative elements that you win and experience the pleasure of the game's reward--deep fear and revulsion about your character's tale and even what the story says about the nature of our own lives.I believe this game's only material shortcoming is technical--it is deceptively resource intensive, despite its lack of visual sophistication. It's not particularly pretty (Outlast, however, is particularly pretty), but slowdown is frequent nonetheless. Routinely, the frame rate would dip on my pc, from around 60fps to something closer to 30fps. I'm not sure if this is the result of visual tricks that I simply didn't appreciate enough to notice, or if it's because of less-than-optimized code. Vision blur never triggered the slowdown. Slowdown occurred most often in the large, more decorated rooms of Mandus's mansion, and in some of the larger chambers below.Play this game, though. Its terror doesn't come from visceral, instinctual tension as it does through Dead Space and Outlast. Instead, it disturbs the conscious mind only after reflection and understanding of the story's premise. You won't spend your time with Pigs with white knuckles and a tight stomach. Instead, you will spend days afterward dwelling on dread and the loathing you were meant to feel through Mandus as he rediscovered his own past."
76561197983196977,Not Recommended,239200,8201472,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Authority,"After playing Amnesia: the Dark Descent I came into this game thinking I would be in for an experience that would terrify and fascinate me just as much as the first. Tragically this was not the case, it creates cardinal sin of video games of being BORING. The game play is so severly dumbed down. There is no more exploration, no more sanity, no more lamp fuel, the enemies are just basically path blocking obstacles instead of actual threats. There a near non-existant level of immersion to be found.The only redeeming feature aside from the above average story, is if you have NOT played the first Amnesia or any scary games in general then this game would be a solid start.I judge games by 1 dollar per hour of entertainment, with exceptions to be had for higher quality works. This game has a play time of 4-5 hours, and I would say that is an appropriate price to pay as well for those who are still interested in purchasing the game."
,Recommended,239200,11958051,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,DarkOrbs,"Lets Start with the Pros:-Amazing Soundtrack;-Good use of brightness to create a good atmosphere to the game;-Great voice acting;-Somewhat scary;-Strong storyline;Cons:-Much less mobility for the player (you are not allowed to grab almost nothing or explore);-The storyline can get a bit confusing;-Game is more story based than the 1st one (no sanity, inventory and tinderboxes);-Enemy have a very poor AI (you can just charge and pass right by them without a scratch);So in the end it still has more pros than cons, but if you are a fan of the 1st one I sincerely don`t recomend it at all, if you are just looking for an imersive game to pass the time give it a try."
76561198168402118,Recommended,239200,26731569,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AndyHiggo,"This is a true masterpiece, and a revelation for the Survival Horror genre. I had played the game's predecessor, and completed it years ago, and it was the first truly good horror game I had played, in-fact it had set the bar for any future experiences with the horror gaming genre. I first heard about the game a few months before it's initial release and had brought it soon after it came out for Mac, however it wasn't until a long time later that I began to play the game.I recently started playing this and I wasn't too sure about how it would be, as overall the reactions from people who had played the predecessor were generally negative. Nonetheless, I started this game and noticed a lot of differences straight away. First of all, I noted that the graphics were a fair part better than the graphics in 'The Dark Descent'. Secondly, I realised that, unlike in Amnesia:The Dark Descent, you cannot move objects around anywhere near as much in this game. In-fact only a few objects, such as chairs, can be moved around in this game. As I walked around, I noted the suprisingly good level of attention to detail in the level design and I began gathering all the notes I could find, as I did in the previous game. The grammar, of course, was perfect, something that a suprisingly large amount of games miss out on.As I walked around the first area in the game, upon entering various rooms, I had recieved telling flashbacks from the mind of Oswald Mandus, the character you play as. From the start of the game, I knew that Oswald had two twin boys, Edwin and Enoch, aswell as a wife that died giving birth to the latter twin. I progressed through the first part of the game fairly quickly and witnessed the story unravel as I played through. Please note that a good portion of the story is revealed in notes and other found documents, it is important to read a few of these notes as they can help in puzzles and often give interesting information to the backstory of the game's characters. The story to Amnesia:The Dark Descent was, in my opinion, absoloutely brilliant. As I played through the first portion of the game, I still kept my opinion of the predecessor's story being far better, however as I got closer and closer toward the end, I found myself preferring the story of A Machine for Pigs.Now, of course, this isn't just a game for the story. This is a horror game. I thoroughly enjoyed the scares of The Dark Descent, not at the time of course, but I did find the scare sequences in this game somewhat lacking. The AI of the Manpigs is still lacking, but is a definite improvement from the enemies of The Dark Descent. To give a balanced review of the scares, let's look at what makes monsters in games scary. First of all, the appearence. The Manpigs are not scary based on appearence alone, I mean don't get me wrong, if one was chasing me in real life I would be absoloutely terrified, but in a horror game, especially the sequel to such an amazing horror, they were definitely lacking in scare-factor. Secondly, the buildup. The buildup tells a different story, apart from one or two encounters, the buildup was equally as great as The Dark Descent. Overall, however, The Dark Descent was definitely more scary. There are definitely a few encounters, and not just with the Manpigs, that were incredibly tense. How tense, you ask? Remember the first time you saw the Water Lurker in The Dark Descent? THAT tense.Overall, the story in this game is absoloutely amazing and, based on story alone, I would give this game a solid 9/10. This is a horror game, and the scares were definitely lacking overall, but some encounters were extremely tense and I could feel my heart race afterwards. On the scare-factor alone, I would rate this game 7.8/10. Other than those two aspects, you have to bear in mind the puzzles, the graphics and the atmosphere. Firstly, the puzzles in this game are definitely easier than in The Dark Descent, but are still good. I would rate the puzzle factor 6.5/10. The graphics, for the year it was made, are not brilliant. But this is no Elder Scrolls game, and so long as the graphics are good enough to get immersed, then that is all that is necessary. For the graphics alone, bearing in mind what I just said, I would give it an 8/10. The atmosphere in this game was a lot better than I expected it to be, the soundtrack was fantasic, the attention to detail in the level design was brilliant and the other aspects, such as lighting was awesome. In fact, I would go as far to say that the atmosphere in this game was better than the one in The Dark Descent, which was not far from perfection itself. For atmosphere, I would rate this game a 9.2/10. So using maths to figure out the score average...Ladies and gentlemen, this masterpiece of a game scores a well deserved:8.1With great atmosphere, good puzzles, amazing story, and some extremely tense monster encounters, this is a true masterpiece.If you liked Amnesia:The Dark Descent, or any horror game in general, then I highly recommend that you order this game."
76561198108172297,Recommended,239200,9894604,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Lord Whipple,I would totally recommend this game. I honestly thought it was better than the first.
,Recommended,239200,10098654,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Labrat,Best chair simulator ever. GG. 10 points.
76561197978525724,Recommended,239200,8525455,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tom Bombadil,"The story and the scares aren't as good as those found in Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but is still worth a playthrough."
76561198104337565,Recommended,239200,8824306,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,bs199sg,"Very good game, excellent story. The only thing I disliked was the lack of true scare factors. I played Amnesia: TDD, and I could not play for more than 15 mins. I played AMFP and finished within 7 hrs straight. The story was a bit confusing, so you might have to consult Wikipedia for further information. It has very good graphics and when there are scares, it sends a chill down your spine. The atmosphere gets 10/10.  Story is 7/10 for its complex story. Id rate it 7.5/10 for the game in total.Also the ending is confusing."
,Recommended,239200,8610842,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kaviar!,I HATE AMNESIA! GO BUY IT NOW!
76561197975825730,Recommended,239200,8638528,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,chully_uk,"Amneisa: A Machine for Pigs was overall a very different game to the former title ""Amnesia: The Dark Decent"". However in my opion this did not make it any less of a fantastic game, but the concept and the way the game played was very different to the first one. While the first game involved a lot of puzzles and hiding from monsters A Machine for Pigs features very little of either of these events. In fact the game features very little gameplay at all and instead becomes very cinematic and story focused with a large emphasis on finding and reading notes and audio recordings. This may sound boring, however I found this game to have a better storyline and the way it way told was also better in my opinion, but I won't speak of the details to avoid potential spoilers. The sountrack for the game is very good and immersive, but it tends to aid in the feel and mood of the game and helps tell the story unlike The Dark Decent where it often makes the atmosphere seem more tense and spooky. The visuals in this game a very much the same as The Dark Decent, however I felt that it looked slightly better in High Definition than The Dark Decent did but this may just be me and not actually a truth. It is also about the same length as The Dark Decent although may possibly be shorter for some players (5-6 hours). But for the price I feel that this game is well worth playing if you enjoyed The Dark Decent or story driven games, or maybe simply horror fans. 79/100"
76561198090519816,Recommended,239200,8978343,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Leopold Elridge Obelix,"A great game. What once started as a small idea grew into something unique and inspiring. This Amnesia was even better than the first, the ending is what absolutly sold it. Bravo, 9.5 out of 10, and only losing .5 since you could not interact with every small thing in the environment."
76561198009258840,Recommended,239200,13967061,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Howey Roll,After finishing MFP I started on TDD a few months later. I feel prompted to write this after seeing lots of negative reviews for this game. MFP was a great game but was over shadowed a bit by TDD. MFP was more liniar and relied more on atmosphere to deliver scares than TDD which was more brutal and disturbing. There is no insanity or inventory to manage in MFP which makes the game much more focused on the story and atmosphere. I don't understand the rampant hatred for MFP. It was a good game. Not quite as good as TDD but absolutely worth playing. I think fans of TDD came into MFP expecting something more like TDD and were dissapointed when it didn't deliver the same kind of scares. For those of you who did just shut up and play the damn game. Don't compare it to TDD. I would recommend MFP but remember that its going to be a little different so take the game at face value and don't try to compare it to TDD.
76561198012362067,Recommended,239200,8539917,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chris W.,"The game has more downs than ups. It is a different game to the first, Dark Descent and I find that in comparasion it doesnt match up. IMO, the amount of jump-scares has been reduced, it feels rushed, the puzzles are a no-brainer and the plot is just bad. However I do like the OST. A good try if you have not played Dark Descent, otherwise dont expect more from the it."
76561198120403013,Recommended,239200,8548640,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Vikenti Awaits,"I played Amnesia: The Dark Descent before this. That may not be obvious, since I got the retail version instead of the steam version. Hopefully, the high expectations that I had for Machine for Pigs coming off of The Dark Descent did not hurt my experience, though it will definitely affect this review.I'll be blunt here, I was disappointed to see that the threat of the darkness was gone. I mean, the lantern flickering effect is nice, but without the sanity dropping in the dark, and without the threat of running out of oil, it felt like a big piece of what made the original Amnesia so great was lost. The little parts where your eyes adjust to the darkness was so helpful to navigation, but it was lost here. The lack of an inventory was also dissapointing. But the lack of the sanity meter was the worst part.However, the game was still well worth the money. The music was excellent. In fact, it outmatched the original. The enemies were terrifying, but usually not annoying to escape from. (looking at you Kaernk). I still felt very much immersed in yet another dark storyline, though it felt like one of the big twists was made known too early. The connection between the two main characters helped add weight the story, just as it did during the first game. And the dark efforts of the characters towards their goal was just as chilling as the original Amnesia. Stepping into the outdoors was also a major plus for this game.All in all, was it as good as the original? No. Too many of the mechanics that made the original great were removed. It felt stripped-down, sort of.  No sanity bar. No tinderbox conservation. No inventory. No lantern oil.But do I still recommend it as an excellent horror game? Yes. It stil has the immersion and the horror that made the original great."
76561198119278670,Recommended,239200,8581432,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Mike bot,"Amnesia, a title we all know that strikes us with fear has returned.  Amnesia a machine for pigs is a scary game but fans of the origional amnesia will see that it is not as scary as the origional.  It has gotten rid of many of the origionals components, like the sanity meter, and your lantern know longer requires constant oil supply.  During your time with this game you will be doing alot more puzzle solving, but none of them take long or make you thing ""haha I did it!"" A machine for pigs the enemy is obviously a pig but it is a mechanically enhanced pig that probably wont scare you if you have played the origional.  Michael brown gives this game an 8 out of 10."
76561198099263166,Recommended,239200,8585654,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Some Random Plebeian,Scariest game evr played :D
,Recommended,239200,8608783,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,GloomyGhoul,"More Lovecraftian than haunted house, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs suffers greatly for being so directly tied to its precursor. Those looking for an experience similar to the Dark Descent will undoubtedly be disappointed. However, beneath the sheep's clothing, there lies a disturbing tale that sums up a century worth of suffering. I recommend Outlast or an alternative horror game for the scares, but I recommend Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs for its narrative morbidity."
76561197962911185,Recommended,239200,8612173,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Just Fucking Covered In Bees!,"I was playing one of the early areas in this game sneaking around in the dark when I got a wild hair and checked to see if there were any unstoppable pig horrors behind me. There were!A+, would buy again."
76561197960555319,Recommended,239200,8640513,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Chex[G],"Awesome story! I don't know why there are so many hateful comments about this game. I bought this game hoping for an awesome story, awesome graphics, awesome environments, feeling scared, and also feeling like I'm going to do something amazing against pure evil. And I have received just that with this game. If you you want cheap jump scares every 2 seconds go play slenderman or something.. This game is for people who want a kick♥♥♥♥♥story. I recommend it fully!"
76561198067500833,Recommended,239200,8833146,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Murdoc,Awsome game if you want to be so scared you poop yourself
,Recommended,239200,9075263,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Red,"Have you ever♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself and been so mortified that you didn't care? Have you ever cried so hard that your fallopian tubes tingled? If you answered yes to either of those questions, you know what its like to play this game. RATING: 0.08/0.12"
,Recommended,239200,8608652,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Camping so hard call the police.,"I'd still recommend this game for anyone who wants to seek a challenge (puzzle wise) but if you want to be scared, buy outlast or Amnesia the Dark Decent. The dark decent was much better than this game. I can't wait for the next amnesia and I hope that it will compare to The dark Descent ;)"
,Recommended,239200,8610305,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,(nrb)jrod,"First of all, i never played Amnesia: The Dark Descent, so i will not be comparing the two. However, i did played The Chinese Room's previous game, Dear Ester, and thought it was pretty good. Now, A Machine for Pigs really isn't that scary. I played basically the entire campaign with headphones on and the lights off to amplify the horror, and honestly, there were only a few times it really scared me. But, that is not the main reason to play this game. A lot of people would say to play this game for the story, and while the story is good, it is pretty hard to follow at points. Important notes and journal entries are written in what seems like old english and at times can be hard to understand, but the basics are always there and you will pretty much have an idea what is going on as you make your way through the factory. The main reason i recommend this game is the atmosphere. It is a dark and dreary victorian-esq setting which works perfectly while traversing with solely an oil lamp. the mansion is looming and the factory is durty and desperate. The Chinese Room knows how important atmosphere can be in games like these and they really outdid themselves. Secondly, the level design is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. There is so much potential to get lost in games like these, with dark corners and hallways everywhere. But somehow no matter how much i strayed and thought i turned myself around, i never did. The hallways are all connected geniously and bring you back where you need to be to further the story when you decide you want to go off the beaten path for a bit. Its crazy how well this is done and it makes the ""dungeon crawling"" a delight rather than a frustration.Overall, the game isnt that scary, but the story, atmosphere, and overall design make it a worthwile purchase."
,Recommended,239200,8613458,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Thechuz,"Whilst it isn't as scary as the original Amnesia, nor as long; I found the story and setting much more immersive. Certainly worth £10."
,Recommended,239200,8615966,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,FirmOrange,"this game is fantastic, kind of short due to lack of puzzles but definately worth the asking price."
,Recommended,239200,9119686,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kenvdsar,"Scary game, Amnesia : The Dark Descent was better, but if u played The Dark Descent u HAVE to play this one!!"
,Recommended,239200,9296281,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,six,"""We are the pig, Professor. We are all the pig."""
76561198054007117,Recommended,239200,5680556,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Redvolver,"If you are a fan of The Dark Descend be ready to be disappointed by A Machine For Pigs. Much of previous game mechanics has been taken off in order to increse focus on the plot. Buy it only if you like nice storyes and atmosphere, if you look for a real horror story look somewhere else."
,Recommended,239200,7918378,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,D00MYNAT0R,"Very easy compared to the first one, but still worth it!"
76561198024785956,Not Recommended,239200,8611118,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Yeejk3,"The thing with this game was, The chinese room develop this game. They where very kown for creating amazing atmosfear and story telling to there games,Like Dear Esther for example. So Machine for pigs drove more that way, rather then the real horror and interaction that Frictional games had in the Dark Decent.So many fans that finished the game where disappointed cus of it. If this would have been an stand alone game, no one would have really complained. But cus it was ""Amnesia"" as the title they expected more of it."
,Recommended,239200,8261356,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[RoM] Kosmonawt,This is made by the same guys as Amesia: The dark decent. Its even more scary than the last one
,Recommended,239200,7775440,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,The Spiciest of Bois,"Most people didn't like this game because it was different from the first. If you can just take this game for what it is then it is one of the most amzing, grim, depressing, and scary horror games you will ever play."
,Recommended,239200,5141629,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Dannyboy92551,"Welllll, I dont know, some people didnt like this game, but I liked it, it definately scared me..."
,Recommended,239200,7922868,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Pekay,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game from beginning to end!If you enjoyed Dear Esther then you will likely enjoy Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. This is a first person interactive novel/film experience. There are no guns or weapons or inventory system and, honestly, this ""experience"" doesn't need such features (""experience"" seems a better description than ""game"").  The developers have thought outside the box and created a brilliant work of entertainment that doesn't need to conform to the norms.  You'll have a thoroughly enjoyable (and sometimes disturbing) adventure.This really shouldn't be thought of as ""Amnesia 2"".  You should probably look elsewhere if you want an Amnesia sequel.  This is more like a ""mod"" of Amnesia to create a different type of product.The graphics, sound and environment are immersive. Set your gamma low and turn your sound up and get ready to be swept away in the adventure.  It's not super scary but it's certainly enough to bring a smile and chuckle after a fright scene.The gore and blood is relatively tame but (personally) I wouldn't recommend this one for children or people of a sensitive disposition (although ""scariness"" is a subjective thing).A very worthy successor to Dear Esther.  The Chinese Room have done it again.  A royal shame that their next game ""Everybody's Gone to the Rapture"" will be exclusively Sony PS4.An excellent game if you've adjusted your expectations:- not horror, but it is tense- not a traditional FPS game, but it is thoroughly entertainingEDIT: Still fun to replay many months later."
76561198020126141,Recommended,239200,3283439,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Dorian d. Ü.,"If you prefer ""the phantom menace"" over ""the empire strikes back"", or if you just like going through a game without actually doing anything, this probably is the game for you.It wouldn't hurt me so much if it wasn't the successor of the greatest horror game I know."
,Recommended,239200,13884849,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Wintermute,"""we wonder, - and some hunter may expresswonder like ours, when thro' the wildernesswhere London stood, holding the wolf in chace,he meets some fragment huge, and stops to guesswhat powerful but unrecorded raceonce dwelt in that annihilated place."""
,Recommended,239200,14207095,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sianne fam,"Brilliant story and soundtrack. Much like the first, with a larger focus on the overall feel and mood. It tells a chilling story which will keep you entranced long after completion. I would recommend, 100% (and I don't even play scary games often!)."
76561198055689944,Recommended,239200,13562428,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,JestJester,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a game unlike it's predecessor. The fear and anxiety caused by The Dark Descent is replaced by an unlimitted supply of light and mental clarity. The game itself often feels more laid back and common place. It relies on atmospheric horror rather than a genuine threat to your so called digital life. While The Dark Descent left me shreiking this game only gives me a subtle jump on the rarest of occasions. This is mostly due to my own mental anticipation which proves to be wasted effort in and of itself. In spite of this, I cannot seem to put down the game. It's redeeming feature lies in the fact that it is truly ""A Machine for Pigs"". The atmospheric story telling keeps me navigating each passage and slowly bringing the factory to life. As I chase after apparitions it leads me to question my own humanity. In fact, the beasts in this game are strangley human compared to the character I find myself trapped in. Am I really human or am I just trapped in a machine for pigs?"
,Recommended,239200,13484960,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LemaNeed™,"I've played trough the storyline and really loved it. I could not get the exact ""Amnesia-feeling"" like I did with the last one, but I don't complain. The game was full of puzzels that made it challenging and the jumpscares alot beter. Sad though it didn't last longer of what it did. It took me almost 4 hours to complete it. Good start with a great tutorial and a story I got right intoSummary+ Good storyline+ Good controls+ Jumpscares+ Challenging puzzle- Short"
,Recommended,239200,13978711,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Selarah,"I really enjoyed MFP. Different than TDD in many ways but I still think they did a great job. Like TDD, they did perfect creating that creepy atmosphere through the sound effects, music and environment.. still a psychologically thrilling horror, imo it really is good in this department. Of course like any horror game, I think it helps when you play this when its dark outside with the lights out and a pair of good headphones with fully trying to immerse yourself into the story.  I would say its not near as scary as TDD but it had its few moments, at least for me it did. You no longer have an inventory, nor does your lantern need to be refilled, neither do you go insane in this one, elements I did kind of miss at the beginning, but got used to it pretty quickly. I also think I enjoyed this story a tad bit more than TDD. Anyway, I think its worth the purchase and play through.  7.8/10"
76561198048132734,Recommended,239200,35294312,Posted: 29 September,all,Xaturnine,interesting story and settingpigs are scary :'(
76561198036156656,Recommended,239200,7294282,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,eys,I recommend this game.
76561198051287119,Not Recommended,239200,10898405,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CAPTAIN ALEX,this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,239200,97792,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,SajBear,Did you enjoy Amnesia: The Dark Decent? Then this is up your alley too! ^^
76561198033588941,Recommended,239200,12119886,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MajorRichardSharpe,"Let me say in the beginning: ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" sure is a nice horror game, but mostly if you never played or saw the previous ""part"" The Dark Descent.You play Oswald Mandus, the owner of an industrialised slaughterhouse in 1899.While you proceed through the game, it already starts with the name of the game and continues with multiple bits of information, that you constantly think ""What the actual ♥♥♥♥ is/was going on here"". I liked that most in the game, same as in The Dark Descent. From the beginning to almost the last minute, you add pieces of information to finally understand what kind of **** is going on here.On the other hand, after completing ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" multiple times, I was really disappointed in the horror-atmosphere, which was the strongest part in Amnesia, compared to other games of the genre. The Dark Descent was so strong, because it used a few simple mechanisms of fear. Most important, you almost never saw what was called ""enemy"". In TDD you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants because you have no freaking idea whats behind you, what it can do with you, how close it is to you, and how long you need to run until you get rid of it.Now, A Machine for Pigs and also, in my opinion, Outlast (I don't say it's a bad game, not at all) lack that kind of atmosphere since you know a lot about your pursuers. For me, the enemies in AMFP were neither scary nor did they chase me in a horrifying or atmospheric way, simply, if you know WHAT is chasing you, it loses way too much of its horror. The loss of atmosphere is in my opinion the biggest contra compared to TDD.Too long, didn't read/All in all:I recommend this game. The story is pretty cool for the genre, the music and sounds create a good atmosphere, but answer the following questions before you buy it.1) Have you played The Dark Descent before and want to play the next part? Buy it.2) Have you played The Dark Descent before and hope for an even better experience? You will not find it here in my opinion.3) Have you never played or watched a Let's play of The Dark Descent before and do you look for a good horror game?Start with The Dark Descent. Then go back to 1 and 2."
,Recommended,239200,8991560,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,cybertherapod,"I very much recommend this game.  Don't go into it expecting it to be exactly like the first Amnesia, though.  This game is a bit more story-focused than the original and not quite as terrifying.  But that's not bad; the story is pretty good and it does a good job of keeping you paranoid through the game.  Buy it and play it.  In the dark with headphones."
,Recommended,239200,8823961,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kaiuss,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a horror game for fans of the Silent Hill series or anything that deals with Lovecraftian like stories. A big focus on story and setting which can be both great and dissappointing since most of the time you""ll love the creepy sounds and ""what ifs"" around the corner and some of the times you will wish an enemy would just show up to at least spice things up a bit. When they do come it's always greeted with open limbs but those moments are few and far between. Overall this game deserves a playthough from any fan of the horror genre.Pros:- Extremely well crafted atmosphere with a great art style- Unnerving and surreal setting on par with early Silent Hill games- Disturbing music and unsettling sound effects that makes up for the lack of enemy encounters- Great disturbing story with impressive voice acting through out-PigsCons:- Very short which can be a turn off for fans of lengthy horror games- Less about survival like The Dark Descent and more about soaking up the disturbing story and setting- Last hour drags on for a bit which can leave you wanting it be over- Pigs"
,Recommended,239200,9746845,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,s l   m e,THE SPOOKY CAME BACK TO SPOOK ME AGAIN.
,Recommended,239200,12612304,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,maaginenmaggo,very funny game about angry pigs hehe
,Not Recommended,239200,12932259,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,GAWMan,Don't be fooled by the name. This game is nothing like Amnesia: TDD. The puzzle-solving sucks (way too easy) and the gameplay is incredibly linear and short (4 hours playthrough). A few good jump scares and audio cues are not enough to justify buying this game.
,Not Recommended,239200,28562947,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Carmendar,"While it does have some occasional spooks, this game is NOTHING compared to the original game. Absolutely terrible gameplay. It's just walking around until the game is over. Would NOT recommend.Edit: the 6 hours that I have on this game is from me beating the game THREE TIMES."
,Not Recommended,239200,9597834,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,tate,"Nice story, very short game overall and doesn't have same atmosphere than first one. Few jumpscares, story takes ~3 hours. Wait for sale, I wish it would've been more."
,Recommended,239200,33990069,Posted: 3 August,all,CORAL,"Budget AmnesiaIt has the Amnesia name but was not created by the original developers of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and the Penumbra Series aka, ""Frictional Games"".It was instead created by ""The Chinese Room"" which are known for making atmospheric/ environmental games rather than feature heavy ones. As a result the game looks just like Amnesia since it uses the same engine and most of the assets from the previous game.Almost all the features from the original game have been taken out for some reason like the Inventory, Searching/ collecting Items, the health system and most important the Insanity system. You can still open draws which have nothing of use in them except a few notes here and there.The game is scary to begin with and the first few encounters with the monster did make me jump or freak out but after that it doesn't feel like they are trying to surprise you anymore and the next encounters just don't feel as scary at all, there is no unexpected moments to spooky squealing sounds, The water monster does make a small appearance which is nice to see.Throughout the whole game I had no idea what the story was meant to be except that you are looking for your kids and trying to restart the ""machine"". Towards the end there is a reveal that makes the whole experience make sense, though their reasoning for their actions seem a little redundant.Overall a pretty average Amnesia experience, wasn’t bad but wasn’t amazing.Campaign is only about 3 hours long, though I guess if you take your time and hide a lot then it could be as long as 4 hours. Pretty short but that's not a bad thing for this game.6.1/10- The definition of an Average horror experience"
,Recommended,239200,12014681,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Gamer,"This game has amazing atmosphere, dialogue, and a really good story-line. I really loved the environments that I went through on this game! The music on this game will give you the feels or the feeling of sadness and all is lost. I also love how on this game your lantern never dies (unlike the Dark Descent xD). Finally, all I have to say is this,""Piggys! Piggys are everywhere!"""
,Recommended,239200,32687542,Posted: 23 June,all,«ÅÐ|\/|￬ℕ»white ʂkag,"A little short, but a good story. Good horror game."
,Not Recommended,239200,1174287,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,The Nome King,"Please for the love of god don't buy this game if you're expecting somthing like Dark Decent. Everything that made the dark decent amazing has been cut out and replaced with; and i'm going to put this bluntly as possible...Arty farty, crappy gameplay, flickery ""oh here's the enemy"", adorable creatures, terrible and fragmented story, poetic nonsence""if you liked ""dear Ester"" then you'll probably love this, but if you're expecting somthing scary and that actually resembles a ""horror game"", then save yourself some cash and use it to buy somthing else!"
,Recommended,239200,877731,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,MoonMan,A wonderful follow-up to the original. Definitely made me jump here and there and kept me on the edge of my seat. The story and the moral at the end is worth checking out. Would play again
76561198062358574,Recommended,239200,34384797,Posted: 20 August,all,Lavinathael,"This game was pretty good. However, it is not nearly as creepy as Amnesia: The Dark Descent."
76561198059517024,Recommended,239200,31151144,Posted: 15 April,all,Česká Hrozba,"story-you wake up in a house at the end of 19. century and (surprise) you have an amnesia.your characters name is Oswald Mandus,who's trying to find his two childern.later in the game you come across a telephone,where somebody tells you to descend into underground and start a machine.as plot goes its pretty good,even with the few nonsenses in a story.the begining is very reminiscent of the original,but has a twist that (lets be honest) you will see comin miles away and another twist that was actually pretty good.(aside a house) whole game takes place in industrial complex and (in my opinion) setting is better than in the original.it feels more atmospheric and eeriegameplay-and this is where new amnesia's problem lies.the whole game is made by the guys,who made Dear Esther,so its just understandible that they make it like Dear Esther.In theory its not a bad idea i mean one of the best things in the original  was the story and flashbacks,so that means its going to be perfect match,right?Well,yeah it kinda does,but what was also great in the original were the puzzles and here they tried to squeeze in some puzzles,but most of the are just either click that or put thing into thing and it doesnt help the fact that you dont have an inventory,so your just using your hands (or telekinesis since you dont see his hands,so your probably also a ghost) and its kinda akward,but that is not the game's intention.you can finish the game in 2 hours,which is short as hell,but for the type of game developers  are trying to make its understandible.there are also monster encounters here and there and......with mutated pigs.....ehm.........Yeah,this game s enemies arent exactly frightening,but they are not laughable either.Its easy to avoid them so.......By the way this game gets kinda silly,kinda frightening and kinda weird at the same time at the end.Audio/visuals-Visually game looks like an updated version of the original.it still looks pretty though (for an indie developer) .where the game shines the most is the soundtrack.It s incredible,seriously,person who made the soundtrack deserve some big prize.The soundtrack not only matches the period of time the game is set in,but also is just so beautifull.It can be eerie,it can be subtle,it can be tender,it can be menacing.I highly reccomend to listen the whole soundtrack,its greatscare factor - id like to praise the game for its subtle aproach and let most of scary stuff be delivered by its story. (well that and lots and lots of crumbling sounds)pros+atmosphere+setting+story+amazing soundtrack+good visuals+subtle aproachcons-few nosenses in a story-the game length-absence of puzzles that chalenges you mindverdict-for what it is,its pretty good.its a walking simulator with good story,great soundtrack and atmosphere.Sure the game is short ,bit overpriced and doesnt have much puzzles,but for a walking simulator game made by a studio,who is known for these kinds of games,I am surprised that it turned out the way it did and...................its better than first amnesia (for me atleast).If your not into these kinds of games and you want to try it,wait till the price drops and if youre into those games you'll probably like it8/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,9931793,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Positive Moods,"I find this game rather boring than scary, The original Amnesia was much, much better then this game. I just can not reccomend this game to any amnesia fan, yes it could be it's own game,  but as an Amnesia title it sucked alot."
76561197970145417,Not Recommended,239200,9042027,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,neur0crash,"""The darkest, most horrific tale ever told in a videogame."" - no, not even close.Dull, linear, lacking in horror, suspense, tension, or scares, and generally disappointing.  It seems the more effort that is put into in-game notes, voice work, and a supposedly deep story, the worse the game is.  Dear game developers of the world: please stop trying to be authors or filmmakers, and focus on making good games.  I've played all of the Penumbra series, Amnesia, and titles from other developers such as Slender: The Arrival, and Outlast.  A Machine for Pigs was a disappointment in comparison to any of these.  The game mechanics were stripped down to nothing in this title, losing inventory, resources, sanity, light, health of any kind, etc.  What should have been stripped out instead was the ""story""."
,Not Recommended,239200,9903414,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Wretneck,"a major step-down as a sequel to one of the most anticipated Horror Games of it's time. It requires too much rendering for it's average graphics, the whole thing plays like a train (meaning that it's linear), the scares are all scripted jump scares, and it takes no less than 3 hours to complete... also everything that was scary and fun about the Dark Descent is not in this one- there's no collecting notes, no solving puzzles- reducing it's play factor, exploration is a no choice, and everything, every object is tact down- which meant no Stephanos or Tiny Box Tims (and for those who get those references, I can say this game made me miss those)I also must mention how it's storyline plays out like a waterdowned Bioshock, plot twist and all. And the only thing this game has to relate to the first game is that it lazily throws in references from the Dark Descent; and it all feels so cheapSo without real gameplay, without the genuine thrill of being scared, all for the sake of making a cheap interactive horror movie that can't really play. And even with the arguement that this is better than most other horrors, I never play a horror game that I know is going to fail; because why spend money on something you know doesn't deliver.Honestly, I have had Minecraft gameplay that's scared me more than this whole gameFans of Horror, avoid this one and just buy the first one (it also has mods and a well made mini-horror)!!"
76561198038085250,Recommended,239200,8918321,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sparksie,"It starts off well, but having finished it I feel obliged to point out the lack of danger that was present in the previous Amnesia game. It barely has any character involvement at all. The environment and music are beautiful as they are in Dear Esther, and that makese sense. It's the same developers and the same composer, respectively. The story is also very well written but you won't be able to appreciate it unless you can find the majority of the notes. And that's the only real thing to actually DO in it, besides the occasional simple, boring puzzle and avoiding the occasional pigman who will only spawn at scripted moments and will usually follow a set path, moving around stacks of crates or through hallways. It's only a matter of timing to avoid them. There is no survival elements either, further negating the actual danger in the game and making for poor payoff for the well-designed atmopshere. If this game had all the good elements in it's own right, the story, music, atmosphere and level design as well certain aspects of the first game such as the unpredictable enemies, survival mechanics and intillectually stimulating puzzles I would have appreciated it much more. My verdict 6/10."
,Not Recommended,239200,34722554,Posted: 3 September,all,Book Hors,"""Wait, What? I thought this was supposed to be an amnesia game!"" Was my first real critic-like thought when hopping into this game. This game looses alot of Amnesia: The Dark Decent's Charm by: Not letting you pick up most objects. Not letting you open many Drawers and chests and doors and closets. And the monsters are strangely stupid and almost not a threat at all. Also, The Level design is really lazy and the sound effects are laughable at. Other than that, it runs on the same engine as A:TDD, yet leaves out alot of what made it Amnesia. This game isnt an Amnesia game. No matter the title. Although, being a game by itself, without A:TDD to compare it to, this isnt all that bad of a game. Honestly, They could have done a much better job on this game if they really wanted the Amnesia Title to be relevent. I would not play this game again (still havent beat it) like i played A:TDD 7 times. Looking for a good Amnesia Game? Play The Dark Decent. I only Reccomend this game to people who want to play something different from Amnesia. I wish i could rate this 50/50, but from my piont of veiw, i would not reccomend playing this if you love The Dark Decent or You are looking for an Amnesia Game to start playing."
,Not Recommended,239200,30401011,Posted: 8 March,all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"Amnesia: A Machine for pigs a loosely based sequal to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Most of the vital gameplay elements found in Dark Descent were completely removed in Machine, such as tinderbox collection, lantern oil, health, and ""sanity"". These elements played a vital role in making the player feel truly vulnerable and hapless, essential to this genre of game. In Machine, I never felt challened to complete the few puzzles, and the enemies were never more than a nuisance and could simply be ran past. I would say get it on sale if you enjoy mild spoops and spooks and easy achemevents. Good atmosphere and an interesting steampunk setting, but other than that it doesn't offer much else."
,Recommended,239200,4053739,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Pur3Bolt,The very next sequel of Amnesia is also scary as it can be. I expected that the game will be a lot longer than it actually was (4 hours or so of playtime) and so it makes the game quite expensive for what you get.Be sure to have a spare diaper around when you play this8/10
,Recommended,239200,10900860,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Reggie Fils-Anime,"AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT LOVES THIS GAME!?!?Please tell me im not. Before walking into this game you need to understand that this game is STORY DRIVEN. If you play this game hoping to play another Dark Descent, you will be disappionted. But to summarise my thoughts here we go:PROS:- Fantastic Story- Terrifying atmosphere- Brilliant Music and Sound- Awesome and fitting graphics- Brilliant Build up and Tension- One of the best psychological Horrors.Cons:- Poor Gameplay (Game is more of an experience than a 'game')- Little Challenge- Can be short- Lack of Custom Stories- If you're expecting Horror similar to Dark Descent, you will be disappointedIn summary if you're expecting and wanting a game like the Dark Descent, I don't recommend it. However if you're open to a horror game which plays out more like an experience, then buy this game."
,Not Recommended,239200,12227000,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Manano,"As a huge fan of the first Amnesia, I could not have been more excited for this game.  The games opens incredibly strong with a creepy and atmospheric world that begs to be explored.  However, this ends up being the high point.  As the story progresses and you deeper into the dark and atmospheric world things begin to fall flat.  The elements of horror that were present in the first game, are almost nonexistant in this sequel.It is quite disappointing going from the pure terror that was the first game, into this game which builds a fantastic world, but ultimately does nothing with it.  It was a huge disappointment from me, because you can see the structure of a fantastic horror game, but in the end, The Chinese Room built an atmospheric world that did not capitalize on the horror elements you expect from an Amnesia game."
,Not Recommended,239200,8288543,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,EMP,not scary dont buy
,Recommended,239200,7786936,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pope,"A successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent in only mild theme, engine and style this game ditches some of the more confusing puzzle elements and replaces them with incredibly beautiful visuals and stirring audio.  More of an interactive movie than a fully fledged game it still hits the mark for that creepy feeling if not as in your face as its predecessor.  If you're looking for a title which gives you high value for money this isn't it, however as a pure single playthroguh story I would say its my favourite horror game since Silent Hill 2."
,Recommended,239200,7751666,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,яaenboii™ ♥,"I've got two recommendations.PART 1 a stand point of ""Buy the game for the Story and Beauty"".This game had an amazing story and although it was shorter than Amnesia The Dark Descent It's story was alot better than ATDD. The enviornment was perfect everything seemed very beautiful, the textures were very nice, And the use of a Slaughter house was quite creepy. AAMFP did seem like it was going to be a lot better than it turned out to be because of all the hype given to it. But the story and setting(in my mind) exeeded the hype given. The was that the lantern flickers at the sight of an enemy was pretty creative, it made the game a lot more scary because I had no clue what happened when my lattern started to flip the ♥♥♥♥ out. So if you are looking for probably the best story I have seen in a game for a long time, BUY THIS GAME I DO RECOMMEND IT.PART 2 a stand point of ""buying the game for the gameplay"".I would NOT recommend this game to anyone who wants a horror game with good gameplay. If you want great gameplay play ATDD the first Amnesia. AAMFP was alot easier than ATDD and you weren't able to up the difficulty in anyway at all I know of and I looked into it for a good while. I felt like I could just walk straight through everything only hiding a few times throughout the game. I ATDD you didn't have that feeling you had to be a bit more careful and there was some more skill involved it was as much of a story game even though it had a very nice story, i feel the gameplay was better than the story. If you are looking ot buy a game for gameplay DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it does not add any more to the original story of ATDD and it just seems easy and like the mosters and just their to make you take more time to finish the game, I found all the puzzles to be very easy giving minimal problems.OVERALL: Overall I think that AAMFP is a great game because I perfer to play through games for their story and AAMFP has a beautiful story.Highly recommended!I would give this game a solid 9 pigs out of 10."
,Not Recommended,239200,8230107,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Duskien,"Disappointing compared to the original. Shorter, no mod support + less features. Although it has good music, the atmosphere and story fails to drag you in like the previous Amnesia. Do yourself a favour and play through the Penumbra series instead, or download some Amnesia Campaigns. You`ll end up more satisfied than playing through this."
,Recommended,239200,14958347,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hyp3rSnip3rUK,"OverviewIt's nothing like the original - but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The Dark Descent featured challenging puzzles, pulse-raising ‘run or hide’ decision making, inventory management and constant danger. A Machine for Pigs holds none of these accolades, however, it’s still a good game! It has an interesting story with some horrific themes running throughout. It really makes you feel like you are trapped within the innards of some mechanical beast.The gameplay mechanics (or lack of)There are a few terrifying and jumpy moments before you actually encounter a pig-monster face-to-face... Until you realise that they are a totally pointless gameplay mechanic. Normally, in games where you must rely on either running or hiding from enemies (e.g. the game’s predecessor or Outlast), there is normally some general indication as to where to run or hide. Whether this is done by backtracking to previously seen areas, or running towards illuminated exits. With other games there is fun to be had in evading danger, but not in a Machine for Pigs. The pig-monsters spot you instantly and you can rarely outrun them! This is all okay though because if you get killed, you simply black out and spawn further on in the game, as if the encounter never happened... What’s the point?As soon as I hear a pig’s squeal, this is normally my reaction:“Oh blimey! It’s a pig-man! And he’s spawned right behind me again! I guess I’d better run ahead!”*runs ahead*“Oh-no! There’s nothing here! You know what?... Sod this! I’ll just take a beating because I have no idea what is going on...”*stands there, gets beaten to death by pig trotters and respawns*“Ohhhhhhh so I was meant to run down that ridiculously dark corridor that was obstructed from view by that massive pipe! Stupid me!”Literally, I’d say 2 out of 3 pursuits could pan out like this. The action is AWFUL. The ""puzzles"" literally rely on pressing buttons, replacing power fuses or turning steam valves. That said, simply looking at the machinary is a joy to be had and interacting with it can be quite fun!Why it is good!The game’s redeeming features are the story and the atmosphere. I’m not going to say much about the story, but it is really good! The themes expressed are extremely dark and the way everything unfolds is rather marvellous. Whoever designed all of the machinery did a really good job. The large growling machines and the spitting steam pipes twisting all around create a very immersive portrayal of 19th century industry. Brilliant ambient noises with the accompaniment of eerie music makes you want to jump out of the nearest factory window. There are some instances at the start that had me bricking myself.What's with the title?I personally don’t believe this game should have been called “Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs” because it is hardily like its predecessor. The only thing that is the same is that you can open draws and doors, and wind steam valves with mouse actions. That’s it! Everything else has changed. The game feels more like a scary industrial Dear Esther. However, I can totally understand why the developers would want to capitalise on a series.Should you buy it?Essentially, if you want an incredibly immersive and very artistic story-based gaming experience, this game is probably for you. However, if you want a heart-pounding survival horror – don’t even think about it. It’s nothing like the previous game and your money would probably be better spent on Outlast, if you haven’t already played it."
76561198043627942,Not Recommended,239200,9862076,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Nub-spotting Nub,"Haha, I see the sale things run on this game and am glad to see at last that steam have allowed a recoommentdation -NOT- to buy a game... so I will recommend to -NOT- buy this walk through,boring and easy game... This is about art work and story, nothing else, unlike the original... I think Outlast is agreed to be the orphan to that wretched monstor called the Dark Descent,.. this one? This is an upstart.  I bought this pre-order, £15... If it was Dark Descent in a mediocre way? I would have been happy to foot the bill... As it is some rubbish 'walkthrough' that the Chinese room have made to make money,. I am insulted.   Amnesia was such as great thing before this... I am unsure whether this have left my love for the original intact.. It was Brutlally slain and beaten and crushed until all respect for the 'product name' was completely smashed and nothing remains but regret...  Thanks Chinese Room!In saying that, if you like the way graphics look (you know like mind-f&ks who go on aboput how they spent 2k on a computer) then this will serve as a nice benchmark for your Nvidia £1k single core graphics card.  The story is nothing special though and in some places shows how badly thought out it really is...Please dont buy this - buy outlast or Amnesia: THe Dark Descent - whjich is quite frankly world shatteringly good ... Again... if it was so gooid.. How did Chinese room screw it up!??? (or Frictional??)"
,Recommended,239200,7876218,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,"Big Blake, Towering Bruiser","While others criticize Machine for Pigs for being a ""dumbed down"" dark descent, I defend the decisions made here. If you're looking for Dark Descent however, this isn't the game you're looking for. Machine for Pigs focuses more on narrative than the survival horror of its predecessor, and there's nothing wrong with that. Any horror Machine for Pigs delivers is through it's dark, forboding atmosphere and excellent sound design. It plays upon your expectations rather than presenting a giving you a physical identity to pin your fears on. Machine for Pigs achieves what it sets out to be, a narrative driven horror game. I believe if people stopped comparing the two, they could realize this as well."
,Recommended,239200,20836633,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,The Great and Powerful Autismo,"This game was about 1000x better than I anticipated.  I love the original Amnesia, but I wasn't expecting a whole lot more from the sequel. Boy, was I wrong.  Machine for Pigs managed to do what Dark Descent did, but better- and by doing even less.  The gameplay involves a lot fewer ""typical"" aspects (no health, sanity, or inventory) but still manages to not feel dumbed down.  The story is gripping and not only enhanced, but completed by the notes you find.  They don't feel like a random side thing to grab when you see one, but feel like an actual part of the story and make you want to actively search for them to uncover what is happening to you.Incredible game, solid horror atmosphere, and a thrilling mysteryPlay this♥♥♥♥♥♥ yo."
,Not Recommended,239200,7847900,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Guanjyn,"Save your money. It's a snoozefest. Probably the most boring 'custom story' I've played. If you really must play it, I recommend waiting for an even cheaper deal or torrent."
76561197989050146,Not Recommended,239200,28571892,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,j-PPP☮,"Mediocre, short, clumsy, cringy. A game that is so mediocre in everything that you would not believe it bearing a name ""Amnesia""."
,Recommended,239200,8353655,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Thro⛧tLotion,gam is 2 scary 4 me played 11 minute
,Recommended,239200,8518337,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,metalmethod,"I asked a lot of people about this particular game and I recieved mixed reviews ranging from 'Great!' to 'God-awful'. So to see for myself I bought it. I was pleasantly suprised. So to sum it up I'm gonna go over a few points. (WARNING: SPOILERS)Context: The game is set on the last days of December of the year 1899, with it finally turning to 1900 at the end of the game. You interact with a Victorian environment that's very steampunk-y in it's design. Expect cogs, pistons, sliding factory doors, conveyor belts and industrial blast furnaces. Throughout the story you will encounter early telephone devices on the walls and recieve calls from a strange and omnipresent voice belonging to a character known only as 'The Engineer'.Amnesia differs from the first game by introducing an outside element to the game, especially towards the end where you must run through the streets of Victorian London whilst the mass murder of it's populace occurs around you.Aesthetics: For me this was a beautiful game. The artwork was fantastic. This may have been because I'm a sucker for the steampunk genre but ho-hum. I enjoyed every single bit of this game and genuinely appreciated the time and effort gone into making this stunning environment. The visual appeal ranges from the ornate and flamboyant house that is Oswald Mandus's stately mansion to the grimy, grim and grotesque lab areas, slaughtering floors and the rightly feared animal holding pens.Play-style: Like it's older counter-part the Dark Descent; Amnesia: AMFP is a first-person survival horror in a steampunk-y, spooky environment full of beasts that crawl throug the sewage pipes, ventilation shafts and walkways of varying factory levels, storage warehouses and even a church at one point! The decision to remove the inventory was a brash and somewhat unexpected and occasionally unwanted move. But as contreversial as it was it did help the game flow and also removed the average Dark Descent player's favourite hiding spot! There is also an infinite lantern an the removal of Daniel's nyctophobic anxiety disorder; AKA: the fear of the darkness. These combined made it so that there was no need for a finite lantern fuel system. Many players would be very happy to run around in the darkness as there would be no pyschological consequences, unlike the Dark Descent where the other threat was passing out due to lost sanity from being in the dark too long.Instead the lantern now acts as a rough early-warning system in relation to the monsters proximity to the player. Watch for the flickering lantern!So in conclusion I think that the game deserves a solid 7/8-10. It's beautiful environment and chilling storyline following the plot of Oswald Madus slowly losing his mind in anger towards the harsh and unforgiving capitalist society only intersted in personal-gain and greed. I really enjoyed walking/running/hiding through the levels and thought that they really added towards a creepy atmosphere within the game. The music whilst beautiful is also deeply unerving and goes towards the horrific feeling of being within the bowels of this immense machine. It's only shortcoming is it's lack of really, genuinely terrifying points becuase of tension. Don't get me wrong there's tension but not the spine-chilling, brain-bursting tension that would make Chuck Norris weep in his seat. Despite this; overall, definately worth a look! Especially if you like steampunk. If you need further convincing look at some of the playthroughs on Youtube, there are plenty of intersting videos to watch! Enjoy and have fun!Regards ~ MetalMethod357P.S. I'd love some feedback on this. I'm thinking of writing reviews for a lot of games, so tell me what you think."
,Recommended,239200,8620318,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Guy Incognito,"Not as good as the original, but still pretty cool. Definitely give it a go, a very chilling story with terrifying gameplay."
,Not Recommended,239200,4825915,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,KLED,"Put simply, this game consists of encountering some kind of roadblock, finding the usually laughably easy solution to a ""puzzle"" and then watching as every important door relocks itself behind you. There's also machinery and pigs, all wrapped up in a very dark package. If you were to ask me in person what I think of A Machine For Pigs I'd reply with a shrug and a low non-committal noise, then suggest you just play it.You know in The Dark Descent how you could pick up all of the random clutter scattered around the place and throw it around or break it? It was a great way to destress yourself after a scary part. A Machine For Pigs doesn't let you do that, the vast majority of the crap strewn around is just for decoration now and can't be interacted with. You also can't throw important items, so if, for example, you had to stick a lever into a hole in the wall, you couldn't chuck it from across the room and feel like a badass. Luckily (or not I guess) you won't need destressing. We'll get to that later though.Speaking of not picking things up, you no longer have an inventory so you won't be scouring every nook and cranny for tinderboxes or oil. Almost everything's electric now, including your lantern, so there's no danger of running out of light. Not that that would be a problem anyway, but I'll get to that in a sec. On one hand, this is good news because it means you can keep advancing and following the story, but on the other hand not worrying about your oil removes a lot of tension. Remember when you were new to The Dark Descent and you didn't know all of the cheap ways to gain oil and avoid enemies? Those were the days. The lights suffer from the same issues as lights in every other horror game, so you know that if they start flickering it's brown trousers time.Back to running out of light not being a problem - this is because they've removed the sanity mechanic. In The Dark Descent if you sat in the dark or looked at a monster for too long you'd start losing your mind. This ultimately made it easier for enemies to get you. In A Machine For Pigs, however, you can just sit there with your light off and stare at the enemies until they get out of your way, just like in every other stealth game. The first time I encountered an actual enemy (as in an enemy that can attack you, not just scamper past and disappear around a corner) was in a massive dark room. I heard a horrid noise and was looking around, trying to find out what had made it, when suddenly a pig-monster thing ran at me and spanked me a few times. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, I ""escaped"" by turning off my lantern and crouching on the spot. I didn't expect that to work and had already resigned myself to having to restart when the monster strolled off. This brought back painful memories of Call of Cthulhu.Let's talk about scares. A Machine For Pigs takes the ""make a loud noise and shake everything""route. Now I'm not a game designer or horror writer or anything, I just play games, but this just feels more annoying than scary. The worst part is that whenever this happens the game stops you from moving, so you know there's absolutely no danger because you don't have the option to run and hide. When there is danger, on the other hand, the game makes sure to point you at the enemy during this temporary paralysis, so you know exactly where NOT to go. Thanks game. I don't know, maybe horror games just aren't for me any more.A Machine For Pigs was meant to be released in time for Halloween 2012, but was delayed until early September 2013. They said that the delay was because they weren't happy with the game and wanted to improve it. What we got was a watered down and honestly kind of dumb game that was over in about 4 hours, so I shudder to think what they had before the delay.This whole thing felt a bit unfair. I really should have been focusing on what the game DID, not what it didn't do. It's just that everything was done so well in the past. If you want my real opinion, The Dark Descent is better than A Machine For Pigs, and the Penumbra series is better than either Amnesia game. As for the recommendation, do NOT buy this for $20. If you've not got The Dark Descent yet, spend your $20 on that instead, or better yet head over to the Frictional Games store and grab the Penumbra series for $10. It pains me to say it but this was just a huge disappointment."
76561197993260327,Recommended,239200,8563562,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Xenomorph,"Game-induced fear can take many forms. Having played quite a few horror games before, including even ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"", i thought i knew what to expect. This game, however, showed me this thrilling feeling in a new light, something that i don't recall having experienced before so intensely: the excruciating build-up of tension, the prolonged moments of waiting for your ""first encounter"", whose signs are scattered all around you and become increasingly common. You know you've been waiting for this moment from the beginning of the game, yet it constantly torments you not through immediate fulfillment, but through a psychologically exhausting postponement of the act, like a sick version of a prelude that drags on and on, until you almost beg for it to happen, certain that whatever horrors are eventually revealed can not match in mental fatigue the torture that you've been put through while waiting for it, while stumbling in uncertainty and confusion, never knowing what you will face beyond the next door in your path.And, not to worry - or should i rather say, do worry! - when the awaited moment actually happens, when ""your soul shudders at what you have just seen"", this feeling is far from over; if anything, it makes you even more aware and uneasy about the slumbering horrors burdening your journey into the dark and de-humanizing industrial complex."
76561198039256127,Not Recommended,239200,31090344,Posted: 11 April,all,Banaani,"I like the athmosphere and enviroment, but they removed so many features that made the original amnesia such a great game"
,Not Recommended,239200,7737466,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,DudeDesigns,"The sequel to the 2010 Bore of the Year.Instead of Brown corridors, you have Black corridors. Instead of artificial scares from BDSM users, Machine fro Pigs has absolutely NOTHING. 1 Apperance from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ water monster from Dark Descent and a fake♥♥♥♥♥Pig monster that follows you around for 1 scene of the game for 5 seconds.This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ The atmosphere is much better than bland castle corridors like the first game, however the supposed scares fall flat within the first few seconds. This game is an easy pass up. Just go watch Pewdie♥♥♥♥♥♥ play it if you REALLY are interested."
,Recommended,239200,13683383,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ushio,+Removed Sanity+Unlimited Lattern+Scary Atmosphere-Less scarier
,Recommended,239200,8530482,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NipplesandToes23,I'm completely disappointed! Gimme back ma ten dolla!
,Recommended,239200,8609292,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BATMAN,"This game is all about immersion. If you are the type of person who blasts music while playing games or isn't gonna play this alone + all lights off + surround sound, then don't bother with this game. Though if you can immerse yourself in the pure gothic atmosphere, you will find as many scares as you did in the original amnesia."
,Not Recommended,239200,10750459,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hakrit,"The lack of inventory and health system makes this game a lot easier, the manpigs are not scary, the lantern has unlimited fuel and the game lacks the custom story system from The Dark Descent. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,7853797,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Gieves,It's short with crap horror elements and a fairly predictable storyline.If you were looking for a sequel to The Dark Descent you wont find one here.
76561198017488853,Not Recommended,239200,7598074,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Wacks Tobacks,VERY disappointing game. It doesn't even come close to the greatness of The Dark Descent. That is all.
76561198006688565,Recommended,239200,11313664,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bashar Al Assad,"in terms of gameplay its lacking from the first amnesia, however the story and atmosphere as well as the setting of amnesia a machine for pigs is far more interesting,. as a result i would highly recommend this game for any amnesia or survival horror fan, looking for a great story."
76561198053831299,Not Recommended,239200,12730227,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Fapping Fagbear™,Starts of kind of fresh but then slowly decends into an all too familiar territoryThumbs down
,Not Recommended,239200,13118594,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Oddree,No.
,Not Recommended,239200,13180504,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kinky^^.,Verry short and noting like the first one..
,Not Recommended,239200,12172950,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is very different than its predecessor. What has sold this game for most fans and I'm sure they can agree was the first game. My expectations were very high for it and that is initially my fault for not enjoying it. Unlike a long time ago, where I would see through a game till the end despite my opinion of it changing much, I grow impatient and would rather spend time on other games. The environment is the same but there is little to no incentive to be afraid of your surroundings. Too bad Amnesia, you dun goofed."
76561198024235433,Not Recommended,239200,10780183,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,KT,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. All i do is walk around and collect pieces of paper and play with pig men. 2/10 would not bang.
,Recommended,239200,9304657,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dirty Mack,"Even though, this game was very different from the orginal Amnesia, and maybe wasn't that scary, I highly recommend trying this one. Do yourself a favor, and play this game for beautiful story, gorgeous music, and main character, which have more objectives than killing someone, and fighting for his life (i'm talking about you Daniel!) Seriously this game is awesome!"
76561198053713486,Recommended,239200,10775179,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Captain Double Edward x2 Jones,"I just finished this game and althou i hated myself for buying it at the beginnig, now i am actually reliefed. The AI of the enemies is horrible, pigman cant do sht, so at the early stages i just mocked them. There is no interaction with the enviourment, you can only touch items crucial for the plot advance... and chair. Major downfall from the first game i say...BUTComparing this story with the story of Dark Descent it actually got better, much better. The plot becomes more interesting and creepy as you progress, not the other way around as it was in the first game. Its kinda interesting. I find this good, and would play again to experience the story again.A little message to developers, who wont even read this:FIX THE GAMEPLAY PLEASE... want a checklist what to fix?>interaction with enviorment (all the meaningless item to pick up and play around)>fix AI , give em piggies some IQ coz the cant get anything done. dodging them isnt even challenging, are they even trying to kill you?Game worth 5$ :) I like it"
,Recommended,239200,5986224,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,get back im evil :^),"Not as good as the first amnesia but it's still worth playing. It's has a great extremely dark story. My major problem with this, is the fact that they removed the,inventory, sanity meter, lantern oil, ect. It's doesn't feel like amnesia. if you havent played the dark desent play it it's way better. But if you played the first give this one a chance."
,Recommended,239200,10799204,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wompers,has boobs 10/10 would cream to again
76561198047636256,Not Recommended,239200,10726690,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sG Lethal,"This is literally the worst horror game ever made. If you like the first hour or two to be nothingness and walking around, followed by an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥torm of nonsensical crap, you will love this game.TL:DR: This game is like Amnesia made by an 8 year old. ""It will be super scary and then suddenly there will be explosions peww peww and then there will be these armies and they will roar and it will be totally awesome and scary and then everyone dies and then you dont actually die and then a bunch of stuff happens and then i dont know how to end it so ill just throw some stuff in there and then it will truly suck."""
,Recommended,239200,13177113,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,dit2,"+Incredible story that unfolds at a good pace.+Awesome voice acting.+Great soundtrack from Jessica Curry. Very evocative music that compliments the acting, the ambient sounds, and the environments.+Most of the puzzle elements from The Dark Descent are gone, in favor of a more streamlined narrative.+Top-notch sound design, honestly some of the best I've ever experienced in a game. Fans whirr, metal creaks as it expands and contracts, disembodied voices hiss at you, pistons churn, coolant drips, and a horrific monstrosity grunts and gurgles from somewhere very close by that you can't place and OH GOD IT'S RIGHT THERE-Tedious enemies, once you figure out how to avoid the first few it gets repetitive. On the upside, they are pretty freaky and you won't want to look at them (even though you don't lose sanity for doing so).-The atmosphere is very intense, like The Dark Descent, but unlike the first game, I didn't feel like I was in constant danger.-It's kind of short. I finished it and wanted more. Actually, that's not such a bad thing.(also, the 20th century didn't begin until January 1, 1901)"
,Recommended,239200,13201136,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Doctor Fudge,"Not as good as the Dark Descent, but it did have some pretty big shoes to fill. I think thechineseroom was a bad choice to develop a survival horror game. They do level design well but as indicated by their seminal work, Dear Esther, and this, they're pretty bad at telling a story without letting the surrealism of the story cloud the narrative. And they're terrible at symbolism. Very unsubtle.That said, it's a competent little game, even if the horror has been declawed somewhat with the removal of any real penalty for ""death"". There's enough good to recommend, but I wouldn't blame anyone who decided not to get it."
,Recommended,239200,13213330,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Fresh Mango-kun,"Upon completion of Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, I found myself rather baffled... This game presented me with an intriguing, thought-provoking, entertaining and most disturbed tale that really had my mind racing all throughout and even after, as well as my heart for much of the second two thirds of the game. The gameplay is rather simple, in a good way; unlike the first game, you can't manipulate most of the objects in the game and there are no mechanics pertaining to the player (i.e. inventory, sanity, etc) except for health. Most of the game involves solving moderately challenging puzzles (not so easy as to be boring, and not so hard as to require the aid of the internet), with a few action scenes wherein the player must flee monsters or escape pipes filling with hot steam. The level design is relatively realistic and rather expansive in multiple cases, and the graphical design of the game is rather excellent. The actual graphics are somewhat average -- this was not a game intending to boast its graphics, but some of its textures are noticably low quality, and the same goes for some unimportant static meshes. These things aren't too prevalent however, and shouldn't bother most people (I just happen to be the kind of person that examines the textures, models and graphical FX closely in games whenever given the chance).Overall, excellent game. Simple, but entertaining, scary when it intends to be and involving an excellent, deep, thought-provoking and twisted plot."
,Recommended,239200,8628933,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rmac10,I love horror so i love this game!!!!5 pigs/ five
76561198084335851,Recommended,239200,9337107,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,JonathanT2,Cool and dark story
76561197960493048,Recommended,239200,10936998,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OriX,THIS GAME IS GUD CAUSE 'BOO' N STUFF XoXOX
76561198025894897,Recommended,239200,24250176,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Voidraven13,"Many have criticized this game for is generally lack of the 'scary' factor compared to the Dark Descend, and, in part, it is true.But the point of the game was never to spook you, scare you or s**t your pants, but to tell a story (remember that the authors of this are not the one behind the Dark Descent, but the one behind Dear Esther, they have a different style and a different approach to horror).Machine for pigs is a disturbing story, not an horror game, if we want to use the proper definitions, but is surely no less than many horror games out there for that.For the sake of spoilers, I will just make a few comments. This story is one that you have to enjoy by yourself, without me or others to spoil it to you.----- The story -----The story, and its themes are the true horror elements of this game, and, as you progress and understand what is happening, a disturbing voice, like the one that accompany you for the game, start to whisper to your back.At the and, you will ask yourself if all of this was your fault or not.The evil in this game is very human, and, by being that, understandable and clear.The Machine, the 'antagonist' of the game is a true work of art, and can perfectly obliterate many of the stereotypical bad ones that many horror games share with just his dialogs (my god, the last monologue is poetry in its darkest form!)---- Gameplay ----The gameplay is but a shadow of the classic Amnesia: The Dark Descent: the lantern never run dry, health regenerates, sanity no longer exist (except in scripted situation), inventory has been completely removed.While in TDD you have to explore to find resources and supplies (which, truth to be told, where not that needed), in MFP you have just to find the object needed for the puzzles around and use it; and, since the inventory no longer exist, everything that is needed for a puzzle usually is in the vicinity.Personally, I understand and appreciate the fact that they have cut everything that hasn't a purpose for the story, but a bit of inventory and resource menagement would have greatly benefit the game.---- The Monster (and horror) ----The common enemy of the game are a bit more complex and smart compared to the one of TDD, but largely they follow the same logic: you cannot fight them, so you have to run.The model are very well done and, story related, very creepy, but they are more used for making ambience than to actually chase or haunt you.The only truly scary enemy of the game were the Tesla Pig, which teleport abilities made them unpredictable and haunting----- The music ----As we can expect from the author of Dear Esther, the music is magnificent.Epic when needed, disturbing as requested and, in the end, beautiful, adapting perfectly to the atmosphere of the game.---- The enviroment ----Like the music, the enviroments are the forte of MFP.They are really immersive, and, in the last part, almost surreal in their strangness.The claustrophobic metal corridor and large room filled with working machinery create the right atmosphere for an horror game.---- Final Review ----Machine for Pigs is a beautiful story driven game, but not a classic horror game, so you have to like his kind to truly enjoy it.The story and the characters are very well done and immersive, and the pillars of MFP.If you want a more gameplay driven horror, The Dark Descent is the game for you; but, if you enjoy  a good dark story, then you will surelly enjoy MFP."
76561198035746182,Recommended,239200,4342234,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Mr Murg,You can't find anything more scary or awesome story then this game!
76561198168837759,Recommended,239200,29580512,Posted: 29 January,all,Sacatuki,"This game is utterly one of the most terrifying experiences I have ever had the pleasure of playing in my library. The game is, as the name suggests, about an individual who is suffering from Amnesia (even though when he speaks he remembers he has kids for some odd reason). It is up to you to help this poor person unravel his past and to help him find his long lost children. But it isn't as easy as it sounds. See, while you're busy puzzle solving, reading notes and so forth, you are also hunted down by menacing man pigs. No not man bear pig like South Park, just man pigs. But they are still as bad as man bear pig. These beasts are disfigured nightmares that really don't like light which, unfortunately, you require in order to see where you're going. Too bad humans weren't born with night vision. Otherwise there would have been no need for lanterns. Which reminds me, you are completely defenseless and the only thing you can do is hide and run. But the good news is for those who have played the original Amnesia will be pleased to know that there is no more need for oil to use your lanterns. The lantern can be turned on and off like a flashlight in other titles which is fantastic. It also serves a double purpose to help you to know how close to a man pig you're getting. It does this by flickering rapidly on and off so as to help you avoid getting attacked. It's a pretty sweet title for fans of the horror genre and having the sense of being defenseless. Plus, it gives you that nice and darkish steampunk world that I can only compare to games like Dishonored. It's a beautiful piece of gothic art. So if you're looking for a good title which great suspense and focused on learning the story through note collecting, then this is right for you. However, if you're looking for a horror game that doesn't have you reading notes as the main way to understand a story like Silent Hill 2 or you're either looking for a horror action game like Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City, then avoid this title. Happy gaming!"
76561198029983794,Not Recommended,239200,11476004,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Jankles,Boo!
,Not Recommended,239200,12890968,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Holysword,"I will keep this short and just refer to the other reviews.This is boring. Its just a walking simulator and the puzzles are trivial. The story isn't even all that interesting, and honestly, it made very little sense to me.Ruling the world with a pig army?! Honestly, what the heck?!Perhaps the fact that you don't have to manage your health, sanity and light makes this particularly boring, but I don't think anything could save this game here. If you like the genre, get Amnesia: Dark Descent instead!"
,Not Recommended,239200,10580722,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Crooked Hillary,If you played the preveous games such as amnesia the dark decent than you will be very dissiponted with this horrible game. The story lacks charicter and the game lacks scares and the atmosphereic feel that the dark decent gave you 2/10 would not recomend
,Recommended,239200,12242259,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ct2651,"This Follow up of a classic is better on many thing than the so acclaim classic.Yet, it is not better on things that are more popular.Difficulty, real and big spooky corridor with ghosts and mutants are not as present in this game than the first one.The atmosphere is different this time around and the story isn't telling about a curse and madman.It's more physolophical this time around with a more dramatic vibe.The monsters and kind of boss in the game appear more possible and not as surnatural as the first amnesia.All that have just said is actually making this game better in term of originality and keep the series fresh enough to explain why a spiritual sequel was needed. The different kind of experience you can have with this is interesting and if you prefer more unusual sad and horror story, you will probably like more this game.On my side, this was better than the first, but don't come at me saying it isn't as spooky as the first, I know that, but I have found this sequel to be better to almost erevything else while maintainning a general horror atmosphere. It's more unusual at the same time and that is why this game is better in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,239200,30210500,Posted: 26 February,all,Teezy,A machine for pigs? More like a machine for walking slowly lmao
,Recommended,239200,3157722,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,KAEF RAMZANOV,"поиграл 20 минут , чуть не ебнулся от напряжения"
,Not Recommended,239200,7808211,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,A P H A N T A S I A,"Like the original Amnesia? Not a reason to play this!It's not a bad game as such, it's just er, lacking. In... mechanics.Okay, so this game has a few intresting mechanics:- Moving- Reading stuffYeah, that was all of them. They kinda stripped out all the other mechanics, like the sanity, inventory, and all sorts~"
,Not Recommended,239200,8663375,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TheMarlow,"The first Amnesia game was horrifying. But it was so horrifying I could not stop playing it. That is what made it such a great game. This sequel can hardly be described as spooky. If you are looking for a scary game, this is probably not for you. The only way I could reccomend this game was if you were a major fan of the original and manage to get it dirt cheap on sale."
,Not Recommended,239200,11426405,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,I'm currently on vacation,"Let me tell you something, this game is absolutly f*cking wank. I pre-purchased this game because I was so excited that the new Amnesia was about to come out. The story was crap, but there was barely any action involved. If you look at a game like 'Outlast' at least that has a great atmospere and DLC, but this ♥♥♥♥ is nothing like that. Your kids are like baby zombies and the end of the game is horrible. If you really want a good horror game then you should buy 'Outlast' or 'Amnesia: The Dark Decent'."
76561198120939098,Not Recommended,239200,11265662,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,linearnova,"Anyone who has played the first Amnesia but not the second DONT! For the love of everything good please do not waste your time it is easily the worst game I have ever played. It is a huge step down from the first and is poorly made and written. There is no threat and it is all jump-scares there is no sense of urgency or danger. PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!   Its like frictional stopped trying. And the notes are nonsensical ""poetry"" and everything grabs desperately at the pig theme.""I went to the market, then I went home, I had some roast beef and the next I had none..."" Like that was unnecessary I get that the game is about pigs you don't have to beat me over the head with pig references thanks.This game is actual trash, it isnt scary at all.  They took the interactivity from the TDD out of it.  They took the health and sanity out of it.  The urgency of not having oil in your lamp is gone.  There is no need to be worried about if you are going to have enough light to make it through the next section of the game.  There are no tinder boxes so you dont have to worry about having enough light in certain areas of the game.  Also, there is no inventory so you dont have to worry about carring all those pesky usable items around with you.Also, the puzzle mechanic from the first game is entirly gone. You dont have to worry about firguring anything out. It is very point A to point B.  You dont have to take any time to figure anything out, everything is haded to you on a silver platter saying, ""Here you go, here is what you have to do."" Whereas in TDD you have to read through notes and figure out what you are supposed to do next.All in all the game is really poorly made and the lack of game machanics from the first game cripple this game to almost unsalvageable. I fail to find a single redemable quality in this game. Not to mention the story, virtutally unfollowable.If you liked the first Amnesia DO NOT play the second one! Stick to 'Justine' or Custom Stories."
,Recommended,239200,1451884,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Cowman,This is a really amazing and subtle game.  Don't go in expecting jump scares and stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.  It is subtle and terrifying and absolutely worth every penny.  Whiny babies hate it because they can't do jump scarecams with it but you're not one of those right?
,Recommended,239200,410907,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Fist,Have you ever desired to be a lobster adrift in a sea of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes? Then this game caters specifically to you my friend. Buy today!
,Not Recommended,239200,6016213,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,SundPai°,"Not even close as good the the first game... buy it on sale if you're even remotely interested. Not scary, last half drags, pig encounters are dull and it's only 3 hours long."
,Not Recommended,239200,13913324,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kthulhu,"Walking simulator, very linear, and the few times there are enemies about, they rarely bother to attack you.  I regret this purchase."
76561197991567851,Not Recommended,239200,11827972,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Fixxed,"Not worth 2 bucks... this game made a mockery of amnesia. Possibly ruined any future amnesia games...extremely short for starters... Removed Many awesome features of ""dark descent""... no jump scares, no gore, just 2 or 3 parts of light tension... and i f$%# mean light tension, like opening a can of coke after shaking it lightly...this game seriously sucks monkey ballzzz... the story? lol cliche and none envolving. ♥♥♥♥ the story man... i want scares like amnesia dark descent or outlast...ironic how i bought outlast as an appetizer for this game...."
,Recommended,239200,2057770,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Venetian,"The Chinese Room has an excellent writer (or writers), of this I have no doubt. A Machine for Pigs burrows its way into Victorian fear of its own industrious brave new world, the hallmarks of futurism, and existential musings on the nature of man and evil. All of this wrapped in grimy, visceral prose, much akin to the machinery the player stalks the bowels of.But it feels TCR overstepped their creative boundaries into what drew people in Frictional's previous titles Penumbra and The Dark Descent completely. Gone are the inventories, the limited resources, the ever-growing insanity. Your light never fails, you never need to drag an object more than twenty feet, and death is only a temporary setback. It feels almost as if Frictional had very little to do with it, aside from the Amnesia brand name and some input on nasty monstrosities out to eat the player (And these moments are very few). You will spend a lot of time walking around and listening to talking. Doesn't that seem familiar, now? Dear Esther was an experiment, one I feel failed, but dragged kicking and screaming into this long awaited project. I think Frictional were tossed to the side as nothing more than code monkeys, with the rest of the design process dominated by The Chinese Room. Do not seek a survival horror, here: Whatever plans for it have been buried by script dictation.It's not all bad, though. If you do want the thick atmosphere of rusted, Victorian machinery, the trudging through the catabolism of our species as the anabolism of it stalks you, and finding out just what those colourful piggie masks are all about, I suppose you could do a little worse than spending the tenner to find out just what exactly lies deep beneath that meat packing plant. But if TCR want to create Dear Esther, then try to inject that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥into Amnesia, then I'm going to hold it to the same criticisms: What is it, in the medium of videogames, that I could not have experienced or entertained from a good book, or an elaborate theme park ghost house? If you want to challenge the medium of videogames, you're going to have to do better than this. Take responsibility for your crusade, don't drag another's projects down with you into pretense hell."
,Not Recommended,239200,11412892,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Hell Gangster,"Do you want a horror game where the monsters would be more afraid of you than you are afraid of them if you just could have screamed into your mic? Then go on and buy the worst game ever published by Frictional Games. The story is pointless with a totally meaningless ending, you will also get the worst gameplay in any puzzle horror games I have ever played. This is the longest review I have ever written on Steam and it's because the game SUCKS! and I would like for you not to waste 4 hours +/- of your life and too much of your money on it."
,Recommended,239200,8870633,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,neal121,"Girtty, dirty, horrific, excellent.Atmoshphere and the music used in some areas was excellent.Very good game for survival horror."
76561197988352768,Recommended,239200,10474515,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ReapeR2k90,VERY IMMERSIVE enjoyed most of this but stupid lag whenever something bad (sound?) was going to happen
76561198043683689,Not Recommended,239200,24491644,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Werewing,"Removed many mechanics from the previous game, the graphics generally look worse, and is plagued by crashing errors with uncertain solutions."
76561198076412364,Not Recommended,239200,6825057,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Dr. der Waltz,"First, let me get this one thing out of the way... This game is not scary at all. Unless you have a grudge against pigmen, or you're not too familiar with the horror genre; this game and it's atmosphere are simply not frightening. In fact, listening to this would be more scarier:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8E1_YbypkQ&feature=player_detailpageAnyway, about the game... When thinking about TDD, everyone seems to talk about how atmospheric and scary the game was. For me, it was the story that ultimately caught my attention. So much that it was worth buying it again, and replaying it for the story alone. With AMFP, I bought it for the same reasons. Except, where TDD excelled, AMFP seemed to have falled behind completely.The story in AMFP was rather lackluster, and sadly predictable. Nothing in the game felt new and or exciting. Storywise, it's narative definitely harkens back to classic horror literature. Allowing the player to imagine these situations, as oppossed to seeing them. But with the game's rapid pacing, and very graphic auditory descriptions; this game felt more like a modern day horror, that focuses on more ""gore"" than atmosphere.Playing AMFP's story just felt like a mix between Afterfall InSanity and BioShock. For the most part, the game was like the first part of BioShock. Except, where BioShock continued, AMFP just ends. Which got me wishing there was more after ""the end."". And without spoiling anything, Afterfall InSanity did a much better job at telling a similar story, imo.As for gameplay, it was surprisingly poor. Gameplay was very minimal compared to TDD. Gone is the object interaction (which doesn't really affect gameplay); the inventory (so there is no ""survival"" concept); the oil lamp (now it's a lantern with unlimited energy); and the enviorment puzzles, which made TDD much more than just a ""scary game."" What really felt missing however, was the whole stealth game mechanic that TDD had.No longer do you need to run away from the monsters, or quickly find the hiding place. In AMFP, it's all about observing the pigmens' walk pattern, and hiding from them. Sounds the same, except there are no ""hiding places."" The AI was also dumb and ridiculous. In fact, you could just simply run in circles and they still won't catch you. You could even sneak up to them, without them noticing. It also takes a few hits for most of the pigmen to actually kill you, which doesn't really help the game's cause.Overall, AMFP is not worth the $20 or $15 price, even for the story. I'd say, for less than $5, sure. Besides, this is a short game with lag issues here and there. You can even find TDD custom stories that are much more worthwhile than AMFP."
,Recommended,239200,9934001,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Natural Sleeper,"This game is like dogging in a camp site, f***ing intense. Nowhere near as scary as Dark Decent, however. The story and setting though are excellent, redeeming the lack of a fear factor, so give it a go if you like those elements of a game."
,Not Recommended,239200,8610119,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Solasuke: Still alive MIA,"This game is a clear downgrade from the original. Gone is the depth of interaction and deep sense of immersion. Gone is the pressure of being conservative with your light sources. The game has a few good moments but not worth playing for. The story line while initally seeming promising, becomes very cliched. Enemies are almost never seen, and when they are, your latern flickers easily alerting you, not that it matters since they are very easy to aoivd.Play the original and forget this game exists."
,Recommended,239200,27307897,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Love™,It's a very good basis for beginning on horror. It's a classic in the genre.
,Not Recommended,239200,26562022,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,EuroHEV,"If you played and loved the original, avoid this game at all cost. It is just a dumbed down version of the original, with so few encounters, no inventory, no need to watch out for your lantern to run out of oil as it seems to never run out.Needless to say, I was very very disappointed with this game.I only recomend it if you love walking simulators like Dear Esther, which I found boring and too artsy-farty."
76561198024583843,Recommended,239200,27008693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mahws,"A failure of marketing, a success of a game.Machine for Pigs is an excellent horror themed walking simulator. It's not hard, there's no 'game over' screen (and for good reason, nothing reminds you that you're playing a game more than re-loading to-try-try-again) but failure is punished in a way that makes sense within the story and doesn't pull you out of the experience.If you want an excellent and atmospheric gothic horror camp fire story to wander through then this is a game that will appeal to you. If you're expecting it to be a sequel to Amnesia, with its gimmicky fear mechanics and try-try again difficulty, as the origonal advertising campaign for the game might have lead you to expect, then keep clear."
,Recommended,239200,27014395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sneakernet,A game that explores the man-machine-pig interface. Thoroughly animalpunk.
76561198043180781,Not Recommended,239200,8208004,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lucky Shot,"I got killed... by boredom. [WARNING! MASSIVE SPOILERS!]Just beat the game and I must say, the scariest thing I experienced was boredom. In my opinion not only it was a bad sequel to the first Amnesia and to Frictional's previous works, but it also was a bad game on its own.It's a game without mechanics, except for walking, jumping, holding a lantern and moving a very limited amount of objects. Sanity/light conservation were so important in the first Amnesia not only as gameplay elements, but also as a way to scare you. You didn't want to run out of oil because, if you did so, your sanity would start to drop making you easier to spot, and also it created fear with the threat of being sorrounded by darkness with no means to know what lurked in there, being totally helpless and vulnerable. They got rid of that: problem is, resource limitation is a big fear inducing factor in this genre: you are constantly worried, checking your inventory frequently to control your resources because if you run out you won't be able to survive. Here you feel perfectly safe because you don't have a resource that can run out and cripple your chances of survival. They also got rid of interaction with objects, that was not only funny but also useful to slow enemies from advancing. So gone are the days of barring a door behind you or frantically move away trash blocking your path during a chase sequence since duh! No interactable objects! I missed these mechanics, even if they wouldn't be very useful in this game since the solution for every single enemy encounter is to run since enemies are as fast as snails.Puzzles, a staple in the genre, are gone. Or better, they are so dumbed down I didn't even have to think to solve them, just place the only interactable item, located a couple of meters away, to X socket, randomly click different switches to activate a mechanism or pull a lever in plain sight without any clue on what it will do except letting you progress with the game. I really hated the lack of challenge in these so called puzzles, being puzzle solving one of my favourite parts in this kind of games.Now, people say atmosphere is great and I agree... until you leave the church. Then it becomes dull and repetitive. The environment is just an endless series of steam pipes and pistons, not scary nor interesting. The thing I hated most is the feeling of safety I experienced during my whole playtime. I always felt safe from harm, due to the fact that most of the encounters with enemies were actually a harmless script, like those with Manpigs crossing your path and then disappearing. Whenever I saw an enemy running before me I knew he was harmless, so the tension was non-existent due to the lack of actual dangers. They should have tried harder than these wannabe jump scares. Also, the ""blue mist"" ruined the fear of what may lurk in the dark since darkness wasn't... well... actual darkness. Random recorders scattered around didn't help immersion nor it did help the unbelievable fact that Oswald recorded things he shouldn't have, like ""hey professor let me record me killing you so my future self will be able to remember how cruel he is"". And, yes, I played it slowly, walking and reading notes, with headphones, lights off and trying to enjoy the game instead of trying to just beat it. As you can see, it was useless.There were like 5 actual enemy encounters during my whole playthrough, all of which just required to run since enemies do very easily give up chasing. No hiding involved, no trembing in darkness hoping they wouldn't spot me. While chasing, enemies can't break open doors and crouching in a corner with your lantern shut will be enough to make them forget about you. Now, I know that in a game like this you have to arrange enemy encounters so the player won't get used to them and stop being scared, but this is otrageus. While I walked I was always sure nothing was going to kill me since there were so few monsters around and also because of your lantern's ability to warn you when an enemy is close, further killing any suspance and tension. There are a couple of chase sequences like in the original Amnesia. However, wile in the original they where adrenaline filled here they are just boring due to the fact that enemies are slow, they don't deal much damage and they take their time before actually starting to chase you. The soundtrack also fails to underline chase sequences. Manpigs are not scary at all and I found the Electic Pig quite comical. It's alive! IT'S ALIIIVE!Gone are the days of exploring rooms and opening closets since every door and every closet is barred and is actually just a texture with nothing behind it, wich made me feel even safer: since there's no room behind it it's impossible for a monster to jump out from said door. In the first game you often find yourself exploring the whole area to find the item to open the way you need to go or to solve the puzzle you need in order to continue. In this game there's no need for it since the whole thing can easily be described as a corridor. Pure linear map design at it's worst, no exploration involved. Having a fixed path before me and being handheld broke immersion and atmosphere quite badly, remembering me all the time I was playing a videogame much like the first Mario Bros would.The plot felt uninteresting to me. It was much like the first Amnesia, you do something bad, suffer amnesia and then try to fix it. However, while in the first it was much more believable since you were just trying to save your life and getting revenge, in this chapter you are much like an Evil Overlord who regrets it's old ways. And the reasons behind the action of your old self are just idiotic: yeh society is evil, let's kill everybody and have a race of abominable suine maniac murderers rule the world, sure they will be much better than humanity. I felt the story was just bad, I preferred the first one's since it was clearer, better presented and I felt more involved since it was focused on my playing character's person and backstory. Here the story is hidden in too many cryptic walls of text that mostly made no sense, self written ones are repetitive and dumb: half is ""I've seen so many horrors but I have to keep pushing to save my obviously dead kids"" and the other half ""I was evil and now I have to redeem myself and destroy the machine"". While in the first one you uncover the story slowly keeping your interest high, here you have it all since the beginning: you know since the first minutes of gameplay that Oswald is evil since his own house has built-in passages that linked guest rooms to corpsedisposal-o-matics; the line ""Daddy please, don't hurt me"" heavilly suggests that he killed his children and the Evil Machine was built by him, under his own house, so we already know we are playing as a mass murderer that killed his sons, random guests and built an Evil Machine, the only thing we miss is what exactly does the machine do. So we have tipical Evil Overlord flick trying to destroy the world according to his twisted visions and ideals, only this time the Evil Overlord gets flu and forgets what his masterplan was and tries to stop it. Also please, the men=pigs 'cuz we're greedy and we're selfish and we're evil and we exploit children was done before... by Orwell, for instance... and greatly overdone by almost a century of communist propaganda.The whole graphics aspect can be summarized as ""blue filter/haze that prevents you from seeing anything clearly"".At least I liked the music but I missed the tune the original Amnesia played when you get spot by a monster.Overall, AMFP felt like a safe, warm hallway with nothing to do in it but walk and read notes to progress with it's bad storyline and sometimes place an item in a socket or run from a slow enemy. It was a total disappointment and I disliked it to the point I had to force myself to finish it, agonizing in boredom every second."
76561198047328877,Not Recommended,239200,8078846,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Tjally,"I do not recommend this game, because I thoroughly hated it. Though it has its good points, it's best played by the people who can appreciate its nature. If you ever played Dear Esther and liked it, Amnesia MFP is a good game for you.It features little gameplay next to walking, and has a story that bored me out of my mind. Overusage of large and unusual words made the notes complicated and irrelevant, and the endless monologues really p*ssed me off. By the time actual monsters showed up, I was so annoyed at the game wallowing in its own brilliancy that it was no longer scary, but more annoying.The graphics are nice, but the game has a strange blue filter over everything, that makes practically everything hard to see, lantern or not.If you are a horror fan looking for something new, it's worth a look. If you want traditional horror, or something resembling Amnesia DD/ Penumbra Black Plague, stay away from this game!"
,Recommended,239200,8240422,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Smug Pupper,Good scares. Grat story. Pigs.
,Not Recommended,239200,8462475,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,anonion,"I was rather dissapointed with this game. With no inventory system, simple enemies, and infinate lantern it didn't seem like Amnesia at all. I mean sure, it had a good story but the gameplay was really lacking compared to The Dark Descent. If you havn't played that game, go spend your money on that, otherwise, keys away!"
,Not Recommended,239200,8637064,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DarkWolf80s,"I don't want to bash this game but it has its ups and downs. But really, the biggest disappointment for me was the scare. There may be one or two parts which will make you jump and go ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥"" But thats about it, and it gets really boring slowly and drops downhill. I honestly feel that this second installment of Amnesia doesn't stand up to the first. The first gamse was not only scary but it also had some unique elements which are taken away in this game. I am glad that I got this during the Steam Sales otherwise I could have paid a heavy price for it. And yes, just like everyone else that loves Amnesia, I was waiting to play this game badly. But now I wish I wasn't so tempted to play it in the first place."
,Recommended,239200,8821022,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Script Kitty,We are the pig.  We are ALL the pig.
,Not Recommended,239200,8461341,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Norsupaastainen,"Amnesia a machine for pigs was a huge dissapointment. First Amensia was a decent horror game but I wouldn't call this one a horror game at all. They have just removed some basic gameplay elements from the first game and added very odd and artsy storyline. And the creatures, these weird pigmonsters are ridiculous, not scary at all.Fortunately the game was very short so I didn't have to suffer very long. If you want some survival horror, buy Outlast.Overall 2/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,8608521,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"The game is alot less scary than the original game by not having enough scary moments and more boring moments and less scary environments,  and in some way alot less fun by having more restrictions by not letting you interact with objects, the game is less disgusting and horrifying and less gory, and overall less on every aspect of what made the first amnesia one of the best.More info at:http://www.ksalue.com/main/2013/09/amnesia-a-machine-for-pigs-review-the-good-the-bad-the-money/"
,Recommended,239200,8959088,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Owen Wilson,Memorable voice acting and soundtrack.
76561198093190561,Not Recommended,239200,8608617,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BigMeanMutherHubbard,"I personally do not like this... it is total crap compared to the original Amnesia game.  Pros:good graphics Cons:cant pick up very many items, not made by frictional games"
,Recommended,239200,8625753,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Veraxis,"The Bad:While the game does manage to tell an interesting story, I feel it lacks most if not all of the things that made the first Amnesia game such an icon in the horror genre. Similarly to the Dark Descent, the narrator / flashbacks or what have you speak in cryptic, enthralling tongues and, coupled with an amazing soundtrack, create an atmosphere that is at the very least enjoyable and enveloping. Despite this, the game does not replicate the experience that the first Amnesia game provided. The puzzles (if you want to call them that) are incredibly easy to solve and are very linear, leaving almost no room to miss something and be stuck pondering what you must do next to continue onwards. Rather than having to traverse back and forth through multiple zones and pay close attention to journal entries in order to solve puzzles, all you have to do is pretty much find valves, spin them, and you win. In addition, the game no longer features sanity, and your light source (lantern) does not have batteries / oil or anything so you have no reason to be afraid of the dark. Next, without spoiling any of the story, I will say that the game takes the whole ""Pig"" thing a little too far. You'll see what I mean when you play the game yourself. As as far as the scares themselves go, I can't say there was more than a few decent scares in the game. Whereas my heart was pounding in fear every time I opened a door in Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this game rarely raised my pulse, and if it did, it wasn't a drastic increase. I don't know if I was just used to the Amnesia style of scares at this point or if the game was really just dull in the fright department, but I'm going to go with the ladder. Let's not forget how incredibly short the game is. On my first playthrough with no knowledge of the game, I managed to complete the game in about three hours, having died only twice. Finally, the narrative of the game is a bit predictable. About halfway through the game (or maybe even sooner than that), you know full well what is going to happen and if you have some brain power you can most likely also deduce something else quite early on, but I can't say what that is for obvious reasons.The Good:The game, provided you play with all settings maxed out, looks incredible. Though the atmosphere provided may not have been the most horrific thing ever, it definitely shows that Frictional Games knows how to create an atmoshpere. And that's good. Also, the game has an amazing soundtrack and features a strong narrative that would definitely be suitable for a book. All in all, the game is certainly enjoyable, and being that it does not cost as much as most games out there, I would definitely recommend at least one playthrough, though don't expect to be blown away.I didn't notice any options for custom stories, either, so if the game is lacking that feature, it will most certainly have a negative impact on my opinion of the game. I hope this review was helpful."
,Not Recommended,239200,9590251,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Roxas (ง •_•)ง,"Big disappointment compared to the Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The story, monsters, environment, and puzzles are all less suspensful, unique, and frightening. I originally thought that it was because I had gotten used to the game style from The Dark Descent, but reading other reviews lead me to believe that the developer (The China Room) just simply goofed on this one. It is still published under Frictional Games, but it ultimately does not feel like a Frictional title. Certainly it has the large dark rooms and cooridors and such, but it's missing all of the magic from the previous titles."
,Recommended,239200,10076914,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Dros Hyrozan,Your lantern turns into a strobe light when piggies are around.10/10 would rave again.
76561198048856324,Recommended,239200,10138895,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,IceCity,"It's okay but first game is much better. It just ins't dark enough and as scary, seems like it's missing something.4/10"
76561198081607785,Not Recommended,239200,10329872,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Paulie Walnuts,"when this game came out i bought it without even thinking because i loved amnesia the dark descent and i still play amneisa the dark descent it to this day. it took me 3.2 hours to beat amneisa a machine for pigs. at the end of it i cried because i waited years for possibly the biggest piece of liquid♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever seen in my intire life... no costm strys LIKE WHAT THE ACTUAL MC CHICKEN ♥♥♥♥..... i wanted to rip out my hair... soo we waited all this time for about 4 hours of gameplay that was wierd,filled with glitchs, it pretty much sucked as much man pouch as possible. its more scary to turn the lights of in my room and scream.. -_- LETS NOT FORGET THAT THIS GAME WAS DELAYED LIKE 20000 TIMES.. for what i have yet to figure out.. about 1 jump scare in the hole game and the monsters made me laugh... and if you put 7 spotlights in the center of a room that about as dark as it gets... i would not recommend. stick to amnesia the dark descent as i know i am... the chinese room has failed frictional games and i hope frictional games takes back over and makes a better game.. thats all i have to say. pce :("
,Not Recommended,239200,79735,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Cc_Hellboy,"Oink oink oink oink! Oink oink oink!I am Pig Man! I'm Pig Man!I'll see you in two hours, after you've beaten the game."
,Not Recommended,239200,12584639,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Yomil,"I'm a big fan of Amnesia: the dark descent, and I was really looking forward to this game. I'm sure the story is good and all, but I can't get into the story because the game is so boring. The monster isn't scary looking, mostly just boring jump scares like  you see the monster run past a doorway you're about to walk through like 8 times before you actually encounter it, when you encounter it, you can pretty much escape it by walking. If you loved running and grabbing random stuff and throwing it at the monster chasing you like in the first game. You can't do that in this one. Almost all of the objects are locked in place. The puzzles are extremly easy(maybe they get harder but I got too bored and disapointed to continue playing) I tried getting into the story, and tried coming back to the game a few times but i couldn't get into it. The disapointment was too much. I know the blame isn't all on the chinese room, but I think the game would have been much better if they didn't get involved. I don't see why they replaced fun and scary gameplay with a good story instead of just having both."
76561198057849140,Not Recommended,239200,24285374,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aeon,"Only the name and the controlls seems similar to the number one terror game of the world, Amnesia, the dark decents. A machine for pigs is indeed scary as hell, but still the story and everything does not work for me. You can easily tell that this is not the same studio that made the first one, as is correct. It will never be the same, because they are made very differently. Removing of the fear bar is a horrible choice. If it ain't broken, why fix it?-Still, it is a scary game, and if you like scary games it's allright I guess, but there are way better games out there than this."
76561198007981139,Not Recommended,239200,11621732,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,POTTimusCRIME,"This game does have some scares, and the game is highly immersive with a deeply interesting story to tell, disturbing but interesting all the same, but ultimately is way too short and too easy to recomend as a game.I finished the game in around 5-6 hours allowing plenty of time for exploration...However ...those 5-6 hours were in a single play-through, I was hooked from start to finish. So while I find this game hard to recomend, I also have to say that I loved every second of it. The environments all have so much detail that it is hard not to get sucked into this twisted tale. Sadly only the atmosphere remains from the previous Amnesia:The Dark Decent, the gameplay and puzzles even the sanity meter and the limited light source have all vanished leaving just a walking simulator with a strong story to tell...shame.For people who like a good story or some twisted♥♥♥♥♥shit straight out of a horror movie check this out when it goes on sale.To anyone expecting Amnesia:The Dark Decent Part 2, AVOID !To see more on Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs check out my full play-through:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzZXPhnqV7I&list=PLnlgVDdynrW4vt1q51nKhj-_Q7uGnBJT2"
76561198004811351,Not Recommended,239200,18589464,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a really short game; I clocked in at around three hours.  To it's credit, even in this short time span I went through an impressive range of emotions.  First, I was unsettled and creeped out, waking up in a bed that was surrounded by an animal cage.  Next I was curious to learn who I was and what events had led to my precarious situation.  As I picked up and read some scattered notes I felt genuinely disturbed as they described surgical experiments and mutilation.  Roaming a labyrinthian sewer, I lost my way and confusion set in.  Then somewhere along the way I got tired of looking at bricks and pipes and I got bored.The setting of A Machine for Pigs is intriguing; taking place in London (I believe...) around the start of the industrial revolution it's the Lovecraft tropes we know and love, but in a setting that's somewhat unique for the genre.  The character you control is the owner of a meat packing business, and the advent of automated machinery to replace human workers leaves him a little obsessed with streamlining the production line.  Under his house lies impossibly complex machines of death to slaughter the livestock.  And of course by “pigs” he means humans.  His kids take to playing in these death tunnels and have an accident around the pig people.  Discovering his twin boys' demise leads your protagonist further into madness, and he becomes obsessed with bringing them back.  The underground laboratories help his quest as he feeds more blood into his machines with the promise of quenching the insatiable appetite of an elder god residing in an abyssian pyramid.  His wife died, too?  Forgive me if the details are hazy, but this is one of those “pick up the notes” types of storytelling, and it also really doesn't matter that much because it's more about the atmosphere of the game.And the spooky atmosphere is done rather well.  At first, anyway.  The early portions of A Machine for Pigs could reasonably be criticized for being nothing more than “boo, haunted house” jump scares, but these are quite effective and the strongest parts of the game.  Descending deeper into the earth you'd figure a darker madness awaited you, but no... it's mostly just recycled bricks and pipes and steam.  There's a real good buildup to revealing the pig-men hybrid monsters that stalk the halls, and seeing one for the first time is unnerving.  Unfortunately that's about all you're going to see in terms of monsters, and their effectiveness wears off long before the apocalyptic payoff of pigmen running rampant in the streets of London.  They become more nuisance than nightmare, obstacles between you and the solution to a simplistic puzzle you'd otherwise solve before you knew the problem.  Again, for a short game it seems like it's stretching itself too thin.I started off fairly high on Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, but as I progressed I grew less interested.  It's been awhile since I played the original Amnesia, but somehow I remember much more about that game than the one I just finished.  It's almost like... no, ♥♥♥♥ it."
76561198058891902,Recommended,239200,31212279,Posted: 17 April,all,LegitzRUSH,"If you liked the first one you will enjoy the second one as well. It has a lot of what the first one had and the team who made it suceeds in bringing that similar horror feel the first one itself had. Not too sure why there are negativie reviews, i think people just expected way too much from it, and put the first one on too high a pedestal. This is a great horror game in its own right :)"
76561197991259735,Not Recommended,239200,8620147,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,"move fast, live slow",buy the first one instead
,Recommended,239200,1752638,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,MrBalrog,if you played and liked the first amnesia game:dont get this game
,Not Recommended,239200,11156658,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,gNatFreak,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME.It crashes it launch. Change all your settings to low, and you might can get to the main menu. Try starting a game with all settings on low, and boom another crash.First game I've ever had on Steam that I cannot launch due to it being terribly made.So, buy this game at your own risk. You very well might not be able to run it (regardless of your computer's quality)."
,Not Recommended,239200,8754218,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JoyTrooper,"Frictional Games took their highly praised Amnesia title and gave it to the developers of the walking simulator that is Dear Esther (The Chinese Room), and the result became Dear Esther 2: A Machine for Pigs. Anyone who enjoy the gameplay in the first Amnesia (or any gameplay at all) will not enjoy this. Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a testiment that The Chinese Room are too incompetant to develop any gameplay beond walking mechanics.If you absolutely have to see this game then watch a ""let's play"" on youtube, the only thing you'll be missing out on is holding ""W"" for hours."
76561198036333006,Recommended,239200,26790916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Julio,"Sin duda merece el premio ""Best use of Farm Animal"". Love U guys and gals ♥"
,Recommended,239200,21803859,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ErbanVision,"From The Chinese Room the Creators of Dear Esther come the long awaited sequel to Amnesia the Dark Descent.I understand why Frictional Games did not want to do a follow up to Amnesia the Dark Descent, i mean there first game was already perfect so why bother. It's also an interesting gamble that they hired The Chinese Room to make a Sequel considering that they have never done a horror game.Whether it payed off or not is up to the player to decide i personally like Amnesia Machine For Pigs but i understand that it might not appeal to everyone. Unfortunately it's a walking simulator and the focus on sneak gameplay and horror encounters has been strip down to a bare minimum. So the only thing that is there is a level design about clicking a few switches and a audio narrative story about a tale of love, death and pigs. Thankfully The Chinese Room now's how to Tell a story since they have done that in the past with Dear Esther and with Everyone goes to the Rapture (which would release on the ps4 a few year later).7.3/10 Verdict: Sadly it's Dear Esther with an amnesia skin so try to see it as different take than an actual Sequel and you might still enjoy it."
,Recommended,239200,28705877,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fiveros™,life is a lie XDDDD
76561197974036725,Recommended,239200,12768172,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Rob,"Not worth 21.99 USD. But also not deserving of the negative feedback given to it. Yes the lantern is infinite and its much more simple than ""A Dark Descent"". The puzzles are trivial and it has nowhere near the horror of its predecessor. It's a psychological horror game, the type that you have to immerse yourself in. If being chased by freaks and attacked constantly is your thing, then Buy ""Outlast"". If Machine for Pigs goes on sale, Scoop it up. i picked it up for 5 dollars after 6 months of wanting it, and im not disappointed with it.Dont let morons ruin expectations of a game because its not Action packed like other titles.In short: If Dark descent is a 10/10  this is a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,239200,12844138,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,BørneSnupperen,dissapointing to the point not worth playing. would rather play the dark descent a second time than use money on this.
,Not Recommended,239200,8639619,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,Amnesia: A Machine for ApathyAmnesia: A Machine for Walking AroundAmnesia: A Machine for BoredomAmnesia: A Machine for I Wish Something Would Eat Those Annoying Children AlreadyAmnesia: A Machine for Uninstalling
76561198144160141,Not Recommended,239200,28594845,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Slartiblootfast,"This game is way too easy.  It's so hard to get killed that you can't even commit suicide if you were to try to most of the time.If you want horror fiction with swears just go to a charity shop and get the book with the nastiest looking cover.  And if you'd like to experience that with added tension, just read the book with your head stuck out of a train window, that would be better than Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs.Seriously though don't buy it, it sucks."
,Recommended,239200,27230618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tewzr,sp00ky
,Not Recommended,239200,13156508,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,goosedecoy,there was 1 time in this game i actually got scarred....
,Recommended,239200,16821038,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ALoafOfBread,"It's a pretty bad farming sim, but other than that, the story in itself is great. Not as spoopy as  the first, but still spoopy at times. - 8.7/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,8066523,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,pvt. spooks,"An easy 2/10. The storyline is difficult to understand and relies heavily on notes/journals, which are archaically written (for the time period, granted) and in an extremely odd font that makes it even more of a challenge to try and decipher. The game was over in less than half the time of the first game, and provided no clear reasoning for its ending. Perhaps I wasn't as engaged as I should have been, but I was confused throughout the entire story.A not-creepy-but-very-annoying blue fog is in nearly every level, making it impossible to see things and putting a weird bloom effect on everything. Other players suggested removing the file for the fog, which I never did, arguing that a game worth my time wouldn't drive players to change files to make the game bearable.The ""monsters"" are not psychologically damaging in any way to the senses, as they were in Amnesia - The Dark Descent. There is no chase music, and the creatures simply aren't scary.This review is in no way a reflection on the abilities of thechineseroom, rather the situation that thechineseroom was put in. To my understanding, thechineseroom makes art games and indie stories, such as Dear Esther (which was beautiful and wonderfully written), and do not have the mindset to make horror stories. Frictional Games let me down a bit with this, especially considering how long I had been waiting for the game and how long it had been postponed for (even more than BioShock Infinite)."
76561198012243487,Not Recommended,239200,10510523,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Paint!,"Amenesia the Dark Descent was an amazing game that created an internet phenominon. With all the Youtube press it recieved and barrage of indie horror games mimicking that followed. It's hard to deny it was an influential, innovative, and fantastic game. This game was a huge letdown in contrast. It's not all this game's fault however, the original Amnesia came out of nowhere as a suprise and thus I had no expectations from it other than was most likely going to be frightening to say the least. So it's hard to achieve something bigger than what the original had. That being said, I was still excited from the coverage I had been following online concerning this game so I was nonetheless pumped about it. It was a day one purchase for me out of pure faith. The opening seemed interesting to say the least but as soon as that was over and the gameplay segment had begun it didn't take long for me to notice changes in the series... changes for the worse.First off I almost immediately noticed you could not interact with most of the furniture and objects laying around the rooms. In the first Amenesia you could mess with almost anything whether it was form or function related, it was still fun to toss vases at the monsters as you were trying to make a break for it. In this sequel you can open very few drawers and cabinets, and the only other objects in rooms you can move are the chairs. I know thats a nitpick but it gets worse.After accepting that slight change I was trying to figure out how to open the inventory. I tried looking at the controls in the game and found nothing. I then read forums that said the inventory was removed. This simplified the game too much for my taste and seemed like it only made the game more bland.With no inventory to open I then wondered how I would check my health and sanity... then I read more up on the game. There was no sanity meter... I mean what the ♥♥♥♥ man that was half of the fun of the original. Hiding in a corner wondering if you were going to either go ♥♥♥♥ing insane from the darkness or have to turn on your lamp to relieve yourself only to have a god damned monster with googly eyes staring you down. Pick your ♥♥♥♥ing poison! It was awesome. But no, no sanity meter here more watering down of what made the predecessor so great. Oh and that's another thing... your lamp, or old timey flashlight device, has an infinte source of light. There is no oil to fill it up with or anything you have to replenish it with at all in the game. On top of that your flashlight torch lamp thingy magiggy flickers on and off when a monster is near or about to appear taking away yet more tense build up moments. Also no god damned tinderboxes. I guess it doesn't matter anyway since half of the game's envirenment is lit and you don't have a sanity meter anyway. What a crock of♥♥♥♥♥♥The story is even more far fetched and bizarre this time around, but it's ok I had no issues with it. The monsters are pigs instead of jawless, leather bondaged, flabby♥♥♥♥♥white things. They act the same though so again that change is purely aesthetic. On the plus side though is awesome atmosphere of late 1800's industrial London, you get to venture through a mansion, factories, a church and catacombs, slaughterhouses, sewers, even the streets of London itself. The music was also pretty intriguing. And the graphics were obviously better being it came out nearly 3 years after the first game.Overall this game is not bad by any means. It's fun and worth playing. The problem with it is that its just a watered down version of the first game with a different setting and characters. It brings nothing new to the table gameplay wise, it only takes things away. It's worth buying on Steam if you get it during a sale I'd say, otherwise I would invest my money in another title."
,Not Recommended,239200,29010498,Posted: 4 January,all,unknown,Blurry walking simulator with unsatisfying ending.
76561198007985125,Recommended,239200,8612739,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Wulfonce,"This game is ok, but not nearly as good as Amnesia ""the dark decent"".  Four things really bother me about it...1) the lack of an inventory2) not being able to light candles lamps ect. (no tinderboxes)3) its to dark4) 90% of the game looks the sameI originally thought the game was bugged.  I pressed every key trying to find the open inventory button, then I find out that you have no inventory, really?  Puzzles are solved by carrying the needed object which is more often then not very close to where you need to use it, making for an easy to solve (almost boring) puzzle system.  I liked in the dark decent how objects need to sometimes be carried long distances before you find a use for them *note the chemical puzzle in the dark decent, where you need to combine the 4 acids.*The game takes place in 1899.  Electricity has just been invented and is not widely popular, so why is there so few candles and oil lamps?  No tinderboxes? no light-able light sources?  I think this is what I dislike most about the game.  In the original, players could light candles and torches whenever they feel insecure (which is most of the time).  In ""a machine for pigs"", its so dark and without the option to use light sources, after about 30min the player gets use to it, and the scary effect is lost.  Jump scares are one thing, and this game has many of them, but atmosphere is just as important.You're given a battery powered lamp that never runs out of juice.  A good thing considering 90% of the game is almost pitch black.  However, I really wish they used an oil lamp instead.  Or even a battery powered lamp that runs out over time.  I liked in the first game how you needed to keep a close eye on your oil so you don't run out at a time when you need it most.  Back to the game being to dark...  In the first game there were really bright rooms occasionally, sometimes with the moon light shining in.  As you play the game and come across a room like this, its a breath of fresh air.  It makes you appreciate the dark rooms a whole lot more.  A nice change of atmosphere, keeps the game fresh and enjoyable to play.  A machine for pigs is pretty much dark all the time, get use to it...I understand that the game is based around old steam technology, which I found very appealing at first.  Especially the part where you have to start the massive steam engine.  Watching that huge flywheel turn around, gave me goosebumps.  Very well done on that part!  However 90% of the game looks the same.  Your constantly walking through maintenance corridors full of steam pipes.  It got dull very quickly.  I just wanted to see something green again, but it never happened.Overall, this game is worth checking out if your an amnesia fan.  If not, I would probably pass it by.  I don't regret buying it, but I probably wont play it a second time."
,Not Recommended,239200,8231956,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,teaearlgraycold,"Like the Chinese Room's Dear Esther, Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs seems more like an art project than a video game. Many of the game mechanics from The Dark Descent are gone, no inventory, sanity, or latern oil remain. There is very little survival or horror in this sequal to one of my favorite survival horror video games. If you expect this to be like the original then you will most likely be disappointed.All of that being said, the game does look good - in an artistic way, this isn't CryEngine. The music fits the atmosphere very well, and the story isn't too bad either. If you pick this game up on sale, or you don't enter the game with too many expectations, then you will most likely enjoy it. It's not bad, but in my opinion Frictional Games messed up by having the Chinese Room develop this. I wish I could give a more neutral recommendation, but given the binary option Steam gives me I will have to say No, I will not recommend this game. This is mostly because I was personally disappointed, but you may not be - so don't let that stop you from playing.I hope that there's another Amnesia game in the future, but I hope that next time Frictional Games goes back to how they made The Dark Descent."
,Not Recommended,239200,7832714,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,c2VuZCBudWRlcwo=,no
,Recommended,239200,8282837,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ベンジャミン,"i'm not impressed of the ""pig-vasion""Yet still can scare the crap outta you."
76561197972267848,Not Recommended,239200,8389299,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tracer Bullet,Don't go to Mexico.Bacon is still delicious.
,Not Recommended,239200,8249496,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Snus,"Since it's called Amnesia, one would expect a good horror/adventure. Well, it's not. The game was developed by Dear Esther creators and it shows: you simply move forward solving easy puzzles and occasionally meeting non-scary monsters. I cannot say the game is bad, but it shouldn't be called Amnesia and it's worth a shot only if you liked Dear Esther."
76561198024553476,Not Recommended,239200,8237020,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Chinese Lollipopman,"A main part of this game's plot involves a machine that consumes people and converts them into creatures called manpigs, which are inferior, dumbed-down, shorter, and perverted versions of their former selves.  Throughout the game I couldn't help thinking that if Amnesia: The Dark Descent encountered this machine, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs would be the result."
,Recommended,239200,13755318,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TimurKiyivinski,"Interesting game with an interesting story but definitely too short. The spooks were too cliche, honestly; It got boring really quick. Get this game on sale, not worth the full price."
,Recommended,239200,1479083,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,ARMaster,"Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs...should have been a standalone game.This game is a huge disappointment for me as it eliminates the key features from Amnesia: TDD. In the game you have no inventory system, infinite lamp juice, no scavaging, not so horrifying monsters, and pointless puzzles. It basically is a walking simulator where you just walk and walk and pull levers and spin valves and continue walking. The game is not that scary at all so all the jump scares n all are just not in the game. Only a few things I liked about this game was the mapping and the story. The story was so interesting and great that their main focus was on that than focusing on more gameplay. It's nice to explore the maps like in Dear Esther, but the gameplay is still lacking. There is no point calling it an Amneisa game if it doesnt have what TDD had. It's not about how great the story or mapping is it's about the feel of the game. The feel of being helpless and trying to survive the terror of the monsters who are hunting you down. There is no custom stories for this and even if their was it would still not make up for the lack of gameplay.6/10. Stay with Amneisa: TDD and people might port the♥♥♥♥♥♥from this game into the TDD custom stories. If you want to try this out for the story then wait for a Steam sale."
76561198045179935,Recommended,239200,11792844,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SourPatchAdult,"If you're looking for the sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, I'm sorry but you're horror game is in another spooky mansion. If you're looking for a spooky atmosphere that can only be created by combining the spook-masters at Frictional Games and the narrative masterminds at The Chinese Room (Dear Esther), you've come to the right place.It is true that this game disappoints in the scare department, after experiencing the last Amnesia's diaper fest, but if you go in without those standards it becomes a very enjoyable, narrative driven, atmospheric, horror game. The Chinese Room masterfully uses the sound and ambience of this world to create a spine tingling adventure that isn't so much a ""Scared to go into the next room"" experience, but creates a general nervousness about what's going to happen next.This is one of those games where, if you took off the ""Amnesia"" from the title, it would have been much more critically acclaimed as a worthy successor to Dear Esther. But if you go in with an open mind and no expectations that the name ""Amnesia"" creates, you will enjoy A Machine for Pigs. If you want to play the successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, wait for Soma."
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,239200,8601662,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"AMFP was very dissapointing to me. I personally was all hyped up and couldn't wait for it to come out, since TDD was one of my favorite video games ever. After playing it and realizing I paid for this ""game"", I feel like an idiot.There is no inventory or item management. Gone is sanity and the darkness mechanics. Basically, there are no mechanics at all, even. The only thing you do is walk down boring, empty corridors over and over again. There is no challenge, no difficulty.This would be ok if the game was redeemed with story. However, there was no story either. In the begining, there is kind of a hint at a story. There is something starting to grow, but it gets squished by the time the game ends. The ending is pretty much just a bunch of symbolism and drama. And not in an interesting way, like Bioshock Infinite or the like, but in a ""What just happened?"" way. The game is also full of this silly pig motiff that doesn't really mean anything.""At least it's scary, right?"" Not even close. There are only three times where the monsters can actually kill you. And even then, they can be outrun easily. They're too easy to escape. There is no tension or sense of danger. They're also pig people. When I realized they were pigs, I just let them kill me. I'm out.The final aspect is the puzzles. I was hoping that they would be interesting, logical, fun, and challenging like in penumbra and TDD. No. They consist of physics puzzles that are way too obvious and easy."
,Recommended,239200,12385393,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,napk1ns,Let's be clear - this a is a vastly different game than The Dark Decent. Still. It's really dark and compelling even if the scares aren't laid down too heavy.
76561198028818880,Recommended,239200,15052684,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,UnreAll17,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs uz nie je Amnesia... ale aj tak ide stale o vybornu hororovu adventuru.Je o nieco kratsia a hadanky su podstatne jednoduchsie, ako v pripade The Dark Descent. Mne osobne ta jednoduchost ale neprekazala, ma to rychlejsi spad. Viac ale zamrzi fakt, ze objektov s ktorymi mozete interagovat je uplne minimum a spravidla su to len tie, ktore pouzit musite. Takze su prec situacie so skladanim bedni na seba, alebo ich odsuvanim k objaveniu vzacnych kresadiel, ci oleju do lampy. Tu ma lampa neobmedzenu vydrz a taktiez uz nic cestou okrem dopisov nezbierate, tym padom odpadol aj inventar. Ale ako som pisal, mne osobne to neprekazalo a k A Machine for Pigs som pristupoval ako k samostatnej hre, nie ako k pokracovaniu Amnesie a sklamany som nebol.Vyssie uvedene ale bezproblemov dohana pribehom, atmosferou a hudbou.Pribeh samotny si dovolim tvrdit, ze je zaujimavejsi, ako v pripade prvej Amnesie. Niekto by mohol sice namietat, ale mne osobne prisiel lepsi. Je taky surovejsi, tak nechutne desivejsi a donuti Vas zamysliet sa, pretoze vzdialenejsie odraza aj nasu skutocnu realitu. Atmosfera je to, co mi v tejto hre vazne nechybalo. Bol som napjaty od zaciatku az do konca a velkym dielom k tomu urcite prispeli aj zvukove efekty. Tie spolu s hudbou vytavaraju naozaj velkolepo-posobive a desive sceny.Aj ked ma A Machine for Pigs s The Dark Descent uz len malo spolocneho, tak ju rozhodne doporucujem. Uz len kvoli tej zvukovej stranke ide o skvely zazitok. A nebude mat ani ziadny problem obklopit Vas strachom. Druha Amnesia Vam zabori rypak pod rebra a zahryzne sa do srdca!"
76561198044018605,Not Recommended,239200,17786258,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kravek,"Such a horrible letdown after such a fantastic first game. This game had basically zero monster encounters, and was 10x less scary. After finishing it I couldn't believe it was the sequel to dark decent and created by same people. I was legitimately upset I paid for this game after eagerly waiting for over a year."
76561198050101106,Recommended,239200,31384178,Posted: 26 April,all,moodymeedo,"It's very similar to amnesia the dark descent, even in the graphics. I consider it a run down, different story version of the former. It is, as mentioned in other reviews, very short. I finished it in one run. Overall, it is nice, I would advise you buy it in a sale."
,Recommended,239200,32590669,Posted: 20 June,all,Elapso,"Beautiful soundtrack and good plot, but lame gameplay.6/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww6R9VWy_aQ"
,Not Recommended,239200,31125686,Posted: 13 April,all,Pancake,"It's not THAT bad, but they removed alot of features that makes Amnesia a great game."
76561198035322847,Not Recommended,239200,4302743,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Conor,"As a narrative experience, this is quite good. As an Amnesia game, it's a massive disappointment. Barely half as long as the original game, with very few memorable scenes and completely lacking in scares or tension of any kind, it feels more like a half-baked nod to The Dark Descent rather than a true follow up."
,Recommended,239200,13042481,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Midnight Messiah,"My only disappointment in this game was the SHORT experience it provided.In the first Amnesia game, you were trapped in a surreal castle followed by a dimensional monster while being chased by aquatic ghost monsters and former humans, deformed into monstrous servants. The kicker, though? You were to confront the owner of the castle, an alien disguised as a human noble, from another dimension which defies all imagination.The dimensional guest we are to confront has a motivation for his perseverence in all things. He wants to traverse the dimensions, back to his beloved. After centuries of studying cultures, creatures and the very human nature.This would be a short and unimpressive description of the a fascinating plot which the first game has. Do the fans even care about these things? No, no one cares about the plot reasoning. They just want jumpscares so they can record their own stupidity on youtube.What A Machine for Pigs did, it cut out the cheap jumpscares and introduced a hard-to-digest storyline and a character which most fans can't comprehend or relate to in any way possible. The reaction? Not enough jumpscares.Bottom line, the PewdiePie generation has the last word in any horror game which actively tries to be more than a jumpscare-dispenser."
,Recommended,239200,10271721,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,that's what she said,"Yeap, it is a lot lighter on cheap tricks than The Dark Descent. There won't be huge spiders. So if you are some 15yo schoolgirl - you will like it a lot less than first game and probably will be bored in no time. This game is not about some demons, cults, monsters and castles. It's the game about greed and poverty, about love and ice cold cruelty, it's about charity and power, about family and betrayal. If you are looking for story - A Machine For Pigs easily outbeats The Dark Descent. It's a lot more dark, disturbing and unsettling game. It is a lot more intelligent game. And there is ten times more style. Though this is where it all flaws are - it is too smart for common gamer. You need to actually read and think. And A Machine for Pigs will gnaw into your ribcage."
,Not Recommended,239200,7758086,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AVarietyOfGrant,"A Machine for DisappointmentEdit: But seriously, this game had so much potential behind it, I looked forward to this game maybe a bit too much.While the game itself looks great and plays great, it still feels too restrictive, guiding you down a very linear path, rarely branching off.The exploration I did do still couldn't help the fact that it's a very short game. Take in mind I read through everything I did find, and listened to the story unfold, I even had a bug at the end-game where I wandered around for quite some time until realising I was stuck and had to restart, and I still managed to clock this game in just about 4 hours.If you can get this game cheap, then I would recommend it, but at it's full price, I just can't say yes to it, which is a shame, as it is a game that had great potential to me."
,Not Recommended,239200,8237285,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,skrt_cobain,Not fun. No real challenge involved. No custom maps. Not scary. get The Dark Descent it is way better.
,Not Recommended,239200,8611910,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,SHODANFreeman,"If you loved Amnesia: The Dark Descent, stay away from this.  This game is different in just about every way from the first Amnesia game.  Very few interactive objects, almost no puzzles, very few scary moments, short, unsatisfying.  If you liked Dear Esther for some inexplicable reason, you might enjoy this.  Otherwise, skip it."
76561198105218826,Not Recommended,239200,32461678,Posted: 15 June,all,LadyTargaryen,"I only played a half hour of this game, and I can't bring myself to play any more. I enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, although I didn't love it as much as many other people seem to do. I enjoyed TDD for its tense atmosphere and excellent mechanics, even though I didn't enjoy how the plot was resolved. A Machine for Pigs, however, just left me angry and confused after a mere half hour of playing. Here are my thoughts after my brief foray into this letdown:Pros:- Beautiful graphics. The textures, colors, and overall scenery are very nicely rendered.- I don't want to have only one pro here, so I'll say the voice acting was nice (what little I heard of it).Cons:- This game has entirely gotten rid of the survival mechanics, which are what made TDD enjoyable for me to play, despite my qualms with its storyline. There's no inventory in this game, no health or sanity. Your lantern never runs out, so there's no tense moments where you have to choose between letting your sanity suffer and staying in the dark or using up your precious oil. Omitting these mechanics was a very poor decision in my opinion.- In both games, you start out not knowing where or who you are or what you've meant to do. What TDD does right, however, is give you small breadcrumbs through the letters you find in the very beginning that give you enough information to pinpoint a basic objective and give you a strong desire to delve into the storyline and figure out what is going on in Brennenberg. AMFP, however, gives you no such guidance. The only information you encounter (or at least, that I encountered) can best be described as nonsensical and even downright insane. It's fine to have little information right when the game begins, but I need *something* pretty soon after beginning to give me a sense of direction and make me want to care about the plot. I couldn't care less about this game's plot, which is why I ultimately abandoned it.- In the limited time I played, there was very little challenge. By contrast, there were many moments in TDD that had me scratching my head as to how to proceed. It seems that with the omission of the inventory system, AMFP has also gotten rid of the puzzles that made TDD challenging and intriguing.Admittedly, I do not plan to finish this game, so it's entirely possible this review could be wholly wrong and the game could turn out to be great. I don't think I'll ever find out, though, because the first half hour put me off from it so much. Don't waste your time. 4/10"
,Recommended,239200,7472572,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Buttonbasher,A surprising sequel to Dear Esther.
,Recommended,239200,7607673,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Justin Cole,If you love horror games then you will love this Amnesia title. I do have to say though that it's not as scary as the original. Feel free to check out my full review on my YouTube channel (vid should be on Steam) if interested in the game.
76561198083109306,Not Recommended,239200,18078256,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,BigDanthel,pls dont buy it.
76561198089933978,Recommended,239200,35027622,Posted: 17 September,all,Plutie,"A really sick horror game. very good and emersive, plz play this one at night with the lights off :)"
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,239200,24384972,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dasbooby,"Nice work Chinese Room, way to ruin this game.  Can't really say I'm surprised this was so bad after playing Dear Terrible by them.  Take everything good about the first Amnesia, get rid of it, and you have this piece of garbage.  No inventory, no sanity, infinite lantern, mostly nonsensical story, and no challenge.  You spend most of the game walking/running down long corridors.  ""Puzzles"" consist mostly of you touching a switch in one room, which will let you go touch a switch in another room, which lets you continue to the next long corridor.  Occasionally you have the real brainburner ""puzzle"" of inserting two objects into something (fuses, vials, coal, gears), which will of course then allow you to press a switch, which of course allows you to continue to the next long corridor.  You figure out pretty early on that there aren't going to be many enemy encounters, which removes most of the horror.  There might be 4 enemy encounters throughout the course of the game, all of which are very easy to get through.  Even the ""final boss"" is a joke.  He appears and then you press two switches in the room you're in and he goes away.  Way to work hard on that idea guys.Seeing as how everything else about this game is terrible, you'd think there would at least be a decent story, but there isn't.  You get what's happening pretty quickly, though the how and why take a while to develop.  I'll save you a little time, this guy doesn't like people.  He does, however, love pigmen.  Now, as the story goes on, I began to question his pigman masterplan.  It seemed like there might be a few flaws in it.  Towards the end, it began to appear that I was wrong to ever doubt his evil schemes.  Apparently, the small army of pigmen are well coordinated and too powerful for normal people to handle.  This criminal mastermind's dastardly plan for world domination and the extinction of humanity was underway.  I then began to question new flaws in his plan, such as the very large issue of getting the pigmen army out of England and to the mainland continents.  I wondered about the navigational ability of the pigmen.  Would they be able to board ships and navigate the high seas?  Would they be able to read the maps or would they just kind of float around until they wrecked somewhere?  If they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillaged after landing, would they be Viking Pigmen?  Fortunately, the hero of the game kept me from having to wonder to much about these questions, as he destroyed the pigman making machine and saved the world...... except from the small pigmen army which had previously been released and was currently running amok and killing people.  RIP England.  You'll be remembered as the country that was overwhelmed by the awesome military might of the pigmen.There was one part of the game that I did enjoy.  That was when I got to enter into his secret creeper room, where he drew sexy photos of his wife while watching her bathe through a one way mirror.  She never suspected a thing.To wrap this up, this game sucks.  I'm reluctant to even call it a game.  You spend most of the game walking around being bored and wanting it to end.  Especially terrible are the parts where the game forces you to walk in slow motion.  This game kind of reminds me of Dear Terrible, except it's 4 hours long instead of 40 minutes, and you get to press a button now and then instead of not being able to do anything.  It also has 100% more pigmen in it then their other game."
,Not Recommended,239200,14039031,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,A disappointment to the Amnesia name!
,Not Recommended,239200,30822082,Posted: 29 March,all,Telnik,Not exactly my cup of tea but it certainly has atmosphere. Feels rather linear but the storyline just didn't hold me in particular.
,Recommended,239200,12454881,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Burnin' Noumander,Simulate what it's like to own the world's most appropriately unreliable lantern.
,Not Recommended,239200,7895694,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,★Loudstorm★,"This part of Amnesia is bad, very short and didn't make me feel scared. First part better than second."
,Not Recommended,239200,8262860,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Morty Smith,10/10 would not slam. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for a sequel. Might as well have just been another modded custom story for amnesia because this♥♥♥♥♥♥was shorter and more dissapointing than my sex life.
,Not Recommended,239200,24354088,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DracoMalus,"This is one of the most boring games I've ever played.  It's extremely linear, not very challenging, and the overall story is pretty darn stupid.  This game isn't really scary nor is it compelling."
,Recommended,239200,916548,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Vehmeriino,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a kind of a mix between the previous Amnesia game and Dear Esther, and the resulting product is certainly not everyones cup of tea. The game is a very streamlined version of Amnesia with all of the survival and most of the horror elements removed. However what remains is kinda very good but not reminicent of the previous game. You just kind of walk around and listen and read the well written story while listening to the excellent sound design and soundtrack. There are some enemies in the game, but they don't look very threatening and you can easily outrun them. The lack of threat and pressure is a major letdown, and while the sound design is impressive, it is at best only unnerving and not at all scary.In true The Chinese Room fashion the game is also very artsy and pretentious and it is very lacking in its forms of engaging with the game world. That might annoy some people who just want to play something with more clearly presented story and substantial gameplay.I myself enjoyed most of the game, and I was kind of expecting something like this when I heard The Chinese Room is involved. You just need to tackle A Machine for Pigs with an open mind and not expect it to be like the original Amnesia, and maybe you'll find something to enjoy in this game.The game gets a recommendation from me, but only barely."
,Not Recommended,239200,7749579,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Nexcoyocoatl,"A very simple story posed as deep and philosophical with it's constant use of pedantic - though superficial - purple prose.When the story falls short, it's just a very mediocre game. Repetitive and dull level design, puzzles that are only there for the purpose of stopping the player when trying to advance on the narrative, artificial and limited gameplay and physics, and a horrible purpleish filter on dark areas.While playing the game, it felt like a really lame visual novel."
76561198080698498,Recommended,239200,12335263,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,"Amnesia A machine for pigs is a new twist on the series. Its heavily focuses on story then action but its not as bad as I make it sound. M4P is actually well thought out and can really make you think a bit. Its not a long game, and in fact its not totally scary, but it is fun and I had a lot of respect for its story. I really hope to see another one like this."
,Not Recommended,239200,21578761,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,sps96,"Did you play Frictional Games' 2011 masterpiece, ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent?'[If the answer is yes, continue reading, if the answer is no, put on some good ol' Country Dubstep and perform a quick 'double-Van Gogh' while I speak to those Internet folk who have.]Take a brief moment and numerically quantify your level of enjoyment of ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent."" Done? Good. We'll call this value ""x.""Now, we'll ask  a hypothetical version of you, one that has purchased and played ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" to numerically quantify your hypothetical level of enjoyment for this game. Finished? Excellent, we'll call this second value ""y.""Alright. The easy part is over. Now comes the hard part: it's going to involve math, and it's going in dry...so clench your buttcheeks. Clench them HARD!y = -xNow, if you're saying to yourself, ""What do these strange symbols mean? AllIlearned in me school days was how to potato,"" fear not—just look below.One's enjoyment level of ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" is inversely proportional to their enjoyment level of ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent.""Get it? Got it? Traumatized? Good.END OF REVIEW.(It is now safe to un-clench your buttcheeks.)"
,Not Recommended,239200,10184872,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,"And yet again the make a game that could have become very awesome really crap because of the console players.This Game is nothing like Amnesia, it is not scary and the puzzels are to easy besides of that you can barly pick stuff up and mess around with it. You also have endless light, and if there is a monster it tells you by flickering. Amnesia is one of the scariest games in Game Histroy, this one tho, is just one big♥♥♥♥♥bad joke. It is totally not worth your money, go and burn it. You have more fun with that trust me."
76561198083140597,Recommended,239200,23026565,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Theater Thug,"Machine for Pigs is more than a game. For me it was one of those rare pieces of media that completely changed my philosophy of human life. If you are looking for some good let's play material or more gameplay based horror like Outlast (great game, but in different ways) then this is not for you. If you are interested in story rich games and philosophy, however, you will love this game."
76561198078087504,Not Recommended,239200,23954308,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheTinGod,A really interesting horror game with a reasonable atmosphere but very little action.
,Not Recommended,239200,7809046,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Kwentin,"Machine for Pigs doesn't really express the same style of horror that Amesia: Dark Descent brought. The game has many features that destroys the scare elements. One being the lamp/light that alerts you when there are pigs nearby. I believe this ruins the surprise element. It's almost telling you when to be frightened rather than experiencing it naturally. I hope that in the future Frictional Games does not work with The Chinese Room. The models were not too frightening, just large pigs. There pigs are much more open to the player, making the interaction less scary/special rather than an encounter with a grunt in The Dark Descent."
,Not Recommended,239200,7545620,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdnTuoKktOY&list=PL0E56219EE956754EAmnesia: A Machine for Pigs: Not quite as scary or fun as its predecessor, A Machine for Pigs still is a well-made horror game. Its atmosphere, sound design and graphics overall are really well done and the story told by The Chinese Room here is quite interesting as well. For $20.00 USD you really could do a lot worse, and A Machine for Pigs is certainly great quality for its price. The short comings are the fact that it is part of a series and with that comes some basic expectations which are completely removed in this installment. You won’t be dealing with insanity, inventory, lamp oil, tinderboxes; basically you won’t worry about much in this game aside from the monsters. Your lantern never runs out of energy and puzzles are fairly easy because you can only interact with so much.  You can definitely tell they focused more on the story and background than on anything else since most of it is removed. The other minuscule annoyance comes from the frequency of notes in the game. There are a ton of them, the font used in-game is sometimes a pain to read (this comes down to the individual) and a large portion of the game seems to rely on these notes.  Overall, A Machine for Pigs is a decent horror game and a good first attempt by The Chinese Room, but as an Amnesia title it is definitely a step backwards and fans of the series will walk away wanting more. This is a bit tough since the game is of great quality for the price of admission but it comes as a tough full on recommendation for  fans, and newcomers would be better served to play the previous installments before playing A Machine for Pigs.-Middle of the Road from RoyialVideo Reviews can be found at:www.youtube.com/user/RoyialNetwork"
,Recommended,239200,7760719,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,FatKidWitAJetPak,"I don't get why people are hating on this game. I personally felt it ws beautifully crafted by the hands of a small group of clearly passionate individuals who wanted to offer a different, immersive, and story driven title with a backbone of suspense. No, you don't blow off the heads of zombies or exagerate your way through a maze of bullets and fire. This game isn't meant to be a typical, run of the mill shooter. In fact, the sole reason for a first person perspective is to offer a perspective from the protagnist. It really sucks you into a wonderfully dark world. I was on the edge of my seat throughout gameplay, never expecting what was going to scream at me from the corner or grind from above. The complexity of the machine you explore, followed by the well-written plot, crystal detailed graphics, and whimsical voice acting, makes this game a gem in todays market. I recommend it for anyone who wants an atmospheric and progressive story with a twist of horror and symbolism. This game will make you think and it will make your heart thump from time to time. Give it a whirl, it's really not all that expensive, and you will be supporting a wonderful team of people I feel should continue working on such quality content.As for those of you who played the first one, along with me, your in for a treat. The team defintley wanted to offer a different taste in the Amnesia universe. Your going to love it.10/10"
,Recommended,239200,59567,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,SnarKs,"The Chinese Room did an excellent job creating a fantastic and truly horrifying experience.I feel the story was very well crafted. Reading all the notes and journals really shape up a pretty horrific tale.Gameplay is pretty much what you would expect from previous Frictional games. The only real big difference is no inventory system. So this time around you aren't running around collecting items and putting them in your inventory. Thats not to say you dont need to go find items though, or flip some switches. But theres definitely not as much of retrieving items.Theres no puzzles really either this time. Everything is a bit more straight forward. The game focuses primarily on telling a horrific story and using the environment to set fear in the player.TLDR?; A great horror experience."
,Not Recommended,239200,26565961,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,EXPERIMENTONGOD,"Yet another walking simulator, the atmosphere is cool so it's playable, but the original Amnesia is WAY better. This thing barely has any puzzles in it. It took me 3.7hours to complete (I'm glad it was short honestly). Even the achievements are bugged and don't register."
,Not Recommended,239200,7957998,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rubber,"If you're looking for another Dark Descent, avoid this game. It's not made by Frictional Games, only published by them; it's actually made by The Chinese Room. It's an inferior game (in my opinion). I don't know why Frictional would let their IP be tainted like this but I guess they needed the quick buck. Frictional is developing the actual Amnesia 2, called ""SOMA"" which comes out in 2015, so look forward to that instead."
,Not Recommended,239200,7905484,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The Chemical Dragon,"Short, predictable, linear gameplay. Player is never in any 'real' danger, death only sets you back a few paces, and you carry on. Monsters are easy to dodge, or put in places to hurry you through the scenery. Storyline is Great, Musical score, also Great. Gameplay though....just..youtube it. A for effort The Chinese Room. But not butt watering explosive diariah scary like Silent Hill 2."
,Not Recommended,239200,7626314,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, the much anticipated indirect sequel to Frictional Games' blockbusting indy horror hit The Dark Descent. Bringing in the writing power of TheChineseRoom (makers of Dear Esther) and delaying the game's release in order to better meet the expectations of the consumer base it was widely expected that aMfP would be a smash hit...In reality, it's very disappointing.The first of many flaws is the absolute removal of almost all the interactivity that made the first game so immersive, the player can no longer pick up/throw objects like in The Dark Descent, making the game feel so much more restrictive alongside it's extremely linear level design.Secondly, the challenge of the game is almost non-existant with the unnecessary removal of the Insanity mechanic, and the light has unlimited use, these two poor choices of gameplay make aMfP seem more like a cheap Slender ripoff than anything that can rightfully bear the title of an Amnesia game.Finally, the story is nearly the polar opposite of The Dark Descent, instead of being compelling and interesting the story for A Machine for Pigs is drab and uninteresting, completely failing to capture my interest and leaving no memorable moments (they resorted to using the ""creepy little children"" archetype, a telltale sign of desparation for a scare factor).Since I loved TheChineseRoom's previous game, Dear Esther, and I greatly respect their ability to convey story, I left A Machine for Pigs feeling all the more dissapointed. Frictional Games and TheChineseRoom let the Amnesia fanbase down, and should have payed more attention to what made The Dark Descent the king of the horror genre.So no, I do not recommend A Machine for Pigs."
,Not Recommended,239200,7917945,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Thoran,Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs tries very hard to deliver a scary story and to draw you into the gameworld. Unfortunately during the game I never found a connection to the player character and the world felt sterile and boring. The rough story plot was obvious after just a couple of levels.If you want a scary game where you will fear for your player character and if you do not mind the often used insane asylum plot try Outlast.
,Not Recommended,239200,2241957,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Songbird // ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"First off, before I start this review, I want to say that I TRIED to like it. Even forced myself to like it.But me, and the friends who have played the counterpart, have both agreed they took a major part away from Amnesia, namely...The InventoryThe inventory is what defined most of Amnesia, if I'm fair, holding items crucial to the story, and player development. When they took this away, they cut a major part from the story, in my opinion. You are now bound to weird phones, and dragging things along for 3 levels. (Exaggerated)This was a major downfall for me, because the predecessor had this so well done.One of the good things I found, is that the monsters do not dissapear after you die, but instead keep patrolling. I have got to admit, I got frustrated, but none the less, a good feature.Then on to the enemies, who help you in the cages. They are extremely dumb, and can be easily avoided by a hit-'n-run tactic. Just gotta wait your time. This was also a huge letdown for me, as they remained oblivious to you, when you already reached the next room, and gave up chasing you, thus ending in really easy enemies.I could of forgiven SO much about it, though, if it wasn't for the biggest dissapointment of all.The StoryThe story makes absolute zero sense, about some guy going to the Nevada desert, or whatever else got sand, coming back, getting ill, and his children have vanished, and all of a sudden pigs roam the castle. I mean,COME... ON.... This is original, yet SO crummily put together.Two hours into the game, and I set it down, and never finished it since.IT honestly pains me to give the second part of the game, such a bad review, but this leaves me nothing else but a sad, low 2.5 in my book.As much as I'd like to say the contrary, it's not worth the buy, if you're in for a good experience."
,Not Recommended,239200,8626371,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Wellbasically,Bad.
,Not Recommended,239200,8632461,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Orbit,"This game failed on so many levels. 1. Pacing was terrible. 2. The scares were not scary. 3. The ""beast"" that ""chased"" you was a joke. 3. The Plot was ""meh"" at best. I highly recommend Outlast over this game. You'll get much more enjoyment out of that game. Take my word on this."
76561198098446171,Not Recommended,239200,8688122,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"If you've played the first game and are expecting this to be similar just turn around and save your money. A machine for pigs has nothing in common with the first game. The major elements that made the first game successful were removed for a narrative feature that falls short of its intentions. I understand that the game world was supposed to be a giant metaphor for the title of the game but I highly doubt the average gamer/person will think that far. I was not scared/jittery/nervous/jumpy at any point during my experience mainly because when I saw the monster it looked like an emboar reject model. I thought the monster from the last game looked cheesy but this one just made me laugh every time I saw to the point where it robbed the game of the horror element for me. On top of being an inferior monster the AI on the pig monster is incredibly, I mean incredibly low. If you turn off your lantern or pick up a box (assuming you can pick one up because you can rarely interact with items in this game) and put it in front of your face the pig will sniff the air, turn around and walk away. It doesn't chase you, doesn't break down doors, it just leaves.  I may be coming across as a bit harsh but when trying to build on a previous success and use the same name/title when creating it certain expectations are put on it. That said this shouldn't have been called an amnesia title and should have been a standalone game. Overall their is nothing wrong with the game itself, its is playable and the mechanics work (though it is incredibly short). I wouldn't pay full price for this and give it a 6/10."
,Not Recommended,239200,9146894,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,RadioThax,"What an absolute load of old tosh and piffle! Not remotely scary, dumbed down version of the first Amnesia, avoid like an incestuous syphilitic uncle!"
,Not Recommended,239200,9151361,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Volanna,"What can I say about this game....? If you are looking for something like The Dark Descent, it isn't this. The atmosphere was ruined by the lack of inventory managment and sanity meter that you had to watch so closely in the first game. So it eased up on the pressure on the player. There was also no puzzles in this game. In the first you had to figure things out in order to proceed in the game, but without these obstacles it made the game far too linear. Now the jumpscares were fine for the first third of the game, but after you have your first real encounter with the monsters, they seem cheap and less scary then what was probably intended.I will say this for the game, there were two things I liked. Number one, the story. Most people that played Amnesia, played it for the scares. If you were one of the few that liked the story and gathering all the notes in the first one then yeah, this one is interesting. At first all the notes and diaries are out of order so it's all very confusing, but slowly over the course of the game you starting getting the larger scope of the picture. I personally found the plot interesting, but it was also very much like Doctor Who christmas special. By the credits you would think Moffat wrote this game.The real thing I liked about this game was the soundtrack. That I happily bought off of amazon mp3 and felt I got my money's worth. The game itself....not so much.Not with all the hype they put up about it for over a year of worths of delays.  Also the lack of ability to do custom stories makes it not really worth the price that is regular. If you absolutely want to play this game, wait until it goes on steam sale and then get it. Don't pay full price."
,Not Recommended,239200,22967254,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,tehsneaker,"Imagine playing a game thats a giant metaphor for ""capitalizm is bad guyzzzzz"". Because thats what you get. Now i know you were expecting a game that was spooky and scary and you know amnesia like; well too bad because instead you get this pile of garbage"
,Not Recommended,239200,11850536,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,┐AkH└ Butcher,"Infinite electricity in your lamp. No use of tinder boxes. Enemies are predictable, because their presence interferes with electrical sources, including your lamp. And a huge lack of jump scares. This is not the game I anticipated. Dark Decent player mods put this sequel to shame."
,Recommended,239200,26839977,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rasnauf,"""Best Use of a Farm Animal""/10"
76561197996243398,Not Recommended,239200,33102574,Posted: 1 July,all,Beachi,"Too much walking simulator, not enough game."
,Recommended,239200,19131442,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,InfernoSniper5m,atmphosmeric...scary...awesomeone of the best horror games ever.
76561198030096654,Recommended,239200,20274792,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,noma,dont know ok i guess
,Recommended,239200,12869802,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Reidar,Awesome game with an awesome ending.This really isn't in the same class horrorwise as amnesia the dark descent.They should have released this as a new game and not a sequel.
,Not Recommended,239200,8944372,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,waterbottles,"Terrible game. NO scares at all, ok atmostphere but thats it. boring story, absolutely nothing like Amnesia: The Dark Decent.  Very short too.  In all just a terrible boring game, thats not scary at all."
,Not Recommended,239200,11073045,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,CripplingAnxiety™,"I decided to not recommend this game as Amnesia the dark descent is a better horror (in my opinion). Although the story was what carried me through in this game it was more because I wanted to see if there was any references to Daniel, Alexander and Castle Brennenburg.Do not misunderstand this game in itself is a good horror and if you played this game as your first horror you'd most likely s**t yourself.. but after battling through Brennenburg this game feels underwhelming."
,Not Recommended,239200,7889547,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Grunt the Expensive Ghost Prop,"The first Amnesia game was a very decent survival horror game. It had spooky environments, enemies, and overall a good story and experience.This game on the other hand takes away too much of the elements that were in the first game to feel like an Amnesia game. Inventory system is completely gone, no custom stories, looking at enemies doesn't drain sanity, and overall less scary environments and less scary moments. If you are expecting the same experience from the first game don't even bother with this game."
76561198041763691,Not Recommended,239200,7867020,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Young Stalin,"This game is short, there's a few bugs, isn't really scary and hasn't got the amnesia custom stories... This game just shouldn't have been called amnesia."
,Recommended,239200,13231248,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,drive by cockslapper,"Don't treat this like an Amnesia game, and I can guarantee you'll enjoy the hell out of this game.This is probably the best horror game I've played since...Well ever. And for reference, I've played Silent Hill 1-3, Condemned Criminal Origins, Alien Isolation, and System Shock 1-2.Graphics:Not the best in terms of optimization, but it makes effective use of late 1890's English Industrial architecture to create an incredibly grimy world. I honest to god felt the need to take a shower after playing this game. Textures are a bit inconsistent in quality, and the scenery changes are a little jarring. Effective use of lighting, even if it looks a little off.Sound:Incredible. Voice acting is great and the writing is likewise. Sound design is near-immaculate, nearly every effect fits the world and it's atmosphere. Music is fantastic.Gameplay:Minimalist. Doesn't feel like an Amnesia game in this aspect, as the original's point-and-click-esque gameplay has been stripped to the bone. No sanity meter, no lantern fuel, no inventory management, and the puzzles never really go further than ""bring object X to room Y about ten feet away every 20 minutes or so"". The linear nature of AMFP may turn off many, but it works with the story enough to not be too much of a problem. Not a whole lot of replayability. I played through two 6-hour playthroughs and felt kind of done with the game, I'll probably never play through again. The actual monster encounters are few and far between (easily countable on your hands the number of times you're actually in danger), but the few it does have are effective.Story:Grim as hell and with the best ending in a game since Spec Ops: The Line. Might come off as pretentious to some, and the pacing is a little bizarre, but it's definitely one of the highlights of this game. The atmosphere is brilliantly done, and by the time the game is over, you really feel like stuff happened and you were responsible, which is more than most games can claim.OVERALL:8/10Not recommendable to:People who think horror games are just for jumpscares and intense moments of fear. AMFP delivers a couple of those, but not nearly as The Dark Descent. AMFP knows what it's trying to be: a horror game. It's trying to horrify you a dark story and some really ♥♥♥♥ed up visuals and events, where The Dark Descent kind of fell flat. If you liked TDD for it's gameplay, go play Outlast or Alien Isolation.Recommendable to:People who liked Silent Hill 2 but hated its puzzles. Atmosphere is key, and both SH2 and AMFP have the best in the genre."
,Not Recommended,239200,25055418,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SurvivalHorrorNetwork4K,"played this right after amnesia the dark descent. not the same feeling riddles are dumbed down, scares are lacking and the monsters aren't creepy at all. also a very short game in comparison to the first one."
76561197971904852,Not Recommended,239200,12424940,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Pangen [פ],"Let me put it like this. Pigs...are....not....scary. They could be, if you don't let them see the monsters that they are so quick and in lighting that gives it all away. I found this game very boring and when it all hits the fan(not trying to spoil it), it's so obviously scripted that I actually felt scared for the first time. Scared for my healthbill on my anger manegment invoice efter I played this game. But hey, they had a train in there which is nice.(The sound was pretty nice actually)"
,Not Recommended,239200,7533366,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Erodeas,"This game is a complete and utter disappointment if you expected a game of the same caliber as Amnesia the Dark Descent or the Penumbra series.The gameplay elements of the game has been dumbed down severly and gotten rid of the inventory system entirely. The light system has been ruined by giving you an electrical lamp with un-limited charge and electrical desk lamps strewn about which you can either turn on or off, no more thinking about which candles to light or not with your tinderboxes.Storywise its not as mysterious or interesting as the Dark Descent one, and it is pretty predictable.Plenty of cheap jump scares strewn about that essentially kill the scare factor of the game by a lot due to the predictability.Map design and layout is nothing but a bunch of tight corridoors in boring mazelike patterns, pretty much pulling you along a one directional ride, the exploration factor of the former game is gone entirely.The only good parts about this game is the sound design and music. Which are still top notch and put you on the edge most of the time.Bottomline is.Unless you are a diehard fan of Amnesia and just want to play for the sake of it, then go ahead. But if you expect something better and scary as Dark Descent was, then stay away to keep yourself clean from this utter filth which should not share the title name of 'Amnesia'.I fully regret my purchase of this game."
76561198047210101,Not Recommended,239200,7817589,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DawnOfTheLastDay,"I do not recommend this in the slightest. Basically all the elements that were prevelent in The Dark Descent were stripped from it. The game itself was way to fricken short, and though it was a bit scary, it wasn't nearly as terrifying as the first was.Two things that really screwed up this game for me was the lantern and the inventory system. The lantern burning forever was a blatenet mistake. One thing that made you absolutly terrified in the first game was knowing that you were going to be in the dark and out of oil soon.And the inventory system? There was none! Yet another mistake.The game itself has beautiful visuals and the story line was pretty decent, not nearly as f-ed as the original, but still. The controls were a lot better, so i guess that that's what this game has going for it.I will say though, the music was amazing. Sadly, thats the best thing about this game."
76561198067665477,Recommended,239200,15059990,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,prepaidgame,The ending of this game has got to be one of the best video game history!
,Recommended,239200,15084933,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,*just screaming*,Its good
76561197991480934,Recommended,239200,23047260,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ArcZero1,"A Machine For Pigs is a worthy successor to A Dark Descent, giving an atmospheric fear and heart pounding chases through unfamiliar places, the game tells a good story through narrative between levels and various notes and events within the levels.While it is technically more of the same, the game felt fresh and polished compared to its predecessor.9/10"
76561198039399924,Recommended,239200,4585417,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Blackburn,"Хоррор из разряда: до мурашек. Игра мало чем похожа на первую часть и пугают  здесь не так часто. Но атмосфера это что-то с чем-то:  непередаваемо жуткая, мрачная и тягучая. По ощущениям она очень напоминает  Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth, нежели Амнезию. Дизайн уровней - выше всяких похвал, музыка- шикарная. Любителям атмосферных игр ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ски советую!"
76561198213704945,Recommended,239200,24526048,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Valgash 98,"If you like horror-games,this game is perfect for you,it is very horror for a game.for a horror game 10/10for a simple game 8.50/10"
76561197970595155,Not Recommended,239200,11073379,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Polishganxta,"This game is bad. Reason why it is bad are the following-Story drags on to long. It feels uninspired, which makes it boring.I think it's pseudo-metaphoric. The narration tries to sound very enigmatic, but fails in the process.-Gameplay is a total lackluster. This game is completely on rails. Most of the time you are wandering in a straight line. You never have any real choice were you want to go. Don't be fooled by many doors you see on screenshots. Basically you move in a big corridor.-the monsters are only scary at first, only to become annoying later down the line, as you progress through the game. This is a problem with many horror games, however Amnesia the Dark Descent conquered this issue by showing enemies less frequent, which also helped in making the game more atmospheric. A good horror game does not need to have monster all to the time, just to be scary.-I regret buying this game, it's a complete joke compared to the dark descent. If you think about it, it sort of makes sense, since it wasn't made by the same studio. It lacks atmosphere, gameplay and choice. Everything the first game had to no ends."
,Not Recommended,239200,9535273,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,HJWeapon,"Very bad, brings shame on the first Amnesia game.3/10"
,Recommended,239200,8612687,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,farm the slime,pig men
76561197990404620,Not Recommended,239200,14602538,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Twitch008,"Very weak when compared to the initial game. No inventory. No night vision, No health or sanity meters. No tinder boxes. No serious puzzles. Just a series of jump scares and wandering hallways where you can't interact with anything. I was very disappointed to say the least."
76561197970384883,Recommended,239200,7317960,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,FHDA,67% smal but a grait snak
,Recommended,239200,2821778,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Ninty,Great story.Just not scary.
,Recommended,239200,7745972,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Asbear,"People saying AMfP sucks need to shaddup! It's not as good as TDD on most levels, but it's still an awesome game. It's a very different Amnesia from its predecessor but that doesn't mean it isn't still scary or has a good story, so skipping this is the most regrettable decision you could make in your entire LAIF!"
76561198079411736,Recommended,239200,7747641,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Microsoft Excel,Amazing.
,Recommended,239200,7782070,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,HONK GNAG,GG. spooky.
76561197998221307,Not Recommended,239200,14445927,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GrandGunman,"I wish Steam had a another option for recommendation that is in between yes and no because Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is neither a good horror game or a bad one. If you're interested in this title it's probably because you played Amnesia: The Dark Descent and were really hoping for a proper sequel, but sadly A Machine for Pigs by comparison is inferior in every way. The world doesn't have that same sense of despair, the monsters are a lot less scary even to look at, infact I want to know how some are a threat because some of them are smaller than you? The story leaves a lot to be desired and it started to lose me a little past the halfway point. The game has had many featers striped away including interaction with enviorment the like rummaging through the drawers and closets, So a sense of exploration is removed. The sanity meter was removed so you can look at the monsters and have that sense of horror removed because you can visually study the creators. The only thing this game does right is it sets a the atmosphere properly with its environments but thats about all it does. I really tried to look at this game for its own merits and not compare it to much to its predecessor, but its rather unavoidable. Even if I did A Machine for Pigs is just simply a short and basic indie survival horror game played once then abandoned. I understand this game was developed by The Chinese Room and that would explain the lack of content because The Chinese Room are known for making experiences more than games."
,Not Recommended,239200,14763227,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Sexy Lamp,Way too short and not scary.
76561198022418595,Not Recommended,239200,11846698,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,I cannot get this game to run right. I tried running it on two different high end gaming PC's and it stutters so much that I don't even want to play it. I tried editing the sound files using notepad ++ which is suppose to fix the problem but it didn't.
,Not Recommended,239200,8448834,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,am berd fuk yo windshield,Not worth.
,Not Recommended,239200,16312243,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ｉｎｏｒｉｅｎ,"It's like an extremely bad custom story for Dark Descent with many of the good elements removed. The only redeeming feature of this game is the increase in variety of locations and levels compared to Dark Descent, but is otherwise stripped of all qualities which made Dark Descent what it is. The story was strange (not interesting), enemies were not a challenge to avoid nor particularly bothersome, and the heart-pumping element of danger that Dark Descent so well induced is completely absent. This does not deserve the title of Amnesia and is not a game I would pay for given another chance."
,Not Recommended,239200,14930620,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"The horror game which is not scary is an utter failure of game design. The monsters that don't scare you, but evoke pity instead are even worse failure. The pipes that endlessly lead nowhere are not the best choice for the level decoration.Also you can't throw chairs anymore, buuuh!"
,Not Recommended,239200,14287627,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,☣ BioӇaƵarD ☣,"Lost interest really quick. Buy Amnesia: The Dark Descent- Not scary (In my opinion)- No Challenge- No insanity bar- No lantern oil- Really repetative- Monsters take no skill to hide from.What sums up the game is you run around this big machine building/base/room thing, and pull a bunch of levers that make noise. I didn't bother finnishing it because I felt it wasnt even worth it.Buy Amnesia: The Dark DescentBuy Amnesia: The Dark DescentBuy Amnesia: The Dark DescentBuy Amnesia: The Dark DescentBuy Amnesia: The Dark DescentBuy Amnesia: The Dark DescentBuy Amnesia: The Dark DescentIt's so much better."
,Not Recommended,239200,15685735,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"like the dark descent, only terrible."
,Not Recommended,239200,15800224,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,David~,"Very boring. You have the lamp at all times and lighting is very poor without it so you just keep it out all the time anyway. There is no inventory screen and no tinder boxes, so the gameplay is very different from the first Amnesia, and all of the Penumbra games as well. It behaves more like a sightseeing adventure than an exploration and the world doesn't feel threatening."
,Not Recommended,239200,7962356,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Joman,"Like many who bought the brilliant Amnesia: The Dark Descent, I was hesitant to listen to the negative reviews of this ""sequel"" and instead opted to focus more on the positive ones and give Machine For Pigs a chance.  Boy, was that a mistake and a waste of $20.So much of what made the first game great is gone.  No longer is there an inventory system incorporating smart, fun puzzle-solving.  Gone is the sanity system, and with it much of the tension that comes with encountering foes.  And last but certainly not least, gone is the ability to explore and fully interact with the environment.  99% of the objects you encounter can't be interacted with, i.e. you can't open most cabinets, go off the beaten path, scour for interesting items that enhance the story, none of that.  I don't know where certain reviewers are coming from when they talk about how great the atmosphere is in this game.  When you're surrounded by the exact same objects as the first Amnesia game, yet you can't touch them or explore for some reason, it pulls you straight out of the game world.  Side note: I have a very powerful system which can run Amnesia: The Dark Descent at full settings at 60fps... it would seem that The Chinese Room didn't do a very job of making this a stable game on top of it all because this game runs like garbage.  It's hard to be consumed by the atmosphere of the game when you can barely do anything and it's glitching all the time.But on to the story.  Simply put, it's crap.  It focuses so heavily on the ""pig"" metaphor that after a while, you'll grow tired of hearing the word.  The voice acting is weak and the dialogue and scattered notes are pretentious.  The Dark Descent had such style and such a rich story.  This game seems to me like an uninspired cash-in.Listen to all the other reviews.  Stick to The Dark Descent and if you've beat that, get your hands on Outlast.  Both of those games will be staying on my hard drive whereas this one will be getting uninstalled and probably never revisited once I've finished it and feel like I got my money's worth."
76561197970549991,Recommended,239200,9090916,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,RedFox,"Overall, it wasn't that scary, and the experience is closer to Dear Esether in that it's a narrated experience of traversing environments. The puzzles amount to 'pull the lever on the wall right in front of you to open the door' level of difficulty, and unlike Dear Esther, you can be killed by the rare enemies present, but it's still barely a game.Still, I got it for cheap and enjoyed it for the couple of hours it took to walk through it, but if you're expecting a horror game, it's not going to fill that need."
76561198053582167,Not Recommended,239200,9171411,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pszemeg ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,i was shocked... i waited so long for this game but it dissapointed me... i cri evrytim... there is barely any action and the game has way too much places to go to that will not get you anywhere... its just a tease... its totaly not worth it... the Dark Descent was pretty cool so i bough this aswell but as i said this is a huge dissapointment... WELL BUT THATS MY OPINION SO DONT KILL ME ! buy it if you want but dont say that i never warned you !
76561198042859938,Recommended,239200,8591089,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,Somewhat disappointing game. Scariness is same level as in amusement park rides and enemies make you laugh.Conclusion: Play Outlast
76561198011751840,Not Recommended,239200,9135443,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Moonfox,"Short Review: The game was a disappointment. I was expecting the whole hog and all I got was scrawny pork chops. While I can't recommend-recommend the game, I wouldn't say don't play it. Just expect to feel a little empty inside afterwards, especially if you liked the first game.Long Review: I am a fan of the first Amnesia game. It had a fantastic setting, dark and gritty and wonderfully oppressive. And it had an interesting lead and while Daniel was a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you could feel for the guy. You got to get inside of his head, got to feel his fear, experience his unknowing at what was going on. You and Daniel got to experience the game together (him with fresh eyes at the horrors he did, you; the player, progressing through the story). And it was a good game. A great game even: Simple enough of a story that it wasn't overly complex and yet engaging.Then came Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. When I first started to follow the game's production, I was thrilled that they were making a sequel. I didn't know where they would take the game, since the endings to the first one left little wiggle room for a second, but I was eager all the same. Then I learned Fractional Games wasn't making it. I started to feel a little uneasy about the game then. But it would be alright, right? They wouldn't just hand off one of their titles off to someone that didn't know what they were doing, right?Then I heard the Chinese Room was making it. Now, when I learned this, I had just finished playing one of their other games ""Dear Ester"" (Just...biggest waste of money -ever-). Now I started to feel some real dread. I worried about what the game would hold, but I decided to try and keep an open mind.So when it came out, and I played it, I liked it well enough as I was going through it: The environment was lovely and the little glimpses of the main's children were a nice creepy touch. But then the ending to the game came and I started to feel unsatisfied. And afterwards: Unhappy. The story was complex in the worst possible way. The character's internal narrative bogged down the story, making it difficult to follow in some places and in the end, I felt no sympathy towards him. I was glad he died, he deserved it, no matter how much the game wanted to put some sort of Jekyll and Hyde twist on him.I also missed the insanity meter, which meant I could stare at something disturbing until the cows came home and Oswald wouldn't get disturbed by it even a little. (Of course, an in game reason is that Oswald is -maybe- more mentally sound then Daniel-I'll-just♥♥♥♥♥♥my-pants-now, but even that doesn't make much sense since just being in the presence of the Orb broke him, While Daniel managed to at least retain his relative sanity until he was pushed to the point he feared for his life and was willing to do ANYTHING to save it)Anyway: The game was not good. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either and not a good follow up to Amnesia: The Dark Decent. It might have done a little better if it didn't carry the tag ""Amnesia"", perhaps my hopes wouldn't have been so high, but overall, I can't recommend the game on the merit of a bogged down story, unsympathetic and uninteresting characters, and unsatisfactory game play (It's ""Dear Ester + Mild Horror elements"" really). I will recommend the game though on its visuals and interesting setting though."
76561198060702351,Not Recommended,239200,10217047,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Mother Coconuts,This is a good game if you don't like to be scared to much or very little
,Not Recommended,239200,9783801,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Spook,Super linear and really doesn't hold up as a sequel to The Dark Descent. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,239200,9992671,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ohiomambo,"So so SO Disappointed!What I expected: A great follow up to the first Amnesia, which was the best horror game I ever playedWhat I got: A totally not scary, ♥♥♥♥ed up story with no gameplaySeriously, did anyone get the story on the first try? I was so confues and in the end just annoyed with everything, it is ridiculous.And not to forget the ""monsters"", the walking pig mutations. NOT SCARY. END OF THE REVIEW. OH AND WHICH GENIUS THOUGHT OF THE ELECTRICITY MONSTER? HOW HIGH WERE YOU DEVELOPER GUY?"
,Not Recommended,239200,9591555,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Chaos,"I preordered this game hoping that it would be just as fun and immersive as the first one. Wow, was I wrong. I beat the game in under 2 hours the first time and then proceeded to play it two more times all the way through before uninstalling it. (I have 4 hours on record at this time). This game was simply too easy. They limited the things you could interact with to items that were significant to the puzzles or the back story. NOTHING ELSE! You couldn't even pick up a chair. To make things worse, out of the 5 or so encounters with the monsters, every single one of them was very easy to pass, seeing as they would only chase you in a certain (VERY small) area and couldn't even do things such as break down doors. Dying was also easily avoidable because it took the monsters up to 5 hits to kill you. If you still aren't convinced, they took away the oil lantern and replaced it with a lantern that NEVER runs out. Not only that, but you no longer have an insanity level, so run around in the dark and stare at the monsters to your hearts content. I wont go in depth with the story, but I will say that the ending was not worth the little amount of game time it takes to reach it. It leaves you with too many questions and includes a small twist that most people will see coming. As for getting this game yourself? NO! Never! Just buy the first one which is rich with replayability. Hope this helps!"
,Not Recommended,239200,18457508,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ShaneRR,"Stay away, especially if you liked Amnesia: The Dark Descent.This is nothing like it. While the story is at least mediocre, the gameplay is much worse.Boring, uninspired. The horror here is skin-deep only and will scare only small children. Everybody else will quickly see through the cheap charade the game is playing.The developers don't create scary or suspenseful moments. They simply play some sound effects and slow you down to a crawl. See, there... now you are scared!No, you are not. You are annoyed because your alter ego moves like in tar and for no reason, really. It sucks, it's frustrating and boring.And all that even before all the technical problems the game has. Like massive tearing despite enabled VSync. Like FPS drops from 60 to 40 for no apparent reason.Again: stay the hell away!Play something better like the first Penumbra game, the original Amnesia, SOMA or Alien: Isolation."
,Recommended,239200,18867519,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Scrubsauce,"I went into Machine for Pigs (MfP) with a bit of static in my ears.  My friends who had played the game gave me a very mixed feel on the game, plenty of negative to go with the positive, so I went in with somewhat lowered expectations.  I played Dark Descent years ago, and the Penumbra trilogy more recently, and right out of the gate it was obvious that though this game shared the Amnesia moniker, it was not a Frictional endeavour.The only Chinese Room game I've played before was Dear Esther, and as much flak as that game receives I found enjoyment in the atmosphere the developers were able to build into such a short experience.  MfP helps the developers carry on that trend, but it gives them much more breathing room.  The extended length (~4-7 hours depending on your hurry) plays to the developers' favor and shows they can make a full length experience with a beginning, middle, and end.  The world MfP builds for the player is as much a social commentary on recent human history as it is a spooky romp through underground, industrial revolution England with tons of pig-based imagery.  While the ties to Dark Descent are minimal and fleeting, MfP manages to stand on its own as a new narrative in a new setting with new characters and still be captivating.  However, if you don't listen closely to the various notes and conversations scattered throughout the campaign, things can get a little confusing.  Even after beating the game I found myself googling portions of the plot to get a better understanding of what had just happened.The main complaint I see/hear for MfP is that the horror pales in comparison to Dark Descent and I'm inclined to agree.  While Dark Descent terrified me from beginning to end, MfP suffers from the same issues as the Slender series in that after a certain point, prolonged exposure to the intiially ""mysterious"" creepies haunting you makes them significantly less mysterious, and minimizes their ability to inspire terror in the player.  However, I don't feel like it was Chinese Room's intent for the monsters to be the source of horror the whole way through the game.  Without going into plot spoilers, the narrative makes it a point to expose the monsters to the player to help make sense of the plot, and the horror stops being this abstract thing going bump in the night to an internal sense of fear and anxiety over the actions of the player.With that last statement in mind, I can totally agree with the Bioshock comparisons.  MfP is every bit as deep as Bioshock Infinite, without the paradoxical nature of the protagonist running around gunning down hundreds of NPC's for the sake of AAA gun-play mechanics.So if you're interested in an Irrational-style mind-trip, MfP is the game for you.  Just don't go in expecting to be scared out of your wits the whole way through."
76561198078344440,Recommended,239200,19332680,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Abu Hajaar,not as good as the dark descent
76561198000258024,Recommended,239200,19454299,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dull,"Wow..That's all I can say. To be honest, I wasn't at all impressed by the first 20 or so minutes of the game, but I'm very glad I decided to continue playing. This game has an amazing story and atmosphere. I really recommend that you read all of the notes and journal entries that you obtain in-game. It adds to the story and makes the game that much more immersive. This game left me with chills, and in the best way possible."
76561198030665293,Recommended,239200,19815942,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Scuzzlebutt,"It's been said many times before, this game isn't very scary. However the story is solid and if you take it for what it is, it's an enjoyable game."
76561198004408635,Recommended,239200,18830691,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,But I don't WANNA learn my FRCs!,"Machine for Pigs is a fun and worthy successor to 2010's horror classic. It has some obvious problems, mostly to do with the linearity and lack of puzzles. Perhaps this was a choice by The Chinese Room, who made the snorefest ""Dear Escher."" On the other hand, it's not like the puzzles in Dark Descent were actually GOOD. So, if you're after the same thing I'm after--impeccable set design full of dark winding passages and horrifying creatures lurking just out of sight--you'll be pleased once again. In fact, this game has something that Dark Descent was lacking: a truly striking and effective story. It makes a surprisingly big difference, I found, grounding the protagonist's goals in a search for his missing children. And once you discover the true nature of the evil lurking in the tunnels under London, it will give you a lot more to think about than the rituals of Alexander ever did in Dark Descent."
,Recommended,239200,18468402,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Shentharo,"This is worth playing, its not fantastic but its still a decent title.+Story although somewhat confusing ending+HorrificBad - Shouldnt have Amnesia in the title- On Rails- Never feel you are in danger- Same puzzles- Ending confusing- Doesnt live up to the origional"
76561197961990394,Not Recommended,239200,18770604,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The Gipper,Stangely empty and lacking in any scares compared to The Dark Descent.Same pigs all the time. Pig AI terrible.
,Recommended,239200,18812454,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,disscravis,"I'm so very conflicted about this game. Like many, I came in expecting a proper follow-up to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. That game set some extraordinarily high expectations, none of which are fulfilled in this sequel. Where the first game provided an ample amount of terror thru the use of clever level design, interesting puzzle-solving and a haunting atmosphere, A Machine For Pigs decides to ditch everything but the atmosphere. You won't find any difficult puzzles in AMfP; in fact, I can only think of one time where I barely had to use my brain to progress thru the narrative. The rest of the story is largely an on-rails narrative, in the realm of an interactive novel rather than a video game. Having played The Chinese Room's Gone Home, I had a feeling that the follow-up to Amnesia: The Dark Descent would be more focused on story-telling. I had no idea how strictly that model would come to define the folow-up to one of video gaming's greatest horror tales. A Machine For Pigs is a beautiful narrative, enanced by moody lighting and an emotionally stirring soundtrack. Though I was very dissapointed to find that many features from the first game were removed - namely, the sanity meter and the necessity to manage resources - I still found this game enjoyable and satisyfing. My best advice for enjoying this game is to understand that this is NOT a sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent in any stretch of the imagination. It is a stand-alone narrative featuring entirely new characters and a new setting. The gameplay mechanics are severely lscking, even compared to the minimal interaction compared to the first game, However if you are looking to try something different, and enjoy a good horror story, then A Machine for Pigs is worth your time and money. Just not $20 of it."
76561198128227340,Recommended,239200,19790125,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LiterallyBatman,I love bacon
,Not Recommended,239200,23879135,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FLGshadow,"short, with a sotry that leaves much to be desired"
,Recommended,239200,10246894,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,deRanny,nope nope nope nope nope
76561198038934714,Recommended,239200,8491741,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,™ ® © Chub Burger Inc. ® ©,2spooky4me
76561198035047743,Recommended,239200,22913186,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,d1ckweeb,good game pretty scary
,Not Recommended,239200,33159708,Posted: 2 July,all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"I don't really know why, this one just didn't hold me like the last one did. I don't think it's anything special, but if you insist on collecting all of the horror games then this one isn't bad."
76561198061091997,Not Recommended,239200,17884921,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,wek01,"Take out the inventory,  sanity guage, limited resources (lantern has infinite fuel), immersive atmosphere, cut the size of the game into a fourth, and make the monsters look absolutely silly and you get this terrible game. The only thing going for this game is that the letters you pick up are much more disturbing and that the monsters stick around rather than disappear. It's predecessor also had some disturbing letters, however they actually had flashbacks associated with them to help add to them and emphasize the fact that your character had Amnesia and was regaining pieces of his memory, hence the name ""Amnesia"". This game did none of this. This game is dreadfuly disappointing."
,Not Recommended,239200,9421584,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,jalli⚜,complete♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the first one total goddamn ♥♥♥♥jdsfnfl -1/130
,Not Recommended,239200,8253137,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rush Limbaugh,"If you have played the first one, this one will come as a bit of a dissapointment. While the theme and the story are great, they have hindered many of the original game's key features.1. You have no inventory. You no longer need to scavenge and explore to find tinderboxes, oil for your lantern (now electric), or any of the items you need to progress. This was one of the best parts of the first Amnesia. There was a sense of helplessness and vulnerability when you had to find all of the parts to make a potion or to fix a machine while your lamp was running out. This game is incredibly dumbed down.2. Notes aren't voice acted anymore. Not that big of a deal, I know, but I really enjoyed all the extra effort that was prevalent in the first one when Daniel would read the notes to you, which made him seem more alive.3. The game just isn't that scary. Probably the biggest dissapointment of all. The monsters in the trailer and teaser for the game made them look terrifying. In reality, all they are are pigs that freak out and walk quickly towards you, and they are easy to lose. And there aren't even that many! The creepy and eerie factor that the story brought you is there, minus the jump scares.I really hope that they make a third that will really quench my thirst for the horror series, but for now, I think I'll stick with the first one."
76561198106676227,Recommended,239200,25382979,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,darkness.johnson,"This is a very different game from the first Amnesia. That being said, I loved it. You have to go thorugh and actually READ all the stuff you find, because the plot is all in the finding of things. The freaking pig-people encounters are so much more stressful than any of the encounters from the first game, because these monsters chase you more (though they don't hit as hard and you can survive a few scratches). However, it feels less interactive, somehow, than the first game, and Mandus is far less sympathetic than Daniel from off the get-go, which makes me care less about what happens to him. And that makes it a little less satisfying than The Dark Descent. But it's still very, very creepy, and worth a play.If you liked the first story you'll probably like this one. The soundtrack is absolutely gorgeous, by the way."
,Not Recommended,239200,8884509,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Joe,Don’t bother. Frictional Games should be ashamed to call this the sequel to the greatest horror gave ever made.
,Recommended,239200,13539460,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jonni,"I will be making this relatively short review a positive one for one reason alone.That is that it's not a review of an Amnesia sequel.Much more so than its predecessor, the game feels and acts like an interactive movie, being 110% linear with less exploration than a retired Indiana Jones trying to find his way to bed. It is, like previous titles, heavily narrated at certain points, and most of the story and background story is told through this narration, or pieces of paper. While it does indeed have a very interesting story, any survival horror game should focus on a mix between both story, gameplay/immersion, and ambiance, one of which is lacking almost entirely to most players because:If you go into this expecting an Amnesia experience, you're going to be extremely disappointed and left with horrible gameplay that is impossible to immerse yourself in the way you're used to. But if you remove the word ""Amnesia"" from the title, and focus on it as a standalone survival horror game, it tries and does a relatively good job compared to other titles of the genre when the game came out. Inventory, oil, insanity, all is removed from the game because believe it or not, it ruined immersion at the worst possible times, by making you fall over and gurgle at the mere sight of an enemy, tumble around the dark tediously clicking everything... Before falling over and gurgling at the darkness, or by just leaving you clueless and aimlessly wandering back and forth until you find that one thing you use once and never again to unlock the next area of exploration. This game removes all of these tedious, immersion-breaking aspects and leaves you with a fully immersive game that does not feel like a traditional game at all.A Machine For Pigs is an immersive experience above that of The Dark Descent... If you have not played The Dark Descent. And if so, I would recommend that you play this before playing The Dark Descent, as this game WILL disappoint you, should you play its predecessor first.Remove ""Amnesia"" and I give it a solid 8/10 as an independent horror game. Should I have reviewed it as a sequel, I'd have given it a 2-3/10."
76561198107789098,Recommended,239200,8462058,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,EricD.exe,really quite scary
,Not Recommended,239200,9416639,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,monty,what an♥♥♥♥♥of a game
,Recommended,239200,8943866,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Spicy Big Chef,Quite scary 10/10
76561198068459121,Recommended,239200,13734681,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,VirtualSafari,This was fun to play through. Once.10/10
76561197997471713,Not Recommended,239200,14345353,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Buff DrinkLots,"This game comes no where close to the original Amnesia. It was incredibly dumbed down and is just basically a walking simulator. Not scary, no atmosphere, and that damned blue fog effect."
76561198051317669,Recommended,239200,7706089,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Nice Puppies,"This game focuses more on the story rather than the horror. The previous game: Amnesia The Dark Descent, was an outstanding and terrifying game that created a new standard for horror video games. Therefore, the expectations for Amnesia A Machine For Pigs was very high. This game is not as good overall as Amnesia The Dark Descent, but despite that, it is still an interesting game to play. It introduces some new things that Amnesia The Dark Descent didn't have. And it does have some scary stuff in it"
76561198105516805,Not Recommended,239200,8437048,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,WEITERTUN,Not nearly as good as the first. Wouldn't recommend.
76561197965907175,Not Recommended,239200,15757523,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ricino,I liked its predecessor more than this.
,Not Recommended,239200,15765999,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jesteruti,ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..... this was OK but the story line was very hard to follow (had to play twice). Scares OK but didnt live up to the amnesia name (no mods)
,Recommended,239200,16027908,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Blanche Devereaux,"The story is unbelievably good,  and I almost found this one more terrifying. I wouldnt say it's better than the first, as there is almost no gameplay, almost all story. If you don't like story driven stuff this isnt for you. Still excellent experience though8/10"
,Recommended,239200,18266935,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ThreeG Haxor,"Amnesia: AMFP is a very good game. It is really immersive and you will always be on top of your seat. They made the puzzles to be a lot easier compared to Amnesia: TDD, so that the immersion will not be lost. The environment will always give you creep. The downside of this game is, it is too easy and it just took me 2hrs to finish the game. Still a good game to play."
,Recommended,239200,7515959,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Danger,Good.
,Not Recommended,239200,18644507,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,FuNk,"I would highly not recommend this game. The music and game play are actually almost nothing like Dark Decent. The back story is similar and the environment is dark, but the game is pale by comparison. You cannot hide from monsters, you have to run from them. If you get on a ladder that goes up higher than the creature you can just sit there because creature cannot reach you. There is little suspense and I never once felt the intensity of Dark Decent in Machine for Pigs. Chinese Room should stick to games like Esther. They totally failed with this game in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,239200,18775472,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Atsimuutti,After 4th attempt I was finally able to start over and beat the game. Short and disappointing sequel in every way. Would not recommend for anyone.
,Not Recommended,239200,18790478,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vendelator,This game was simply less fun and less atmospheric than the previous game and spiritual predecessors.
,Not Recommended,239200,18811869,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ç®ï§Þ¥Føø,As all the others state; this is not as fun as the first. It's interesting...but...meh - couldve lived life without it.
76561198051474123,Not Recommended,239200,11051405,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Gaminguy,Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs in my opinion was extremely dissapointing. When i launched the game I was expecting a semi-challenging and scary enviorment but what i got was the complete opposite. I beat the game without dying and was only scared in the beginning. What I DID enjoy was the expertly crafted soundtrack and the deep story. The soundtrack perfectly represented the tone of the game. The story was deep and involving the only problem with it was that it cuold be confusing at times. All in all it was a dissapointing and mediocure experience if you want your amnesia fix plaay the first one. I would rate it 6/10.
,Not Recommended,239200,8808000,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TJUKK GUTT,"i had a really high expectation  for this game, amnesia:the dark descent was awesome i loved it. But a machine for pigs didn't reach almost any of my expectaitons. You can't even pick♥♥♥♥♥♥up  like you could in the dark descent! I know this is a game of the horror genre and it should probaby not be of any concern wether you could pick up random stuff or not, but it actually adds something to the game"
,Not Recommended,239200,7775923,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[WH] Sanspai,"Disapointing to say the least, all in all this game is not for you if you enjoyed the previous Amnesia. This thing sucks on so many levels that you couldn't even make a decent dungeon crawler out of the steaming pile that is this game. Sure it has a few moments, but you hardly lose any health, and you'r immune to the threat of going insane from the darkness. And your lantern is infinite. All in all I give this game a 3/10 pigs."
76561198017336709,Recommended,239200,11283386,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Constipated Compy,A phsycological war with whats there and what isnt a true thriller
76561198052160387,Recommended,239200,26472193,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Anaalkanaal,"One of my favorite horror games. It's not as scary as the Dark Descent but makes up for it with one the best stories i've seen in a video game thus far. I still find new things in the story that i didn't notice the first time and i've been keeping track of since release.Several instances in the game are truly frightning and i felt my heartrate go haywire. I was constantely on edge due to the excellent sound design and the brilliant voice acting made me keep playing even more. The dialogue in this game is fantastic.On the downside: the game is very short. I wish it was just a tad bit longer. But like i said before, most of it's shortcomings are made up for due to it's amazing story.I consider both Amnesia games the pillars of true horror with this one being the pillar of psychological horror.9/10"
76561198138556443,Not Recommended,239200,22558606,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RedGrundy,its s h i t ot dosent play 10/10 would waste money again
,Recommended,239200,15111310,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,batte_ri,I felt sick the entire game.
76561198072065785,Recommended,239200,19760872,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,erkkieerikson,The first Amnesia game was way better. Worth playing tho.
76561198064091992,Recommended,239200,19609536,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Damascus Rose,"This game will be different for everyone, first off.  I myself, have a fear of man-made interiors, small-spaces, and darkness.  That comprises a good 2/3 of the environments in this game.  It felt very much to me like I was inside one of my own nightmares.  I loved the exterior/house sections too for world building purposes, but I was actually excited when the game switches to ""descent mode"".The antagonist in this game is easily one of the BEST antagonists in any video game I have ever played.  This guy makes one of the most twisted horrendous plans that no one sane should able to even conceptualize... and actually partially accomlishes it.  All for the classic betterment of humanity.  I love the antagonist of this game.  10/10.The sound is tear-jerking.  This includes bgm, voice acting, and random noises.  There's also a great deal of variation in bgm, from full out opera, classical, eerie ambiance, and then even ragtime loaded with political satire during the credits.The voices and scripting are beautiful too.  This game is very poetic, like reading a good Edgar Allan Poe Poem.  Feels very quotable.  I also personally love how the main character refers to his family as ""darling.""  And like any good horror game, random noises attempt to keep you on edge always, though once you know you're probably not in danger you can numb yourself to the scratches, whispers, and footsteps.Story.  This is one point that even some of the worst critics of this game usually give.  What makes this story so good is that it is relatable.  It poses a ""what if"" scenario, that is terrifying because it can be conceptualized in reality to a certain extent.  Not to mention it plays on a primal fear of losing control, and highlights the tragedy of some of the darkest ages of actual historical past.I must mention the negatives, because indeed there are a few, which some people would consider these ""game-destroying"".  This game is somewhere in-between an interactive movie and an actual game.  You can indeed die if you're not attentive, are free to move around a limited environment, and there are a few pretty simple puzzles.  However there is no inventory, which means no typical Penumbra/Amnesia puzzles, worrying about your lantern oil, healing with laudanum (probably why it's hard to die).  There aren't many ""jump-scares"" or adrenaline pumping danger danger horror.  This game focuses on a deeper type of horror more akin to analyzing a deeply psychological nightmare than primal adrenaline reactionary horror.  Fine in my opinion to have those, but if you're looking for a danger around ever corner monster monster freak out session... don't expect to find it.  More saddening to me then anything else is the lack of the screeching noise whenever a monster is nearby... though the flickering light works pretty well too.To me, this game is art.  The setting is beautiful and surreal, the sound is moving, and the story makes it hard for me to immerse myself in other shallower horror stories now.  If you consider the purchase of this game, make sure you're looking for an experience and not a jump-scare."
76561198029811703,Recommended,239200,19757803,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Piepiepiepiepiepiepie,"I believe the majority of players, going into this game, were expecting it to live up to the original Amnesia title.  This is where they go wrong- Amnesia a Machine for Pigs is its own, original title.  While it relates back to the original, do not go into this game expecting it to -be- the original.  If you do, you will be disappointed.  If you do not, you will enjoy the experience profusely.While the game itself is not inherently horrifying, I thoroughly suggest this title to any gamer with a passion for story, atmosphere, and philosophy.  The narration was immaculate, and the ending phenomenal.  When you enter this game, expect not a mere horror game, simply for the sake of a scare, rather, an introspective plot characterized by a dismal, Victorian setting and atmosphere.  I must say, as a gamer with an interest for philosophy and atmosphere, I ended up enjoying this game even more than the original, and I grew to appreciate the characters moreso than the original.  However, only play this game if you are willing to sacrifice the scare factor for other qualities.  It may not be particularly scary, but this game has rightfully earned its place as my favorite survival-horror title."
,Recommended,239200,8775703,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,JoshuaGuzz,"This game has the creepiest atmosphere to it, I was on edge all the time and almost had a heart attack XD! I really lov ethis game and would replay it several times! I highly reccomend this to every Horror game player out there!  #almostsh**myself"
,Recommended,239200,19693109,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kristoffer,"Not as good as its predecessor, but still a worthy addition to the series.Excellent atmosphere, top-notch story and all the creeping, crawling terror one expects from such a title."
76561198158448106,Not Recommended,239200,13336938,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Littlesister19,During my time playing this i get to the last door on the first level and then my game quit working
,Not Recommended,239200,15044836,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Palidian,The only positive thing I got out of this game was the flying pig glitch. Everything else is rubbish. You're much better off playing Amnesia: The Dark Descent and skipping this one entirely. Everything that made Amnesia:TTD a good game is absent here.
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,239200,15019648,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,fabio,"Okay, I held the minority opinion in hating The Dark Descent (but loving the original Penumbra games from the same company), but Machine for Pigs is even worse. Even half the reviews from Dark Descent fans here don't like it.Here is 90% of the game:1. Walk around empty environment looking for a level/valve to pull to open up a door to advance.2. Every 5 minutes, an earthquake or meaningless ambient sound or pointless voiceover flashback will cause the screen to go blurry and slow your character to a crawl for a couple seconds.That's it. I'm not joking. That's almost the entire game. There aren't even any items, inventory, or resources to worry about. I would have been fine with this since that aspect of Dark Descent annoyed me, but they didn't replace it with anything interesting here. There are free horror Flash games with more depth and interaction.Even though I didn't like Dark Descent, at least there was  the interest in pushing forward in order to find out why your character was in this environment. You had amnesia with a note from yourself telling you to kill some man, and you spend the game finding out why. In Machine for Pigs, you have a plot that's pointlessly obtuse only to distract you from how boring it is. Your character wakes up and mumbles something about the children running into the basement where apparently you set up an industrialized slaughter house. Most of the notes and journals you pick up are confusing and worthless to sheddding any light on anything. They're just there to waste your time and try to trick you into thinking there's some DEEP MEANING to this pretentious naval gazing nonsense.Just worthless. HOW bad is it? I honestly think this might be a worse atmospheric walking simulator than Gone Home. Yes, it's THAT bad."
,Not Recommended,239200,14966691,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,*/+,"It's basically amnesia with parts hacked off, linear and short as hell, and with a very cliche predictable story. I beat it in 3 hours, and I didn't even rush through it. Still $20 though."
76561198036015153,Not Recommended,239200,24843847,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Overlord_Awesome,"Before I say anything, I AM one who played Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and I loved that game. But now onto my thoughts...If you want a fairly creepy game that has an interesting story and a good meaning and theme to the plot, this game might be for you. If you are here to get spooked and chilled to your core whilst exploring and playing around with your environment, this game isn't for you. Personally, it wasn't for me, but I can absolutely see the appeal that many people have with the game. I do not like the direction that was taken in this sequal (that being they removed the inventory system [limiting puzzles] and there is no sanity or oil management), but I still enjoyed the game nonetheless.That's a little scattered of a review so I'll sumarize. Is this game a good and interesting adventure? Yes, totally. Is this game a good follow up to Amnesia: The Dark Descent? No, not quite. Do I recommend? I'm going to say no, but I can absolutely see the appeal for this game if you just want a good experience."
76561198025912541,Not Recommended,239200,10909930,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Baby Wolf,Borring!
,Recommended,239200,9030394,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Aglowglint11,"I do indeed recommend Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. It i a great game, I think it is far scarier and a lot cooler than the first one. The protagonist is really well developed and the ending is also extremely good."
76561198097093129,Recommended,239200,8994949,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Zulgot,"Do you like horror and storytelling? Then this game is a gem for you! It is less scary than Amnesia: The Dark Descent but in the time, when you are not sh**ing your pants, you can enjoy awesome narration and story. Deep philosophical and ethical problems are confronting your mind the whole time.Awesome atmosphere is also made by wonderful soundtrack.Go ahead and try it!"
76561198102163787,Recommended,239200,19702508,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MainCore,"A well written horror story. Somewhat rigid because you can interact only with a handful of options, however the graphics and the music arre top notch. Warning: do not play it alone in the middle of the night."
76561198047298783,Recommended,239200,19717253,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Big Yellow,Walking simulater with a couple of jump scares but pretty much no enemies chasing you.Recommend when cheap on sale.
,Recommended,239200,575981,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Zolkowski,"Though a little different, this new installment of Amnesia is a very welcoming and fresh take on the horror genre. What it forms is a truly disturbing atmosphere and sense of unease without ever giving you too much of one thing, With it's superb environments, voice acting, music, sound effects, and mood it's not a game you'll soon forget.The Dark Descent was a roller coaster with a focus more on survival and evasion, A Machine for Pigs is a journey of disturbing monstrosity and intrigue with some of the familiarity of the first."
,Recommended,239200,305383,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Bastwood,"Another entry in the Amnesia series, however this time developed by the makers of Dear Esther. Not really all that scary when compared to the harrowing experience of its predecessor, Amnesia: Dark Descent, or the pure terror of the recently released Outlast, A Machine for Pigs deals more in psychologically disturbing stuff than in-your-face boogeymen and buckets of guts.It's only halfway successful though, since I didn't really enjoy it as much as the other games I've mentioned. The story is intriguing, but the puzzles are way too easy and enemy encounters are few and far between. Graphically, the Frictional Engine is starting to show its age as well, however sound design and music are great.Overall, A Machine for Pigs is a slight disappointment, especially if you're expecting a ride similar to the original Amnesia."
,Recommended,239200,8241217,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,gil,real spooky. be careful
,Recommended,239200,13890106,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,KFC MANAGER,pretty good m9s
,Recommended,239200,13889964,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Detective Ken,"I told them I was proud of them, and then fed them to the pigs.I went into this game taking any negative criticism with me to compare. Firstly, I was under the impression they sacrificed gameplay for narrative, which I had no problem with, but there was a lot of instances where I had to think on my feet and search for clues to solve a puzzle, which I'd been told were not that intuitive. Besides that, the major aspects of the gameplay, besides the puzzle solving, are maze-like segments where you have to avoid the pig men al a the old minotaur story from Greek mythology. I died my fair share of times at these parts. All in all I'd say it's pretty solid on the gameplay front.Now most of the game is set in an old victorian era factory, which may be my favourite period aesthetic-wise. The atmosphere is very well delivered. Not too many jumpy bits, it aims more for a sense of desperation and chlaustrophobia as you delve deeper and deeper into the machine, but from there on it falls short. The story is incredibly predictable. You can piece it together quite easily from just a few diary entries so the rest of the game is waiting for the inevitable.It was quite long too, for such a game. I've played my fair share of half-decent graphics indie games that just fell short of the 3 hour mark, but I got nearly 8 out of this.Now, I'm not gonna reccomend this wholeheartedly. If you want a game with good horror atmosphere without relying on gore or copious amounts of jumpscares, you should pick this up in a sale.Or get the first one, where the game makes you feel like you have much more to lose. Probably because you do, but I didn't come here to compare them. They're different games in their own right."
,Recommended,239200,308892,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Paris,Dare i say better than the A:TDD? YES! i'm only 2 hours in and its keeping scary as hell. more gore as well.
,Not Recommended,239200,21725423,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Almøø,not an interesting story at all . a better visuals only .
76561197985815900,Not Recommended,239200,16946959,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tiggerdyret,"It's a broken game. Stuttered terribly on my 980 machine, bad sound design, be prepared to refund."
,Not Recommended,239200,10576017,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Parabellum,Game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
76561198045519402,Not Recommended,239200,17543767,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,skullro,this game is NOTHING like the original i mean yes it doesn't have to be like the original as long if it's scary but it's not!the scare factor in this game is really poor the quality looks ok and above all the story is just... mehif you REALLY want to play an amnesia game that's scary enough to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants GO play the original onei really would not recommend this game 4/10
,Not Recommended,239200,13473590,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,grapefruit your man,They thought this would be acceptable?
,Not Recommended,239200,13358166,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Verrücktfuchs,"I was a huge fan of the original Amnesia game... after playing about an hour of this game I noticed there was nothing to fear. I went from crawling around in panic to running around liek a crazy person and still saw no enimies. Very disapointed. There is no sanity, you do not go insane, you do not panic... its well lit mostly and simple. It might be because I haven't gotten far but... I really see no danger in this game at all, its just a puzzle game."
76561198156553912,Not Recommended,239200,13485818,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Big Bad Bovine,"I loved the first game and played it with avid interest for what might occur around every corner.  This ""sequel"" takes away, literally, all the gameplay mechanics that made the first special.No item combiningNo managing your health vs. madness metersNo tinder boxes for creating lightA lantern with infinite lightNo real puzzles to solveThe game seems shorter, has an interesting premise but the outcome is predictable early on and the monsters aren't scary.  This isn't really to do with the types of monsters used but how they are employed.  There is a much greater sense of theatre, exploration and depravity in the first game.  Even the reason as to why things occurred in the plot is kind of..... lame.  For me this feels more like a galary of limited events, little to no survival horror aspects and suitable to truly scare only the faintest of heart.  My favourite and only truly redeeming quality is the soundtrack, the use of texture and tone is truly fantastic."
76561198015791164,Recommended,239200,13594534,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Immersor,Crashed the game by playing with a dentist light9/10pretty good game...precious eagle cactus fruit
,Recommended,239200,29834961,Posted: 10 February,all,SCP-027-02,"What it lacks in gameplay, it more than makes up in story. I also loved the monsters, even though they weren't much of a threat. You should definitely try this one out if you love story-based horror."
,Recommended,239200,1307322,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Krankenwagon,"As creepy as the first, story line was a little confusing though. Worth a play if you enjoyed the first one."
,Recommended,239200,32057691,Posted: 30 May,all,i love minecraft,♥♥♥♥ing sucxke
,Recommended,239200,12430321,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,I Think Coolsville Sucks,More pigs than Dark Descent and no rad dong-filled ending. Not as good as DD but still mmkay.
,Recommended,239200,10992278,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,39stripes,"Worth your time. Different from the first one being that I didnt die once while playing the game, but still doesnt lack in its atmospheric setting and filling story."
,Recommended,239200,7525036,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,evan,scary how bad it is
76561198089622335,Recommended,239200,16265441,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,augustis,Not nearly as good as the first one but still a nice experience!
76561198015662490,Recommended,239200,7814573,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,VictoriaLynn,"Not easy, but fun to play. Graphics are amazing. Just wish there was a walkthrough mode where you can go through everything without being chased..."
,Recommended,239200,7799571,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,UmbraProphet,... And I haven't eaten bacon since.
76561197976255832,Not Recommended,239200,711998,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,UberDAHnooB,"When I saw this game advertised I was excited.  I loved the first one.  I eagerly started  playing and realized nothing was happening.  I did not encounter a dangerous monster until a couple hours in.  I even laughed at it.  I see people argue that this game has horror elements towards others that found it to be weak.  Abrupt loud noises and a flickering light while something runs by is not scarey.  If it does not cause you anxiety to walk around that dark corner without fear of having your face ripped off, it is not scarey.  This game was not scarey.  I roamed the halls generally care free with a flashlight that never died, health that would renew and a serious lack of danger to worry about.  It had some decent story elements, and a lot of detail went into the machinery, but the game itself was just not fun.  If you have not played the first one, please do not buy the 2nd.  I wouldn't want you to miss out on an actual good game because of utter disgust for ""a machine for pigs""."
,Recommended,239200,833047,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Retroblique,"Keep an open mind when going into this game. If you go in expecting Amnesia: The Dark Descent 2 then you'll ultimately be disappointed, but if you approach it in the spirit of Dear Esther and Korsakovia with a side order of Amnesia then you'll be more likely to gain something from the experience.Very atmospheric, thanks mainly to the incredible sound design that sounds like something ripped out of David Lynch's Eraserhead and The Elephant Man. Plenty of scares, but perhaps not as much real danger or a sense of urgency as the narrative otherwise implies.The narrative is largely driven by notes and audio logs, so if you miss some of them (easy to do) then you may find yourself missing a few pieces of the puzzle.The end sequence is way too long and protracted (I found myself rushing through the last hour or so) but everything that comes before is well worth experiencing."
,Recommended,239200,7334218,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,sar3th,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is not so much a horror game as the previous Amnesia. It delivers a great atmosphere and a fascinating storyline but it did not really scare me. Rather, it was a creepy experience telling a sick story. It felt great to uncover the mystery of the environment and the developments happening in the background.Even though this is not as scary as the original Amnesia, it is a great game with a creepy atmosphere and great storytelling. The soundscape is phenomenal and keeps you immersed throughout the game.If the original Amnesia was too horrible for youm but you are somehow fascinated by such games, this is definetely worth checking out!"
,Recommended,239200,7818654,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Plunge,"I was very satisfied with this game on it's own merits.  Very creepy, very moody.  The sound design was absolutely perfect, and set the tone for the entire game.  When compared to it's predecessor (Amnesia: The Dark Descent), however, it can be dissapointing because of the removal of a lot of the difficulty that game was known for.  All survival horror elements have been stripped from the game.  No more sanity, no more limited source of light fuel, which all takes away from the strategy of the game and makes it more of just a ""Horror"" game, and that is why people are dissapointed by it.  The game is still VERY scary and worth playing if you like horror games, and there are moments of real danger and enemies that will kill you, and some very inventive puzzles.  It is the type of game that you need to just let yourself be immersed in the story and design.  Read every journal entry, and every book you pickup.  The story is well done and very interesting.My only real complaint about it is that besides the title and a few vague refrences to the Brennenberg serum, this game has very little to do with Dark Descent.  It may have been more well received by the public if amnesia and all references to it were dropped from the title and it was just called ""Machine for Pigs""."
,Recommended,239200,13097329,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Joey,As a huge Amnesia: The Dark Descent fan i must say this game was a dissapointment when it comes to the amount of scares in this game. But from the point of veiw of someone who focused on the game as a completley seprate game. The story was intesnse but had some weak points. The game focused to much around the primary monster and explaining the story of i than the actualy story of the protaganist. But other wise the atmosphere made you shiver and it has alot of unexpected twists that make you rethink things more than once. An overall good game.
,Recommended,239200,13135098,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,RayHawk,"As a big fan of the Horror genre in video games, I really enjoyed this! I like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and this is kinda more of the same. In some ways, I felt like there was less to be afraid of in this game, but the atmosphere/story made it just as scary I think.Took 4.6 hour playing though and a comfortable pase. Definitely recommend for anyone who enjoyed The Dark Descent!"
,Recommended,239200,2410222,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Nals,"This is the sequel to Dear Esther, not the sequel to Amnesia.It's not a scary game, the enemies are easy to avoid, the puzzles are simplistic, and the atmosphere is almost nonexistant. It's the story of a bad person wandering his house wondering what he did wrong in a similar style to Dear Esther.If you liked Dear Esther, you will likely enjoy it. If you wanted Amnesia p2, this ain't it."
76561198057996562,Not Recommended,239200,14339586,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,biotrigger11,Crash fest! Realy wanted to enjoy game however it is the only game  I own that crashes routinly. Sure I could lower the graphic settings but I kinda assume the main idea is to have a graphicly profound horror experience. After three crashes with no save due to the fact I was merely minutes in. Exit game and shakes head......
,Not Recommended,239200,15631626,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,"Trapped in Bubbaville, Send Help","I didn't enjoy the first Amnesia at all, largely because the game mechanics were totally unappealing to me. I was excited that this game removed the sanity and the ""find the tinderbox"" mechanics from Amnesia, and also excited about this game's premise: A steam-driven clockwork hog-butchering city machine under London in Victorian times.Long story short: The puzzles are barely puzzles, the game avoids showing you the most brutal parts of what its suggesting, not in a way that's subtle but just in a way that makes me suspect they couldn't pull it off effectively. I very much liked what they were getting at, I just don't feel that they made a good game.Don't buy it unless you're WAY into steam-driven clockwork hog-butchering city machines under London in Victorian times, or it's like two or three dollars idk"
76561198030091635,Not Recommended,239200,7847839,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Owl,If you love Amnesia: The Dark Descent then you will hate this game. There is only about 3-4 hours of gameplay and the puzzles seem almost non existant. You're being spoon fed the whole way through the game and unlike Amnesias beautiful cousin there are only around 4 monster chases. It's extreamly dissapointing and it's a game that had huge potential but lets you down with it's short story line and minimal monster chases
,Recommended,239200,10902330,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,vIBOWLv,"This is an intense game, I would recommend it to anyone!"
76561198250916486,Not Recommended,239200,20433998,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,bilboswagins989,i hate it
,Not Recommended,239200,20271850,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,IcronticPrime,"This is not a sequel to Amnesia: Dark Descent. It is just another game in the same style made by the same team.A Machine For Pigs is not what I would call a game. It is a first-person visual novel.A Machine for Pigs is extremely well-written, just like Dark Descent was. The story is deep, intense, horrifying, grim, and gruesome. It tells a tale of a wealthy industrialist in the waning days of the 19th century who, wracked by madness and illness, does some pretty terrifying things. Through the game you discover the tale in bits and pieces as you play this man who has, of course, awakened from a fever-induced amnesia.You travel through the streets of London 1899 and through the halls and corridors of your estate and eventually, the titular Machine. You walk around with a lantern, solve very simple puzzles (put this thing here, pull this switch, pull this thing, open this door... that sort of thing), and avoid monstrosities called Manpigs. There is very little of the latter and a great deal of the former (that is to say, this game is basically a ton of walking through corridors).Just like with Dark Descent, I found myself thoroughly bored and just hoping for the next bit of story. I think I'd rather just read this thing as a short story.However, the game does serve up a phenomenal atmosphere, which is something a written novel could never do. The sound effects, the glimpses of the machine and its dark, dark work through bars, windows, and catwalks, the background screams and squishing of viscera, blood, fluids pumping through pipes, lots of breathing and flashes of electricity and steam venting all serve as a perfect backdrop for a tale that wonderfully captures Victorian horror; the steam, the feeling of Progress! Science! Wonders! Mystery!, the primitive but promising technology, and the supreme evils of Empire, God, and Man all set the stage for a deliciously darkthought exercise in what it would be like for this man as he descends into pure insanity. You really feel for him as he desperately seeks redemption for what he has done.I can't say I liked the game, but I did like the story. The pace, just like with its predecessor, was glacial, and that turned me off for months. Coming back to it felt like a chore, but I'm sure lots of people love games like this. It just ain't me.The graphics were good but not as good as Dark Descent. Almost the whole game takes place in endless dark metal corridors with lots of brass, pipes, steam, and dark wood accents. It gets really boring after a while.It's super easy to avoid the manpigs... even easier than the Dark Descent. In addition they got rid of the dumb ""insanity"" mechanic as well as stupid inventory management of oil and crap for your light. Now your lantern just works and all you have to do is walk through about five hours of this game to get to the end and get the whole story."
,Not Recommended,239200,20273128,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Anonymous Shoe Salesman,bretty bad
76561198046676054,Recommended,239200,5227949,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Durpen,wtf?
76561198069645532,Not Recommended,239200,19923639,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Decisive Tang strategic victory,"It isn't scary.This is the biggest problem with this game. Yet interestingly enough, you don't realize it at first. I loved playing the first Amnesia game, and so I went into this game with the same mindset. Hide from the monsters, solve the puzzles, answer the mystery at the center of the plot. The game certainly starts like its predecessor. The atmosphere is spooky, and the game doesn't throw any overt scares in your direction at first, just hinting at the horrors that might await. Overall, this works really well. But here's the problem: almost none of the scares are real.What do I mean by that? Well, in the first Amnesia game, most of the time when you heard or saw something that could threaten you, that threat was real. There really was something to hide from. Your fear was justified. In MFP that's really just not the case. I can count on one hand the number of times I was truly in any danger. Most of the time the game plays some scary sound effects suggesting that a monster is nearby, but in reality it's just nothing. You can just safely walk your way through 90% of this game without a care in the world. It does take a while to realize it, because often you'll jump into some hiding place and wait for the monster (which isn't really there) to walk by, so you'll assume that you didn't see it because you hid, and not because there is nothing there in the first place.Really, ""just walking"" is unfortunately way too good a way of describing this game. I really feel that The Chinese Room were the wrong people for an Amnesia sequel. They just don't do interactivity very well, and in really weird ways too. For some reason there is almost not a single object in the game that you can pick up, unless it's a crucial part of some puzzle. I really just don't get this, given that in Dark Descent you could pick up and move most objects you found lying around. This change immediately just reminds you that you're in a game, which messes with the immersion needed to pull off a good horror game. Aside from the house at the start, the big sprawling levels are gone, and instead you just follow along a narrow path. The player just isn't allowed to interact with the world that they're in. There are almost no monsters for them to fear, there are objects that they can move without express permission, and there are no places to explore. In the end, this just reminds you that you're in a game, and lets you know that you're walking down a hallway with scary noises."
76561198004001370,Recommended,239200,19945248,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gunbuddy,There's a ♥♥♥♥ing lightning pig in this game.200/10
76561198101883833,Not Recommended,239200,19978960,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sighquietly,"You'd rather take an ugly, fat chick on a rollerblading date through a life-size scale of jabba the hutts colon than waste money on this game. Play another game instead or go outside!"
,Recommended,239200,10881596,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Assassin,"Price bought: ~$5 (~$1 per hour)When: Winter Sale 2014What price is it worth: < $5 (<$1 per hour)I enjoyed the monsters, especially the first encounter with the final monster. That fight was a very different step up from other monsters as it was very unpredictable at times.Tension was there, however the tension moments that made the original Amnesia great were few and far between in this game.The story for the most part makes you read and narrate for you as you walk around. Difficult to get into the story as it does not engage you as much as Amnesia did.It is too easy. Your lanthern has unlimited supply, you have no hp bar, no inventory and no sanity meter. I feel that it could be because people complained too much about how difficult it made the original Amnesia. If it was it was not a good idea, and the difficulty should not be changed as a result of opinion.It is too short. 4, maybe getting to 5 hours. It is not worth the full price and should only be bought on sale.I enjoyed this game, but has no replayability (apart from final monster level). I recommend it however if it is on sale, not because it is an awesome game (when it is a medicore game), but so people can comapre to Amnesia and see how;a. Difficulty is what makes the experience, the more difficult the challenge, the more rewarding the conquest is of that challenge.b. An interesting storyline.c. The final monster fight.d. It does have it's share of tension, just not as much as Amnesia had."
,Not Recommended,239200,21079595,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sgt. Spooks,it's not good.
,Recommended,239200,7972669,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mullerstone,"Wonderful, simply mezmerizing graphics and storyline. If you enjoy the classic horror stories that used to be told around a campfire, then you would love this game."
76561198026393308,Recommended,239200,16379038,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TripleR3D,Best horror game ever made.10/10
,Recommended,239200,1363103,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,SalemMcGee,"Not sure what to think about this game. It was way too short to be anything else than a disappointment , but it has these incredibly emotionally strong moments where you feel powerless ,sad , disgusting, or infinitely human. The gameplay is absolutely nonexistent and you will never meet any kind of difficulty throughout the game, enemies being there only as a means to the plot, and they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly easy to avoid, and if you get caught, they take ages to ""kill"" you. Which is not even slightly punishing. The inventory and every other system from the first game has been removed. The story itself is a pale copy of the first episode's . To be honest, if you have played the first Amnesia, nothing in this episode will surprise you. Other than that, wait for it to be on sale for ~5 bucks. Because that's what it's length is worth."
76561198039623660,Recommended,239200,7595809,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Ignis,"this game is amazing!! great graphics, amazing and complex background storyline that slowly reveals itself and the build up of tension whilst playing creates excellent jump scares!Although this game is best played whilst you are alone in a dark room in order to fully experience the immersive sense of fear that is created by the game.The game can be played with an X360 controller and due to these reasons and its relatively low price it is a must buy if you enjoy horror games or are interested in trying one out for the first time.(i won't give away any hints in regards to the storyline though, all i'll say is that it involves a big house with secret passages, a machine, amnesia and pigs...)"
,Not Recommended,239200,7851049,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Heart of the Sea,i want my money back this was terrible
,Recommended,239200,4893868,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,vicee,"Amnesia: A machine for pigs, was something I expected to be a great horror game with a great story. It got delayed a lot, so I thought they were improving the game, but when I played it I was disappointed. The game is about hiding from monsters basically, but in this game there is not a lot of scary stuff or freaky things, you can barely interact with anything unlike The Dark Descent, The puzzles were dumbed down, and it took me roughly 4 hours to beat the game, so don't expect a long experience.  However this game has some good stuff about it, now while it's not as scary, it trades in scaryiness for a good story, the games graphics have also improved and look better, also the game has really good sound, the buildup with the sound effects freaked me out a lot and it sounded very realistic. However the game feels like a step down from The Dark Descent, maybe this is because The Chinese Room was involved, I really don't know. I give Amnesia: A machine for pigs a 6 out of 10, it just didn't live up to the hype, and it was marketed as a scary game. If you're looking for a scary game and haven't played the previous game, The Dark Descent, I recommend buying that instead of this one."
76561198125752174,Not Recommended,239200,14220180,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Axalea,"I was actually really disappointed in this game. I've seen some different youtubers do parts of this game, and was expecting to be freaked out the entire time. I wasn't. It was a decent game, but it was much shorter than I anticipated. I plan on going through it again, but I think I'll have to take a break before I can immerse myself into this one.I highly recommend Amnesia: The Dark Descent over this one."
,Not Recommended,239200,23232537,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Yoshikage Kira,"After playing the first game my friends and I decided to check out the sequel. I have to say though, this one was pretty unwhelming for a horror game that should have easily lived up to its predecessor. The game is similar to that of the original as it sets you up in a large factory-like place in what seems to be the early 20th century. The game also lives up to its title in one of many ways in such that there are pigseverywhere. But that's not all! The monsters in this game also appear in pig form as well. Um... creepy? I originally liked it better when I couldn't see them treking through the darkness early on, but once I got to see them in the light they really didn't creep me out as much. The story in the game is an improvement of the original. Still, the puzzle solving in this game was a bit more interesting than the last as I got to work with machinery and figure out how to get form one location to the next. This game does creep me out in ways that the original did but not enough that I would like to give myself another good scare. The game as a whole is okay at best, but feels more annoying knowing that they put in effort only to have a good story and not follow up gameplay-wise. Get the game if you want, but know that you are giving up $20 to play a half-baked sequel that could have been more."
76561198120771963,Recommended,239200,12091493,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,super,This game has a great story line but it is not even close to as scary as it has been made out to be. Overall it has good graphics and it plays smoothly.
76561198050072837,Recommended,239200,12113400,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Undertaker Infinity,"While it plays like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, it's a different game. It feels much more linear, puzzles are simpler but more coherent with the world and story and this time around the story is interesting and proceeds at a good pace (slow but spread out, which is appropiate for this type of game). Sadly, to enjoy the best of it, you'll be reading a lot of rambling notes.It is NOT as scary as Dark Descent by FAR. However, I think the ending makes up for it, as the loose ends are (mostly) tied.I don't want to spoil anything, but I'll say creature design was hit and miss for me. Not this game's strength, even though the story wraps everything neatly. Map design is one of the strengths of this game, and that's what you'll be looking at the most.Give it a try, if you liked the original and would like a good story but could tolerate less gameplay."
,Recommended,239200,6174925,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,me irl,"A machine for pigs. What can I say about it. This game cannot (and must not) be compared to the previous Amnesia game. For one, the two games are developed by two different companies, and the way these two companies created both master pieces, is similar YET very different. AMFP is more story oriented, has a great and creative story and makes you immerse in a world that is complete strange to you. I gave this game a 9 just because the game wasnt scary cause i believe the first game was way scarier) but because is unique, it shows that they put a lot of effort on writing it and this is why i loved it. Not a 10 because i dont believe the name should have contained 'Amnesia' in it... this is a very different game... anyway.. totally recommending this game"
76561198092508452,Recommended,239200,14010404,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,cpt -,no custom story 10/10
,Recommended,239200,14791093,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ShadowShine,So I never died to the monster and half way through I got bored and gave up.#KittiesAnd♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,239200,11297628,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,dangerhighdoltage,"OOOOooo.  This one was a hard one to review.  Keep in mind I have never palyed the other Amnesia game nor the Penumbra games.For the first like 80% of the game, I was really only impressed with the nice graphics and way the game moved.  Allbeit, it chugged on my dated dual core CPU but worked okay once i set it at 720P.Even on my laptop A10 quad it chugged, so best to have at least an nice 3+ quad to run it at 1080P.   So, it looked nice.  BUT. It was becoming a walking simulator with a few spooky things here and there - a few jump scares ( thank god not too many ) and super duper easy to figure out puzzles.  If you have FOV issues, this will give you a headache,  it did me.  Could only play a bit at a time.Now, then at the 80% I was thinking to myself - ""it's sorta nice with the well written story, just not really scary"".A lot of work went into this game, it's not just slapped together.  I waited for more.  And then....kinda past the point where you meet some actual piggies - and they don't really kill you as you re-spawn right about where you died - it started getting seriously creepy.  Not in the ""boo!"" sense, but storywise it did not turn out exactly how I had envisioned.  I won't spoil it.The mood changes as you get horrid scenes of death, massacre, waterfalls of blood!, chased from piggues A LOT, and then just the vile realization of what the guy is and what he did.  It's nota  "" OH. MY. GOD"" surprising horror feel, but you'll get a definte ""Man, that's like really sick. "" out of it.  And then the ending...i thought it was over, but kept going.  And I personally liked it.  It does not rush and not does stay to long in one area.  Well paced for what feels mostly like it was stretched a bit at the end.   You have to esacpe from certain clutches and sneak around Hitman style somewhat without any weapons...I liked that the most.  Puzzles, etc just kept me busy but I really liked sneaking rather than kill kill kill bang bang bang which is what most scary games involve ( Rez Evil 5 on up I am looking at you ).  It kept me going to the end.  So, for my $0.02 it's worth it...for $5. Honestly, a $20 price tag?  C'mon.  $15 would have been better to start.  $5 on sale for me was justified."
,Recommended,239200,7114336,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Penkare,kannattaa ostaa jos tykkää kauhusta :)
,Recommended,239200,3673560,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,FISH KILL,"Okay so I'm going to start things off with it's not a bad game. It really isn't. I pre ordered it the second I could and played and beat it on release day and it made me so upset at how short and ""non scary it is."" Well I decided to try the game again, in the dark, headphones on and the volume up, and I am horrified. This game isn't as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent (which is an amazing horror game that anyone should try.) but the game is still scary. It also tells a great and creepy story in such a short time frame (around 4-5 hours).If you're looking for the inventory system, oil management, and keeping track of your sanity, hell even messing around with the envirionment, it really isn't here in A Machine For Pigs. You can only interact with little things for puzzles (or chairs). The inventory system and the fuel management is gone. Which makes you not have to explore much (besides to do puzzles or find notes). That's one of the bigger gripes with this game is that they took too much away that made the original game what it was for a great story. That and the pig monsters, while intimidating, they really aren't as scary as the grunt, brute, or the suitors from the original game and the free Justine DLC.Overall if you're looking for a game that tells a great story while getting scared here and there, while looking through the beautiful world of AMFP, you should buy this game.If you were looking for the game to be♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants scary like the original and like having the inventory system and a more reason to explore you should still get this game just to witness the great story, but prepared to be slightly let down.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,6348685,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Xause,"Well, the chinese room did what they do best, good scenery and a good storyline, i definitly thought they could make this game way scarier than it was. In my personal opinion, a scary game from frictional games is supposed to be more than just loud machine sounds and the monster chases. This game was missing the features that made the first amnesia a good and scary game, the insanity meter, the monster noticing you sound, and i liked the old menu interface.Yolo'ing is too easy, i only died once yoloing.And one more thing, you can make a creepier storyline that doesnt involve humans dieing, in strange ways... I mean i wont spoil anything too big, but the quote in the trailers "" That all rather depends professer on what one consideres a pig"""
76561198011264558,Not Recommended,239200,21831885,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kira,"As a personal opinion, it doesn't come even close to the horror of The Dark Decent. I read comments and stuff saying that it is a different kind of horror and it is more story-oriented and blablabla, but in the overall, The Dark Descent is much MUCH better. Beat A Machine For Pigs in 3 hours and wasn't really sure about what I was doing. Too much documents to read. You get face to face with your ""enemies"" so it takes all the suspense away. Overall, boring."
76561197964851636,Not Recommended,239200,21696575,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NURFD | Supertonic,Maybe my expectations were too high after Dark Decent.
,Not Recommended,239200,21800942,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,★Raggomatic★,Huge let down compared to the first gameLET DOWN ON IT
,Recommended,239200,18042899,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,이달의 소녀,Of course they removed the sanity for this title. They decided to drain my sanity instead. 8/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants again. They make the best horror games. I was never able to complete Amnesia: The Dark Decent..!
,Recommended,239200,10814768,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rahlekk,"While removing settings from the previous game that may SEEM to make it less of a scare, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs continues the dark horror with incredible ambiance, and remains a great laxative."
,Not Recommended,239200,10862008,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ManBearPig,"Amnesia TDD was the best horror game i've ever played, and i've had 'em all over the world! And then a machine for pigs comes along with it's high expectations and blue fog charm and all the die hard amnesia fans run off to outlast.NOW YOU GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE! / 10"
,Not Recommended,239200,8992988,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,YouWinAFREEiPOD,Truly awful from beginning to end.  I'm ashamed to own this.  Awful.
,Recommended,239200,28076460,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bogomol,whatever it's for the badge
76561198063014313,Not Recommended,239200,8834988,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Squirrel Winchester,
,Not Recommended,239200,10098143,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,SlIcK,One part made me jump. One.
,Not Recommended,239200,9062585,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Remove Nilfgaard,"This game is not as brilliant as Amnesia the Dark Descent, but its fine too. Made by other folks than original product, but IMO is a nice horror game. It is definitely better value than Outlast, which can't scare you after you play for a 2-3 hours."
,Recommended,239200,6085006,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Rosso,"not a bad game, but I was not convinced at all, could be better"
,Recommended,239200,25615305,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Kakihara,"The game is Awseome, Very scary and disturbing, I love the story, I would say buy it if you are commited to quality horror games with great story's. The bad is.. it is only a 4 hour campaighn. However those 4 hours, are the best damn scariest 4 hours ever! Do i have regrets about paying full price? No. Do i think its over priced? Yes."
,Recommended,239200,9227230,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jetti,It's like fun with out the fun.
,Recommended,239200,33456191,Posted: 11 July,all,Professor Arriquaplay♡,"one of the best's of serviçal horror ,i Love this game♡"
76561198349850119,Recommended,239200,33484991,Posted: 12 July,all,stmurgo24,"I DON'T CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS. THIS GAME IS AWESOME!! ONE OF MY FAV GAMES OF ALL TIME!It' has a better atmosphere than the first one, and it's way creepierGive this game a try!"
,Not Recommended,239200,13603317,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Komma,doesnt even launch anymore.
76561197971084347,Recommended,239200,9044404,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Honest Molester,dem pigs can walk on 2 legs wtf yo #dat ♥♥♥♥♥♥#cray
76561197968014529,Not Recommended,239200,10248166,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,{Op4}Havoc,"Being alone and secluded in the unknown is normally a tough thing, you can hear things, heart rate elevated can't think straight etc.The original Amnesia did a fairly good job in giving you just enough information you'd know you needed to fear something else, just what?A Machine for Pigs struggled to do this, I never felt the need to hurry or if I was in danger of being decapitated or losing enough sanity I'd throw myself through a window. A Machine for Pigs seems to rely heavily on audio, scratching behind your head, the whine of machinery or the occasional screams of pigs.The story itself is slow moving, it takes a lot of concentration to pull back the curtain on certain events and even when it is done the result is lackluster.If your a fan of the trying to explode your heart in your chest this one is likely to fail to give you the cold sweat.2 out of 5 chiliwigs"
,Not Recommended,239200,29965229,Posted: 16 February,all,N1ghtStr1ke44,"What. A. Disappointment.Not much horror, not much suspense, all this game did was slap the title ""Amnesia"" on it and make the gameplay vaguely similar to the original Amnesia, not to mention the fact that there seemed to be no story at all, and everything was confusing.4/10 for an unsatisfying gameplay experience"
,Not Recommended,239200,27273354,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marden,"It's an alright game but when compared to the first game it lost a lot. Less puzzles, less encounters. Last is personal taste but the narrative is purposefully confusing to the point of being confusing.PS: Pigs are fam animals,right?"
,Not Recommended,239200,31292042,Posted: 22 April,all,GullibleGoose,"The story is probably good, but the execution was awful.   Disproportionately long build up to the dramatic end is wrecked by way too much reading.  The game, as it is, is designed to be fast pace linear play, which is not how a horror game should run.  Especially having the legacy of The Dark Descent.  Nothing wrong with that style of play, but it does not work with the constant interruptions to read pointless journal entries, and other documents.  Many of said documents contained important story detail, but because of the linear design, progress occurs at considerably short intervals.  What I am saying is: I have no problem with it sharing the Amnesia name,  however with all of the features that were changed or removed e.g. infinite lantern, no inventory, no insanity meter; etc, they (The Chinese Room) could have crafted a new style of story telling without the documents.  Something that matched the pace of the game.  Really, the story seems epic, but I understood nothing of it due to such awful pacing.Conclusion: Aside from allowing the developer too much unchecked freedom, Frictional Games is not at fault.   After all SOMA is another phenomenal game."
,Recommended,239200,25623812,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lucan,"After slowly creeping, sneaking and otherwise holding my breath through the first Amnesia it was no surprise I was eager to jump straight into its sequel for another dose of bowel loosening terror.Where the first game relied heavily on item management to persevere through the rigours of mental torture and keep your lantern filled, the sequel only uses the journal for guidance as did its predecessor the rest of the game is spent traversing a mess of industrial era buildings filled with cacophonous machines, dark passageways and hideously filthy experimental rooms. The puzzles laid out are nothing fiendish however when you have something lurking nearby that could rip you apart mistakes are easily made.The atmosphere isn't much different from the first although in actuality the creatures chasing you (yes I said creatures as in more than one) are far more horrifying the locales are even more twisted and the ambient sounds really mess with your mind, armed only with a lantern with a focussing lens which adapts it to work further but on a narrow beam I spent more time beneath the cities streets than I care to remember, slowly working my way forward I cringed every time the monster squealed nearby it was all I could do to pray the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s didn't find me, this is another solid game for the Amnesia series,  one that doesn't disappoint... At giving me nightmares for a month."
76561198026366611,Not Recommended,239200,10268780,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,veal_chop,I wasted twenty dollars days before it went on sale (66% off). Even AFTER the sale that's too much money for the value of the game.Why?Gone is the inventory system. Gone is that feeling of exploration and dread. Gone is the fun.
,Not Recommended,239200,15231164,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,stevaloo,"If you played and enjoyed The Dark Descent- you will only halfway enjoy this title, as it delivers an atmospheric, immersive, and story-driven experience that completley lacks in gameplay and visuals.The only truly positive thing about this game is its attempts at drawing you in and immersing you in the experience. This only last for the 1st half of the game though, with the 2nd half being drawn out and muddled with the same two problems.First and foremost, TDD had enemies that were way more threatening in how they were utilised as well as their demeanor/appearance. Thepig-men(SPOILER AMIRITE, it's not like this whole games story was obvious/cliche as hell) are practically never an immediate danger to you. A mad dash can get you through ANY encounter (2 scares are just monsters chasing you down a corridor anyway). They also probably went with the first draft of the monsters design- the monsters are not scary. Sorry, pig squeals can only do so much when your big scary enemy walks around like a drunken pirate whose lost his peg leg.Secondly, a lack of world interaction and inventory/sanity/gameplay made for a super boring tour of an 1800s factory. There is no item management in this game, forcing you to be constantly immersed in the horror experience. So what is there to worry about, again? The game itself needs to back up the sense of dread the story is giving off- and it completly failed to deliver scary gameplay (Case in point #1). Not only is it difficult to die in this game, but it will give you FORWARD spawns like it's some kind of challenging FPS- or is it just that more walking would be just as patience-trying?"
76561198071763063,Recommended,239200,10094941,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Tiger's Wood,Precious Eagle Cactus Fruit.
,Recommended,239200,652891,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Captain-Weasly,"Don't trust the metacritics for this game, and those reviews are written by a bunch of trolls and haters of gaming other than COD or BF. A Machine for Pigs is the 2nd title in the Amnesia franchise and been developed by the Chinese Room. In AMFP, horror haunts players in a totally different way, how how would you survive, or will you?This is my rating so far (1.5 hrs into the game):8.3/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,18418434,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,EtanDaGmetThingThatsJustThere,Nothing like the dark decent I wish I were older when I got this so I would understand a bit more...
,Recommended,239200,13884354,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,obscurimity,"Not as good as the original, but definitley still worth buying. Try to follow the story! It's very intriguing."
,Recommended,239200,18421506,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,oz3mta3,It's ok.
76561198104947761,Not Recommended,239200,8802256,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,gunman46,it wll not start for me
76561198063994870,Recommended,239200,8742894,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TheRealDirtyDan,it was ok. fun at first but then got boring. not that many scares and THERES NO CUSTOM STORIES
,Recommended,239200,28519353,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Frog,"This game is often criticized for contravening from the Amnesia series in the regard that it provides inadequate scares and terror. But what people often fail to apprehend is that this game was meant to be alluring and unique, not because of its affinity to the horror genre, but because it provides a powerful and aesthetic message.7/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,18386909,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,oliverklee,"Compared to the original Amnesia: The Dark Descent, A Machine for Pigs is not as good by a long shot.First of all, the story is really far-fetched and unlogical - in a way that really takes away from the atmosphere and the tension. In the beginning, the ambient noises and graphics build a nice atmosphere which quickly deteriorated.The puzzles also are far too easy. Having left them out would have made the game better.In A Machine for Pigs, the balance of survival (light = sanity and risk of discovery, darkness = security and insanity) is completely missing. You can easily hide or run from the monsters, and apart from that, you can use as much light as you like.Don't buy this game. Play The Dark Descent or Penumbra instead."
,Not Recommended,239200,18465564,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,TheSpacerTot,"This game was so incredibly dull, convoluted, illogical, and not scary that I can't keep to myself how much I hate it. Only buy this game if you hate horror, fun, and halfway decent storylines."
,Not Recommended,239200,18479085,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Grim Gravy,"First of all, this one was no where near as scary as Dark Decent! T_T So in that, I am disappointed. Especially since the teaser trailer was so bloody awesome. -.-This one had lots of jump scares, I guess... and most of them not even monster related.Took me about 6 hours to complete.Controlling for this game was very easy! Keyboard and mouse.Glitches and bugs? None that I encountered.Motionsickness factor: I suffered some nausea, so maybe play around with the FOV.Graphics... I had some gamma issues and the 'blue haze' on everything was bloody terrible. I found a fix for that by changing one of the save file fields to False... just google it.The story itself wasn't all that great.Would I recommend this game? ONLY ONLY ONLY if you are a huge chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥and scare very easily... otherwise... for you hard core horror game fanatics, I'd say play if on sale or if you are bored or simply pass it up. Sorry. T_T I wanted so badly for this game to be awesome."
,Not Recommended,239200,10315598,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,McLovin,"If you played the original this MAY be a nice revisit to the Amnesia story line. If you didn't and are looking to pretend to be pewdiepie like all the other annoying♥♥♥♥♥kids get Amnesia: The dark descent. It's actually scary unlike this installment. My main problem with this game is the gameplay is stripped to the bone. Your lantern has infinite light removing the need to scavenge like in the previous game. Your lantern also flashes when a monster is near so you get a clear OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ THERES A MONSTER IN THERE!!! The inventory is removed so puzzels consist of bring one item to the next room. That's about it. Not only that but I encountered a plethora of glitches including but not limited to broken levels, falling through the floor, locked doors that should not be locked, and monsters who can't see you.Also I thought the monsters were kinda cute and look silly when they walk."
76561197995453848,Not Recommended,239200,28699152,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,th4t1guy,Remind me never to buy anything made by The Chinese Room again.
,Recommended,239200,14600780,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hamakei,"A very pretty game, with a good atmosphere and interesting scenarios. It's impossible to rate this game without making comparisons to ""Dark Descent"", and I'm afraid I'm in the ""not quite as good"" camp.AMfP's story is just as good, but the gameplay has largely been removed, with just the occasional lever to flick or battery to put in a socket. Which is fine if you're only playing for the story, but can lead you to feel that you're just being led along and the game is waiting for you to set the next part in motion.And, I'm sorry, but unlike ""Dark Descent"" which I found almost too scary to play, I didn't find this one scary at all. Maybe you'll be different, but the pigs didn't do much for me. Sorry.It's still fun to work through, especially if you're a fan of immersive, story-heavy games."
,Recommended,239200,11710007,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dovagidon,"A very well put togheter story, Took me 4 hours to remember to use the lantern.  Playing without the lanturn is hell. Go ahead and try it."
,Recommended,239200,9014713,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[THT]FASCIITIS,"Wasnt as good as the first- but it wasn't as bad as people are saying- it's pretty spooky!plot is only half as good as the dark decent, and another big one is fuel for the lantern made the first game like waay more scary challenging."
,Recommended,239200,5251886,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,anotherjoeyclaire,This game is terrible.
76561198114309849,Recommended,239200,7916793,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,cjenkinson,"It is what it is: Dark, moody and suspenseful. Slow to get started but once rolling, the suspense builds as you travel further out from the relative safety of the mansion. Wonder about your children's behavior towards you and the growing suspicion that perhaps you're involved in more than you care to know.Stark depiction of graveyard digs; and those pig masks all over. What up with that?All in all enjoyable. Not a ""dark descent"" by any means but well worth playing."
,Recommended,239200,34646795,Posted: 31 August,all,Lucifér,"A very good adventure/horror game, one of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,239200,12026955,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,difascio,"Made by the Chinese Room, this is a sequel to Frictional's amazing Amnesia.  As with the original, if you get caught, it just sends you back to the start of an area with 0 enemies.  Once you know that fact, the game becomes way too easy and far less frightening.  There are very few scares in this sequel compared to the other, but the atmosphere and art direction are amazing nonetheless.  I would recommend it, but only to players wanting more of a story in lieu of scares.  This game definitely delivers on the former."
76561198109339407,Recommended,239200,33724549,Posted: 22 July,all,LordChaos,"Ah yes Amenisa, where do i begin with this game. I saw this game late back in 2000s right around when and before the whole Youtube Adpocalypse delimma and when everyone was getting around to their batch of horror games, markiplier was the first of many that i came across to see this in a letsplay heck i even tried one of the versions before even steam was a thing? before it even existed, this was such a unique horror game and what this game is basically tests and pushes you to the limit to see if u were ever in a abandoned scenarior kidnappingwse. It puts your mind on edge as any classic horror game do hope that they make more titles like this."
,Not Recommended,239200,20458469,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PatsDark,"A game i wish i could forget. A huge disapointment after expectations set by Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Not made by the same group and it shows... Just don't buy  it. If you do buy it, make sure it is for very cheap. It has nothing on The Dark Descent however it can be said the ambience can be a bit spooly at times. It quickly goes away when you realise nothing can really ever happen to you."
,Recommended,239200,16840220,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,wuuper,I played it for 8 Minutes and know its better than Five Nights At Freddys
,Not Recommended,239200,29575093,Posted: 29 January,all,Literal consequences,lack of an fov slider and something about the visual effects makes me sick.
,Recommended,239200,4992092,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Roller!,"I'll admit, its not as good as Amnesia. However, the idea of fear and suspense is still there. It's a bit dumbed down for the average player, but it still holds a nice fear factor. experienced Amneia players will be disappointed, I can guarantee that. But, I guess they had to take out the survival factor to make more room for the suspense."
,Not Recommended,239200,34615955,Posted: 30 August,all,TheRandomPost,"Bought this game thinking it would provide me more or less of what I got from the last game, but was completely dissappointed. The plot is quite boring, and its progression is nausiating. Theres little to no danger throughout the game, and it brings shame to the Amnesia series. Please, do not buy this. If you get it for free, give it to someone who needs some sleep. Because thats all its good for. Sadly, this isnt gamestop so I cant get 1/3 of my money back."
,Not Recommended,239200,15497084,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,OutrageousTomb1,"I loved Amnesia: The Dark Descent, so I had high hopes for this one. Sadly, my expectations were lowered in my time with it. Put in the simplest of terms, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is disappointing as an Amnesia game. As a story-focused adventure and modern horror game, it's recommended. It's a good effort from Dear Esther developer The Chinese Room, and the atmosphere is still much better than many modern horror games. It can still creep out and possibily scary you. But as a sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, an absolutely terrifying delight of a horror game, it comes up short in multiple ways. Many game elements were removed, including the inventory screen and Lovecraftian-inspired sanity meter. The inventory screen leads to overly clunky puzzles, while the sanity meter is a sadly missed feature that removes the balancing act between light and shadow. The game is also made somewhat easier by the lantern having an unlimited power supply and the complete removal of tinderboxes. Finally, while the story is nicely written, it seems to follow the same pattern of the story in Amnesia: The Dark Descent. This essentially boils down to the phrase ""not an Amnesia game"". While cliched, it is sadly true. It just doesn't feel like the original or like a game from Frictional Games. It's clearly a sort-of successor to Dear Esther, and it does work on that level. So, if you're looking for the horror equivalent of Gone Home or Dear Esther, then Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs will satisfy. But otherwise, you're better off with the first one."
,Recommended,239200,7656409,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Ramsay Trollton,"It was one of the best game i have played in this year. The story was dark and sinister but beautiful. And the voice acting was also brilliant.  It wasn't that scary as The Dark Descent, but the story felt more real to me, and the ending was just simple brilliant."
,Not Recommended,239200,25969305,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,marmite,"Mkay well this is a bit late but the game's nowhere near as scary as the first, so just save your money or buy the dark descent insteadNot a bad game, but not very good either"
,Not Recommended,239200,12194209,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Air,"I guess it's decent... but the inexperience with horror games really shows for The Chinese Room here.The story is good and somewhat engaging, so it's got that for it.Although...This game will most likely not scare you much at all. It only got me twice, and one time was from a glitch. The problem is that everything is expected, especially since there only one type of monster that only patrols and chases you when it sees you, a very redundant concept by this point. It basically shows the problem with the current state of horror games: the lack of consideration of the player's psychology.Overall, I can't recommend this to anyone who wants to play it for the horror aspect."
,Recommended,239200,24779522,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Hunter X Hunter,"Some of the fans are being way too critical about this game. Sure it isn't as good as the original, but few are better then the original. They did there best with this one and I for one think that they didn't do a bad job."
,Recommended,239200,22660806,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Marshmellow,1.6 hours of standing behind a door trying to build the courage to peave the first room after I heard a creak.
,Recommended,239200,18204695,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,.Reflected.,I really loved playing this game. It is too easy maybe..but the atmosphere and story are so great that it is really really worth it. Not comparable to the penumbra games however.
76561198067696688,Recommended,239200,10928039,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,amb2,"I really cannot understand why so many people don't like this game, because I probably enjoyed it a lot more than any other horror game that's come out since the original Amnesia. The story is what shines the most, but graphics and audio are also pretty great. It was also very scary to me. Definitely not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but in other ways I liked it better. For starter's, the way the story is presented and the fact there are actually parts of the story happening in A Machine for Pigs is in my opinion a plus from the first game which until the very ending was completely told in notes. Also, while you could just say the puzzles were lazy and simplified, I felt that the puzzles in this were better, since the first game has puzzles that would have you wandering around for a really long time trying to find an item or something, which just felt like unnecessarily stretching out the game time. So, while maybe not as good as the first game, the scares in this game are still some of the best out of every horror game out there, and in pretty much every other way besides that, I think this game was better than the first."
,Recommended,239200,8946861,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,LeeHam,amazing horror game! great progression and well thought out to making you crap your pants!
76561198014450825,Recommended,239200,24944360,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cowman1,Amazing from start to finish
76561198280388351,Recommended,239200,35428181,Posted: 2 October,all,stormsx29_wacker,the game always crashes when i start it up it says config error can somebody help me
,Not Recommended,239200,8404504,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Murikov,"Although A Machine For Pigs may have a convincing plot, it hoplessly fails in doing any justice to its predessecor. No noteworthy puzzles, no inventory (and therefore no collectable items), many scripted events and a very short playthrough length after all.Better stick to Dark Decent or wait for Frictonial Games' newest game SOMA."
76561197962678832,Recommended,239200,127472,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Naserve,Beware: This is not the Amnesia we know. Theres no inventory system. Theres no tinderboxes or fuel or any items. Period. Also theres no sanity meter and no health meter. I am dissapoint.
,Recommended,239200,10916814,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"You've probably heard/read reviews about Machine for Pigs and how much it sucks.If you haven't played the other (much more scary) Amnesia: Dark Descent yet, maybe you should give this a try before you do.It's not THAT bad, it's just an unworthy successor to Dark Descent.Follow the railway and play along and you won't be dissapointed, expect the ultimate horror game and you will."
76561198052368485,Recommended,239200,35184030,Posted: 24 September,all,davidmvp010,"Times said:'Oh Jesus, oh Jesus, oh Jesus' - 27'Oh Jesus♥♥♥♥♥ oh Jesus♥♥♥♥♥ - 12'Oh Jesus just kill me now I'm a weak man' - 4Nonsensical yelling accompanied by increased heart rate, shortened breaths and testicle retraction - 3Idk what I just played but I need to play it again."
76561197993205533,Recommended,239200,18985612,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Crucifixation to all Profligates,"Wretched and upsetting game, along with good piggies"
,Not Recommended,239200,13117690,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lasheen,This game is perfect toilet paper.
,Not Recommended,239200,7780562,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Time Rider,Like Amnesia but not scary and not fun.
,Not Recommended,239200,2369803,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Ｓｕｉｃｉｄａｌ　ＯｌｄＭａｎ,"A superficially-twisted,  game of linear exploration punctuated by dull narrative - but scary, it is not. The gameplay is too simplified - no oil,tinderboxes,sanity potions, laudanum; No inventory at all. Mechanically, A Machine for Pigs deviates significantly from The Dark Descent, and this is where it's most disappointing. You want to throw that barrel ? Nope ♥♥♥♥ you mate. The only things you can pick up and throw are chairs. If you're a massive survival horror fan who wants to be made to scream, you'd  better look for another game (also no mod support in this one)."
,Not Recommended,239200,297127,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,SLEDGE DOG,"Oh boy, I sure do love walking simulators with no puzzles or challenges. The only thing that could make this game better is lesbians."
,Recommended,239200,12310809,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Procione,"Really fantastic game. Great atmosphere, great story. Excellent addition to the ""Amnesia"" line. I enjoyed playing this game, and will probably revisit it several times. I do love having my pants scared off from time to time. 9.5/10"
76561198058246463,Not Recommended,239200,25688059,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,trololol_trolson,I finished the game and I still don't know what the story is about. Dark Descent is better.
76561198010423636,Not Recommended,239200,22724862,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,blizzard5314,Play the first one. The Chinese Room is still learning how to make a game.
,Not Recommended,239200,27685,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Zeke,"I remember playing Korsakovia and enjoying it. I remember playing Dear Esther and thinking it was neat. I played A Machine for Pigs and thought: How does this relate to Amnesia at all? Here's what you should do if you want a horror game: Go get Outlast. Here's what you should do if you want a TRUE sequel to Amnesia: Go download the mod The Great Work. That mod is more scary and actually relates to the Amnesia mythos. In The Great Work, there's the Orb, the Shadow, and sanity! In this ""sequel"" there is NONE of that!I hate kids. Except for Clementine from The Walking Dead because she was WRITTEN well. A game can't MAKE me relate or be sorrowful to any character without ANY ♥♥♥♥ing background. Not only that: the two kids were so poorly designed and in my face EVERY goddamn second that I knew not to care. What am I going on about? The main character has two twin sons who are CLEARLY already dead after 5 minutes of gameplay. (That wasn't a spoiler if you have half a brain.) And we're supposed to feel sorry for Mandus? ♥♥♥♥ that! I knew Dear Esther and Korsakovia were thinking games when it came to a plot, but you don't ♥♥♥♥ing do it half and half! You either go all the way like in those previous experiments or just a little like in Silent Hill 2 or Spec Ops: The Line!For it's credit, it has great sound design and there's two moments where I felt all ""EEEEK!"" but those were at the end. Nothing scared me in the least. The idea that the main character made a god from a machine (I THINK!) is neat, but there's just... I couldn't tell what was supposed to be real or... Ack, the story is just a ♥♥♥♥ing mess.This isn't a retail game. It's a mod for Amnesia with almost all the scary taken out of it. Like i said, go get Outlast. Outlast DOES scare you. Outlast DOES make you regret playing for 5 extra minutes. Outlast is the scary game for you. Outlast is worth $20. Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is worth $5."
,Not Recommended,239200,7765167,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Sinew2,"A word that comes to mind is disappointment. After the success of The Dark Descent, I expected nothing but further improvement upon the Amnesia series. However, with Frictional games taking the backseat as the publisher this time and allowing The Chinese Room to take over, disaster struck. The Chinese Room have morphed this Survival Horror game into an interactive horror story. Unlike The Dark Descent, the few puzzles there are provide no challenge. The lantern is infinite this time around, however you do not truly need it anyways, as there are no real moments in the game where you are completely unable to see without it. There are no tinderboxes, as most of the game is lighted anyways. In fact, there is no inventory system whatsoever. The only real ""gameplay"" in this unworthy successor is walking around to find the next exit, and occasionally strafing to avoid a monster that this time around isn't very scary at all, since they are dehumanized and you soon start to feel sorry for them rather than afraid. Letting The Chinese Room take the wheel on this one was a huge mistake, as this is no longer a game, but a walkthrough with the occasional scary atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,239200,7749475,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Warden,"As someone who absolutely adores the first Amnesia game please take my word for it when I say avoid this game at all costs. A Machine for Pigs strips away all of the elements that made the first game so nerve-racking and leaves the player with little more than a haunted-house experience where you simple walk from point A to point B with a few scares thrown in between (granted there are definitely some scary bits in the game, but not nearly as much so as the prequel)."
,Not Recommended,239200,9127479,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mört,Not spooky at all.
,Not Recommended,239200,7854425,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mr. Octopicake,"When you make a sequel, you usually try to exceed the expectations and raise the bar higher than your last game. You try to make it better in every way possible or just as good but with some innovation. This has none, in fact it takes a step back and goes into it's comfort zone of 2spooky. The story is meh, it's not terrible but it's not really surprising and very predictable. The fact they removed some major aspects from Dark Descent removes the SPOOKY factor, you can hide in shadows from AI who sticks to a path and easily sneak around them just making it more of an annoyance than something you should be scared of. It's short, Enemies are dumb, no puzzles, NOT EVEN SPOOKY, Ambience is okay.4/10 Would not buy."
,Not Recommended,239200,24098491,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,YT | xiTzDaviid,I was expecting this to be kinda like the original Amnesia but no way it's alike. It feels like a completely different game and it isn't even scary.
,Not Recommended,239200,1964569,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Suffocate,"Well, that was disappointing.This game is nowhere nere as scary as A Dark Descent, the story is predictable, you can't interact with as many objects, there is no insanity mechanic you needn't collect oil or matches because you have an electric torch which never goes out but merely flickers whenever there is a monster nearby.Futhermore it took me about 3h20m  to finish the game which is roughly half as long as the prequel.This game was just overall dissapointing and you can tell that it wasn't made by the same people who created the amazingly frightening Amnesia The Dark Descent.Don't buy this game expecting a worthy sequel. I really regret preordering this game and would advise anybody NOT to buy this game."
,Recommended,239200,6048660,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,hsmoke,"You awake in the middle of an industrious, brave England to the churning of an ancient machine under your very floorboards... and you can't remember a thing.It would be unfair to call this a ""sequel"" to The Dark Descent, because it sacrifices almost every aspect of it. A Machine for Pigs, sadly, drops a severe amout of gameplay to focus on it's story. Whilst the story is bold, dark and something that I have never seen before, the gameplay of The Dark Descent would have fitted into this new world the player is thrown into perfectly. The entire game is walking, a few stealh scenes and of course collecting Journal entries. This lack of gameplay isn't something I found bad about the game, just dissapointing.If you are one of those badass, hardcore gamers, A Machine for Pigs is not for you. It's much more of an interactive novel than a game, as it possses little or no hostility towards the player. You can take pleantiful amounts of beatings from a pig gentleman before you die, and with no way of checking your HP, this is yet another dissapointing factor of the game.A Machine for Pigs' strong point is by far it's story. It's one of those games that ""went there"" and wasn't afraid to tackle morality, religion and horror all in one story. The narrative is well paced, with slow but progressive acts seperated by scenes where the player is contaced by a mysterious voice via a phone call. This gives a rough idea of your progress, and what you can expect next. Despite how short the game is (Around 3 to 4 hours, 5 if you get scared easily) the narrative still leaves me satisfied, and the overall journey doesn't come to an anti-claimatic ending. Most of the story is told through journal entries, and without reading them you will be left stumped at the end of the game.Overall, A Machine for Pigs' story is what earns it a place in my heart. It's not everyone's cup of tea, nor did I think I would be mine, but I would reccomend it to anyone out there who is looking for a great, immersive story experience. But sadly, it's lack of gameplay and desierability to be different, leave the asking price a little too much.7.5/10."
,Recommended,239200,8612846,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Futilizer,"This game is simply amazing.  The visuals are astounding and the audio is downright terrifying.  I will say after you've gotten past the scary parts the game becomes very ""Not Scary."" I love being scared so I really want to be scared all the way through the end.  For $9.99, this game is a steal.  Probably the best $10 I've spent in years!"
,Not Recommended,239200,7847853,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,purple is gay farmskins.com,I did not enjoy this game. I kept trying to tell myself it was good but in the end it was not worth my 20 dollars. The first game was better in evrey way. If your thinking about getting a game just get Amnesia The Dark Desecent
,Not Recommended,239200,9230064,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,=MAG= D1B2-7,played like a disney ride haunted househas nothing on amnesia 15/10
,Recommended,239200,12587880,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Gibbster,"I liked it. Wuite long in the end and the ending is very dramatic. For all the fans of Dear Esther and Amnesia, I recommend this if you can take the horror and suspense :)"
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,239200,10278574,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"Booooooring! That is all I can say about this ""horror"" title.  For the first hour you are teased with a monster but it's basically a walking simulator for the first hour +.  You are chasing you phantom children as they dissapear when you vear around the corner.  Typical coding mechanics for a video game.  Been done hundreds of times before.  Moving on...I never played the first Amnesia.  Well that's not true, I played the demo a few years ago.  That game was MUCH scarier. Simply because you had a limited light source.  In a machine for pigs, your lamp never runs out and you can run for an eternity, never getting tired.  The controls are passable as are the graphics. Nothing next gen here.In conclusion, just play the first Amnesia. This game isn't scary, only boring. If you are having trouble sleeping, play the first hour of the game."
,Recommended,239200,2252965,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,[GND] Jester,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a bit of a mixed bag. On the one hand, it delivers in terms of storytelling and atmosphere, with impressive use of symbolism and creative storytelling, as well as amazing audio effects and distinctive visual design to boost atmosphere. On the other hand, it isn't very scary or tense at all. Enemy presence has little impact, the player is rarely in any actual danger, and most enemy encounters are utterly unremarkable. It feels like enemies were only included because of an obligation, not because they wanted to deliver a horror game.Gameplay was dumbed down considerably, with many mechanics being removed and nothing being put back into the game. There's much less object interaction, the game is several hours shorter than the predecessor, and it's a bit more linear.Given the amount of delays this game had, I can see some people expecting more out of it and being disappointed. But, like I said, it's a mixed bag with both good and bad. The good does outweigh the bad, atmosphere and storytelling are what the game went for, and that's where it delivers. But it is a letdown as a horror game, and this cannot go unnoticed... or unpunished.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is yet another minimalistic, story experience on the resume of thechineseroom. They seem intent on making only these types of games, like Dear Esther. It's not a tense or scary horror game, and it's a letdown to the Amnesia franchise. It isn't truly an Amnesia game, it simply wears the badge. It could have been an excellent horror game, if thechineseroom wrote the story and basic script like they did, while Frictional Games did the actual gameplay.See my full review here:http://www.gnd-tech.com/content/962-Amnesia-A-Machine-for-Pigs-Review"
,Not Recommended,239200,7941307,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Big Frank,"about 10% as good as the original amnesia, and 0% as good as the penumbra seriesdon't bother"
76561198038809788,Not Recommended,239200,35369039,Posted: 1 October,all,Doofus Rick,"Didn't feel nearly as intense as The Dark Descent. I know I shouldn't compare the two games when they have little in common but didn't pull me in the same way. Story was interesting but the game felt weak. Played it all in one go, but never really felt like any situation was out of control. Fairly disappointed overall."
,Recommended,239200,10735623,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Diamond Frostmane,This game is such an improvement on the original. It manages to make the game much more playable by removing sanity and the inventory but still keeps a truely frightening atmosphere that keeps your gripped for hours.
,Recommended,239200,10236617,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SuperSweetSucc,Great spooky game
,Not Recommended,239200,11003524,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Phoe,"Disapointing when compared with the original, even allowing for a different developer. They removed most of the things that made the Dark Descent interesting. No gameplay to speak of, no sanity meter, your light source in infinite and the game can be finished in two hours. The writing is overwrought and deeply in love with its own inflated attempts at sounding intelligent."
76561197998311652,Recommended,239200,8077664,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Porridge Pockets,WOW SUCH SPOOK ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197981480750,Recommended,239200,15960194,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Nemesis,Perfect. I love the first Amnesia so why wouldn't I love this other Amnesia game?
76561198063269581,Recommended,239200,15973708,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kaname,Its ok not that scary thought.... It does  have a few scary moments but once you see the monster well it loses the scary factor mostly................But overall  I would  play the game  just wait till its on sale its not worth 20 bucks. its worth 5 bucks.
,Not Recommended,239200,18659867,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Joelteon,Will not fit my screen and is unplayable on my razer blade
,Recommended,239200,7793288,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pengo Bliksem,"Take what the first game was and throw it right out the ♥♥♥♥ing window.  They restarted from scratch and gave it their all, and this was the net result, pure astonishment.  It's still a horror but they REALLY leaned into suspense more this time to leave you on the edge of your seat the whole time until BAM it hits you, and they do it repeatadly until you want to cry in your bed under the sheets because you hate your life.  The Chinese Room entered to give some light on a new angle for a story line and absolutely nuked it like they did with Dear Esther.  The story itself was around roughly 4 hours and that was taking my time to absorb it all and take it in, maybe longer, not sure if I counted correctly or not but hey, just play it man.  The sound track once again plays a crucial piece wherein it provides such an environment around you that sets it as to where everything just becomes that much more intense.  The gameplay was solid, graphics were a little bit subpar in my opinion, seeing how they delayed it for about a year to fine tune it.  But the mechanics and physics and such were just fine, also they replayability is there like the first, plenty of things to see you didn't see the first time.  Frictional certainly knows how to wow a genre and they certainly nailed it hard again with this indirect sequal.  Overall i'd give it a firm 8.5/10 with the graphics really hindering what could've been more amazing."
76561198339666523,Recommended,239200,26426891,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,hatbox_ghost1912,"i love this game, the victorian atmosphere is dead on. WELL DONE :D"
76561198018610241,Recommended,239200,7748110,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,King_0f_Balloons,Amnesia machine for pigs may not be as amazing as the first game was but its still a damn good game. Just like the first you dont wanna progress through the creepy♥♥♥♥♥dark hallways and you never feel safe even with your back to a wall. They took away tinderboxes and oil for your lantern. As much of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥it was searchin for thoes tinderboxes and trying to see in the dark when you run out of oil i kind of miss it. It made it a lot more challenging. The puzzles in this arent so challenging either but the game succeeds in what I played the series for. It will make you jump out of your chair quite a few times. I give it a 8.5/10!
,Recommended,239200,7512041,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Febel,"A solid and fairly interesting story but lacks the tension, the memorabilty and the pants-wetting terror of the first game. Kind of inferior in almost every regard to the original aside from writing and voiceacting, both of which are vastly improved. The game is far closer to Dear Esther than to Amnesia: The Dark Descent and I genuinely can't recommend paying full price. If you're looking for a strong story I'd say wait until it's at least 25% off and if you're looking for scares avoid AMFP entirely. Try Outlast instead, which is far scarier."
76561198013781630,Not Recommended,239200,24091312,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sure Man,"Extremely disappointing game, take your 20 and buy lotto tickets it'll be more satisfying"
76561198078543683,Not Recommended,239200,21116448,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Phil,Machine for Pigs....more like this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥simulator
,Not Recommended,239200,21331633,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,basti,Game breaking bug makes this one unplayable. Dont buy this!
,Not Recommended,239200,8067702,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,N31N,"You walk around in a haunted house, and read a scary story with creepy parts thrown in while some scary stuff happens around you every now and then."
76561197987816557,Not Recommended,239200,22702883,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Berry[LinuxMint],excrement on a stick walking simulator where you cannot get hurt.
76561197972478015,Not Recommended,239200,22711186,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,poofin,Incredibly boring compared to the original.  It felt more like the local carnival's haunted kiddie roller-coaster than a true descent into horror.
,Recommended,239200,14770176,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,shapes345,"well, its a machine, and it is for pigs. it is a machine for pigs."
,Not Recommended,239200,7870950,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Steven 'strajk-' Borges,"From master-piece to casualized cinematic experience. Frictional Games just showed us the EA way of ruining a game...While this game still retains the series way of making a great story arc, they yet forgot to add what made the first installment so famous...the gameplay, and the scaryness factor.This game got so casualized that you no longer have to worry about sanity, health and oil. You get an infinite supply of light, your health gets generated over time, sanity no longer exists so you won't hear the mindbreaking sounds of your persona grieving the situation that he's within, and the worst of all, the scary factor is that of a 3 year old getting scared by a person appearing out of a corner.Conclusion, they had all the potential, but decided to go after the pathetic new standard of video games, the cancer ruining video games, which is ""Cinematic Experience"".My metascore score would be: 50/100, great story, terrible gameplay."
,Recommended,239200,7948230,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,정국 ✮ Cookie ✮,Don't right click in the loading screen ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ CRASH
,Recommended,239200,9731186,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lolfy Boy,"The Long Awaited amnesia a machine for pigs, well here my reviewPros: infinite light for the lanterngood writinggood storyCons: Not scary at allNo inventorynot as interactive as the first amnesiaNo Chase music like in the firstover all honestly this game does NOT feel like the amnesia i know, BUT it has a good story.  But for those looking for a scare i do NOT recommend this game, those looking for a good story i RECOMMEND this one.  Yeah sure it has horror bits in it but you can honestly see it coming.Honest Review score would be sadly 6/10"
76561198031018544,Not Recommended,239200,20740149,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Korgoth,Sucks
,Not Recommended,239200,8609995,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,LAUNDRY DAY,Lack of horror elements.Lack of puzzle solving.200% Linear.Keep Calm and pull the lever.Does not do justice to the Amnesia name.
,Recommended,239200,14491314,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's aite.
,Not Recommended,239200,18435138,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,NaughtyBear,walking simulator
76561198096846285,Not Recommended,239200,23176669,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,usswanker,Loved Amnesia: The Dark Descent but this game failed.
,Recommended,239200,23813432,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Wall - E,-Start's Game-Instant Regreat♥♥♥♥♥♥On MySelf10/10
,Not Recommended,239200,22344901,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Baiku,"Walking simulator with brain dead puzzles, writing, and enemies.  Almost no scares.  Buy it on sale if you must or just replay Amnesia: The Dark Descent."
76561198057359100,Not Recommended,239200,10267349,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sensei Lenny,NO! DONT GET THIS! IT WILL CRASH ON YOU ALL THE TIME!
,Recommended,239200,34184578,Posted: 11 August,all,TheManGames,Very good story not as scary as the first but still good
,Not Recommended,239200,31681272,Posted: 11 May,all,Pale Lights,"Terrible story, boring gameplay, crap horror tropes.The Dark Descent was far more interesting."
,Not Recommended,239200,31730229,Posted: 13 May,all,DippyChon,Paled in comparisson to The Dark Descent.Couldn't get into it.
,Not Recommended,239200,33959419,Posted: 1 August,all,Munk Man,If i could play it without the screen bugs and lighting problems are the basic stariotypical story maybe it would be a good game..... But it's that. Bugs... Bad story... Well that makes a bad game.The game before this one was great tho
,Not Recommended,239200,11225399,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,FOOL,"The short - Incredibly disappointing. Feels like one overwhelmingly long button-pressing sequence due to poor pacing, repetitive environments, and a complete lack of urgency.The long - A large part of the game is spent meandering around mansions and steam shops, pressing buttons, and waiting for people to stop talking about vaguely creepy things that you won't understand, and frankly, will completely forgot about until the next telephone segment. Puzzles range from simply pressing a button, to holding a button, and then wiggling the mouse a bit. Sometimes you have to find an object, and then put it in another, bigger object. Sometimes, twice! The story? I dunno, something about pigs? I guess it's a metaphor for people being greedy sharts, or something, but who cares? There are pig monsters, and they're too funny to pay attention to anything else."
76561198088180034,Not Recommended,239200,11606676,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Antwone,"Horrible. What a joke. Save your money and play outlast instead. This game was not scary at all nor was the gameplay well produced. Very short story, and very apathetic"
76561197999892327,Recommended,239200,7795745,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Serious,"A great gam ..... piece of art.The Story is absolutely amazing, the Chinese room made a milestone in the horror adventure genre.But if you want the same style horror as Amnesia the dark descent you should play it or one of the Costume Storys."
76561198037253620,Not Recommended,239200,10549200,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr. Synth,"*Chinese Room HQ*""so what made the first Amnesia game so great?""""limited supplies, sanity, health, limited oil, interesting story, creepy scenarios and enemies non-predictable story, it was longer than 2 hours, and it was scary.""""good, now take all that useless stuff out, and put in everything and anything that people didnt like from the first Amnesia and Dear Esther""and thus, this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥was born, probably one of the worst games i have ever played"
76561198034667205,Not Recommended,239200,29971274,Posted: 16 February,all,TheFrogs,"Got to the part where you have to put the fuel container in the truck, spent ten minutes rotating the box to no avail.0/10 would not rotate boxes again."
76561198022632674,Not Recommended,239200,13596030,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Derek The Magnificent Bastard,"Terrible disappointment.  I was a HUGE fan of the original and pre-ordered this game eagerly awaiting the second one. If you are a big fan of the original do yourself a favor: Stay FAR away from this one. Has nothing of the elements that made the first one such a delight to play. It's ironic that I only payed $5 for The Dark Decent and this isn't even worth $2. All comes around in the end I guess. The puzzles are non existing, you can hardly interact with ANYTHING, and the story is pretty dull. Do not waste your time."
76561198012449414,Not Recommended,239200,16814396,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dr.Freeman_OG,Buy the original. This one is poop.
,Not Recommended,239200,11801083,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Rockloudly,"While it is a fun-ish game, when it comes to scaring you... It's ineffective.If you want a good horror game, I'd recommend 'Outlast'"
76561198025607300,Recommended,239200,31992211,Posted: 27 May,all,Morton Koopa Jr.,"I got this way back when it was first released, excited to play the sequel to Amnesia. However, upon realizing that there was no inventory, no light system, the inability to pick up everything, or even open everything...I was rather disappointed. I meant to keep playing, but as it seemed to be strictly a walking simulator without the physics based puzzles of the original, I could never motivate myself to keep going. (And that was just from like, the first half hour or so, before you even realized how much of a walking simulator it was.)But now, fastforward a few years, and I've played a few walking simulator spectrum games that I've enjoyed (namely the free game Fingerbones, and the other two adventure games by the same dev). They were all short (under an hour) but really entertaining experiences.I even went and played Soma since, so it's been a while. So, I've finally found myself back to this game. And frankly, I'm pleasantly surprised. Without the expectations I had from Amnesia (which is fair really, given the name lol), it was an excellent journey. The music, the atmosphere, the story and the way it developed...You get a reasonably diverse range of environments, lots of nice scares, and an unsettling feel throughout, which increasingly intensifies over the course of the game as things get weirder (there's a few design and aesthetic choices that I thought were excellent) and you learn a bit more about what the protagonist has forgotten.I do recommend it; I think it's an excellent game as long as you realize what it's going for. This isn't quite Amnesia 2.0, and as long as you're not expecting crazy puzzles or neverending cat+mouse situations in the latter half of the game, I think you'll find it to be a fun and engaging experience."
,Not Recommended,239200,26992980,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fixedgerald,Its not good.
,Recommended,239200,10068418,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Dravvad,"The first issue I had with the game was running it. Issues went all over the place with the FPS and the game was nearly crashing even with every setting at minimum or off. I have a computer that could run it just fine, so it's not my PC. Others noted this problem and apparently it's still not fixed, though somehow the game ""fixed itself"" after I tweaked some things in the game and on my PC, then deleted my profile and restarted. After that, it ran fine with normal/high settings... not sure why, because my final settings were exactly the same as an earlier test that didn't work.Besides that, the game looks good, sounds good, and plays well (once you figure out the FPS issue, somehow). The story is captivating and in some senses I think the game was more focused on painting a bigger picture with more details than the first game was. The first game had a decent story but it put some weird things together and ended on a somewhat odd note. This game did much better with its lead-up to the finale.But in terms of environment, it was nowhere near as scary. In some senses, I don't think I would dock the game too much for that. Yes, it's a horror game and it should be scary... but the story was good enough for me to continue playing. I was captivated by that and didn't mind so much that there were less horrifying places (like the prison from the first Amnesia).In the end, I think that the story of this game is much more memorable than the first game's, but that the first game's environment and areas are more memorable than in this game. Both games have their stronger points, but it would be nice to see a third Amnesia come with a strong story, lots of horror, and terrifying and memorable environments altogether."
76561198062922439,Not Recommended,239200,11816847,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mattiaiannone,"Is this a game? Seems most an interactive movie. It takes almost half of the game to encounter an enemy and even thereafter action doesn't grow much. Puzzles are mostly boring and very basic, they won't challenge you. Positive points are the atmosphere and the the way the story is slowly enveiled, slowly letting you in."
,Recommended,239200,8489194,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pitpat,8/10
76561198100031712,Not Recommended,239200,8498765,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BiggieCheese,"it sucks every time i play, it just makes me sp!n !n c!rcle and !t really makes me mad!!!!!!!!!! >:("
76561198065815924,Recommended,239200,18301213,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PremiumCache,It's been a while since I've felt true dread when playing a horror game. The first encounter with the monster is something I won't forget. Nearly a year after I've played it and I can still remember what happened. If a game has that much of an impact on you and is still fun then it's a good game. This is a good game.
76561198084382500,Recommended,239200,20364056,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MAKELELE-MAN,"wow.....excellent horror game, I love it"
,Not Recommended,239200,13812695,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Schnidel,"I hated it. It was boring and you couldn't pick stuff up, what made the first game interesting for me.♥♥♥♥♥dis! Bad sequal... or pre.. I DONT CARE!! SHHH!! 11/Bananas"
76561198056068208,Not Recommended,239200,25295352,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PixelBuff,"Terrible sequel, one of the worst games I've played. Strips away all the interesting gameplay mechanics from the original (sanity, inventory management, stamina, lantern oil, puzzles, basically everything) and turns it into an extremely basic walking simulator with a bloated and incomprehensible plot that pales in comparison to the original.Developers are also huge a$$holes, smack talking better, far more talented devs on Twitter. If I could refund this I would. Garbage."
76561198034377308,Not Recommended,239200,33434052,Posted: 10 July,all,<°UC°>Styl3x[357.]#Alpha,Dieses Spiel ist eine totale enttäuschung für die die the Dark Decent gespielt haben. ;(
76561197972933070,Not Recommended,239200,25382281,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Borador,Boring and not that scary.
,Recommended,239200,15850951,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,feasega,Express Installation
,Not Recommended,239200,31518719,Posted: 2 May,all,[⚶] GUEST,A pig wouldn't would play in this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197966603584,Not Recommended,239200,7962224,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,NeXuS,Biggest load of trash ive ever played. STAY AWAY!
,Not Recommended,239200,15045319,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Yahichiko,A little slow pasted and less scarier that the earlier game
,Not Recommended,239200,12693622,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,vans0111,"Wow this was a horrible game.  The entire thing is a spoon fed ""horror"" game."
,Not Recommended,239200,24610998,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sir Matthew The Splendid,More like a machine for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Beacause it succks haha
,Recommended,239200,439626,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Gus the Crocodile,"This was tremendous. Yes, it's not as ""interactive"" as Dark Descent or as heavy on the explicit ""scares"", but there are other games for that. This is still very much a horror game, very much a fitting member of the Amnesia family, it just takes a different tack, and I'm really happy it did.It's weirder than DD, is much more interested in the world and thus HAS a more interesting world to show you. The narrative isn't what I'd call subtle, but there's a lot more to it than DD (though that isn't really saying much). I thought it was woven together really well, paced well, not reliant on infodumps but maintaining a good sense of mystery throughout. There are some fantastic scenes - especially in the latter half - and the sound design and soundtrack blew me away, really. There are some aspects I thought were a bit weak, but nothing I can mention in a recommendation and nothing that isn't made up for in spades by the game's strengths."
76561198043764066,Recommended,239200,18830605,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,IkoN Clan Les legi 102 community,Despite the warnings I went into A Machine for Pigs with bright eyes and LOVED IT!!!!!!!! WOULD TOTALLY support chinese room and frictional..just no more animals!!!!!!! xD
,Recommended,239200,25420858,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,A big♥♥♥♥♥machine and Electro Pig. Good game (6/10)
76561198068251466,Recommended,239200,7744652,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Le Fedora Lenny,"I loved the original amnesia so when this came out, i nearly died before i started. While i played the game, they kept the spooky atmosphere yes. But they had removed the sanity meter and backpack. I noticed differences throughout the whole game that wasnt from the original. When it was over and i beat the game i noticed problems that i will not say. If your gonna get this game, dont expect the same exact experience the original did. It still the same experience as a whole, but in a different way than normal."
,Not Recommended,239200,18139762,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,"Dastric ""CoolHunts"" Pastrificus","WTF!!! Okay, so I bought this a year after buying the first Amnesia, Amnesia The Dark Decent. After The Dark Decent didnt work, I didnt stress, I MEAN I ONLY BOUGHT IT FOR 20 DOLLARS..anyway, so after totally giving up on The Dark Decent, I bought Machine For Pigs, hoping it would be a bit better considering a year had passed so maybe they'd fixed this.Wrong.Amnesia Machine For Pigs doesnt launch, very similar to its prequel. It might have something to do with my Windows 7 Laptop, but along with Lemma, these games are the only ones who have done this to me, and I own a wide variety of games like Garrys Mod, Counter Strike Global Offensive, The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, The Escapists, Battle Block Theater and more. I would like guideness on how to fix this, in stead of uninstalling it along with The Dark Decent and forgetting about it, and only the only rememberance of it is that it was a crap♥♥♥♥♥game that didnt freaking work."
,Not Recommended,239200,11003620,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zlesna The Darkness,"Score: 56Concept: Survival Horror AdventureThe original Amnesia sort of jump started the horror genre for video games back into life. After Amnesia: The Dark Descent we would be given Home, Outlast, Don't Starve, Limbo, Daylight, and others. So when this one came out I was expecting either more of the same or a better game overall. Well... I'll tell you right off the bat what the problem I had with this game was, I'm still playing and very close to beating it, so my opinion has not changed. This game is boring. I fought sleep through the entire game. I'm only slightly interested in the story and they took too much out from the original game.The original game could be tedious at times, but at least it was difficult and actually scary. This game removes the sanity meter. So, now you can chill in the dark, without freaking out. This would be okay, but it removes that tense nature from the game. You have a lantern that never runs out of fuel. Again, cool concept, however it removes the survival aspect from the game. Fuel was one of the resources in the last game and in this game you're never frantically searching for resources. You don't lose and gain health. The only things you have as a 'resource' is the letters and notes from the first game. But I'm so disinterested in the story that I haven't read any of that crap.Here is another peeve, its the same monster. In the first game there were several monsters. In this game there is one type of beast, the pig monster. C'mon, change it up. One point in the games favor is the setting. While the game is obviously very dark, you actually get to spend time outside at one point. The surroundings are incredibly varied, one point you could be in a mansion, then in a factory, then in the inner works of a large machine. I suggest not wasting your money on this pill of bore unless you are a die hard survival horror fan, even then...Second Opinion: It's like a Myst... Dark Myst. Yeah. So if you're expecting to be scared, find something else. However, if you want a really well written adventure game look no further. I personally can't play Myst because I fall asleep two seconds into the game, but I am aware that it has a fan base. Enjoy you crazy Myst fans."
76561198104494611,Not Recommended,239200,12104273,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Dualpeppy,"Horrible, huge let down."
76561197997693040,Recommended,239200,10716147,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ViciousPuppet,I cried. I laughed. My heart was ripped from my chest.
76561197975801184,Not Recommended,239200,23951017,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,-=Fexxe=-,a total letdown
76561198034672449,Not Recommended,239200,7979303,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,CNN is FAKE NEWS,You play walk about in a meat processing factory  - sounds scary right? Fk no - this game is as a dry as paint on a wall. Do yourself a favor and get an actual horror game like dead space or outlast
,Not Recommended,239200,13989052,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Fancy,"This game's better than a bag of rice, that's for sure.But it ain't better than the Dark Descent.""Humanity's bad, so I better find a cure""I'm seeing mutant pigs, what a ♥♥♥♥ing scent.I hear a lotta people, and they're dyin'.Gotta find my sons cus they sound like girls cryin'Of course they're underground, what else would be scaryNot this game. Screw rhyming.Story: 8/10.Scariness: 2/10.Sadness: 5/10.Puzzles: 2/10.Random rating: 7/10."
,Not Recommended,239200,23743321,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sentinel Zeke,Spook 2
,Not Recommended,239200,24100771,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ThePwner,"Started playing the video game. Great game let me tell you, full of spooks and scary skeletons. Really really good game let me tell you. Was playing it with my girlfriend I was, i had some fruit snacks beside me and when I did good in the game she would reward me. I ate some when she wasnt looking. When i got to the point in the game where I had to put the chemicals on the mixer and spin it everything was fine. Then apon approaching the door that I had to put the mixture on. It touched the door and then put me in the ground. One second later I was in one of the mixture rooms where you send the mixture on the shoot to the main room but the door was shut and i was locked in. Because of that I dont reccomend this ♥♥♥♥ing piece of shti game that shut on godzilla's nipple hair. Becase those ♥♥♥♥ing little pig tmnt's are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and the ♥♥♥♥ing door with the ♥♥♥♥ing goo is ♥♥♥♥ing stupiud. and all and all this game is just, ♥♥♥♥ing stupi.d 11/10 ign"
,Recommended,239200,33144495,Posted: 2 July,all,TINY RICK!!,best horror game ever
,Not Recommended,239200,7445308,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Crunchy Soap,"The much anticipated sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, falls quite a bit short. I have no idea what the developers were thinking. They removed the inventory, there is no sanity meter, no health bar, no tinderboxes to light candles and torches, very few puzzles, you can no longer pick up objects, there's no fun places to hide in, the monsters are hardly scary and become too frequent and casual, and your lantern is now electrical so you don't have to worry about oil. Basically, they took out everything that made Amnesia scary and intense. Not to mention, the whole game is only 3 hours long. I will say that it has one of the sickest plots that I've ever experienced in a video game, but other than that, there isn't much else. A few scares here and there and a messed up story, but it just doesn't even come close to the first Amnesia game in my opinion. Basically, it's just 3 hours of holding the W key while ocasionally pressing Shift to outrun the monsters. The game had some serious potential, but ultimately led to disappointment.My Rating: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,24040142,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bokoura,It lacks all the subtlety of the first game.
,Not Recommended,239200,31303217,Posted: 22 April,all,AOTISM,"Walking Simulator as of 2017. Paths were too obvious, monsters did not even do didly squat, they just went ""Oogly Boogly"" and were easy to get away from. I only died once throughout the entire game because I went up to a monster and gave it a hug. Only reason I bought and played it was because it is currently four bucks as of the time I wrote this review.Not a well spent four dollars."
,Not Recommended,239200,25059270,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,KLL | ShadowHawk,"This isn't a bad game, except for it's mechanics. MFP has removed many Amnesia TDD mechanics such as conserving oil for your lantern (Now has an infinite use), The inventory, stamina (You don't lose stamina in the game, nor do you have any), and being able to pick just about everything up because why not? (YOU CAN'T PICK UP ANYTHING). The story is not terrible, but is poorly understood throughout most of the game, and personally I expected the sequal to be about either Daniel returning to the ruins of Castle Brennenburg or playing as Daniel's son left alone after Daniel suffered from (Amnesia maybe?) some type of disease, but this was truly dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,239200,206935,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Stoibs,"*yawn* Oh sorry, I was waiting for the scary parts of ths game to rear its head, seems they buggered up the title of this game by accidently putting 'Amnesia' in there to ride the coat tails and success of its predecessor. This is Dear Esther 2, with completely non scary - and oftentimes comical looking - pigmen foes with a yawn-fest non frightening atmosphere and story.Get Outlast Instead, or better yet the first proper Amnesia game ‘the Dark Decent’."
76561198010134705,Not Recommended,239200,29511883,Posted: 26 January,all,Selva,I have not played much.  But it's got some bugs.Has serious mouse issues when not in 1st person mode.No allowances for getting stuck in places that make no sense.(I had to quit becasue I could not get out of the bath tub.  Apparently I was stuck under the faucet.)Two semi major glitches in the first 20 mins combined with a rreally long wait for loading and...I'll play this some more and I might change my mind.But I can't in good concience reccomend a game that I have to fight with my mouse to get the pointer on the same side of the screen as the main menu.
,Recommended,239200,10853539,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,lord crow,theres a ♥♥♥♥ing water part Chinese Room i thought we were OVER THIS
76561197961235023,Not Recommended,239200,11526337,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Chuppa,"If you played Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs before Dark Descent its OK, but after original game it's really step backward. less enemies and if so, its really ridiculous. No fear, unlimited oil lamp, no tinderboxes.. Predictable story and unsympathetic voice of main character. This game is good, but not excellent. And price is really high."
,Recommended,239200,18054321,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Snake,"Yes, it's nowhere as scary as the original game. Yes, it should not have been called ""Amnesia"".Yes, it's a very solid, subtle, rich and detailed thriller / slow burn horror experience, which is recommendable to anyone who does not need to wet his pants around every corner and can take in the finer (perhaps a bit pretentious) details of the storytelling."
,Not Recommended,239200,8618751,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Cid Silverwing,"Developers need to stop outsourcing sequels, or you get abominations like A Machine For Pigs. Literally the only connection it has with the first is the new protagonist too has amnesia (with no explanation that I can remember), and the whole sub-plot about finding his (dead) sons kind of gets lost by the wayside as you stumble your way into an anti-climax.Do not buy this if you loved the first Amnesia."
,Not Recommended,239200,12762209,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Keyzzerr,Infidel meat0/10Would not halal.
,Not Recommended,239200,653661,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Source,No inventory. Simple as ♥♥♥♥ puzzles. Non-scary monsters. Regen Health. 4/10 Disappointed. Buy cheap or not at all.
76561198172269615,Not Recommended,239200,29838756,Posted: 10 February,all,LeftClicker,This Game Is Not Scary. Its not anything other than a giant waste of clicks that I can NEVER GET BACK.  I am officially tired of developers taking a game name and putting sequel after sequel.  LAME
,Not Recommended,239200,29922472,Posted: 14 February,all,Aergis,Felt like short walking simulator
,Not Recommended,239200,389715,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,bafta-winning nutsack noose,"go ahead and buy the original, or outlast, they are better than this.worth 10 though."
,Recommended,239200,6797234,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,IDGAFOS,NO.
76561197984776622,Recommended,239200,7792674,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,eternalsnows,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a masterpiece. A masterpiece of storytelling, a masterpiece of atmosphere, and a masterpiece of thematic depth and cohesion.What it is not, though, is a masterpiece of game design, simply because it's not a ""game."" No mechanical skill or special mental acuity are required to succeed. There are no choices to be made that affect the story or its conclusion. This is very much a spiritual successor to Dear Esther (it was designed by the same studio), with only superficial similarities to Amnesia: The Dark Descent.At its core, The Dark Descent was an old school adventure game, something which I actually didn't like about it. It was incredibly atmospheric, scary, and downright disturbing, but to me the puzzles served as a frequently annoying distraction from exploring the grim and compelling world laid before me.A Machine for Pigs almost entirely forgoes these game elements and transitions completely to the interactive fiction genre. And what a work of interactive fiction it is. Dear Esther was an extraordinarily well-crafted and moving experience, but AMfP improves on it in every way. The writing is masterful, weaving together themes of guilt, original sin, the duality of man, religion, and socio-political philosophy. The visuals are superb and nearly flawless, although I did find myself frustrated by the lack of reflecting mirrors and more naturalistic fog effects. Minor complaints to be sure, but ever so slightly immersion-breaking nonetheless.I must also shower composer Jessica Curry with the highest praise. Her work in Dear Esther was breathtaking and here again we find her practicing at the pinnacle of her art. Music is absolutely integral to the success of AMfP. Not only does Curry manage to underscore the emotional significance of each section perfectly, but every cue is also a brilliantly original composition in its own right. Search out Mors Praematura online to hear exactly what I'm talking about. At the risk of sounding overly effusive I'd have to say that this is soundtrack of the year (or decade!) material.In closing, I think Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a spectacular creative achievement and deserves to be experienced by almost everyone. Yes, it is unusual and is most definitely not a game, nor is it anything like Amnesia: The Dark Descent. As long as you are aware of these facts going in and are able to re-calibrate your expectations early on I guarantee that you're in for a deep, thought-provoking and one of a kind experience."
76561198071937825,Not Recommended,239200,25223366,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bren,So from about halfway through this game I was actually bored and just wanted it to be over. IMO there is almost no horror at all.
76561197970538611,Recommended,239200,17671255,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Westenra,"A solid horror-adventure game with light puzzling and terrific atmosphere. Worth playing for the story alone. No inventory means you don't have to backtrack across the entire map to dig a hole with a broken glass needle, so Dark Descent fanboys may be disappointed. Their loss."
76561197968560421,Not Recommended,239200,18058333,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,RandalMcdaniel,It's a shame that this developers profound knowledge of industrial engines does not apply to video game engines as well.
,Not Recommended,239200,2153271,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Vermilion Wlad,"""From the creators of Dear Esther"" is the same brand of quality as ""Bioware writing"". No challenge, no spooks, monsters are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ midgets, no inventory, 2 hour ""game"". DO NOT BUY."
76561197995070321,Not Recommended,239200,31088415,Posted: 11 April,all,cspaintball,Get Amnesia: The Dark Descent
,Recommended,239200,26101340,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,yvo_duh,"I wanted to play all the games that I own for at least 2 hours to make good and usefull reviews<Great game, Love to see more variants like this. its fun to play alone or with a group of friends (as I preferred it)The graphics of this game are good and some should be a little bit better.The audio is well done, at some points it is really loud and scary because of the situation in game, the game is wayy less scary if you play it without audio.Of course a lot of people have played this game so why wouldnt you?>"
,Recommended,239200,26306020,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,yesdrama,wORKED FOR ME
76561197961265156,Recommended,239200,14785268,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Master Swoleshi,Better than the original
,Recommended,239200,14551427,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,$JHNY,this game is for homosexuals and not good i think it should be stop
76561198110355369,Recommended,239200,20760286,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Harold Shipman,"An awesome sequel to an epic game. Amnesia: A machine for pigs takes you on a journey through a large factory complex set in victorian era England. While not connected to the first game, it certainly doesn't disappoint. The storytelling is yet again A* and the atmosphere is rich with fear and tension. Your children have gone missing and only a mysterious stranger on the end of a telephone is willing to guide you through the various warehouses, waste tunnels and mechanical machinery that will ultimately lead you to your little darlings, and your fate. Prepare your mind and soul for a harrowing night of intense chases, startling events and gruesome discoveries. Good luck, pilgrim. The pigs are watching..."
,Recommended,239200,33256005,Posted: 4 July,all,CupCupBaconBox,DO YOU LIKE WALKING THROUGH BROWN? THEN YOU'LL LOVE THIS GAME. YOU WALK THROUGH THE COLOR BROWN FOR THREE HOURS AND THEN IT ENDS.
,Not Recommended,239200,29946586,Posted: 15 February,all,ilari.nummila,.
,Not Recommended,239200,30745488,Posted: 26 March,all,[DeRab] Nigga Logic,"They had no right to put ""Amnesia"" in the title here.Good game on its own, but can't even remotely compare to the original; inventory is gone, puzzles are simple and boring and thrown in as a token distraction, *zero* connection to the original in terms of plot (except for one single note that was probably just thrown in to justify calling this an Amnesia game), never felt the dread I got from the first, and no official mod support, nothing about this brings back what we all liked about the Dark Descent.If only they hadn't tried to coattail on TDD's pedigree, this might have been received much more positively, but as it stands, it's basically a slap in the face."
76561198057362565,Not Recommended,239200,12469491,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,showtyyx,My game crashes at the same spot every time i play it.
76561198078430261,Recommended,239200,26215148,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Prästen  | gamekit.com,"Too scared to keep playing, 10/10."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,239200,12267248,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"I only played this drunk, I got more p***** off than scared. Didn't even make it out of the first room before un-installing.I hate ""scary"" games that rely on puzzles and problem solving, PUZZLES ARE BORING!It sucks.0/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,35210454,Posted: 25 September,all,DwarfyWarfy,"I FINISH THE GAME, JUST SAYING.don't camper this game to amnesia the dark desent att all. (this game sucks)ther only a few select enemys like crawil pig,waking pig, something in the watter and big invisibal magic vodoobodoo vodka pig. and that it.the story is not that long, you can finish the game under 5 hours if you are a smart player. the horror is not that good.you know if thers a pig or not by the light flickering on and off, not like in the other game wher ther just ♥♥♥♥ing ther!.the story is week, ther a guy ho whants you to do something (he whants to save his schildren (i have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ happen to his childern bit the do look ugly)).pigs can realy see you in the dark just hold your distance and have somthing in betwen you twos.ther only one dning not like the the other game ther's are more then 1 ending.i'm lonly what about you eh?"
,Not Recommended,239200,12479416,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,not as spooky or good as dark descent
,Not Recommended,239200,12493500,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CoffeeMaker Gaming,not as good as dark descent
,Recommended,239200,5424446,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Fluxerik,"Short. Very Short. About 3 hours playtime  (probably less). Not really scary and the story makes no sense and is not always followable. The slo-mo moments every few rooms are annoying too.Buy it if you really want it, but don't expect it to be as scary and fun as the first one."
76561198022401258,Recommended,239200,9748396,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,BloodBunny,"I found this to be a very enjoyable game. Not so long you got bored with it but long enough for this type of game. The story is quite good if you take the time to read all the notes and properly observe your surroundings. It has very linear game play making it hard to get lost which works in this game as you dont want to walk around in circles wondering what you missed.There were some parts that made me jump but on the whole not scary as much as disturbing. Most of the puzzlles were reasonbly easy to work out. Its just a walking/running visual story. At first I wasnt grabed by the graphics but that became unimportant as the mood is set using good lighting and audio as opposed to highend graphics. (I am a graphics snob)Pro's-;1. The game worked well with keyboard and mouse.2, I enjoyed the story3. Excellant lighting and audio4. Easily worth 20 Dollars5. Worked with eyefinity and crossfire without me having to trouble shhoot and I experianced no bugs6. Good game for casualsCon's-;1.There is no weapons or fighting, nor are there any survival needs.2. There's no real fear of dying and if you do there are no consequences3.Could have been scarier and harderI have never played the original so cant compare it to that, and I played it expecting it to be crap. It sat on my pc for quite some time before I decided to give it a go. Im glad i did. This is not the type of game I would normly play, but i liked it and would look at more games from this developer. Overall I got 7 hrs play for 20 Bucks. That equals a good deal to meIf your unsure buy it when it goes on sale you shouldnt be dissapointed, unless you truly hate having to read stuff in game."
76561198079378649,Recommended,239200,9752050,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dr. Günglass Ph.D,"A very well done horror game with a cryptic, hard-to-follow storyline.+Well-done scares+Good story+Good voice actors+Fantastic artstyle-Lack of interatctivity"
,Recommended,239200,7378001,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Rancid Randy,"I was expecting this game very anxiously ever since I first heard of it. I pre-ordered it but didn't get to playing it only until recently. Despite the all-around negative comments and complaints I read, I decided to stay neutral and played it with an open mind and full immersion.The horror aspect (or lack thereof) was an incredibly huge disappointment for me, but the story was a worthy experience along with the atmosphere and musical score.Thus I recommend this game to anyone looking for an interesting and potentially immersive storyline experience."
76561198102415251,Recommended,239200,9758962,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,GINGERTHUNDER123,"Who ever says pigs arent scary, shut up and play this, i couldnt eat BACON for weeks!"
,Not Recommended,239200,1280936,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Red_Machine,"I was so looking forward to this...When I heard that Frictional were teaming up with The Chinese Room (of Dear Esther fame), I was expecting something pretty epic.  With Frictional's immersive gameplay and The Chinese Room's decent story writing and presentation skills, this seemed like a match made in heaven.  The reality, however, was that development was handed over lock, stock and barrel to The Chinese Room.  The result is not an Amnesia game, more ""Dear Esther: The Horror Story"".  To say I was disappointed would be the understatement of the century.The Dark Descent was one of the few games I enjoyed more for its gameplay than the story.  The monsters terrified me and the entire atmosphere of Castle Brennenburg filled me with a sense of cold dread and impending doom.  A Machine for Pigs felt like a different game entirely, with only mere vestiges of the Amnesia formula that I adored.  The gameplay consisted mostly of walking around, reading notes, listening to gramophones and pressing a few buttons/pulling a few levers.  The Pigs did not scare me in the least, they just provided an annoyance that I had to evade; unlike the Grunts, who scared the living hell out of me and made me want to hide until they went away.  The game is more about seeing supposedly ""scary"" stuff happen, rather than experiencing it yourself.  It seems like they were so proud of their story, that they removed almost all elements of gameplay so you would not get distracted.Overall, I would not recommend this game to fans of the original Amnesia and the Penumbra games.  While it might appeal to fans of Dear Esther, and games of that ilk where story is the sole focus of the game, it left me wanting much, much more."
,Recommended,239200,4951470,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Sudloo,still 2 spooky 4 me
,Not Recommended,239200,9732911,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Destru,"If you're looking even for 0-5% similiar experience as the The Dark Descent don't bother, you might perhaps maybe try it out if it's under 1€ in a sale or something."
,Recommended,239200,9867892,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,pkg,"I Really like the amnesia the dark decent game, and this one, BUT the dark decent had custom maps, but this game doesn't, and in the dark decent i almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants LITERLY IT WAS SO SCARY. get this game if you want, i think it was more emotional then scarry, but still a fun adventure."
76561198048931910,Recommended,239200,9885062,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kerry Craig,"It's not quite as scary as the first, but I still have to play it in the middle of the day. Those little pig dudes are creepy."
,Not Recommended,239200,9887173,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Zealot,"Dark Descent was much, much better.This game wasn't creepy in the slightest, and on top of being 'blue' (stupid overlay tint) was very bland and boring. I couldn't even bring myself to finish it as I felt like I'd been ripped off. Most of the previous gameplay elements were stripped away and the game lost a lot of charm from that."
,Not Recommended,239200,9887961,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,|UGA|PatPeter,"This is the worst game of 2013. No exception. The long-anticipated successor to the original Amnesia: The Dark Descent fell flat on its face because Frictional Games decided to pass off the development of this game to The Chinese Room, a terrible indie studio that has made nothing but bad games.Where to begin... Well first of all, you can't pick up any items. Did you like making barricades to defend yourself against gatherers? Too bad. Not that you'd need to make barricades anyway, on the account that there are virtually no scares. If you are scared by anything in this game after playing the original Amnesia, I would ask if you also use a night light... and want me to check for monsters in your closet.Did you like opening your inventory? Combining items? Using tinderboxes? Managing your oil? Oh well. You have a lantern with infinite oil. Now if you use your lantern with infinite oil the entire game, and still manage to find yourself scared, please re-read the last paragraph.Not to mention that the plot is reprehensible. It's almost a copy of Dear Esther, which was also a complete waste of money. There is a final boss which is somewhat entertaining, but if you get that far in the game you probably stopped caring a long time ago.Altogether, I will say that the environment was beautiful, and gave a large pool of new models to the Amnesia custom story community. For the first time, a female model exists in the Amnesia universe, and you are not plagued with naked, uncircumcised men in every area.Unless you're into that sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,239200,10631866,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The_Assimilator,"Too short, too simple, too un-scary, and overall completely unworthy of being the sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. If you want a truly horrifying experience, buy and play that game instead. A Machine For Pigs is a disappointment in every sense of the word."
,Recommended,239200,10633607,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Grev,2spooky4u
76561198080504947,Recommended,239200,10643975,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Placenta Fairy,Miss piggy on meth simulator.  Recommened for all ages between 7-18
,Recommended,239200,10677214,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DES,"1. word = SUPERFUNSCARYAWESOMENESS. I like those horror story games! This game is awesome, if you'r playing with headset you just hear the amezing realistic scary sounds, the soundtracks are just amezing in this game. And the most important, the puzzles in this game is a looooooooot easier then Amnesia: The dark descent, that makes it always fun!Ohhh, the monsters in this game ;) OMG! When a monster finds you he will chase you and if you hide, the monster keeps searching you the whole time! That gaves me the creep :O! This game is just AWESOME and I aint disapointed about it!!"
76561198096149762,Recommended,239200,10678160,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Meraxes,It is an ok game but not as good as the dark decent
,Recommended,239200,10627515,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,blacktides,"Think of it as a completely new game/experience. If you think of it as a sequel to the dark descent, you'll be disappointed.It's less stressing or ''scary'' tha its predecessor but I found it much more immersive, more atmospheric.Give it a chance! Worth it!"
76561198052021229,Recommended,239200,10630953,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,paulbob5000,Best 9-Ball Simulator game 9/10 would play again
76561198095011568,Recommended,239200,10658245,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ParmaLlama,swag
76561198059843340,Recommended,239200,19075447,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,frippertronic81,"This is a good but not very interactive horror story. Music is superb, the atmosphere and story are great."
,Recommended,239200,19334875,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,marinosval,"Although it isn't half as good as the first installment in the series, it's still a great horror game."
,Not Recommended,239200,19318044,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kevjin,"The game builds tention from the start, without anyting really happening. By the time I was 3/4 of the way through I had lost all interest and just wanted to get the game finished. Story and gameplay wasn't good enough to hold my interest.4/10"
,Recommended,239200,19181111,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,LiquidGyro,"SO MUCH BETTER THAN AMNESIA A MACHINE FOR PIGS.WOULD RECCOMEND, SP00KS 2 U8 SP00KS OUT OF 10"
76561198033039112,Recommended,239200,19244992,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Used Napkin,"As a sequel to Amnesia, this game really does fall flat but just remove ""Amnesia"" from the name and it's actually a quite good game, with excelent design, graphics, and atmosphere. It also does a couple things very well, even though some of them don't seem intentional, like when you meet your first enemy, which at that point is very late in the game. It's very psychological, in how we'd never go through these events in real life, but we power through some pretty thick atmosphere just because we think the game can't hurt us. It also constantly blurs the lines between reality and dream, what with the visions and some of the ridiculous machinery and architecture, leaving the player to decide if this is real or not. Definitely worth a playthrough."
76561198105038488,Recommended,239200,19375983,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Viktor Reznov,"REALLY GOOD GAME , SO MUCH TERROR"
,Recommended,239200,19464808,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TVR26,"I will recommend Amnesia:The dark decent more than Amnesia: A machine for pigs, but I am not saying that it's a bad game. Amnesia: A machine for pigs also has an atmosphere I like and some scares. I understand why some people gave this game a negetive review. It's because they are still used to the dark decent, but I am greatful that we have a second amnesia game.Amnesia: The dark decent--9/10Amnesia: A machine for pigs-- 7/10"
76561198035216175,Recommended,239200,17495016,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,kacktusman,"I really didn't know there was so much negative critique about the game out there and now that I found out I have to add some words myself.This game is NOT BAD AT ALL, it is just a different try to display the ""amnesia universe"".The gameplay might only be you walking, solving some puzzles here and there, but that's not what the game is about. It has a really nice and deep story that you need to understand to fully enjoy the game. You will have to read stuff you find and think about whats actually going on. If you know what it's all about, it is a really great game!And even further, it is well designed, the city, the houses and the machine look great and a lot of detail was put into it. The music is awesome and the voice acting too. It's kind of like a book that has been visualized so you can imagine the setting the way the writer wants you to.Also, it really has its scary moments too and you should play it alone in a dark room for best results. Even though the gameplay is not really that challenging, it still is a great game and AS LONG AS YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THE STORY it really IS WORTH CHECKING IT OUT.Even though I am really late with this review, I hope someone still finds it helpfull if he/she is considering getting this game."
,Not Recommended,239200,19285169,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,A Greenish Fog,"The monsters in this game is among  the top ten most frightening to me personally.But I am afraid that was mostly accomplished through reading scraps of paper I found while wandering otherwise aimlessly around empty environments. There is no gameplay and no exploration involved, simply long, pretty hallways for one to traverse.Perhaps with VR-Goggles it could be entertaining for a while, but one will surely be bored near the end and nothing but 2-4 frights to show for the hours spend."
76561197980971062,Recommended,239200,19390702,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Big Boss Nass,"Love this game. It has one of the coolest atmospheres of any horror game. The first Amnesia had a really cool atmosphere too but I prefer this one to the prequal. Machine for pigs has an interesting story and is scary and creepy as hell. It is hands down one of my favorite horror games. It gets a lot of unwarrented hate because it lacks a few things from Amnesia: The dark descent. It doesn't have the sanity mechanic which is pretty disappointing, it also lacks any inventory at all and you don't have the ability to grab any old object sitting around and manipulate it. You can only grab things which are vital to completing the game which kind of makes it a little too easy. These are the main reasons why people hate on this game and I wish that these things were in the game too. However, if you hear someone saying that this game is terrible and the worst game they have ever played, then they are just talking a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They are either butthurt that they left these things out of the game or they are just idiots.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a masterpiece in terror and psycological horror. The story and the environments is what keeps me coming back to this game. I love the concepts of this game and I love the shear dread you feel when that lantern starts to flicker on and off. This game masters anticipation and suspense.Don't believe the childish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that this game gets. It is just a bunch of entitled fanboys PMSing over petty♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love this game. I'd give it an 8/10. The reasons I would not give it a 10/10 is because I really miss the sanity system, the inventory, being able to grab everything and the final boss encounter is a bit underwhelming and takes place in a very boring and uncreative environment compared to the rest of the game. But everything else in the game is sublime!Get this game! Especially if it is on sale!"
,Recommended,239200,19422100,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,UnsolvedMrE,"""This world is a machine for pigs.""This game is worth playing for horror fans. However, it definitely has it's fair share of problems and I can see why it is less desirable than the Dark Descent.This is the type of game that seems incomplete. The puzzles were not very puzzling and the enemies were ridiculous looking and the overall gameplay left something to be desired.  That being said, the story is so much more engaging than the Dark Descent. This game relies heavily on environment, mood and atmosphere....all of which were well executed. I feel the developers created a much more interesting world in A Machine for Pigs but ending up devoting less time to actual gameplay.Worth it for the story alone."
76561198013556071,Recommended,239200,13460557,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pinkie Pyro,"A soild and game, not as scary as Dark desent also a bit repetative but its not bad8/10"
76561197970489108,Recommended,239200,415540,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Whazywha,"Much shorter and easier than the Dark Descent, but awesome regardless."
,Recommended,239200,3381975,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Newsman Waterpaper,Walking simulator 2013:Run and♥♥♥♥♥♥yo pants edition.
,Not Recommended,239200,8056684,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,BOOM BOOM,Big let-down compared to the dark descent. Riddles are reduced to turning switches and finding the next door. And by far not as scary...
,Not Recommended,239200,7943559,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Detective with the FunnyHat,this is a god forsaken game that seems like it is a beta for some half done peice of crap that won't even work for mei feel like they took out too many mechanics from the first game and just didn't give any effort
76561197980804917,Recommended,239200,7950513,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Nixy,Good game but a big disappointment comparing to The Dark Descent..
,Not Recommended,239200,7539907,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,_LCK_,Meh! Pegaram tudo o que era bom do primeiro e jogaram fora!é tão meia boca que nem consegui zerar !!!
,Recommended,239200,4160294,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Steelclaw1313,"This game is amazing. It is soo much better than The Dark Descent in a lot of different ways. One thing that really made me happy when I played the game was that unlike, The Dark Descent, in A Machine for Pigs there is electricity in the building! So there's always light (unless the lights go out). There is no sanity meter, so being in the dark will not harm you (Unless there's mosters lurking in the darkness). They still have a lantern that you carry around, but unlike the oil lantern in The Dark Descent, you now carry around an electric lantern that never runs out of fuel. This makes the game a lot easier and more fun to play because you are focusing more on the actually story rather than the survival of your character, including: trying to find oil and tinderboxes. I would recommend this game to anyone who liked The Dark Descent and if you haven't played that, then I recommend it to anyone who loves to be scared and likes to play horror games."
,Recommended,239200,8159412,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Tibby,Amazing. Simply amazing. The atmosphere is a drastic change from the last entry and the sounds keep me on edge. The machinery in the background and the creaking of the fllor beneath your feet is just wonderful. My favorite survival horror series!!!!
,Recommended,239200,3011050,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Gia/Fin,All hail the mighty pig!-PewDiePie
76561198067153684,Not Recommended,239200,8619896,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,The Endangered Lumber Heavy,"Simply put they removed too many elements from the previous game like Sanity and need for oil. This made the game far too simple for me to enjoy,you could not ""explore"" like you could in the previos game,you were always sent on a 100% linear path with no freedom to do things as before like throw things into a pot of acid.All containers were sealed so you could not go and find many supplies and all around the enemies were nowhere near as frightening as the gatherers you faced before. on a scale of 1 to 10 on being a scary game i give it a 3/10,It had potential from the previous game but was stripped to the bare bones and made less fun and scary to more boring and tedious."
76561198030204633,Not Recommended,239200,3983111,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,C H I E F,"Incredibly disapointing follow up to the previous Amnesia title. Poor story telling, incredibly linear, and lacking in content. The biggest and most frustrating change they had made to the game was unlimited lantern use and the lantern itself alerts you of ""monsters"" near by.This game is much more similar to Dear Esther than it is Amnesia: The Dark Descent."
76561198093030381,Not Recommended,239200,8608735,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,AWPU,"Come on really! This game suck! This doesn't live up to horror standards in my opinion. Also, it's nothing like the first one there maybe a couple monsters, but really aren't that much of a threat. The water monster from the first one was terriffieing now the water monster was shown maybe two times at most and they just add electricity to make you run away from it. Don't throw your money at this game and get the first one."
,Not Recommended,239200,8609506,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Deftone,It's like trying to replicate the best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Cannot be done.
,Not Recommended,239200,8454936,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Strikes,Biggest disappointment 2013
,Not Recommended,239200,2327553,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,ASSBUTT Dave the Father of Feels,It's a damn shame this game was♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239200,4639363,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Плоппя,"Not scary at all, insantiy and oil meters are gone, and the monster is more adorbale then scary.  Thanks for letting The Chinese Room ruin Amnesia frictional.musicisgoodtho"
,Not Recommended,239200,8611664,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Jegsyy,"If you are looking to have another experience to Amnesia The Dark Decent, this is not for you. It does not live up to its pre-successor and for £12.99 this was not something that I would buy, now knowing what it is like.If this game wasn't labelled as an Amnesia game, then it would have been a decent horror game and when it was released in the same week that Outlast was launched, this game does not compare to Outlast.If you're looking for a fun new Amnesia experience, then I highly suggest the custom (MOD) stories as these give a different storyline, whilst keeping the same concept of Amnesia The Dark Decent alive."
76561198029502669,Not Recommended,239200,8611994,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Garrul Estandarte Calavera,"If you have played the original Amnesia you will provably be disapointed. This game lacks the things that made its predecesor great.No exploration, there are plenty of doors but they are all locked, you are to follow the one and only path that will allow you to progress through the gamee, i.e. no side tracking.The flashlight lasts forever, there is no choice between blending with the environment at the cost of sanity (another mechanic that has been removed) or turn on the light but attract enemies. The new flashlight does not consume oil, you just turn it on and off whenever you want.The enemies are thrown in your face, there is no mystery surounding the monsters like there was in the original, you can see them through jails and other settings and that significantly detracts from the atmosphere.No puzzles, with the sanity gone so are the puzzles that helped you regain sanity when completed.Overall the game just feels like a preset path that you cannot deviate from and with the mechanics missing that I just talked about it's just not even half the game the dark descent was."
,Recommended,239200,664374,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Mr. Meatcleaver,"I felt very underwhelmed about the game, but I'll try and make as unbiased a recommendation as I can.Pros:The game keeps the same amount of atmosphere from the first game.-The level design is pretty cool, mixing pseudo-industrialism and victorian england together.-There's a nice chunk of backstory and fluff, both which I enjoy greatly.Oh boy, now for the cons:The constant blue tint when the game wants you to feel spooked gets incredibly grating, making it look like you're wearing blue glasses everytime something scary happens.-The way the games story suffers the same problem as Dear Esthers, often belting out incomprehensible ""2deep4u"" drivel that it tries to mask as dark and deep, which I guess The Chinese Room is to blame for.-The game is laughably short, taking a maximum of 2-3 hours to complete.-There's barely, if any, real puzzles in the game. Its mostly a walk forward, get blue tinted screen, get spooked, repeat.-The enemy design is a huge step down from the first game. I won't say what the enemies look like in AMFP, but the thing that made the enemies in the first game terrifying is that they only looked vaguely human, you had to look twice to understand just what was wrong with them. Comparing the AMFP monsters to the first games monsters makes them look sloppy and unconvincing.All in all, its not really worth the 15,99€, unless you're determined. Wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,239200,8613370,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,wakefield,A Machine for Pigs was a pretty big let down. As you progress it quickly becomes obvious that Frictional Games had very little to do with this game besides lending their engine to The Chinese Room. The result is an experience that feels spiritually closer to Dear Esther and lacks any of the dread or intensity of its namesake. The most disapointing aspect of the title is how much squandered potential its premise held. In the right hands it had the makings of a truly disturbing psychological experience.
,Not Recommended,239200,8614891,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Boink,"A very disappointing sequel to the previous game. Even though it was published by the same company as the first Amnesia, it lacks several features. There is no item inventory, the lantern never goes out even though you have the choice to turn it on and off, there is little to no interaction with any objects, almost no puzzles and even the puzzles are all no brainers, and they completely removed the sanity system which also means there's no scares with low sanity. It took quite a long time for the first monster to attack you. The monster itself is not, in my opinion, all that scary. Looking at the monster doesn't make your vision blur nor is there the creepy noise when the monster spots you. There have been times where the monster would not chase me even if I came up to it. Overall, I did not have a satisfying experience with this game and was hoping for something much better."
,Not Recommended,239200,8615086,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Tardcore,"It has the atmosphere one would expect from a game in the Amnesia series, but absolutely nothing else. It doesn't offer any of the complex puzzle solving like the previous entry, so it's mostly a game you experience by walking around and reading through notes and toggling unskippable in-game dialogues. A Machine for Pigs feels rushed and just took off in a direction that it shouldn't have gone. It's very short on top of all of the other problems, so it feels more like an expanded DLC than an actual successor to the original. I'd only recommend this game if you're looking for something to go through quickly on the cheap around Halloween time. Other than that, you can skip A Machine for Pigs. Stick with the original."
76561198045785140,Recommended,239200,8803644,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,emesary22,"dark and mysterious and scary, beautiful graphics. not for those who dont enjoy being scared. well worth the 20 dollars. although make sure you play the dark descent first."
,Recommended,239200,6534119,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,nemo da fish,"A far cry from its predcessor in terms of scares. However, the ghastly astmosphere, brilliant soundtrack and in addition the gruesome, disturbing story makes this game well worth your money."
76561198105333651,Recommended,239200,7284971,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,AlexC1511,
,Not Recommended,239200,8720540,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,HebeKikeBerg,nothing like the first one. took out helplessness factor with light.  you dont go insane in the dark.  2 hour campaign (if that).  not made by frictional.  1/10 for ending
76561197972023672,Not Recommended,239200,8726565,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,dogflaps,"At best an atmospheric trudge through some dimly lit but beautifully imagined environments, at worst: a tedious slog, cash grab and sly usage of the Amnesia brand. When the original Amnesia game came out, it was like nothing I had ever experienced in a game before. Forget all 'classic' gaming horror moments such as the Lickers first appearance is Resident Evil 2, that was naught but a jump scare compared to Amnesia's unrelenting sense of paranoia, terror and suspense. There was numerous points when I put my mouse and keyboard down and just couldn't make it any further; the stress was too much. 'If this was real, this is where I'd just curl up to die' I told myself. So it was with much anticipation that I installed A Machine For Pigs.Much delayed and crafted by a different developer, A Machine For Pigs is a colossal disappointment. Removing many key and integral features from the original such as your characters wavering sanity and limited light supply, AMFP just isn't scary. In an interview, developers The Chinese Room argued that the sanity effects of the original were removed as they were unnecessary and an artificial challenge to contend with. I couldn't disagree more. What worked so well in the original was that simply looking at the monsters clouded your vision and made you more difficult to control, so you'd be desperately running for your life but barely able to look back at your pursuer to see if you'd lost them, less you go even more insane. It was terrifying, but more importantly, it effectively hid the somewhat janky monster design, leaving it your imagination, which was infinitely more terrifying. You're not restricted from looking at the monsters in AMFP, and so when you do finally catch a glimpse of one (which takes bloody ages), you see that they're simply not scary. And once that fear is gone, the game essentially becomes a speed run through environments. Gone are the days of shuffling down a a corridor, sweating from every pore in your body. Once you realise you have nothing to fear, you can just sprint through the rooms and the monsters are too slow to do any damage.Speaking of the monsters, there are probably less than 15 in the whole game that can actually damage you. Meetings between man and man-pig are so rare that at times you forget they even exist.But the game has a great atmosphere and sound design. Environments are well designed, suitably gloomy and grungy but filled with nothing to get the heart beating. If this games as marketed as The Chinese Room's follow up to Dear Esther, a story driven plod through some atmospheric locations, then you'd be hard pressed to be disappointed. But it's not. It's billed as a sequel to Amnesia, the scariest game of all time, and in that sense it's an utter failure. Attaching itself to the Amnesia brand feels like a manipulative cash grab, a cynical attempt at tricking gamers into buying a game that would otherwise probably sell far less. I can't help but feel somewhat betrayed by both parties involved, and it has definitely made me reconsider any future purposes I would have made."
76561198035870271,Recommended,239200,8980454,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,ウィアブー,"It has an interesting story in a way, but it's not nearly as good as ""The Dark Descent"". The monster itself isn't really that scary and there are a few things they take out from the original game, including an inventory system and limited oil. That means no items needed to heal, you simply just have to avoid damage for a while, letting you be more reckless than you should be. However, I don't believe it's a ""bad"" game it's just different and not as interesting in my opinion. I still had quite a bit of fun playing it. Since the two Amnesia games don't really have much connection story-wise though, if you're wondering if you should get this one, or The Dark Descent, I'd say definitely go with The Dark Descent. You're probably going to enjoy it more than this, not to mention you can also play custom stories made by other people after you beat the main game to give you more to do."
76561198036211076,Recommended,239200,10078984,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Jakkey,"Completely different from ""Dark Descent"" But still a good horror game. Beware of the pigs..."
76561198028877554,Recommended,239200,10065769,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Clock86,"At first I was skeptical in comparing A Machine for Pigs to A Dark Descent, however, the game quickly made a name for itself. Though some of the more enjoyable mechanics were changed, the atmosphere of the ""epicenter of climax"" was phenomenal to experience. I loved the scale to which the plot drove--though at times the scripts were rather... odd in their content and comparisons. All in all, A Machine for Pigs is thick, deep, epic, and nerving. Great experience; and great story-scope."
,Recommended,239200,10066723,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Lorelai Aldynn,"well there certainly is amnesia, and machine, and pigs, yeah... pigs... I can't eat pork any more though"
76561198079841183,Recommended,239200,10096728,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,devinjones44,The controls and lack of object interaction makes it less realistic and more linear than the last installment. I also don't like the loss of a menu/basic item hold screen.Other than those issues the atmosphere is the scariest ever. Scarier than The Dark Descent and the Penumbra games. The clanking machinery in the background ... the lighting and weather sounds ... the atmosphere in this game makes it so much scarier than the enemies and story.
,Recommended,239200,10097976,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Last Caress,"A good sequel to a great game. It definitely doesn't have the scare factor of the first one, but it isn't absent from this game. Very creepy rather than scary. It rids of the sanity meter and resources for the lamp, which only annoyed me in the first one so i'm not upset about losing those as others are.The puzzles aren't challenging(put a wheel here and flip a switch) and only get in the way of the superb story. That's the real heart of this game. Lame puzzles and being WAY too short(finished it in ~4 hours), it's still worth the play if you can get it on sale. It is NOT worth buying at $20, but I got it for $10 and i'm happy with it. Recommended."
,Recommended,239200,10088953,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,G_G,fine for  horror likers. It promoted a scary atmosphere. It is what I expected.
76561198025642073,Recommended,239200,8939988,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Brevbrav,"Spoiler Free Review of ""A machine for pigs""TDD means ""The dark decent""AMFP means ""A machine for pigs""(Spoiler free)Amnesia a machine for pigs is not a sequel to TDD and the Player soon realizes that this Product is not penned by Frictional Games.When in TDD the focus lay on surviving the ultimate Horror now in AMFP it's more like you are beeing told a story and don't really have to do something. The riddles are far from beeing difficult and the ""My thoughts"" part of your journal explains everything in every situation (in my opinion to detailed). When in TDD I often had problems in getting to the next level and would have appreciated a hint in AMFP the total opposite is in place.There is no Room for interpretation or imagination. I like games where you habe to puzzle the background story together (e.g. Silent Hill or TDD) so this production is to bolt and solid for a deep Horror Game. Despite a few scarejumps and the first encounter with the evil creatures the game isn't really scaring. It seems like the creators of the game had a very good idea of an interessting story (More in the spoiler area) but were forced to bring Horror Game Elements into this game. The parallels to Dear Esther (a great game wich i love and revommend) can be clearly outlined. The Character of AMFP speaks to himself in a similar way like the Protagonist of Dear Esther and even the voice itself seems to be identical (althoug i dindn't researched this further). The miss of a psycholocical reaction of the protagonist (transfered to the player through a blurring vision and sound effects) is an other reason for beeing different from TDD. Also the Lamp in AMFP begins to flicker when ever you are near an evil creature so you have more than a fair warning to turn it off to not atract them. This seems familar to the ones who have played the Silent Hill Series (the static of your Radio) but under the circumstances of AMFP destroys every scaryness that was left.So my Spoiler Free conclusion is that this game can be played but shouldn't be expected to be an Amnesia Game. I will now proceed to the parent of TDD ->Penumbra of which i expect that it will be much more like TDD an not a crippled apendix like AMFP.(Spoiler alert)Never the less I in some points enjoyed AMFP. Especially the first Chapter in wich we explore the House of the Protagonis named Madnus. The estate that he calles home is perforated by secret passages and you get to know he photographed his beloved bathing wife.At this point I will not explain the story furthermore, becaus there are many detailed plot resumés on the net.On thing that I thing was a really good Idea ist the snorting sound that the Lamp makes when you are turning it off. I don't know if this sound is there from the start on because i first realised it beeing in the depths of the machine. I nearly fell from my chair so terrefing was it.I hope this review gives you the fair chance to deside if you want to buy A machine for Pigs or not.747mike747"
,Recommended,239200,8967528,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,AverageSparrow,"This game has a lot going for it: interesting story, beautiful environments, a phenomenal score, and some good scares. It stays with you after you've played it, and I personally plan to play it again.That said, if there was one thing I would change about this game it would be this: add in some actual gameplay. The game removes many, if not all, of the gameplay elements from the original Amnesia. You're rarely in genuine danger (although the game will definitely make you think that you are), and the few times you are in danger, it can easily be solved by simply running to the next area. There's no need to desperately hide somewhere and wait for the danger to pass, hoping you won't be found. That hurts the game a lot, and I'm a little baffled by its removal. Those terrifying moments were what made the original Amnesia so successful.I've heard complaints that the game's message is a bit heavy-handed, and while I agree I don't think it hurts the game all that much; I'd rather have the message pushed a little too hard than spend hours trying to decipher it.That said, I'd recommend this game to fans of the original game and horror fans in general. Despite its flaws, it still has a lot to offer and it's probably one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,239200,8970676,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Liam Neeson,Very short tho
76561198057684572,Recommended,239200,8972923,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Fred,A harrowing tale of madness and betrayal! very creepy! 6.5/10
76561198022003805,Recommended,239200,9098274,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,AlfredJones,"Je recommande ce jeu malgrès ma grosse déception: Il est beaucoup plus court que The Dark Descent, on peux finir le jeu en 1h30 en speedrun (je l'ai fait), il est possible de ne pas rencontrer physiquement de monstre pendant toute la partie (de ne pas se faire poursuivre), le jeu d'exploration s'est tout bonnement transformé en jeu couloir énorme, plus d'huile à gérer, plus de tinderbox à ramasser, plus aucuns items à ramasser d'ailleurs! Il est impossible d'ouvrir les placards et donc de se cacher, en même temps, sans monstres, pourquoi se cacher? L'histoire vaut tout de même le coup avec une fin très bien réalisée."
,Recommended,239200,7328737,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Booshnay,"The story is extremely immersive, but with it only lasting 4.5 hours, you decide if it's worth it.  Geyness"
76561198045261248,Not Recommended,239200,9169305,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,saminat,"Wait for it to be on sale for a buck, this one was extremely short and dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,239200,9648547,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,RubberDorky,The end is a big let-down. The gameplay gets boring. Buy it if it's on sale for no more than $5.
,Recommended,239200,9667236,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Greermeister,A great adventure game that is psychologically disturbing at its core. However the survival horror elements are toned down compared to The Dark Descent and even the puzzles are much less challenging.  The encounters with creatures felt more scripted and I was able to easily escape the unintelligent AI since the insanity meter was removed.  The environments are beautiful and its clear the Chinese room spent a lot of time creating the stunning set pieces.  I highly recommend The Dark Descent over this sequel for true survival horro fans.
,Recommended,239200,9672510,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,o ⊱    o,"It is a great game, there is more darkness over puzzles and a story waiting to be heard by those who have not listened and watched. It unleashes a mystery and makes us question each other, could there be something big hidden under our feet, sitting there all this time in the dark, slumbering, starving to be discovered?It is possible, but some dark things should be avoided and some plans should be left behind, just because you know the outcomes does not mean they are completely accurate, it could involve the unimaginable, literally.Think of this game as if it is like Bioshock mixed with Amnesia: The Dark Descent, full of beautiful mechanical structures dipped in a dark, bloody pool of fear, and if you think factories are not scary, you were wrong, because this is darker than the first......and the best part about this, it barely lags on certain computers.It is short, but not broken if you think so, sometimes the game freezes at certain map loads, do not worry, it has a flawless auto-save system, just check the date and time on the file and you will get right back to it, but to be sure, save and return before you venture to another part of the game."
,Recommended,239200,9229466,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,drslimi,I played this game before I played The Dark Descent and I think I prefer Machine for Pigs. The graphics are slightly better than the first game and it's nice not having to worry about finding oil and tinderboxes. The puzzles are easier and much more 'common-sense' in this game. This game's story seemed much more linear than the first's but the story was deeper and darker. I was only partially satisfied with the ending but it was the truly scary experience that made this game awesome.
76561198037033942,Not Recommended,239200,7436311,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,MysteriousJester,"Falls short of the previous game. Has a good atmosphere but lacks many of the gameplay elements that made the origional game so terrifying. The story is a little cliche and predictable which took away from the overall experience (not to mention there is only about 4 hours of gameplay). All in all, I was very dissapointed in this game. I'm surprised it it even shares the name Amnesia, because it is a far cry from what i thought an Amnesia sequal was going to be."
,Recommended,239200,9650426,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,mattlohkamp,"Wow. This started out creepy, quickly progressed to equal parts fascinating and terrifying, and ended up in a landslide of revelation concerning the darkest corners of the soul of humanity. God I want to know more."
76561198129531236,Recommended,239200,9657754,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,jwmosi,"Amnesia: The Dark Descent was probably the scariest game ever. So those of you looking for a terrifying, soul-wrenching, pee-your-pants game are going to be dissapointed. However, A Machine for Pigs has a disturbingly interesting story, great graphics, and monsters that will haunt your dreams. Don't think of this as an Amnesia sequel. Think of it as a stand alone game. I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239200,1606737,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Saucer,"A Machine for Pigs is to The Dark Descent as The Omen is to The Exorcist. As far as horror at its most basic fundaments go, one could even say that it is ""merely"" unsettling as opposed to downright terrifying. That said, The Omen is my favorite horror film of all time as it is what I consider to be a class act, and what A Machine for Pigs lacks in immediacy it makes up for in spades with an industrial atmosphere that takes you to a place of darkness that feels hellishly real.The scares are more subtle, the story is better written, and the sound design is some of the best seen in the medium. Jessica Curry's score is instantly iconic and legitimately bone-chilling, setting off each of the game's virtual spaces with just the right accent of terror. However, if you come to the experience expecting The Dark Descent 2.0, you'll come away very disappointed, as A Machine for Pigs is shorter and more mechanically stripped down. It's also not as terrifying, as only the first enemy encounter is really effective, though I believe that this was the intent of developer The Chinese Room, as there was just no way the story could have been told as effectively if the enemies were designed and portrayed any differently.At its worst, A Machine for Pigs feels like a simultaneous step backwards in the gameplay department and evolutionary stride forward in storytelling within the medium, but at its best it transcends encompassing the sum of its parts and delivers a heightened emotional experience. If what you want is a good horror story with philosophical underpinnings and an eye and ear for real creepiness, then this game will fit that niche and then some."
,Recommended,239200,4373444,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Squanchy,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is the sequel or the ""squeakquel"" to the original becuase it is literally the most dumbed down and streamlined Amnesia ever.If you have not picked up the first Amnesia, please do so. It is a fantastic work and one every gamer should play, horror fan or not. AMFP is... for those who are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not scary.The story although some consider better than the first game was predictable and followed the usual horror cliches. I do not find it better than the original as in the original you had AMNESIA. You had no idea what you were getting into and the story unfolded slowly and dilberatly so that even you felt morified of the things you wear hearing. AMFP doesn't have that.Its 3 hours.Music doesn't have Mikko Tameria coming back for the score, and this is ok because the music is pretty decent! Not too shabby and the choir is a nice touch! Sounds are SO good in this title. They pack a lot more bass and punch.As for actual ""gameplay"" there is none. Its Dear Esther with puzzles. And some added shock value. Gee. Puzzles are simple and require no brain activity. Inventory managment is gone, you dont have one. Lantern oil? Gone. No light managment. Its a ♥♥♥♥ing walking similator at his point. You do not feel grounded or invested at all. Esp. the second ""half"" which has you running from hallway to hallway from scripted boom noices.Oh the horror.The monester appears what? Like 3 times? And theres 1 10 second chase scene? Come on!!Honestly the only good comes from a non-silent protaginist and solid voice acting throughout.Other than that I'm sorry Chinese Room. Frictional had a better GAME in all respects.5/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,8216936,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Akbar Shebazz Jenkins,like the first game only everything other than movement taken out
,Not Recommended,239200,8237470,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ivaine,"Don't buy this game. It's a giant waste of your time.I played through it in roughly 4 hours and was most of the time really bored. It's just about some running around, climbing ladders (and you while do so more than you ever imagined) and solving puzzles, which really not deserve the name. The most important thing about a horror game are the shock moments. I didn't get scared once. Even though the game tried, but the developers seem to have nether put thought nor efford in those special moments.The story was very hard to follow throughout the game and doesn't really make sense."
76561198040908658,Not Recommended,239200,8344411,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,slayer2056,"This has got to be THE most dissapointing sequel to a really great horror game. Its not scary at all, and ALOT of you will most likely rage at the ending, TRUST ME.  3/10"
,Recommended,239200,8324203,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,egofaptor,best to play ON a toilet (not in one) because you will be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239200,2332130,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Obi-wan Jabroni,"Game isn't very long, 3 hours to beat. Pay attention to your notes and pages you collect and you won't have problems with puzzles. The game does contain a very good storyline in my opinion and does contain some decent scares. Overall It's a short game but I enjoyed it very much."
,Not Recommended,239200,821230,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,:thinking:,Biggest disappointment of 2013.
76561198025699979,Not Recommended,239200,9937999,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,KiRa900,"Disappointed.I expected something at least egual or better than first Amnesia, but the choice to let the development to Thechineseroom wasn't good.I hope for SOMA directly from Frictional Games.Vote: 5,5/10"
,Recommended,239200,9993684,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,{IZA} oasisRoyal3,"Nice game with interesting story, excellect atmosphere and soundtrack, but not especially scary. I recommend only to Dark Descent's fans, others may be disappointed."
76561198033602993,Recommended,239200,4193374,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Wash {♣},Never sleep again
76561198000923706,Not Recommended,239200,10014531,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Blockcaptain123,This is the worst game I have ever seen. I cannot believe this passed quality control.
76561198113252203,Recommended,239200,10020409,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,RAWRIZDRAGON,"A fantastic survival horror game with psychological scares. From the start the disturbing scenery, creepy audio and well-thought out storyline creates a great horror gameplay atmosphere. There may not be many scares at the start, but keep playing and it gets more scary."
,Not Recommended,239200,10022246,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,BrassBass,"Unless you don't mind the toned down gameplay and less physics fun, skip this game.  Dark Decent was a better game then this one ever will be.  The reason is because it was made by a different company then the last game.  Save your money for Penubra, SOMA, Outlast or even Routine.If you are just a casual, then I do recomend it."
76561198040231905,Recommended,239200,10072674,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,TermileChicken,"Pros: Great story for you to explore and really cool envoirments again sound effects are erie as f*** creating real suspense and dredd. The monsters pig design is also expesially cool. IMO lack of inventory is better make running with objects when monsters around to solve a puzzle more terrifing.Cons: Your lamp never runs out of fuel so the darkness is not as scary as it was before. The monsters (from my experiance) are much easier to run from and in most instances you can out run them. On top of that you could nearly count the times you incounter monsters on one hand. You quickly become aware of when monsters will not be presant and some of the horror elements fade. Lack of custom stories is big negative, however i heard the porting all assets from A:AMFP to A:TDD.Conclusion: This game is not as good as the original, but the chinease room did crate a good game. Even with its negatives its story and atmosphare it creates are worth the retail price this game is running for. 7/10"
,Recommended,239200,10076894,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,g!rlg@m3rsun!t3,This game was a little bit of a let down from the first Amnesia. It doesn't really resemble Amnesia but it's still an awesome game!! Especially for new gamers.
76561198076285553,Not Recommended,239200,6820883,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Keiji Asrigoth,"Total and unrivaled disappointment. Unlike its ancestor before it, this game carries with it no real horror, nor a good story to make up for it. The monsters that were ""created"" in this version are what the sci-fi channel would turn into bad movie in a heart beat. Along with that, the sheer amount of times you hear the word pig, and different ways of defining people and places to them is enough to drive someone insane. On a good note, the graphics were somewhat more crisp then the original, but not at its full potential. If I were to rate this game against its competition ""Outlast"", Outlast would beat Amnesia 2-1. Rated - 2 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,239200,10078110,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,hosser UK,"Not as much of a game as the original Amnesia, but a far better interactive story. Thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,239200,5071432,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Do Not Resuscitate,The Dark Descent for casuals.
76561198054419270,Recommended,239200,10768136,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Duality10,I pre-ordered this game as soon as I could. I loved the first game but compared to it this one isn't as good. I still recommend this game to anyone who loves creepy horrors. But I have to say this one didn't scare me as much as the first I think its because I kept thinking how bad and scary the first one was I was expecting this game to be worse but it really wasn't. If you want to buy this don't think of the first game completely forget about it and pretend this is a whole different game it makes it better. But over all this is a great horror game! I recommend this defiantly to anyone who loves a good scare!
,Recommended,239200,4706262,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Valdain,"Fear. It's not normally something you would search for in a game, but if you are inclined to want such things. You've found it."
76561198123921538,Recommended,239200,10839978,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ninja,"About five minutes in I had to cut a whole in my seat and put a bucket underneath. Atmospheric, challenging and scary as s**t."
,Not Recommended,239200,10773061,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sir Caramel,"When I played the first Amnesia (The Dark Descent) I was amazed by how good it was as a horror game. The developpers really knew how to make a game terrifying and how to tell a story. When they fist announced 'A machine for pigs' I was really excited and bought it immediately when it came out. Sadly, I didn't know that this game was developped by another team, which shows in the game. The enemies look scary at first, but you'll soon realise that you can walk right past them. Even the water demons in this game are underwhelming, those were the most terrifying things in the first game!Besides the weak enemies there's also the weak story. It starts out interesting, but fails to deliver.If you want a good horror game, play Amnesia: The Dark Descent and avoid this disappointment."
,Not Recommended,239200,3538100,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Creature,"It may be enjoyable if you have a pig fetish or if you try not to compare it to Amnesia: A Dark Descent. Gameplay is different in that it lacks an inventory and puzzle aspects and overall this game is too easy. There was only one moment where I had to reload.Sure, it has a creepy atmosphere, but I didn't feel overwhelmed or threatened at all. This is not good - in The Dark Descent, I was yelling, running and shaking - which was great!Would not pay more than $5."
76561198042514518,Recommended,239200,10792660,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,carecalmo,"This was an amazing game - right until you could hear your character breathing. Nope, nope, nope, nope."
,Recommended,239200,2959772,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Space Wizzard Bowie,"Anyone looking for Amnesia: The Dark Descent 2 will probably be dissapointed. However if you enjoyed Amnesia because of its storytelling and atmospheric horror (and/or played and enjoyed the storytelling of Dear Esther) then you will enjoy this trip through metal, oil, flesh and blood."
76561198057670615,Not Recommended,239200,10866083,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Regis-Robert, c'est mon prénom","Too bad, not as good as the first one. Srsly, still blocked in that street with a truck since 3 hours."
,Recommended,239200,11105426,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mellonikus,"Fans of the series be warned: This is not The Dark Descent.The difference between these two games can be best be described like this:a) Monster appears in The Dark Descent - you run, and you hide. You look away when it comes close and you pray it doesn't check the cabinet where you're hiding.b) Monster appears in A Machine for Pigs - you stare at it as it walks away.With a new studio at the helm, A Machine for Pigs takes a massive detour from its predecessor. While the atmosphere is rich and the level design remains fantastically disturbing, this new installment strips away many of the game play mechanics that made the original so memorable. Light, sanity, and most of the puzzles and traps of The Dark Descent have been removed - creating a more stream lined, and sadly less engaging experience.The story is interesting and the atmosphere is creepy and unsettling, but the machine has been too well oiled for a horror game. The creeks in the metal removed and the cringe inducing grinding quieted, and all that's left to do is walk from the beginning of the game to the end. If you played the first this is still worth the six hours it will take to beat, but this is not the direction the Amnesia series needs to continue. 3/5"
76561198134455049,Recommended,239200,11028145,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,CDrew,"To sum up, liking or not liking this game all depends on whether you're interested in a well-written and very exciting story or in a complex gameplay.If you're one of the story fellows, I can tell you this game will be an amazing experience, which will keep you focused every minute of playing.If you are more interested in gameplay, then yes, I agree that this game will most probably dissapoint you. It does have its own mini-puzzles, which will require you to think your way through, but they're not the game's strong point. Considering you don't even have an inventory or a sanity or lamp oil system, which were probably some of the main reasons the first Amnesia was so great, you can see why many gave the game bad reviews.However, if you have patience and are interested in its story, you will in fact notice that it is far more complex than the one in The Dark Descent.Thus, concluding, for me at least, A Machine for Pigs is by far a worthy bearer of the name Amnesia."
76561198116656695,Recommended,239200,10951369,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BroFist From Dillon,"I have not finishe the game yet but so far this game is VERY ATMOSPHERICAL, SCARY AS HELL, and has a pretty good story line  that leaves you wondering where he end is. Its one donwside is the jumpscares. There arent many at all, but it makes up for it in atmosphere. I Love This Game To Death."
76561198122055916,Recommended,239200,11122367,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Frank,"Very good game, Frictional Games really pulled this one off... I highly recommend it, as well as Amnesia: The Dark Descent"
,Recommended,239200,11126000,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,☯Meraculus☯,Best Amnesia game I ever played. This game told almost a heart-warming(Sorta)story about a man named Mandus and his children. This game your going to enjoy. I promise you that!12/10!Definitely RECOMMENDED!
76561198141376973,Recommended,239200,10849854,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,goldsack09,"Interesting game, but the way you move through it can be very nauseating. If you are sensitive to that I do not reccomend this game. It is also very difficult to get to load on a Mac even if your computer meets the critera listed"
,Recommended,239200,10852033,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lobo0807,Is it dark? Are you home alone? Do you have surround sound? Be prepared for goosebumps.
,Not Recommended,239200,108595,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,BeeDee,"What a joke. While the atmosphere and design are very well done, the developers seem to have forgotten that they're making a game, and instead have produced a rather dull audiobook that makes you walk around dark rusty corridors to listen to it. The scares are very few and extremely far between, unless you have been traumatized by an industrial factory in your childhood or are terrified of English people talking. Definitely not worth buying, except maybe for fans of the story-thing Dear Esther who thought it wasn't dark or rusty enough."
76561198141631895,Recommended,239200,10898891,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,InfinitePigs,"Great horror game, if you like solving puzzles in a dark atmospheric enviroment this is the game for you,"
,Recommended,239200,7507248,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Tim,"just had a heart attack, this is mental!"
76561198031870137,Recommended,239200,8113951,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,djguardian0311,"I give this game a B- rating. The story was excellent, and the graphics were a step up from the first game in the series. But... The gameplay, while very scare at times, was a bore. The puzzles were intellectually inslulting. I would solve a puzzle, and then ask myself - ""Really? That's it?!"" Forget about exploration. The game forces the player on a linear path, because there is no need to explore the environment for necessary items to store in a non-existent inventory. The enemy encounters are heavily scripted to where the player will soon realize that no hiding is necessary during some of those confrontations. Nice try Chinese Room, and Fricitonal Games... please leave them out of developing the next sequel."
76561197968489082,Not Recommended,239200,8183924,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Capt Beardie,"This is simply NOT an Amensia style game. If you liked Dear Esther, give this a shot. Otherwise, you're probably not like going to like this new style.There are no scares, or challenges, or puzzles. But if you like a spooky atomsophere and don't mind the lack of gameplay, you may like it."
,Recommended,239200,8187855,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Fucking Kite,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a horror videogame developed by The Chinese Room and based upon the franchise by Frictional Games. It is a game I played in one shot on stream, and aa game that I quite enjoyed.The game is heavily dependant on storytelling and atmosphere, which it provides in spades, as it is objectively not the most scare-based horror game. However, I feel the horror I got from the atmosphere and the looming sense of danger was extremely real, even if it didn't make me jump terribly often.Was it fun? Yes. Was it scary? Yeah."
76561198041046230,Recommended,239200,7730216,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,AGENT CHODY BANKS,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing  scary at points. Way better than the first amnesia which was just a bunch of confusing puzzles and easy to avoid monsters plus an assload of being completely lost. While this game was a little more linear and not having to worry about lamp oil it was much more focused on the horror aspect . Story wise it was excellent as long as you have a mind that is able to comprehend simple metaphors, as they are used highly throughout the game.  As you may think pigs is a ridiculous idea for a horror game, this game will prove otherwise."
76561198042529893,Recommended,239200,4855396,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Stancer,ох♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я настрадаюсь с этой игрой....
,Recommended,239200,3714476,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Wee Scrunger,A cool dad story
,Recommended,239200,8108463,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,stayhydrated,good but you have to read a lot wtf is this a book
76561198047975427,Recommended,239200,8109574,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,640509-040147,"I really enjoyed it, though the plot became a little too silly towards the end whereas it could've gone with a more subtle metaphor (as hinted in clauses like ""The world is a machine"", etc.). I played a little Dark Descent before getting and playing Machine for Pigs and started DD afterwards again. Though the simple terror of DD is not really present in MP, there is a lingering sense of dread in some of the parts which make the game pretty nice for a horror game (not necessarily referring to the parts with monsters in them; these are few) in a more subconcious way. It is less versatile than DD, though still quite atmospheric."
,Recommended,239200,8127235,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Licht,It's a god damn masterpeice of beauty and horror.
,Recommended,239200,8127744,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,joeymoto,"Completed this in one sitting, I have balls of steel. Less 'gamey' bits than it's predecessor, plus IMO it's simply not as scary. However, the setting is intriguing; think of Cannibal Corpse album covers and you're not far off the mark for how gruesome and brutal this game's inventive backdrops can be at times.Given that this is the developer who made the critically acclaimed Dear Esther, this is probably too 'handholdy' and linear for some, especially in the latter half of the game. Knowing they'd potentially alienate a proportion of their fanbase, The Chinese Room were able to deliver an Amnesia experience with their own particular flair and style- what it lacks in terms of gameplay it compensates for with crushing atmosphere and an exciting Death Metal-esque setting.Recommended."
76561198070162575,Recommended,239200,8128964,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,troybakerz,"Unpopular opinion, but this game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.. I'm not much of a jump scare gamer, and so this was a literal thriller for me. Though it wasn't as long as expected, I still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,239200,8148296,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,cobweb_morphology,"Alright, so you probably played the first Amnesia game if youre reading reccomendations about the second one, and as most horror game fans have by now, you may also have had the pleasure of playing through Silent Hill 2/3/4. Well done, youve now completely desensitized yourself game based fear-like emotions. Now what? Well you could always empty your pockets on an Oculus Rift, and im sure sooner or later most of us will, but once youve entered a stereoscopic 3d world, the most thats really going to do for the horror genre is let things jump out and say ""Boo!"" at you with an enhanced sense of depth and immersion. You could have just gone to a holiday attraction in late october for that. ""Oh was that a slightly tallish man in a suit? In the WOODS?! How will I ever look at suits or trees in the same way again? Oh, woe, now I see how little our lives really mean a this cold vaccuum of infinity!"" If youre as familiar with the tropes of horror as I am, you know that everyone who works in a mental health facility is either an inhuman abomination or involved in some sort of conspiracy to see how far the human mind can be made to suffer, etc, etc. THIS game takes place in a meat packing facility! A far LESS menacing meat packing facility than Rupture Farms of the Oddworld series. In fact, until the final hour or so of A Machine for Pigs, i was convinced I had it all figured out, so when it became evident that my presumptions were a bit ....off....I was still left to wonder what it all actually meant. My main complaint with this game is that the corner it seems to have cut is to not assign required reading material before allowing one to progress to the next stage. Instead of scraps of notes left lying around, the game should have had entire volumes strewn from room to room as if it took place in the Elderscrolls universe, because without a hell of a lot of explanation that the game makes no attempt to provide its most impressive and creative aspect, its storytelling, is likely to be COMPLETELY lost on an audience expecting to be required to ""survive"" a horror game, not take a world literature class.That said, no other games have really attempted to do what AMFP has attempted to do. PLAY IT, ITS GOOD. But you wont know why until youre ready for spoilers. Or maybe you are now, in which case read on:}SPOILERS BELOW]Not that the game give you enough information to realize this yourself, unless you are already well versed in Aztec mythology but Amnesia: AMFP is actually based on the struggle between Quetzalcoatl and Tezcatlipoca as is explained in great and lengthy detail by Reddit user Ahhuatl here with LOTS OF SPOILERS:http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1mithv/were_the_aztec_involved_in_mass_sacrificecleansing/ccczjzm?context=3"
,Recommended,239200,8175173,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,"Danithak ""Junk Jostler"" Johnson","While not nearly as scary (or much at all, for that matter) as its predecessor, the story plays out well, though I can only feel as if there is a good deal of squandered potential here. Very quick and easy to blow through, but I would recommend playing through some original Amnesia mods if you're looking for similar levels of fright."
76561198043987734,Recommended,239200,8194389,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dyrdzia,Dalej mam kupe w spodniach
,Recommended,239200,8179988,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Greek Magic,"This game is exceptionally fun. There were many elements removed since Amnesia: The Dark Descent, such as lantern fuel, monster-cringing (like the screen contorting), insanity, and inventory. But, it added a very well done story, enhanced graphics, a whole new environment, and very immersive gameplay. I felt like the story was more understandable, but maybe I just didn't pay enough attention to The Dark Descent. The game is kind of short, but there were never any dull moments for me. It progresses extremely well (I can't really tell you, you'll have to play it yourself. :P)In conclusion, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is an excellent horror game, with an interesting story, enhanced graphics, completely new environments and enemies, while getting rid of a few decent mechanics from the earlier game. I recommend it. It took me about five hours to complete."
,Recommended,239200,8210781,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Fatubsy,I recemend this game because it is a fun but scary game.The only down side is the game is short.Hope You like it!!!pugdogcastelli
76561198054117559,Recommended,239200,8224663,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,~Skarlecia~,It's deffiently different. I always enjoy getting scared and this game was very creepy. Not as scary as the first Amnesia but creepy enough. lol
,Recommended,239200,8227870,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sheriff 22,It's as good or better than the first Amnesia. Totally lived up to expectations. I believe the story is a little shorter but maybe that's just because I played it all out in a day. Worth purchasing if you enjoyed the first one.
,Not Recommended,239200,8640554,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,󠀡─═☆Sniffles Isn't It Mate☆═─,Not even scary
,Recommended,239200,7437190,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,HollerHavoc,"This game defines horror like no other. With no real way of protection other than the elements around you, it ENHANCES the fear within. I great hair raiser and all around an excellent halloween title. The soundtrack is also great!"
,Not Recommended,239200,7516671,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,ganonscrub,"If you are expecting anything close to Amnesia, do not purchase this game. It is Dear Esther in an Amnesia-esque atmosphere. There is no gameplay. You simply walk around, pick up notes, and listen to dialogue in the character's head. There are no elements present in this game that warrant the use of Frictional's ""Amnesia"" in the title."
76561198019109043,Not Recommended,239200,8646079,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Xenephobia,"This was voted the most dissapointing game of 2013 by me and most of my friends.If you liked Amnesia, get Outlast or something else.The intro and first hour of this game are AMAZING, but it's all downhill from there. Any threat is fake, and horrifying scene quickly brightened... Any fear is RUINED because you slowly start to realize what A:AMFP is all about:HAND HOLDING SIMULATOR: 2013"
,Recommended,239200,8656089,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Solid Snake,"Many people will purchase A Machine for Pigs after finishing The Dark Descent thinking that its going to be more of the same. To a degree, you'd be correct, however A Machine for Pigs is lighter on puzzles and scares, and has more emphasis on story and character development.Gone is your inventory, health and psyche meters. Gone is the dashing about finding oil and tinder boxes. A Machine for Pigs is sort of what happens if you cross The Dark Descent with Dear Esther. You'll spend 90% of your time walking around, flicking switches, finding notes and plot advancing telephone calls. The other 10% is spent solving a few very easy puzzles and running away from the new enemy that rears its ugly head.The sound is, as always, fantastic. The spoken dialogue is incredibly delivered and the music ether creeps you out, or tugs on your heartstrings. The graphics are slightly improved over The Dark Descent, but in all honesty, not a great deal especially for a game that has come out a good few years after its predecessor.The bottom line is, I enjoyed this game. I enjoyed the story and how it was delivered, I enjoyed the new setting and for the most part, I couldnt put it down. The only dissapointments were the lack of puzzles and inventory/health/psyche meters that made The Dark Descent that bit more hectic. A Machine for Pigs is still very much worth your time if you are looking for a new horror/thriller to play."
76561197983197880,Not Recommended,239200,8656336,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Blast Hardcheese,"It's not a bad game per se, but after totalling my underwear multiple times playing the first one, this was a real letdown. It's creepy for a while, but for whatever reason, it ceases to be frightening after you encounter the pig monsters, and after that it gets rather dull with only very occasional frights. The story is a intriguing at first, but by the end, it's wandered off the deep end. Gone is the ability to toss just about any loose objects around, which helped to make the first more immersive and more enjoyable. Very little can be manipulated in this game unless you're supposed to do it to progress. There is no inventory, which really limits and hampers the level design and puzzles. Your lantern lasts forever. It's too simplistic and linear. Many of the gameplay elements that helped make the first (and the Penumbra games before it) more fun have been removed for reasons unknown. There's some decent design in here with some foreboding machinery, but it gets a bit one-track after a while.Pick it up if it's on sale and you're interested, but don't expect to get the same experience as the first. It doesn't come close."
,Recommended,239200,8657571,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Shamrock Shimmers,"A beautifully written story, crippled by it's own rushed production.It doesn't take more than a few seconds in Mandus' bedroom to tell that there's more than a little something missing from the second installment of the Amnesia series, But, that being said, I still implor you to play this game, it's no where near as frightening as the previous, but it is well worth the money spent!"
76561197960948417,Recommended,239200,8661932,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kezzerdrixx,"I had a hard time deciding whether to recommend this. On balance, It's pretty decent, but I'm not sure it's really a game at all.To preface this, I loved The Dark Descent. It was terrifying, with a good story and some interesting puzzles. I bought this day one, for full price, as a result. I kind of regret that now.What The Chinese Room have done here makes sense. I agree with the concept that you should minimise the UI in order to increase immersion, but stripping it away entirely has taken something away that can't be put back. A big part of the fear in Dark Descent was the balance between having to hide in the darkness, and keeping your sanity meter high by staying in the light. With no sanity meter, unlimited fuel for your lantern and not very many enemies at all, it has to rely mainly on bassy rumbling and jump scares.The story is decent (for a videogame), but they have focused on it so exclusively, that it stops being a game and becomes an excercise in pushing W and occasionally clicking on a glowing thing. If this was the greatest videogame story ever told, I could get behind that, but it's really not. Evil (blank) has stolen your beloved (blank). Only you can rescue (blank)! Oh and you can't remember anything before the start of the game I guess. Not that it really makes a lot of difference to the story, but the series is called Amnesia, so they kinda had to do it.All in all, it's pretty enjoyable. The graphics and sound are well done, it's quite atmospheric and If you like horror, you'll probably enjoy working through it. It's just not a very good *game*."
,Recommended,239200,8928455,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,(SM) BFG Diablo 3,"Such Jump Scares, Very much, Non Intuitive Plot, No Psycological Thriller Scares. WOW! Ok, this needs work on some areas and others it is ok. I like horror games that have random AI spawns and more in this genre should include them for better scares. This tends to do it in some areas, but it should be more often. I slighly reccomend this game, if it is on sale- buy it, If not, save your money for another horror video game."
76561198077687608,Recommended,239200,8932956,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,MaxPunk57,"many people would say it's not the same as the first Amnesia game ( The Dark Descent ) but I myself think in a different way, I think they tried to make it less scary to see our reactions, so this means it's not a bad game it does have a some scares but not a lot, which to me I'm okay with. But so many people say why they don't like it is because it's a Amnesia game. But to me I'm happy it's Amnesia. I haven't even played the first game. I think it's too much and to F***ing Scary!! so I'll just stick with this game."
76561198037615263,Recommended,239200,9073324,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,adamxt,"Everything already said here is true: ""A Machine for Pigs"" is disturbing and occasionally terrifying. The art design is often staggeringly beautiful, despite pushing the game engine to (or sometimes beyond) its limits. The story is awfully familiar and it suffers a bit from an excess of climaxes, but all in all the final scenes are satisfying.It's also not much of a ""game,"" more of a trolly ride through interesting set-pieces. There's a lot of puzzle-solving to be done, but it's the simplest kind. Some people consider the puzzles to be throw-aways, but I found them welcome breaks between ""long exposition"" and ""creeping around in fear of monsters,"" both of which are exhausting. In the end I'd say the balance of lever-pulling, storytelling, and scary-stuff-in-the-dark was well-done.Worth the money? For me it was. Polished? Surprisingly so. Gripping? More-or-less. Just don't expect any brilliant puzzles or any REAL narrative surprises. If you can enjoy the eye-candy and the pretty good yarn, you're set."
76561198064259995,Not Recommended,239200,9074798,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Rin,Not really as good as the first...
76561198039510044,Recommended,239200,4593129,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Acadia,"Scary and fun, if anything like the first amnesia game, little replay value but still worth the buy."
76561198030916837,Recommended,239200,9077734,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Smackddy7,Do it
,Not Recommended,239200,9078432,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,G-Prime,"Do you like puzzles? Do you like being scared? Do you like the ""realness"" that a fully interactive environment where you can interact with every object brings? If so then avoid the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. It's on-rails the whole way through and the puzzles boil down to ""turn this crank"" and ""put this box here."" I regret every cent of the twenty dollars I spent on A Machine for Pigs."
,Recommended,239200,9092264,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MegaBearsFan,"'Amnesia: a Machine for Pigs' ditches the Lovecraft influence in favor of a more industrial setting, and it loses some of the horror and mystique in the process. There's really not a whole lot to do except wander the maze and pick up page after page of expository notes. But the story that those notes tell is much more personal,  directed, and tragic than the previous game.Full review on my blog:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2013/10/04/Amnesia-A-Machine-For-Pigs-review.aspx"
76561198095985646,Recommended,239200,9092275,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,claytonqt [9959],"all i have to say when you play this game, turn off the lights, be alone, get earbuds and turn them up cause this game deserves the best playing area.  Just simply amazing, story is MUCH better than the first which is what i like."
,Recommended,239200,4716070,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,burgonyasalata,"Beat this game in 4 hours (including time alt tabbing, going AFK to eat, masturba- well, it wasn't 4 hours of nonstop playing) and got scared like once. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, if you buy this game you're going to spend the rest of your days cutting yourself, thinking of what could have been. I'm already contemplating suicide, as this game was worth approximately 7 TF2 keys, which would have been a much smarter investment. At one point there are pigs dressed as Mr. Freeze who teleport around and you gotta swim through♥♥♥♥♥♥to obtain the chemical used to make the PowerPuff Girls. Throughout the whole game some fruit calls you on his iPhone -4 ands all like ""sup ♥♥♥♥♥ you gotta help me"" and being the dumbass you are you help him, only to find out he's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your children and let pigs run all over town, pillaging everything in sight. At the end of the game, you run - wait, did I say run? ♥♥♥♥ that, they disabled sprinting - you have to walk for 12 hours up a pyramid to get to a heart, and once you touch it, your character teleports to a random location for like the 50th time so far, and has no idea what happened last night or why there's a naked shemale in his bed. The scariest the game gets is in the first 20 minutes, you have to walk around the factory, patrolling and♥♥♥♥♥♥ making sure nobody's spilling anthrax in your pigs' slop supply, when all of a sudden a cheap♥♥♥♥♥jumpscare earthquake ♥♥♥♥s you in the♥♥♥♥♥and you go ""D: THIS GAME GUN' BE GOOD"" but in the end you contemplate suing God for letting such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥make this disgusting excuse of a game. Overall, I'd give this game 2 kernels of corn in my♥♥♥♥♥♥out of 12."
76561198086524565,Recommended,239200,11952743,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,The king of Butter▼,10 out of 10 best one
76561198054220936,Recommended,239200,12089681,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Pepe the Frog,"Scary game. But it is kind of similar to the first one, with an expection of new monsters and more psychological scares more than jumpscares. Still pretty good and the developers have put alot of effort into the game"
,Recommended,239200,12079268,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ogudi - David,Forgot what I was going to say...Pigs/10
76561198014023492,Recommended,239200,11923662,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,diggers1917,"Maybe this game, or experience or however you want to designate it is not for everyone, but it's certainly one I appreciated. While shorter and less frenetic than The Dark Descent, I feel this is balanced by a better and darker story that deals with far larger themes than it's predecessor, an excellent musical score from Jessica Curry and a consistent atmosphere while still having a good few moments of panic. On the whole it's made a more lasting impression on me than its (also excellent, but for different reasons) predecessor. The only thing I'll say against it is that I'm not sure listing it at the same price as it's predecessor is the right choice; many have been disappointed by this game in terms of it's length and the streamlining of gameplay in service of its story, and I think that charging the same price for both games compounds the view that it's a lesser game; get it in a sale, though, and if atmospheric storytelling is something you enjoy, I'm sure you'll find something of value here."
,Recommended,239200,9640782,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,whythemy,"This is not a game. This is a linear experience, sort of like watching a movie from the protagonist's perspective. If you go into this expecting puzzles and gameplay, you will be very disappointed. Instead, go into this expecting atmosphere and a story. That's the only way to enjoy this title."
,Recommended,239200,6998548,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Iron Liver,"Esta bien para pasar una tarde, ya que te lo puedes pasar en menos de 5 horas si no progresas en el juego demasiado lento. Sinceramente me parece bastante peor que su antecesor, mismos gráficos, muchísima  menos libertad de interacción con el entorno, mas lineal, menos ""terrorífico"", historia no demasiado bien elaborada, muy corta duración, no hay historias personalizadas (lo que le quita horas y horas de duración, jugabilidad y diversion) y por último pero no menos importante un final malísimo para lo que podría ser, muy forzado y confuso. Posiblemente mi ""decepción"" haya venido en gran parte por el tremendo hype que se le ha dado a esta segunda parte, pero eso no quita las grandes faltas y fallos del juego. Le doy un 6/10 por ser fan de Amnesia, pero si no fuera por eso no podria evitar pensarme lo del aprobado. Recomendable comprarlo si le echastes  horas al primero, si es la primera vez que pruebas Amnesia mejor ve a probar el The Dark Descent."
76561197962829552,Not Recommended,239200,9376240,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Adam,"4 hours played. Game completed.Why outsource development to The Chinese Room?The Penumbra series was excellent, and that was all developed by Frictional.Story was trite and the gameplay felt too simple."
76561198053215625,Recommended,239200,9378912,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Ali The Persian Dude,"Awesome game, REALLY SCAREY!"
,Not Recommended,239200,9381505,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,elliscor,holy hell this was supposed to be a amnesia game?i liked the story but not enough for it to be amnesia
76561198068342392,Not Recommended,239200,10085390,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,maxspawn [LP],"I expected this game to be The Dark Descent reimagined, but I couldn't be more wrong. VERY few jumpscares and chases. You encounter the main monster only a couple times. This game is more of a story of a British guy running around a steampunk-based factory searching for answers to something, rather than A true horror game full of chase scenes and jumpscares. 2 stars out of 10. DO NOT BUY unless you are a true fan of the Amnesia games."
,Recommended,239200,10271898,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Controversial Sammy,"Well, it's Amnesia, and it's not Amnesia. Those die-hard fans of the original game and the Penumbra series will find a lot to complain about here. Less survival, same-same horror, simplified gameplay, willl definitely peeve those who seek to single out the issues. But for the rest of us, anyone looking for a good, heart wrenching and spine chilling tale, you're in for a rollercoaster ride, a yarn to stay with you for long after you've seen it through to the end. A thumb and a trotter, for me at least."
,Recommended,239200,10273829,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Leiwaan,Put on a blindfold and♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself simulator.
,Not Recommended,239200,10276914,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FlubbyTerriyaki,WASTE OF MY MONEY!
76561198068342078,Recommended,239200,21340868,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Pickleman Rick,prey spook
,Recommended,239200,1519525,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,senteshi センテシ,"A completely different experience from ""The Dark Descent"", the true king of indie horror games. A:AMFP focuses completely on storytelling and has deep messages underneath.Enemy encounters (which was a base element in the previous game) barely happen and even if they do, they're just not as scary as we want it to be. We can't hide in closets, creatures won't break doors and we don't even have a sanity meter at all. By not having to gather lamp oil, tinderboxes or health potions, the whole concept of the exploration factor of survival horror is killed.But what do we have left? It's evident that more was taken away than what was added (like the flickering lamp when monsters are near), but I still can't hate the game. The dark and twisted story makes you think, the cold atmosphere keeps you on edge and the sound design, the music, the voice acting is just amazing.If you liked ""Dear Esther"" (the previous work of thechineseroom), you'll be in a hell of a ride! And those, who expected more (like me), well... Try to look at it from a different angle. You may even suprise yourself."
,Not Recommended,239200,7861444,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[ITA]Lion_King_95,"no,no,no,no.... machine of pigs has lost all the things that maked this brand frightful, the sanity bar, the life bar, the oil lamp (replaced with the ELECTRIC LAMP, this thing never discharges...)"
76561198042630633,Recommended,239200,21437639,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SecretlyAwesome,"If you're looking at the game, I think it's fair to assume you've played the Dark Descent. In that case, this is less scary, but has a much more compelling story.If you're in for the story, I reccomend. If you're in for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants, skip this for something like SOMA."
,Not Recommended,239200,7743671,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Vaguely Specific,"I beat this game in a single four hour sitting. That was even when I took my time and explored.This game did not live up to it's predecessor at all.To start with, many of the great items and mechanics of the original were removed, includingtinderboxes, lantern fuel, sanity and the inventory. Without the fear of losing all your sanity, you lose a lot of the fear from the original. ""Should I use this tinderbox now, or save it for later? When will I find more fuel for my lantern?"" Those thoughts were constantly in my mind in the original, making me fear what lies ahead in the darkness even more. Another major problem were the monsters. They were not scary, and quite frankly, they kind of made me laugh at first. You also don't see them very often. When you do, you MUST sneak past them, there are no wardrobes to hide in if you're spotted. The wardrobes and most doors are locked, leaving a very linear game. No exploring whatsoever. Finally, the story is very predictable, and not overly intriguing. Yes it had it's moments, but it just seemed kind of messy. The music was the only saving grace of this game. It was haunting and beautiful, especially one of the final songs in the game. Overall, this game was a large disappointment and I'm not sure I'll be playing it again in the near future."
,Recommended,239200,4155323,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Mad Scientist,"Maybe not as scary as some hoped it to be, but DEFINITELY one of THE best creepy/uneasy ambients I've seen in a game for a long time. You'll still feel like you don't want to continue, but I know you will ( ¬‿¬)"
,Recommended,239200,7773542,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zedelot,"Me being the fan that has actually played the first amnesia game. OK let's get to the point is not good, mostly because is has none of the elements which are actually used in the first game. 1 : Your lartern never runs out of light/fluid etc. 2. The monsters aren't actually as scary as they use to . . they're just ""spooky"" 3. The story of the game honestly made no sense to me at all and I personally think I'm not an idiot so bad story telling it's at work. And most of all the enviroment. . I did get some smalls scares here and there but in the first game it actually made you feel the coldness around each hall you walked through (dat water part) In other sense if you are fan of the first game you might like this one but if you're new to the series and know nothing about the first game. DO NOT BUY THIS. Is it will be  a waste of time for your, trust me. Just go ahead and buy the first game then give this one a try."
76561198088145865,Recommended,239200,15269649,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Clickensbeard,Pretty good.  I would just pick it up when it's on sale.
,Recommended,239200,13737934,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tpkroger,How can you not love a game that ends on a Trotsky quote?
,Recommended,239200,20132144,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ryankleffman45,"I just finished this game, and wow...that's all I have to say. This game keeps you going and while it may not contain an inventory, it still makes you think and has a lot of great gameplay. For those of you who are new to amnesia, and for those returning, pick this game up. Right now. Why are you still reading this?!!?"
76561198040789448,Not Recommended,239200,20127999,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Illyaed,"The writing and atmosphere are nicely dark and horroresque. The problem is that the gameplay is virtually non-existant rendering this basically into a walking simulator, a very short one. For the price it can't be recommended."
76561198113197945,Not Recommended,239200,20231924,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,#KillerSmurf#,"story was ok , but  gameplay was♥♥♥♥♥♥  no scary moments and rly short.  do  not buy.  #amnesia soma  is  so ♥♥♥♥ing good buy itmachine fo bigs  took me litle bit  over  4h   omg:DDDDD"
,Not Recommended,239200,20057146,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Time Cheese,"A shadow of its predecessor, neither scary nor relatively interesting. The game is short, the story if nonsensical, the monstors are laughable, the puzzles are repetetive and simple.It's not terrible, if it goes on sale and you loved the first one, it's worth picking up for completion's sake but that's about it. 5/10."
,Recommended,239200,20052835,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dr. Clutch McSwagDaddy,"Overall good game. Atmosphere horror everywhere. One of the better indie games. Slight puzzle aaspect also, not too hard but not stupidly easy. I reccomend."
76561198006849221,Recommended,239200,21781073,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,Moderately scary but good. I was hoping for a BLC (Bacon Lettuce Content) but alas.
76561198058475148,Recommended,239200,22404675,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Jaeden,"Honestly i feel that this game in particular is underrated, when i bought it, i was completly immersed within this new world. At first i hated the fact there was no inventory, however as i carried the latern i couldn't refuel, i was able to see how amazing the game looks and feels, seriously makes you feel like you were in the 19th century. Between the audio logs, and the quotes leave subtitle clues too finding our what really happened With oswald, and the machine. But in most, i give it a 5/5 for visuals, 1/5 for replay ability, however you may need to play it twice to get the story. 2/5 for gameplay, besides the immersive expierence the game provides, it doesn't have many complicated puzzles, or headscraters which make you want to visit a website and find out how to solve a puzzle. The Pigs themselves are a horrifying enemy, that i find scarier than a grunt, when your lantern flickers you know a monster is there, or around you. Not as great as the insanity effect amnesia had however they are really well designed, and i encourage amnesia custom story platers to use some of the content in this game for amnesia.  overall its a 3/5 game. Think of it as a custom story, and you figure out whats happening as you go. Nothing wrong with playing a little money to kill a few hours"
,Not Recommended,239200,22231259,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,a negro boy,Not nearly as good as The Dark Descent. Very dissapointing.
,Not Recommended,239200,22196942,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,epinoz,"PROS:-Pretty graphics, better than TDD imo-Very interesting backstory (that you probably won't be able to completely piece together by playing the game normally, and will have to look up on the wiki)-Some pretty creepy design choices, such asthe cathedral with the pig on the altar and the haunting organ, the children and the toys at the beginning, and the opening cutscene with the pig when you start a new game-Good sound design-Solid voice actingCONS:-Not very many enemies throughout, which severely hurts the horror/tension aspect-No management of resources is required. This added a LOT of stress to TDD. It made it so that you could be your own enemy if you used too many tinderboxes, or used the lantern too much-Virtually no real puzzle solving-EXTREMELY PREDICTABLE plot twist-There are a few instances where the game tries too hard to be creepy, but isn't-Shorter than I expectedCONCLUSION:I don't recommend this game, but just barely. Good external/aesthetic design choices, but the overall horror aspect is done very poorly (which is ultimately the biggest reason I can't recommend it. It has its moments, however), and the story progression within the game isn't marvelous either.SHOULD YOU BUY IT?:Discounted, if you really want it. It's not the worst horror game out there, but I wouldn't invest $20 in it."
,Recommended,239200,22367933,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dr. Freeman,It's a good game. It's just not Amnesia. It's just a tense story. You may enjoy it.
,Recommended,239200,22296065,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Halsti,Good but not as good as the original.
,Recommended,239200,11247970,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Psychopath,"""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"", huh. Who could have thought that I will write a positive review for this game.I actually bought it in bundle with the game I really loved - ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"", so that was quite an accident.I was kinda frustrated with all negative reviews for this game and I didn't want to play it or even watch a playthrough.Well, that was unfair thing to do.The reason people dislike this game is wrong expectations. Which is not someone's fault.Gamers who played the first ""Amnesia"" liked it, because back in those days ""Amnesia"" was the scariest game ever made.But the thing is - ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" was made by another team and they didn't really tried hard to make this part of the game scary. So when a lot of people haven't found the ""scary component"" they were disappointed.But still ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" is pretty good game. I think it should be considered as an independent product. And that's it. Just give it a look from another angle.The goal developers were trying to achieve is creating another game in ""Amnesia World"" . The game with diffirent characters, but with still with a great story inside. And this goal have been achieved.This game is filled with the ""Amnesia style"" even if it's not scary. You can still feel this creepy atmosphere, the depressing mood and thoughts about man's sins and man's nature.And without ""scary component"" developers created new ""Amnesia"". ""Amnesia"" with touching story.There will be people who still don't like this game and that's their right. But as for me, I think ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" is a masterpiece. A little bit different. But a masterpiece.I can't say that it's one of my favourite games. I can't say that it doesn't have drawbacks. But I can say that it still worth checking out. Unless you're afraid of making up your own opinion."
,Recommended,239200,11569145,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,狼,To be concise...A quite horrifying version of Dear Esther.Pros - Intriguing plot/story; nice setting; greatest atmosphere I've felt in a game for awhile (SS2 levels - mainly due to strong sound design and music).Cons - Easy-to-predict triggers; atmosphere so good it outshines/overwhelms pretty much everything else.  (If the gameplay matched the level atmosphere that was created in this game = Greatest Game of this Century?)Much love and respect for these devs.
,Recommended,239200,30681582,Posted: 23 March,all,Chris | クリスゲーミン,"Grate game, spooky and you need to play to understand the game story."
,Recommended,239200,1044944,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,7th Pwnist,"Only about 4 hours, and there's not nearly as much action (or even puzzles) as there were in the first.. and it had some awful crashes late on in the game.. BUT, I'd still give the game an 8/10 for the awesome, grotesque environments, sound design, and depraved storyline. (Also, similar to Dear Esther, some of the environments were actually just gorgeous, like the first time you leave Mandus' Manor and see London.. it looks amazing.)"
,Not Recommended,239200,21558001,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,melancholyorchid,"Difficult to play considering the lack of lighting, direction, and an inventory, and if you've played amnesia: the dark descent you will be very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,239200,21627548,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nerahye,"If you love first Amnesia and you're looking for a equal or better sequel then... no. A Machine for Pigs isn't for you. If you are looking for a decent horror game... A Machine for Pigs isn't for you either.The second Amnesia game is a huge disappointment. It's worse than its predessor. The majority of the world you are exploring is just a background you can't interact with it in ANY way. The monsters isn't scary at all and you won't be scared at all. The atmosphere even if spooky and the beginning (because you're suspecting something such scary as in the original) quckly started be boring. I played this game with my husband and we were really excited about new Amnesia, because we love first one, but we were just BORED and dropped the game for a couple of days and then... I even forget if we finished A Machine for Pigs.Do you love first Amensia? Then don't buy the second one. Preserve good memories, watch or play some mods and don't waste your money on that one boring, not scary at all ""horror game"". It isn't worth it."
76561198082363230,Not Recommended,239200,19416641,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Alxemi,"I bought it on recommendation of my friends: ""Very scary and good adventure.""Man... It's boring like hell. I love dark and horror stories. I love adventures, puzzles and detective stuff. But this... made me sleepy. I don't mind old graphic. I'm not type who needs the most greatest graphic and zero story. I played all those Atlantis stuff, Syberia, The Longest Journey, Black Mirror and Broken Sword series. I know Myst, Post Mortem, Sherlock Holmes, Still Life, Gray Matter as well. I finished Life is Strange recently. Yet... Amnesia is nothing like it. It's just about old house full of papers and notes and one boring voice. No adventure at all. One of big mistakes of my life."
76561198038983036,Not Recommended,239200,10629657,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,masterchief,"worst amnesia game EVER.thechineseroom ♥♥♥♥ed everything up i can not believe we had to wait another year for its release as the product itself is verry bad and why would fritionalgames work with such a♥♥♥♥♥♥devs who cant make a decent horror game exept for cloning this one from their first game: dear esther with just some gameplay stuf added from tdd, now lets start with the bad and the good stuf together.in the first parts of the game there was this good tension and being the feeling the pigmonster was after you but after some time and your first encounter you realize the pigmonsters arent such a great treat and the rest of the game isnt scary at all as at the beginning, also there is this infinite lantern wich you never ever needs to refil so yeah no oil and tinderboxes wich will make you not to scavenge in rooms because of this it makes it verry boring and the gameplay will feel repitive, the story about wo1 and mandus his children may be somewhat interesting but it doesnt make it a good game it was realy all that was good the story.also the narrator this machine who keeps talking to you just spams the entire story instead of finding some of the story trough the game (also the notes you find completely spams the mystery behind the monsters and other stuf), instead the machine just tells the entire story the ♥♥♥♥ing entire time (especialy at the part were the pigs attacked the town) it started to anoy me so much that it destroys the scare factor even more oow god let him stop talking, the lenght of this game is also verry short i know a guy who did a speedrun in this game and he completed the game in 3 ♥♥♥♥ing hours just horrible game length.there is also no inventory so yeah no more puzzles wich you need to take stuff with you, and if there are puzzles wich you need to take stuf with you then you need to hold it in your hands this gets once again repitive and boring as you mostly dont need to walk that far to complete the puzzle, there is also no sanity in this game so with other words you just can keep looking at the monsters the entire time without getting insane as for the health your health regenerate over some small time so there are no health potions in this game, but there is no danger at all so you dont have to rely on your health consider the ai of the pigmonsters are so stupid and they do almost no damage to you ether.and then we havent talked about the horrible ending mandus sacrificed himself at the machine by pulling out his hart so that the pigs and themachine......die?this is some biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i ever have seen how dafuq would the pigs just randomly die or leave the town if mandus die how does that make any sense.final verdict: nothing but letterly nothing is scary in this game exept for the verry beginning, the story is just all thats good at this game it should have called dear esther:machine for pigs its purely a clone from dear esther itself with just the gameplay from amnesia, so if you are a penumbra and amnesia:tdd fan then dont buy this game because youl espect the unexpected what you never thought to expect.my score 4/10 :mehlet just hope frictionals next game (wich is purely made by them) soma will be good ones again."
,Recommended,239200,10662865,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,12garcal,"Pretty cool, Haven't got in to it fully yet, but I'm already scared of playing. Recommended for anyone who enjoys jumpscares."
76561198009595827,Not Recommended,239200,2583958,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Dickmeis,"A machine for pigs does have entertainment value. I played the game from end to end (all 5.8 hours of it) and it was interesting to make guesses as to what's actually going on and getting more and more clues.However, that about sums up the game. You can leave your light on from start to finish if you wish and there's no inventory. The scare factor is 2/10 (the game features about 4 or 5 enemy encounters, but they're just anthropomorphic pigs with bad pathfinding, so when one appears in front of you, you lead them in a circle and continue (which is one of the problems: the game is almost entirely a linear walk through rooms, it never locks you in the dark with something scary or such). All puzzles are object fetching (reaching their highpoint when you have to fetch two things instead of one).I don't regret this buy, but it is more of a playable fan-fiction story inspired by Amnesia than anything else. ""The Dark Descent"" was much smarter about how it tried to invoke fear (eg. the water chase, the wine cellar, the vivisection room) and it had clever puzzles. Frictional Games should have taken this game from ""The Chinese Room"" in its current state and then built their own scares and puzzles into it because what I see could have been an excellent foundation for a real Amnesia 2."
,Recommended,239200,10401745,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kuhzka!,"BASICALLY:  Poorly done monster encounters, but excellent atmosphere; would recommend ONLY if you have the patience to become immersed in games.  Grab it when it's on sale.If you love games with a dark, suspenseful atmosphere, look no further, 'cause this game definitely delivers in that respect.  Better than in The Dark Descent, IMO.  Of course, in order to find this game to be ""scary"" you will have to allow yourself to suspend disbelief and put yourself in the main character's shoes.  The horror almost completely relies on that.  If you just run though and don't look at or read anything, you're not going to get many scares.  There aren't that many monster encounters, and the ones that are included are very short (and frankly not well thought out).  Plus, the game is pretty short as it is (~4.5hrs for me).  If you take your time with this game, I'm sure you will have many thrilling moments.  Hopefully we'll see some extra content like in the previous game."
76561198047739680,Not Recommended,239200,10575524,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Macho Madness,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a pale shadow of the original Amnesia. The game's beginning sets the mood off by starting out in a creepy mansion, but it goes down hill from there. There are a few jump scares at the beginning which makes your heart race, but after that they become very lackluster. The game's monster is also rather lazy in design in my opinion, also, the AI for it seemed to be broken. If can chase after the monster and it just RUNS AWAY FROM ME, then it is simply no longer scary. I really wanted to give this game a good review, but with the lacking story and the not-so-scary monster, I simply couldn't give it a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,239200,10576656,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Maul,The most horrifying thing about this game is that I paid 20$ for it.
76561198030000400,Not Recommended,239200,10577120,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bret,"Unfortunately, as big a fan of Frictional Games, this title was far from their best. It still gave me few spooks but I felt short of it's excellent predecessor. It's still a decent game but never as good as the first opus of the series.You're way better playing Amnesia : The Dark Descent while you wait for the very interesting SOMA that is in the making."
,Recommended,239200,10577153,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AYH CRUMBA,"Not nearly as bad as a lot of folks say, just a case of severely misleading marketing. It's really, really nothing like Amnesia, and if you're going into it expecting that, you're going to be understandably let down. But, if you go into it for a weird, genuinely disturbing short interactive horror story set in the same universe, you'll probably dig it just fine. If you're in the market for something really different, give it a shot. If you're looking for a sequel, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,239200,10577242,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tubbles,"Turribly disappointing, don't buy. Infinite lamp, the light usage was a MAJOR factor in how terrifying the original was, now you just walk around with a permanent light source..."
,Recommended,239200,10577030,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ALWAYS BET DBZ (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a mixed bag. Did I enjoy my time playing it? Yes. Was it anywhere near as good as the first game? Not even close.The Chinese Room succeeds at telling a compelling story but fails utterly at the execution of tension and fear in many ways due to the removal of the ""gamey"" elements from the previous Amnesia. Gone is the inventory and any item management. The few puzzles that occur in the game are pitifully simple and that's really sad considering the original Amnesia puzzles weren't really that difficult either. Every enemy encounter is broadcast via the flickering of your lantern from miles away, making every scare there fall completely flat.The linearity of the game is also totally noticable. Amnesia did this too but they at least tried to hide it. A Machine For Pigs seems to revel in the fact that you can tell how linear it is. The belowground levels at least attempt the illusion of non-linearity, barely, but the outside areas are awful in this respect. I recall a specific sequence where I was funneled from small London building to small London building via a series of straight pathways bordered by fences. If The Chinese Room's goal was to immerse me by removing the video game elements of this video game, then maybe they should actually try to hide their game's linearity instead of playing it up.But by far, the biggest crime is the removal of the sanity meter. You can look straight at monsters now, and while they are indeed disturbing to look at the scare factor there is gone and there is no penalty. Frictional knew that showing your monsters kills the atmosphere and that The Chinese Room ****s this up is mindboggling to me.I could go on and on about why the removal of the original Amnesia's game elements is Awful and Never Should Have Been Done but it's been discussed ad nauseam at this point.TL;DR Since there isn't a ""meh"" or ""disappointingly competent, I guess"" button I've hit recommend, but with the huge caveat that it is inferior in every way to the original Amnesia, but if you're looking for a story being told in a fairly creepy way, this game is passable.It really shouldn't be using that ""Amnesia"" in the title. It's ""Creepy Dear Esther: the Video Game""."
76561198105307714,Not Recommended,239200,10579281,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AnthraxB,"I've put my expectations far too high for this one, if you were to expect that this would be an follow up for A:TDD... Then better get your hope's down pretty quick.Sure the're are some scary elements implemented in the game, but they'll fade away rather quickly, leaving you with an empty unsatisfied feeling in your stomache.Walk here to get object A to put it into area B are much common in this game, and it feels more like going on a fieldtrip, rather than going through a ghosthouse full of scare, and fright. Knowing this game came from The Chinese Room developers, also known for Dear Ester.I don't think it was a good idea for The Chinese Room to present and develop such a game like this, i mean... it's like when directors from a comedy show are tending to try to make a horror movie but fail misserably! The problem? It's because they're not into knowing what horror's all about on, and so goes for everything else with a different genre, trying to do something completely different, IMO The Chinese Room should just consider doing in what they were doing at first place, Making a game like Dear Ester was and not anything like A:TDDOveral this game gets a 5/10 from me, the points here being a compensation for the environment they've being making here, sadly enough with less scares here and there.N0t 5p00ky 4 m3."
76561198025771649,Not Recommended,239200,10579823,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,todd coward,"If you're thinking about buying this on sale, don't. Commits the horror game cardinal sin of not being scary. You want a walking simulator? Just get Dear Esther. You want a horror game? Play literally anything else. The atmosphere is well done but ultimately even that becomes a disappointment in the endless wait for something—ANYTHING—to happen."
76561197971590207,Recommended,239200,10580276,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,strider7140,"Play this game for the story and atmosphere, it's easily one of the best out there.  If you go into this game purely to be frightened of creeps and ghouls you'll be dissapointed, but if you spend a few more minutes digesting the information and story given to you, a great tapestry appears that covers industrialism, South American folklore, and existentialism.  A Machine for Pigs makes the stories of Bioshock Infinite and The Last of Us, games typically praised as the cream of the crop story-wise, seem childish and surface deep.  If you're looking for a game that, maybe for the first time, makes you look inwards, choose this game.  If not, stick with the original Amnesia, it provides the jump scares."
,Not Recommended,239200,10141453,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Een portie dumplings,When you have played the first one this not worth it.. It's not scary at all. The storyline was ok
,Recommended,239200,10150867,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,vivaladil,"Atmospher is great, scares are little. Story is confounding mess of metaphorical mubo-jumbo. Still worth it for the chills."
76561198136757493,Recommended,239200,10153286,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,disturbed256,the pigs scared me very good have not got to end yet.
76561198004551906,Recommended,239200,10187988,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Snottus,"One of the very few games, if not the only one, that is actually scary."
,Recommended,239200,10190136,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,TMAC Blade,"its a good game but there are some things about it that just bugged me to all hell and that was the monsters; at the beginning of the game they were being built up like they were in the original amnesia and even had several indirect encounters during this time. as this build up started coming to a hault, and finally getting to my first official monster encounter, i found it to be scary as hell; i was ducking, hidding and even running in hopes to not get captured by the half man half pig creatures. It was all good until I took of something that made me feel burned; this ""something"" wasnt the controlls, atmosphere, or even the less than explorationg encouraged enviornment; it was the execution of it all. Please dont get me wrong, the mosnters were scary looking but when you find out that you have infinite lamp power, and no tension of preserving your resources the horror aspect dissapears very quickly and it turns into a very poor and downgraded version of the dark descent. i dont know what do really rate this game. if i could i would give it an average rating but seeing its a yay or nay system i will say that it will be good for people who have not played the dark descent"
76561198026081598,Recommended,239200,7439032,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Admiral Trico ✿,was kind of short but good story nonetheless.
,Recommended,239200,2874347,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Rekronik,"If you were expecting a game similar to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, then you will surely be disappointed. This game is very much story driven and creates a haunting atmosphere but that's about it. However, the lack of a sanity meter, inventory system, and scary monsters may be a deal breaker for most players.  I'd recommend this game after a price drop."
76561198020990330,Recommended,239200,18784468,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,HANZIE,"A good game. Not as scary as the dark descent. The Chinese Room still did a good job with it in my opinion. I am also not a harsh critic. The story was really good, and the art, setting, graphics combined with the amazing audio really carried the story through and still provided some good tense moments."
76561198027032949,Recommended,239200,30579132,Posted: 17 March,all,thewonderchef123,Send them to the slaughterhouse BREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Not Recommended,239200,18217432,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Benny™,"Imagine Amesia TDD, with similar asmostphere and gameplay asthetics, but with a hand up your♥♥♥♥♥like your a puppet and basically a straight line. As a game, its good, but compared to TDD, it's a dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,239200,18223422,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Splinter04,Pros: It was fun to look around at things and read the freaky journal entries at the early stages.Cons: Hoping something intelligible is going to happen and it never does.Definitely a game you buy on sale for 80% off.
,Not Recommended,239200,18240892,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,AffeJansson,"Because the game hadAmnesiain the title you expected another amnesia game, but this is not it. They have cut almost all of the gameplay Mechanics from the previous game""The Dark descent""for example the oil for lantern which added a little bit of extra to the scary atmosphere even though it where annoying some times. But the most disappointing thing about this game is the story and the length of the game. The thing is if this game wouldn't have Amnesia in the title it could have been a nice little scary game."
,Not Recommended,239200,18232586,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,DeusMalleus,"Built upon nothing in Amnesia: A Dark Descent, beyond using a handful of limited assets.No real threats in the game, only the environment is unnerving; once you get used to that, it's just the weird story-line that leaves you wondering what the hell you just played.It's pretty buggy, but some of the bugs are useful in terms of beating the game - which takes away from the experience.Fractional shouldn't have ever liscensed the IP to The Chinese Room.I wish I could've returned it..."
76561198024962044,Recommended,239200,18178480,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Orblo,"[MINIMAL SPOILERS]With the release of SOMA, I couldn't help but think of this game. Seeing as I had not made a review for it, I am writing one now.To be quite honest, I am torn about how I feel toward this title.A Machine for Pigs is NOT A GAME. It is a first-person narrative. Its strong points are atmosphere, sound design, and story. What little puzzles there are are trivial and juvenile. The monsters are non-threatening and rather goofy at later periods in the game.If you can appreciate a lackluster game for a pure story experience, I recommend this. Especially because Mandus' voice actor gives it his ALL. The final scene and monologue sticks out in my mind even today as one of my favorites. But as a game, this fails.However, as a horror fan, this is definitely a unique piece of fiction. If you are like me who loves horror no matter its medium, this should be a treat. But don't expect the same caliber as its predecessor. It's actually a HUGE shame and disappointment that this has the ""Amnesia"" title tacked on to it as it has very little to do with the original title."
76561197971735798,Not Recommended,239200,18185591,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,slayer366,"It's pretty much been elaborated by many here already.  The game is nothing like the original unless you count the decent graphics.  It isn't scary.  The pigs aren't scary.  It barely had me creeped out at all - most horror games, even the cheesier ones, had me uneasy at times - this one fails to do much of this at all.  They could have done something much better than pigs-to humans & machine.There is no suspense here and the story gets boring and monotonous.I decided to play this one the whole way through since I bought it and already put over an hour into it by the time I was totally disgusted thinking ""It should get better soon."" and the ending just sucked even though it did give closure.AVOID this one!  My recommendation is to skip this and go back and play the original again!I bought this game almost immediately when it came out because I knew it was another Amnesia and I could not have been more disappointed with this.  Boy!  Was I wrong about it being another Amnesia... I almost wished I hadn't bought this and saved my money."
76561198006827812,Recommended,239200,18287515,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ahmedn1,It is great and thrilling but not as scary as Dark Descent
,Not Recommended,239200,1334777,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Val,"Essentially a dumbed down version of the first game, you no longer have an inventory, health will regen automatically and your lantern never runs out of fuel, puzzles seem simplified and easier to solve, item interaction is strangely limited mostly to just chairs and puzzle items you need to carry manually, enemy AI is less threatening overall and can mostly be sprinted past assuming it's not a scripted event for example: enemy spawns, runs by out of sight then despawns before you can reach them and there are more times that this will happen than a real encounter. In closing I do not recommend this game, it feels like an insult to fans of the first game."
,Not Recommended,239200,4998045,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Jaketin,"My hopes were high. Boring gameplay, not even scary, too short, too easy game and puzzles, a boring story which you can guess halfway it.4/10 stars, I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,239200,5148958,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Knack 3: Rise of the Revenge,"It is a great game, but it suffers from one or two game breaking glitches. It also suffers from the AMNESIA in the title. It is compared to the original far too much. BUT it is well made. The story is compelling and very very good, but it is not as utterly terrifying as the original. They made many steps in the right direction, but a few too many back. I really like it though and would definitely recommend this to any horror fans!"
,Not Recommended,239200,18256936,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Beercules,"Nothing like the original, lost all the scariness. No inventory/fuel/tinderboxes really made this a terrible game."
76561197963860603,Not Recommended,239200,18180402,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Akerfeldt,Not scary. Pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 0/10
76561198052177981,Not Recommended,239200,18181219,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Onlyzay,Remember that awful line in the trailer? Yeah should have been a tip off.
,Recommended,239200,18182762,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,poptya,"The Dark Descent was pure horror, unrelenting the entire way.  Machine for Pigs, while not as scary, had a better story in my opinion.  It was more like a good scary movie than a 100% immersive horror game like it's predecessor.  The way the story was revealed through the game seemed to fit really well, culminating in a great ending.  I think most people with negative views of the game simply wanted more of the Dark Descent, and that's not what this is.  But I enjoyed every minute of it."
76561198047280110,Recommended,239200,18200629,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,RobotPika,"The story is really messed up, so don't play this while eating bacon or something.It's roughly a 4 hour experience. Normally when people say that, it's closer to an 8 hour experience, but it really isn't in this case. The game is good at instilling a sense of fear, but don't expect anything very challenging. You WILL die, but A Machine for Pigs is first and foremost a narrative experience, and should be enjoyed as such.Personally I think £20 for 4 hours is a bit much, even if I think the game is great. Get it when there's a sale or when the price has dropped, just... definitely get it at some point if you like horror games, okay?"
76561198036724712,Recommended,239200,18067676,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,General Doggo,I pooped slightly less than I did while playing The Dark Descent.9.9/10
76561197979288830,Recommended,239200,9136649,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,StudiodeKadent,"No, it isn't as frightening as the original Amnesia, and its significantly more minimal with respect to gameplay elements. It isn't as intensely frightening but it still is somewhat scary, and there are some fantastically disturbing scenes too.Where this game absolutely obliterates the original Amnesia is plot: Machine For Pigs has a fantastic story, confusing and not always easy to grasp, but extremely compelling nonetheless.I do think that some of the game's later levels are excessively padded (size-wise) but that's a minor issue.Overall it is worth the money and fans of the genre will greatly enjoy the game."
76561197995155982,Recommended,239200,1587664,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Stagediver,"In deed it makes fun, definitely. However, if you played the first amnesia and you are now expecting the same, terrifying and horrific feeling from this game as well, you might get disappointed. It has a good atmosphere, but in the end there is not so much happening during the whole game. It is very story driven, so it is rather different from the first amnesia. So, everyone has to decide for himself if it is worth playing.I would recommend it for people who want to make a start in the horror game sector."
,Recommended,239200,288996,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"A highly streamlined experience when compared to its predecessor. Many of the mechanics were eschewed in the name of simplicity and focus on the narrative.The tone and world are darker and far more real than A:TDD. However, it wasn't as terrifying to play.The environments were lush, beautifully rendered/realized, and felt appropriate and real at all times. The sound design is fantastic, and the story is wonderful. Given the direction by The Chinese Room, it is easy to see why the focus shifted to the narrative over scares/gameplay.If you want to be creeped out and exploring a tragic, dark vision of late 19th century London, this is the game.Amensia (s) are more about story, the universe of the game, and the whole feel. The games take the time to pace things, and to allow you to fully immerse yourself in the universe they've created. The feeling of constant dread was much thicker in Amensia (s) than I ever got from any other horror game. Listening to the final plea of the antagonist in A Machine for Pigs, hearing the gut-wrenching emotion of the antagonist begging him to go through with activating the machine, just... What an amazing moment. The story disturbed me. I continue to think about it, and I revel in re-telling the story to others.That is what makes Amnesia different. It sticks with you longer than the ""Summer Blockbuster"" type horror of other games. When I leave the worlds of other horror games, they leave me as well."
,Recommended,239200,8712430,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,VedaStiC,"Not as good as the first Amnesia, but it does it's job.Story was nice, even many cliche moments and no sanity-level or inventory.If it wasn't ""Amnesia"" propably I would not have any expectations towards it.Yet it was fun game, worth playing.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YurDfsYwfc"
76561197980910801,Not Recommended,239200,8712922,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Haute DIO,"I'm not one of those people that bash A Machine for Pigs because it's not The Dark Descent, nor am I going to unfairly compare this game to Outlast. I for one, didn't think that just because The Chinese Room took out a bunch of features didn't mean AMfP couldn't have at least been an interesting narrative experience. No, I can't recommend AMfP because it fails miserably at even the low standards it gave itself.I understand this is primarily an interactive story, but I have to get a few functionality issues out of the way. First, the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I know I don't have the biggest, baddest computer on the block, but I should not be chugging, after knocking down all of my settings to minimum, at around 30 FPS just because there's some water and three or four light sources. And when you do get a good look at your environment, there are a few embarassingly pixelized textures. One of the caged doors seriously looked like it would fit in on a Playstation 1 game. That is NOT hyperbole.That said, the aforementioned lighting effects are great. The pigman models are good, even up close, and there are a wide array of colors. Especially when compared to TDD's 40 different greys and 62 seperate browns. The game also has some stupendous sound design. The music is incredibly ominous, the pigmen sound terrifying (moreso than the actually are, naturally) and the machinery hisses and creaks and whistles and bangs all to great effect.That's about all the praise I can give AMfP.Let's talk about mechanics: everyone knows they streamlined AMfP from TDD, but they didn't even do a good job of it. As it is, there is no sanity mechanic, so you can stay in the dark for as long as you like without penelty, and the pigmen can tell where you are if you keep your lantern on. Then you take into account that you're pretty much invisible when your lantern is off and you crouch-walk... So why would you ever turn your lantern on? I only did when I got bored. Boredom. Probably not what anyone is aiming for when making a horror game. Either always have the lantern on without penalty, or bring back the sanity meter.But what happens when you have a scripted chase scene or you turn your lantern on a pigman's mug just to see what will happen? Well, he'll probably get one hit on you, then you run, the pigman will get bored after about ten feet, and then he'll go back to patrolling. The entire game I only died once, and that was when a pigman chased me into a corner. I kid you not, it took a solid five seconds of me standing still for him to kill me and I was close enough to give him a smooch. For being such a horrible beast, he sure was nice enough to pause and let me catch my breath in between beating me savagely.But the story is what really matters! Did you like Bioshock 1? Good, because AMfP is pretty much the same thing, only way more convoluted. I don't want to give anything away, but whoever wrote this thinks that just because they obfuscated a few details behind some good writing, a lot of average writing, and some cringe-worthy writing that the two big plot twists weren't obvious after the first ♥♥♥♥ing level. Also I hope you like pig metaphors, because you'll be reminded how everything is pig-like at least once per level. HUMANITY IS PIG. YOU ARE PIG. I AM PIG. ALL IS PIG.The funny part is, AMfP, like it's patchwork pigmen, tries so hard to elevate itself into the pretentous realm of 'art-horror' but it can't escape the fact that it doesn't reconcile that with it's identity as a source for highlight videos on YouTube. Permiated through the game are attempted jump scares in the form of doors slamming, illusory segments, monsters scurrying in front of you... All of the clichés, and none of them work. For trying so hard to be different, this is the most predictable horror experience I've seen in a long time. And the camera shake... My God, if you think camera shake is scary, pick this up without hesitation. I swear, this game has as much camera shake as it does spoken lines of dialogue. In some levels your camera will shake three, four, even five times. If I ever see camera shake ever again, I'll go postal. Camera shake.So who do I seriously recommend this to? If you're a fan of 'haunted house' horror games, TDD and Outlast do it way better. If you want a smart and interesting story... You could also do better. AMfP wants to have something meaningful to say about humanity or utopian thinking, but because it has it's head so far up it's own♥♥♥♥♥and because it's bloated - bursting at the seams even - with all of the horror game conventions, all it can muster is a drawn-out groan, like a bad Frankenstein experiment."
,Not Recommended,239200,8772769,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,JulysFire,"Really not worth the money.  If you are thinking about buying it, just buy the first one"
,Recommended,239200,8772806,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,rmz,"Yes, this Amnesia is simpler in mechanics than the predecessor. Yes, it is less scary. Yes, it is different. Is it bad? Depends on what do you expect. I played the previous one for a while, I think the game is very good, but it didn't get that grip on me to complete it. Now this... I was reluctant due to many hate posts on the forums, but then one of those posts just made me buy it. Too little combat! Not enough running! Crappy mechanics made worse by a good story! Seriously... Instant buy for me! So I bought it, and I'm almost at the finish line now, and I think that the experience was worth every penny.So what is Amnesia AMFP? Is it a horror game? Well, it can be. For me it was a very nice and creepy and jumpy and entertaining experience. Yes, the game is simple and slow. Most of the time you walk, look around, read the documents left behind, connect the dots as the story unfolds. There are a few enemy encounters and you can die, but it's not that easy. Most of the time the scare comes not from the monster leaping at you but from the story and atmosphere. It's not bad, it's just... different.If you prefer the action horror experience, where you do lots of escaping and constant threat, you will be bored. If you prefer the combat horror experience, running and gunning/smashing, you will be even more bored. If you expect Amnesia Dark Descent 2, you will be disappointed. Yet, if you can bear with a slow pace of the game and want to piece the engrossing story while traversing creepy locations, you might want to try this."
76561198057531436,Recommended,239200,8823391,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ωʘlƒℛΔiƝ,"I like it. It contains new cool assets, user can use to create their own amnesia stories."
,Recommended,239200,8794153,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,FirstUtterance,"I just finished the game, and I have to say, this is one instance where the game critics got it right and the general gaming public has it dead wrong. The game received mostly positive, if not quite as much as much as the original, reviews, where the things missed from the original were pointed out but on its own terms were able to recognize it for its merits and what it tried to do. Judging by the negative reception from fans of the original, it would seem as though everyone was wanting ""Teleporting Naked Guys,"" a now-infamous jumpscare used incessantly by numerous Amnesia custom stories and are upset they didn't get that.So, no, it is in many respects not similar to the original game at all. But I disagree that this should not have been called an Amnesia title. It very much is a continuation of the universe established by the original and follows the atmospheric vision of the first game, albeit in a different direction. Some of the complaints I read are either exaggerated, missing the point or things I would not consider things that hamper the experience at all.First, the complaints regarding the gameplay: Chinese Room done dumbed it down! It is now a straight line from point A to B, they got rid of the sanity meter, inventory, the need to constantly refill your lantern, they screwed Amnesia up royally! First of all, yes, the game is very linear, but so was the original Amnesia, which itself had plenty of locked doors, clearly marked paths and limited exploration. Granted, I'll admit this is more linear, but not to the degree the complaints have read, I was actually surprised how much extraneous stuff there was to explore considering the criticisms. The mansion in the beginning, for instance, does indeed have mostly locked doors but there are other bedrooms and bathrooms to look around in, which don't serve to advance the game but to provide some texture for the setting. There were enough times where I found there was a path ahead of me, but also other paths I didn't check, and so made to sure to look at everything. Sometimes these lead to dead ends, sometimes an area where a new document can be found, and sometimes, yes, something important you need in order to keep going. Maybe it was a matter of expectations, and had they been different my attitude would change, but expecting literally a linear path with nothing on the side I found that far to be from the case here.The ""dumbed down"" elements. Well the first Amnesia wasn't necessarily a complex game to begin with, so the streamlining I don't think affects anything much really. Retiring the sanity meter I think was for the better. It was a nice mechanic in the original, but this isn't the same character, the same scenario. Tinderboxes, oil, this is not an environment designed around that, getting rid of it is fine with me, and taking out inventory is fine too, seeing how the inventory in the original was limited to either those survival items, or pieces needed to attach to machinery (that aspect is here, except now you have to carry it), or keys. If it isn't needed, then don't put it in. As much as I did love those aspects of Amnesia TDD I'm glad that this isn't just a complete rehash.""But,"" people say, ""they don't replace those things with anything interesting of their own."" I'd say it's more like they didn't replace it, because there was no need to. It still plays great, with decent if not completely brain-bending puzzles, and is also a game that looks great, especially for an indie title made to run on low-end hardware (like mine, although I will say I ran into frequent crashes between level transitions and had to constantly tinker with the settings up and around until I found a configuration that would let me in to the next level. ""Save and exit"" became quite the companion of mine), there are still plenty of interesting, sometimes unsettling sights, and the levels, especially as it nears its end, are quite spectacular to behold.I also must say I thought this had a better story than the original. Certain elements were predictable, but the way they were executed was what mattered. The first game's story had a couple of interesting twists, but mostly if you knew your Lovecraft you knew where the game was headed. The story here is more unusual, if confusing. The notes you pick up, describing some downright graphic and disturbing things with terrible implications about your character and the machine in question here, do shed light on the situation, but they are out of chronological order as you pick them, and not all of them are written by the same character, only context helping you figure that out, and as you discover the identity of the mysterious voice calling you, things take a turn for the downright weird and possibly apocalyptic. There is also a touch of sadness in the story as well. I won't spoil anything, but you'll arrive on that conclusion well enough. And also some careful observations about your surroundings during certain areas late in the game lend an identity to the pig monsters that is downright tragic.Oh, yeah, how scary is it? Many people say, not at all. Sometimes their entire reason for giving the thumbs down to this game is because it isn't ""scary."" This is what frustrates me most. To me, horror encompasses a wide spectrum of elements, just freaking you out is just one such thing. Dismissing horror automatically for not being scary and not looking at what else it tries to do is just short-sighted. A pure, enveloping atmosphere is most important to any kind of horror, the implications can be scarier than the experience, what DID or what WILL happen scarier than what IS happening, and so on. No, there are no freakish monstrosities in this game like the ever-beloved slack-jawed grunt of the original Amnesia. No, there aren't as many panic-laden chases through the dark until you find a nice closet space to hide. No, again, there is no sanity meter that you must keep on a tight balance. There are several sections where you must sneak past or run away from a pig monster, though they are fairly brief, and obviously a pig humanoid doesn't look quite as scary as the ""servants"" from the original. The water monsters are back, though the one scene you must run from them is also brief and not on the same level of sheer panic induced by the first game. But, to me, that is perfectly fine, the game I say is just as effective a horror game, but in a different way.I still thought the atmosphere of dread and detail in the dark, decrepit environments was as present as always, and the fear of a monster coming out any moment as well. But little things, like the lantern flickering to alert you to a monster, putting you in full panic mode (much more tense than if they were to cheaply teleport and scream in front of your face), the pig masks that constantly appear, the loud background squeal of pigs, all made for a nerve-wracking experience. But it's more the Machine itself, the things you read you and it have done, that disturb the most. It's Upton Sinclair by way of H.P. Lovecraft and it's quite staggering.Is it as good as the original? Maybe the original left a stronger effect on me, but these are two different games with their own merits. This is still a strong experience I'd recommend to anyone who doesn't have such limiting expectations."
,Not Recommended,239200,8797743,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,South Bend Shovel Slayer,"The first game was interesting and had some truly terrifying moments and occasional challenge.This game however is suck city, it is a severely crippled and boring experience.The name however, is actually pretty awesome.All in all if you have little to no self-respect and have already completed the first game and the rest of the games created in the similar vein, I suppose it would be ok to pick this up, during a steam sale for no more than $3.99.  If you read this and actually liked this game, please PM me with several reasons why.  It will be an exercise to help you realize you can’t.Should you buy this?During a Steam sale, however it will still be a bad decision."
,Recommended,239200,8800473,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,djsawte,"Awsome game, combines a really tense atmospere with an unforgetable story"
,Recommended,239200,764071,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,InS@NiTy,"Very different from The Dark Descent, not as scary. Still a great game though with a very good story."
,Not Recommended,239200,8810890,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,redjarman,"I think it could be a good game if they didn't have the Amnesia name to it, it just has too much to live up to. Lack of inventory means puzzles consist of ""carry this thing to the other room"". Electric lights and infinite-battery lantern kinda ruin the dark creepy atmosphere. And the monster (maybe there's more but I only got to one) feels more like something tedious to avoid than something actually scary. Maybe I'll give it more of a shot later, but as is, it's really disappointing compared to the first Amnesia."
76561198070299656,Not Recommended,239200,6606392,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,MBR,"If you like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you will not like this game.  Everything that made The Dark Descent good was removed.  The game is not nearly as immersive as The Dark Descent and the horror is a lot less natural.  Because of this, many parts of this game are more frustrating than scary."
,Recommended,239200,8810560,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sully,"<First of all I recommend you play Amnesia:The Dark Descent before playing this>Despite the fact AAMFP is a ""sequel"" to ATDD I find them in no way similar as far as gameplay, setting, and characters go.AMFP was designed to focus more on the details of the story and setting rather than the scares from the creatures you encounter, which is why it is one of my favorite horror games. The blunt truth is that ATDD was designed for the scares and only the scares which is why many Dark Descent veterans (such as myself) found AMFP very different than TDD. Here are some examples.1) Physical Scares2) Lack of custom stories3) Very different environments/monsters4) CharactersSince AMFP has no custom story option many such as myself play the game once and never launch it again, which is actually fine.AMFP is truely a masterpiece and I recommend the game to anyone who has played the dark descent or other horror games.9/10"
,Recommended,239200,8815028,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Vampire Therapy,First and foremost Amnesia a machine for pigs has a huuuuuuuge change in gameplay. You can't pick up items except puzzle pieces and chairs but this is a bit of a disappointment to fans. Also worth noting is the sanity meter in that it is no longer there. However the atmosphere of the original is still intact with more focus on the main character than the first. Also the game is linear as hell but that serves only to get the story moving along. So this a game for people who want to experience the story rather than the gameplay but if you like atmospheric games that gets horror right and things like sublety down then this is a good choice for you.
,Recommended,239200,9065213,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Spongie,"Experience on Linux so far:+ SolidThe game:If you like any of Frictional Games titles you will probably like this. I will say, it's not as good as the original Amnesia, IMO, and you don't generally feel the same panic growing inside as you did with it's predecessor. I have not finished this game yet, nor have I finished the original Amnesia, but the reasons are different. With Amnesia I simply could not take it, I was mentally fatigued and had to take plenty of breaks to slow down my pulse. With this game, however, I just got bored after getting stuck a few times with no obvious way to proceed. Still worth picking up, I think.Score:3/5"
,Not Recommended,239200,9066225,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,emu_kimu,"This game turned out to be a disapointment.  It's really nothing like The Dark Decsent expect for a small implied connection from a journal entry.  It takes away any real need for survival or need for actual thoughts on its puzzles.  The story line at first had a ton of potential and sucked me in, but as the game progressed it seemed like the developers got lazy.   I find it hard to believe that I can spend about 15 hours playing Dark Decsent on one playthrough and I beat this in less than half that time?!I really don't want to discourage people from playing this; it's not horrible, but it just is disapointing compared to the first game.  There are some good jump scares and it has an interesting plot, but they really slacked off.  I really do wish I could have given this game a thumbs-up.  If you're looking for a game just like the first amnesia, this would not be it."
,Recommended,239200,191617,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,SummonTheNight,♥♥♥♥. My. Life.
,Not Recommended,239200,9070663,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Twitch,"As a massive fan of the original Amnesia this game at best leaves me wondering what happened. The original mechanics from the game are gone and at best I find myself running away from a giant pig with my latern on at all times. Sanity? Pfft the game takes that away and lets you keep yours because nothing in the game is scary at all. Light as a mechanic? Kidding me? That was scrapped as well since you can just keep your latern on forever. If you don't have your latern on the game doesn't even turn in to the old night vision that was present. The puzzles that the game used to have barely exist, if even at all, and I am having a hard time even finishin the game. Only way I could say for someone to buy this game is if they wanted an ease in to Dark Descent..."
,Recommended,239200,8288951,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Colorfulxvisions,I loved this game ! Creepy and fun. :3
76561198092101207,Recommended,239200,8290001,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,❅ac1999🔥,"good worknot as good as Amnesia: the dark descent. as i could not pick everything up and throw it at monsters.i also miss finding those bottles of oil or those tinderboxes.even though.i had fun solving the puzzles and working through the story.overall a good game but if you make a next one,put the tinderboxes and oil back."
,Recommended,239200,1472806,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Ωhmnoom-kin,"Simply said: Put away the Amnesia from title and you have a game without complaints.The main pain is the lack of search for items which just forced you to crawl every last corner of the castle in first Amnesia. You wouldn't be even able to search for them here since they did put locks on about 95% of closets/tables.The story isn't anything extraordinary either, rather average but still enjoyable. The better part of the game were the graphic's stylisation (awesome industrial steampunk machinery designs), sound effects and music.. as usually expected from this game series.Atmosphere is not that scary as was in first game either, don't make me wrong, a few first Jump scares got me almost to change my pants but then it became kind of routine, common and expectable routine.That leads me to kind of short gameplay time which the average player will finish in no more than 6 hours, I am not even sure if I can complain about it because after getting beyond later half of the game it gets a little boring and somehow uninteresting.The game itself is rather average experience with nothing new to show us compared to previous Amnesia but still worth your time. Try it, then judge it. There is way too much of undeserved hate towards this game on Internets."
,Not Recommended,239200,166648,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Audeez,"I have to recommend that you DON'T get this game, not if you liked the first Amnesia and are expecting more. Gone are most of the game mechanics from the first game: hiding from abominable creatures, scavenging for lamp fuel, and choosing when to keep that lamp lit or deal with the eroding sanity effects of the darkness. All that is kept is the general mise en scene and the periodic acquisition of notes filling in story details. Sadly those details are so dripping with poetry and convultion that they rarely add up to anything making much sense. Visually the game is virtuall unchanged from the original and still seems to be using utilizing now ancient Source engine. Here too they've managed to strip away some of what the original game brought to the table by covering the entire screen with a procedurally generated fog that serves only to muddy every single view in the game. Even after removing the fog (via save file editing) it's obvious that The Chinese Room (in taking on stewardship of the property) misunderstood that ""dark"" means shadows and not, ""there's no strong light sources anywhere, ever."" I found myself squinting my way through the game's 5 or so hours and lamenting that I could never quite see what appeared to be a somewhat detailed and visually interesting world.I could have given A Machine for Pigs a pass for getting rid of the horror game play elements of the original Amnesia as a trade off for a deeper narrative experience, but unfortunately the game fails to succeed in this task. The end result is not quite Dear Esther and not quite Amnesia and sadly not worth your time."
,Recommended,239200,4493882,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Nalir,"How can a sequel with limited gameplay, fewer puzzles, and a linear design possibly make it on my recommendations? Keep in mind that I have played through Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and while I loved its abiliy to freighten me, it never did much of  anything else. A Machine for Pigs horrifies me through its sound design, its symbolism, and its beautifully written plot. It is unfortunate that some aspects have been removed; having no inventory and less interaction with objects does weaken this title. However, this horror game does something I've never seen in the genre. It forces me to witness the psychological behavior of its characters. It has a central dehumanizing theme to society that I can empathize with. In short, it is art. But it is not just art for the sake of being only for the artistic eye, it is a game that proves how it, and others like it, can be seen as a new artistic medium."
,Recommended,239200,7965444,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,KungFuGrip,"Very atmospheric horror game. The graphics aren't that great, but the game pulls you right in. One of the scariest games I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,239200,8199737,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,iamtheforce,"This game was very dissapointing as a whole. The story, while being interesting enough to hold my attention, was all too short. After only about 3 hours I had completed it. Also all the gameplay mechanics, (Oil, Sanity, inventory system, ect.) were taken out and they had nothing meaningful to replace them. The sequences left much to be desired as I was never spooked by anything.It did have a interesting soundtrack though, so if you get that chance give that a listen, its on spotify and probably other places.All around a letdown and not worth the $20, if you just have to play it wait untill its on sale so that you arent wasting some of your money."
,Recommended,239200,8200485,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Official Overwatch Guy,"The chinese room ruined Amnesia, its not scary, it's story driven, the feeling of isolation and sanity in Amnesia 1 isnt present, if you wanna be scared, dont buy it."
,Recommended,239200,8274358,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Espano,"While this game does not live up to the premise of being just as scary as the first game regarding the constant terror of enemies around, this game still delievers a great and dark story filled with lots of atmosphere, great soundtrack, and the constant pressure of being followed. While you won't be scared with jumpscares often, you will still find moments where you will shake in fear. In comparison to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this is a more story driven and atmospheric tale. If you love stories and puzzles, check it out. If you're just in to be scared by jumpscares and several enemy encounters, you should just download mods for Amnesia: The Dark Descent or buy Outlast. Still, a underrated game."
,Recommended,239200,8276217,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Vainolainen,"Nope... nope, nope, nope! The pressure is too much. Scares the crap out of me. This is a well built game... maybe too well."
21313992477924798,Not Recommended,239200,8276223,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,THE GROOSE IS LOOSE,"This should have been called ""A machine for pigs"", the Amnesia title doesn't belong.This game is not Amnesia so don't expect it."
,Not Recommended,239200,8268855,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Champagne Ivy,"I had extremely high hopes for this game. I loved Amnesia and liked Dear Esther, but sadly this game hamfistedly (har?) shoves the sentimental prose of the latter into the engine of the former without utilizing any of the features that made Amnesia so tense and horrifying. The result is a dark muddy slog through an overly literal interpretation of the game's evocative title that's neither frightening nor satisfying.It's an interesting swing and a miss, but definitely a miss for me."
,Not Recommended,239200,8318487,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Natzuon,"Decent game, but if you're looking for a real horror game, try Amnesia: The Dark Descent"
76561197991513421,Not Recommended,239200,1329348,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Detoxicity,"If you're expecting a similar experience to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you may want to look elsewhere. This game was developed by The Chinese Room who also made Dear Esther. If you know anything about that game then you should expect a similarly somewhat dissapointing design scheme."
,Not Recommended,239200,8322245,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Storm,"I was hoping for more like the original, but it turned out to be very linear and boring experience."
76561198000470358,Recommended,239200,8322311,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,InfinitusCaligo,"Having not played the first Amnesia, i think this helped to not make me look forward to a sequel, rather a new experience altogether. The game was short, but interesting, the subject matter horrific - which is exactly the way i like it - but what really set the standard was the soundtrack, which was brilliant. 8 out of 10 overall."
,Recommended,239200,3463066,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Lucas,Good but seems a bit too short but It has a pretty good storyline to it.
76561197995816758,Recommended,239200,17932531,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,jonbitzen,"I liked this game.  This game is different from its forbear, Amnesia the Dark Descent.  This game is more of an experience, and you sort of walk through it and enjoy the storytelling (transmitted through notes, phonograph recordings, and telephone calls).  It's definitely a more casual experience than Amnesia the Dark Descent, but sometimes that is good."
76561198108736806,Recommended,239200,18078481,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ryan,"Its not like the first one, there may be bugs, and hell it might not even be that scary at times, but still worth the buy at a DISCOUNTED price.7/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,18096440,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,"Kal, Grumpy Convict","In which theChineseRoom aptly demonstrate that walking simulators are not and should not be the future of videogames. I cannot recommend this game to anyone.The game, while billed as a horror story, did not at any point make me anything more than slightly unsettled. For a game about a machine literally dedicated to turning humans into canned meat (spoiler warning: if you didn't already gather it from the exceptionally ham-fisted foreshadowing in the trailers, ""pig"" is Oswald Mandus' slang for ""human being"") you really don't get to see much of that. There's nothing remotely as revulsion-inducing as the blood transfusion scene from the first game, nor does it feel like the monsters are in any way as threatening as the Gatherers - this is perhaps because we have no context for what precisely they are other than twisted abominations.Oh, also, the invisible water monsters are back but they're utterly wasted due to never being used in a context remotely as terrifying as in Dark Descent.In fact, that there's little sense of danger anywhere in this title, as the game will respawn you instantly upon death, usually having despawned the monster that killed you as a courtesy. Horror games rely upon a sense of vulnerability and weakness, a feeling that the threats you're dealing with are difficult or even impossible for you to overcome. While there is indeed no way of killing any enemy in this game, simply letting an enemy kill you becomes a perfectly legitimate tactic if you want to progress to the next area of the game.On that note, allow me to bring up how linear the game is. Gone are the hub areas which require you to solve a specific problem (create a flesh-dissolving acid, fix the broken elevator, melt a padlock, transfuse yourself with poison-resistant blood from a rotting corpse etc.) by solving smaller problems and accumulating tools that you find scattered around various levels. They are replaced with a linear progression of levels that seem in rather a hurry to speed you to the next plot point. There's very little in the way of side paths or secret areas to find, and although many of the original Amnesia's levels also had this problem, almost everything of any relevance whatsoever in A Machine for Pigs is laid out such that you couldn't miss it if you tried.The story itself attempts an exploration of themes like dehumanisation, bereavement, self-righteousness, guilt and the merger of magic and technology, and don't get me wrong, it has some excellent ideas, but they're betrayed by a criminally ham-fisted delivery. The game tries to wring pathos out of references to the various atrocities of the 20th century, but all the while struggles to make its central characters relatable. Half the dialogue sounds like something out of an opera or a Greek epic, but without the human element that allows suspension of disbelief. We are shown the story, even told what we should feel about it and why, but we're never allowed to discover these things on our own and make our own decisions.If Frictional wanted a horror game, they should have made one themselves. If theChineseRoom wanted an exploration of Victorian morality, they should have made one themselves. It feels like two different concepts and two different styles of game have been clumsily mashed together, and would have done better to be left seperate."
,Not Recommended,239200,17511714,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,relapse,Something doesn't feel right when I play this game. I feel like something is missing that made the original Amnesia so compelling to play.
,Recommended,239200,18064955,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,shmapini,A fine feast
,Recommended,239200,18067585,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,JadeCreeper,"First let me start off by saying this is not an exact copy of Amnesia: The Dark Descent with a different story. It is not quite as atmospherically scary as the first Amnesia, but instead you fear be found by you're pursuer. There are no oil cans or tinder boxes to find. This can be seen as bad or good depending on you're view of it, if you like a challenge then the removal of these features will be a dissapointment to you. On the other hand if you hated having to search around for these things then you won't have a problem.Pros:Great storylineGreat art astheticGood gameplayCons:Some areas you enter can dramatically decrease FPS, regardless of how low you turn down the video settings"
,Not Recommended,239200,3284010,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Zaiaku,"Im redoing this review.  After playing it twice... I cant say I liked this game as much as I wanted to.  Unlike Dark Decent, this game had very little in the way of creepy value or replayability.  I think I managed to finish this game in one sitting without any issues or having that moment of ""Oh s***, im running out of..."" Or ""I know that THING is right around the corner....""While IRL holding my breath(Yes I did that for Dark Decent the first time I played through it.)Honestly...This game could have been much better so it pains me to say i do not recommend this game....Unless its on sale...(Currently 5$ CDN i think its worth it for that)"
76561198019579683,Recommended,239200,3252824,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,saerus,"Dawno nie grałem w tak przyzwoity horror / grozę. Dobra pozycja na długie, jesienne noce."
76561198073591274,Not Recommended,239200,8193433,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Beelzebrown,"A massive waste of potentialI could go and list everything that shouldn't of been removed/was needlessly added but it's been two years, I don't give much of a toss as SOMA is 5 days away now and that looks pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good.It's just that all the nice concept art and screens that were there before release with AMFP led me to believe it would a be great orginal idea put into a game.I mean the narrative and setting was, the lack of gameplay however was a massive ♥♥♥♥ing letdown.Chinese room take not, don't ♥♥♥♥ up next time."
,Recommended,239200,7342748,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Reule,There is no game that compares to the thrills I get in here. Why play such games?Why wouldn't you?
76561198162359357,Recommended,239200,18052202,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,joe_stapf,"Its like a twisted version of the three little piggies only written/directed/embellished by Oxide Pang and starring Mr. Bean.Just the music alone sounds like its from any one of the Pang Brothers movies.Pretty cool stuff here.Note:  Go for the highest difficulty mode... I'm playing it on ""Normal"" and the enemies are acting like sissies with pms."
,Recommended,239200,18056807,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Nytra,"This game is not a survival horror, it's a story based first person walking simulator with occasional monster encounters. The monsters themselves are actually laughable, they pose almost no threat to the player whatsoever and have a pathetic AI. You can literally just run past them and they won't catch you.I did actually enjoy the story, most of it is in the form of notes which can be found throughout each level. You won't really understand what's going on if you don't read the notes.Sound and atmosphere is adequate although definitely not to the incredibly high standard set by the first Amnesia title.Overall I would give this game a 6/10. Pick it up in a sale but play the first Amnesia before this one."
76561198049552313,Not Recommended,239200,18077430,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The bigger the figure,"Okay if you thought trine 3, Gothic 3, or FEAR 3 were a dissapointment, You literally cannot die in this game even if you try.The hype wasn't worth it, i don't care if this game becomes half a dollar, save that and go buy a game with trading cards, thats how worthless this game is.I still can't understand how Frictional games went went from penumbra to Amnesia: dark descent to this, it's just sad.The ONLY reason this game would get 2/10 instead of 1/10 is because at least it has a story and visuals, but other than that literally everything about it sucks."
76561198027450347,Not Recommended,239200,10927139,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Megabert,DPI Button Simulator 2013.  Now with cheesey British accented kids!
,Not Recommended,239200,1872624,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,HURST,"Just pass on this game, it's short as god damn. Watch a playthrough of it, that alone will suffice, trust me, not worth the money.Music and scenery was nice though."
,Recommended,239200,747493,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Ens. M.,"It's The Dark Descent mixed with Dear Esther, with both adding and subtracting things from each other. Story and atmosphere over gameplay. I was less scared and more disturbed from what was going on. Definitely a game you should check out once it's on sale."
,Recommended,239200,7310028,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,BootlegBeer -Klutz-,"You are the industrialist tycoon father of two sons. You wake up in a daze in late 1800's England, haunted by the voices of your children. You begin to search the rooms of your enormous mansion for them. You get a phone call. Your children are in danger. You must shut down the steam machine on your industrial complex to guarantee their safety.This game's storyline has plenty of twists and turns, while not as scary as some may hope, there are plenty of moments that will have you jump up in your chair. It is up to you to determine where your children are. You will learn the nature of their destinations, and will learn the true nature of the machine you have created. Who or what is the machine, and what role do the pigs play? You'll be surprised.While starting out rather slow and a bit frustrating at first, A Machine For Pigs has a captivating storyline with a rewarding amount of lore via random text scrolls. You'll enjoy searching the enormous complex for your children's safety, and will be pleasently surprised at the themes portrayed in this horror survival.At the end of the day, I think we will all have fun and enjoy some bacon the next day.....or perhaps not?!?!!!"
,Recommended,239200,698660,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Thomas,This game makes up for its few design misteps from a horror standpoint with a much more engrossing and well written plot than the original Amnesia. The sound and music design is as fantastic as ever.Machine For Pigs almost lets me forget how disappointing Dear Esther was. Almost.
,Not Recommended,239200,7755315,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,夢,"Imagine if you took all the worst parts of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and crossed them with Dear Esther, you get this game.The gameplay has been simplified, the layout is linear, lacks atmoshpere, the puzzles are very poorly intergrated into the environment (at least they are easy), the monsters and dark environments just make the game tedious rather then suspensful and the storytelling is very stiff.I was hoping for somthing far more impressive from Frictional Games considering their eairlier games such as the Penumbra series. Extremely dissapointing, I want my money back. Walking simulator/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,7756514,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pr0totype dFA,"I've played The Dark Descent from start to finish and felt it brought something new to the table (nothing great and overrated imo).  In all honesty, A Machine for Pigs was the first title I played from the series after being in awe from the visuals.  After 4 hours of boring gameplay and an ""ok"" story I was rather disappointed."
,Recommended,239200,479615,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,ChrisPugh,"Cons: Not as intensely scary as the first one, less interactive, more linear, shorter, less gameplayPros: Excellent and creepy story, thick horror atmosphere, excellent sound design and musicIf you liked Dear Esther and want to play and Amnesia-fied version, this is your game."
,Recommended,239200,900822,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Flandre,"I'd love to wr-write a review! Of course! Everyone's so crazy about this game! Flandre isn't that shy to write a review!!*Clears throat* Okay! Now listen to me ! I will give you a ver..*Chokes*I played the first Amnesia: The Dark Hellish Scary Doom Game That Forever Scarred My Life Descent for such a long time now, but mostly the custom stories. Thou the campaign was enjoyable as well, the community is lovely strong. A lot of people are basing their review solely in comparison with the first game. Nothing wrong with that. In any case, just a few points to keep in mind.I enjoyed this game quite a lot. I personally think that handing this to thechineseroom was not too much of the greatest idea, rather, Frictional Games should have done all the work, ALL, and they should have said NO DON'T DO THAT! AND THAT! BAD BAD! Removing elements (Yes I'M GONNA BRAG ABOUT IT BALHBVALH) such as the sanity was something TDD was special for, because it created tension, and so did running out of oil, and what am I gonna do with my life after it depletes, or what if I pass out next to that monster and he sees me and comes towards me then I just shut the computer off instantly, go to my bed and weep and cry ALONE AND FEEL MISERA-....*AHEM*.... that kind of tension is what made The Dark Descent special. You just had no idea what'd you do in that situation, and it was just frightful to be left without any idea on what to do next. At some points I just didn't even want to continue in The Dark Descent, as I was too nervous and scared. (Sh-shush baka, n-not funny).T-thou the staggering amount of effort given, and the interesting story kept me going and going for A Machine for Pigs. As suppose to the first one, the sound effects are very well done and much more vibrant, and I could say a little about how the game looks, as I felt it was a slight improvement, but that's it. I felt like I was still apart of the game, and not what some people say ""a walking narrator"". I am easily scared, VERY easily, so the monsters did their job just fine, and so did the lights flickering as they got near and I panicked and cried and screamed for my life. So in a way the fear also kept me going as well. The atmosphere was just brilliant!So in the end, I enjoyed it, and had fun, and cried in fear. I don't use numbers, but if a grunt or pig monster came and asked me for one I'd immediately shout a 7/10 and then die, thou that really doesn't mean much to me. So, as a 'sequel' to the first game, The Dark Descent is far much superior, but A Machine for Pigs is still a Machine of Terror and dread to enjoy, yet could have been MUCH better."
,Recommended,239200,6354562,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Chief Nub Nub,"An okay horror-survival game with a very good and immersive story. This game, unlike it's predecessor, is much more story based and so the elements of horror lack greatly in the mid-end game. If you're looking for a great story with mild horror and decent atmosphere, this game is your cup of tea!"
,Recommended,239200,842549,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Berto,"Feels more like a Dear Esther 2 than a Amnesia 2. It's definitly different from A Dark Descent and in my opinion a weaker game, but it still has its strong points, mainly in story, sound design and art direction. Didn't like the abuse of scripted sequences that do nothing than basicly removing all fear and tension. I still recomend it though.3,5/ 5"
,Recommended,239200,7750603,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shun435,no its a shorter tham the first one
76561197976599923,Recommended,239200,724009,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Tris! :D,"So, in a nutshell, it's a terrible Amnesia game, but an excellent Visual novel. The same creators of Dear Esther prove to once again, show their adept storytelling, but having an entire focus on it completely hinders on the whole Amnesia gameplay. The survival aspect of having to collect tinderboxes create a sort of time limit on solving puzzles, but without tinderboxes in this game, took away the survival... The horror aspect was completely non-existent. The monsters had terrible AI, to the point of looking at me and disregarding my existence. The environment was successfully creepy, but in no way scary. This game, all it had was the excellently written story which at some points, had redundancy and repetition... Anyway, would've been much better as a short visual novel labeled as an expansion than a full game... I guess you get what you get for 20 dollars.5/10"
76561198115686854,Recommended,239200,7776040,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Kerbyknox,"It's good. It's not like the Dark Descent, but is definatly worth the 20 bucks for it."
,Recommended,239200,7778715,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,birdspanker,"As compared to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, the typical gameplay elements are rather stripped back in favor of exploration and exposition. Regardless, I really enjoyed the atmosphere of gloom and dread coupled with the grotesque and intriguing story.  Definitely a solid experience."
76561197961322104,Recommended,239200,7763751,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,POINTS:,"I really liked Amnesia: ""The Dark Descent"" and I don't think ""A Machine for Pigs"" has quite the same atmosphere that I enjoyed with the Dark Descent. However, it is still a fun game none the less. I'm hoping the game will start to have a more creepy feel as I get further along in the game."
,Recommended,239200,2496741,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Redpool,"If you're expecting jump scares and the fear-inducing paranoia of Amnesia:TDD look elswhere.The best way to describe this game would be as an experiment int he Amnesia universe. This game is not here to shock or scare you as much as to disturb and revolt you.The focus here is clearly on the anrrative and this only becomes more evident as the story progressess.Some may be disappointed in the linear and simplified gameplay but, given the games goal, it is wholly understandable.What this game does have is a brilliant soundtrack and a truly harrowing narrative. Though many may find the complex vocabulary and long monologues to be the epitome of pretencion, if you can get over them there is a very interesting tale waiting to be told.tldr; Gradually goes from Amnesia to Dear Esther, great unusual story, lackluster horror and gameplayWould recommend if the story is enough for you, look elswhere for horror trills."
76561198028035709,Recommended,239200,15601978,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,amoeba,"it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my ear, made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, made me silently cry in a corner for 20 minutes staring at a picture of a potbelly pig next to a picture of nikola tesla... i ask the chinese room why did you have to make a monster that can tralvel through the universe and it can electrocoute you. fak u gaem im don.an onion/shrek -ign"
,Recommended,239200,791836,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,qrikko,that amnesia feeling.. it's something else
,Not Recommended,239200,5169544,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,"Dayman, Fighter of the Nightman",This game was terrible. Not scary at all compared to other games I've played in the genre. The story was very short and the replay value is basically nil. Don't waste your money.
76561197983112150,Not Recommended,239200,17276399,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mistan,A pretty but bad version of amnesia the dark descent as the first game felt deep and meaningful to journey trough.This game does not deliver what the original provides. 2 scares in total rest is just sounds.dissapointing and rather weird.
,Not Recommended,239200,17293118,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ShockCan,"I wouldn’t say this game is bad, it’s just….. disappointing, really disappointing.After I played the first Amnesia and watched the trailer for the second one, I was waiting with enthusiasm for this second installment. However, I was met with disappointment.This game removes EVERYTHING that was a core aspect in the first Amnesia:-	It removes health and SANITY, freaking sanity one of my most favorite aspect in Amnesia TDD.-	They add freaking health regeneration.-	NO INVENTORY.-	Almost no puzzles, and when there is they are really dull and boring.In addition, you barely encounter any monsters. You SEE them but most time they don’t do anything to you or the only thing they do is chase for a while.I know another developer made this game, but still….Some positive notes are that they do focus more in the story, but unfortunately, I have to say I didn’t find it that interesting. There are some pretty creepy ambience and sometimes I did feel a little bit of horror, but just a little....So it’s not a BAD game, but it’s a walking simulator don’t expect too much horror. You will see some stuff that will make anxious and nervous, but barely.So in summary: Disappointing game. If you want to buy this you should do it in a sale. Not worth the money IMO.5/10"
76561198055496591,Recommended,239200,17146937,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,CriticalGore,A more psychological horror game with the Amnesia brand of atmosphere and I would take this over Outlast any day.
,Recommended,239200,17150442,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ATF_Gaki //,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs creates a world that would appeal to Lovecraftian fans.  The mystery and suspense creates a spooky atmosphere for a large portion of the game.  Combat is best to be avoided, much akin to the prior as this is not the sort of game that focuses on it.  This is a game that creates a beautiful atmosphere of dark, twisted, and yet just close enough to reality that you will keep questioning what is happening until the very end.Pay attention to the dialogues as well as the map images as the further you go down the rabbit hole, the more this will start to resemble the sanity-shredding aspects that most would associate with cthonic mysteries.The only downside is that once the game is over there is no reason to play it through again."
76561198061257852,Recommended,239200,6208791,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Stahl Senpai™,Only played for an hour. Still needed to change my pants.
,Recommended,239200,17097933,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,HungryCat,#2Spooky. Went half way through the game. It reminds me of Dear Ester in the sense that the game is based around telling a story and showing. This game as a aposed to it's predecessor emphasises the puzzle element to this game.  A large portion of the game doesn't involve running from enemies but it feels like you may have to at all times due to the absolutely bone chilling atmosphere design of the game.
,Not Recommended,239200,16983762,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,MrJabberwock,Not as good as Amnesia: The Dark Descent. They took out the sanity meter and the need to have oil for your lamp. Still has some freaky parts. My friend punched herself and got a bloody nose while watching me play.
76561198034389727,Not Recommended,239200,17082447,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,-SK-,Meh
76561198041649599,Recommended,239200,16998800,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Superduperlative,"Deeply atmospheric, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs takes a very unusual storyline and spins a tale of ever deepening darkness.  Venture further and further into the Machine for Pigs, and come to understand the bizarre mind of the twisted genius behind it all.  Philosophical and disturbing, this second Amnesia game may not have the frightening Chef guy in the dungeons, but it has something just as disturbing lurking about behind you, so beware.Highly immersive and enjoyable, though for a sequel, it fails to expand much upon the original Amnesia formula."
,Not Recommended,239200,17013775,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Fart Explosion,"I'll be frank - if you're going to make ""art"" related games, it's best to make sure the ""gameplay"" parts match with it. I liked the story, I really did, but I felt that the devs were trying to make the story more tense and frightening than the game itself. And as a result, It was like walking through a visual novel than a horror game, which is what Amnesia should have been.I mean, for an artsy walkabout it's perfectly acceptable, but for those searching for an experience to make your hairs stand on end better look elsewhere."
76561198038178463,Not Recommended,239200,17437432,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,RatDota,Not scary after you've seen the first manbearpig. just lame and easy puzzles.
,Not Recommended,239200,17329325,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,=^^= Plv zorglub,"If you liked the original Amnesia and was captivated by its incredibbe ability to scare you to your heart, just by creating a terrifying ambiance ... then don't play A machine for pigs.It's not a bad game per se. It just fails to do what the original game did so amazingly."
76561198209252789,Recommended,239200,17478461,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,dmcclure2000,I really enjoyed playing this game it was scary and it was just a wonderful game i was wondering if this game could go on console for xbox one and playstation 4? But i realy really thank steam for having this game on here i was really happy and glad about it and thank you all
,Recommended,239200,17976338,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,buter-brod,"Whilst Dark Descent was formidable horror with ending totally screwed up, Machine for Pigs is generally the opposite. Most of the quest you just wander somewhere amongst cogwheels pulling the levers, spinning the valves and doing other Half-Life stuff.Enemy is rare and dumb. It appears from nowhere and vanishes into the air by chance, that's not fair. Moreover, I believe it's ok to arouse some suspense by sudden sounds, but (!) when you hear footsteps behind your back and you're totally sure nobody could come from THAT DIRECTION, that crap is not frightening anyone, it becomes teasing and annoying. I'd say, cheap & dull horror methods here.Mechanics are simplified, good physics sandbox potential we know since Penumbra series is likely ignored.So, don't expect this game to be really scary as original Amnesia, although it tries, really tries, and even sometimes it succeed, thanks for brilliant sound effects - ambience, surround & music (rare, but surprisingly good).To be honest, I originally wanted to push 'Not recommended' button here, since Machine for Pigs feels so ugly & imperfect over against Dark Descent, but not after I finished the game. The last 4 hours of gameplay offset all the boring Half-life wandering with exciting action and come to a terrific ending. The story is definitely the forte of this game, Yūgen-part is heavy and fits well the things not covered by the journal and character's insights. That's why I can say the game worths playing.So,+storysound & musicvoices (actors)-not so much scaryawful outdated graphicstoo casual simplified mechanics."
,Not Recommended,239200,8635031,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Chaotic Zombie,"Expectations were set high for this game after the success of Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Unfortunately they stripped the system down to simplify the game, watered down the puzzles, and relied entirely too much on jump scares. Expect to be chasing laughing children for the first hour or two in the game, and the fear is alleviated throughout the game because most enemies can't kill you, they will hit you a couple of times and then go 'poof' and disappear.The story was great, and the graphics and style of the game were phenomenal. Unfortunately, it's very short, and doesn't succeed as a horror game."
,Not Recommended,239200,8635083,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Psycho_Analysis,"Even if this game was $2.50 it is a mockery of bearing the title ""Amnesia"" the entire games encounters other than what I can count on less than one hand are scripted. Most of the rising points of the game are visible before they occur. Do not buy this game. If you burn your money atleast it produces heat; if you spend your money on this game, all you will get is shame."
76561198046998700,Recommended,239200,8638633,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Micycle,"Well, I haven't finished it yet because I'm too scared. So that probably means it's a good game."
76561198002468872,Recommended,239200,8638674,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,AstroBug,"Utterly terrifying, this game must be played wearing headphones in the dark...if you dare! The game mechanics are remniscent of 'Call of Cthulhu', as well as  the Penumbra series. Lots of skulking around in darkness trying to unravel a mystery which begins as a spooky piece of Steampunk, only to become darker and more visceral as you descend (literally) into the hellish depths. It may be a cliche, but this much is true...Not for the Faint-Hearted."
,Not Recommended,239200,8639539,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,k uuvo;,"As I can't say this game is bad, it is not the best. Compared to the original, it comes no where close. The immersive and interactive aspects are wiped away, so far, I don't even have an inventory, (If there even is one.) If you would like a better horror game, get The Dark Descent. Much better, much longer, better story, better suspense, and best of all, better horror."
76561198062260263,Recommended,239200,8639559,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,۩Water۩,Dude the ending is so sexy and super sad i recomend this game
,Recommended,239200,4192098,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,DigiWobble,"just started playing this , but i love/hate it already <3"
76561198077022456,Recommended,239200,8648509,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mothafuckin' DIO-double-G,"This game is frickin' terrifying, its so fun!"
76561198046416746,Recommended,239200,8649139,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,AngeltheNomad,"was looking forward to this game from the very beginning, howvere it wasnt as scary as the first one. yet thrilling with some parts, better effect when u play at night. +3/5 (stars)"
76561198062895292,Not Recommended,239200,8649857,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sir Jamy the Strangler,"chineseroom botched this♥♥♥♥♥♥  if you played amnesia and loved it, get ready to be disappointed!to be fair, it isn't necessarily chineseroom's fault.  there was a glut of 'run and hide' horror this season, to the point where the scares were nonexistent.  never a suspension of disbelief.  i always had a cupboard in mind to hide in.  immersion lost.it's too bad, i had high hopes for this based on 'dark descent.'"
76561197966482898,Recommended,239200,245002,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Nuclear Nelson,"Save this one for when its on sale.  While Machine for Pigs is overall enjoyable, with the tense atmosphere and disturbing visuals that you would expect from an Amnesia game, it pales in comparison to The Dark Descent.  To me it felt like a watered down version of the game I love.  Inventory, sanity, and resource managment are gone.  There is no where near the level of environmental interaction as its predecessor, which made me feel disconnected from the setting.  The fact the developers didn't even bother to make a difference in the console/PC tips (i.e. ""Press f or Y button for lantern), screams laziness.  It might just be me but I couldn't see a damn thing, with or without the lantern, even at maximum screen brightness.  My eyes hurt everytime I played this game. Very tempermental with integrated graphics chips.  7/10."
76561198020180105,Not Recommended,239200,8651597,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ragucci25,Get the first one. The only thing better in this game imo was a better story. Overall just poor. Short and dumbed down compare to Dark Descent
,Not Recommended,239200,9106249,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dawgzy,"No where near as good as previous Title, dissapointing, and not very scary at all."
,Not Recommended,239200,9106717,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,♥♥♥♥ you chinese room
,Recommended,239200,2409144,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Scotty - 2 - Hotty,One of the best constipation cures known to man.
,Not Recommended,239200,9114925,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,BacksideBeefCurtains,"Comparing to the first, this game was of no comparison. There's no insanity meter, no inventory (so no collecting things no finding oil), there werent even puzzles. You couldn't interact with hardly any of the objects in game. It fell so path-driven that it really wasnt as enjoyable. The story is a little confusing and the enemies come up so often you eventually get used to seeing them.I still enjoyed it somewhat just for the scare factor, had a few moments that made me yell but otherwise very disapointing."
,Recommended,239200,9115233,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Chromigula,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs seems short when compared to Amnesia: The Dark Decent, and there is no real connection between the two other than sharing the same universe.  Like The Dark Decent, A Machine for Pigs has a somewhat Lovecraftian theme, though the threat of running into a monster feels more remote than in The Dark Decent.  The amosphere of the game retains the sense of dread, though the use of fog is sometimes a bit much and can cause the graphics to wash out.  It feels very linear, and at times felt less like a game and more like an interactive novel.  It is agoodnovel, though and well worth giving a read."
,Recommended,239200,586263,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Interference,"Ignore the Reddit users saying this game will make you evacuate your bowels: it's a great (albeit 4 and a half hour) first person horror / puzzler with an engaging story and boatloads of atmosphere but it's not the rollercoaster of terror the previous game was.It's got an overriding air of dread to it, some fairly grim themes rather than out-and-out, pant-wetting scares like the original. A different kind of horror, but still enjoyable."
76561198032707147,Not Recommended,239200,18137449,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,MoneyMike1123,Game is a huge let down after the great game the dark descent.
76561197967803170,Recommended,239200,18145108,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,a u r i s,This is not a survival game at all. More of an exploration or narrative game.  Setting is very good and the main characters sing to the misanthrope in me. Atmosphere is very well done. Great audio. I really like this game.
76561197989611307,Not Recommended,239200,18160572,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,youngcathar,Huge fan of Amnesia: The dark descent here and everything I enjoyed in the first game is gone.  Better graphics and some intriguing auditory hallucinations are not enough to improve a game.  The running away scared sequence were the most disappointing parts.  They may be harder but it's for the wrong reasons (like getting lost) and they fail to be scary.  Hope the team learns from their mistakes and gets back to releasing awesome games.
76561197984576500,Recommended,239200,18159845,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Moonshadow,"Don't take any notice of the ""knockers"" of this game, I suspect the metaphors go right over some players heads.Play and enjoy......"
,Recommended,239200,18109639,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,spicygamethunder,"It's ok, I think it has a decent story and some of the environments look pretty good. However, I think after playing this, Stanley Parable, the original Dear Esther mod, etc. Over time, the whole ""walking simulator"" novelty has just gotten boring to be honest...."
,Not Recommended,239200,1860114,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,DiskSystem,"This was seriously weak! Graphics and sound design is great but it is nothing like The Dark Descent except for the engine it is running on. Forget everything you liked about that game, it is nowhere to be found in this. If Frictional Games fully developed this instead of The Chinese Room, it would've been much better."
,Recommended,239200,7784548,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,StonedMagician,"It's not anywhere near as scary as The Dark Descent, but it's better written and acted, and just as atmospheric.SCORE: 8/10"
76561198006256788,Recommended,239200,2355468,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,mirageofpenguins,WHY IS THE FLOOR ALL RED AND STICKY?
76561197998787785,Recommended,239200,13841931,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Uncl[e]Gus,"I recommend this game, but not nearly as much as the original Amnesia. I found the levels too linear for my liking, the pig creatures more comical than scary and far too easy to evade. The story was less compelling than the original. I got four hours of entertainment out of it for ~$6, so it was still worth it, although I was fairly disappointed."
,Not Recommended,239200,13397462,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Draco Blue,Insulting for Amnesia 1. Just threw to the trash everything that made the first one a good game. And on top of that there is no difficulty at all no puzzles or whatsoever just walking straight the whole game....
,Not Recommended,239200,15346228,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,xeno,Not as scary as the last. By the end I was actually quite bored. Would not recommend.
76561198017710151,Recommended,239200,15191943,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Perinthius,"The gameplay is not as good as the first Amnesia, but it's still very good and the story is truly amazing. I don't understand the bad reviews for the game, it's really very very good and if you are a fan of horror games you should definitely get this. 8,5/10"
,Recommended,239200,15195453,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Peanut366,"Very fun game, I enjoyed having to use my wits to solve puzzles versus fighting through everything with brawn."
76561197983645077,Recommended,239200,14815058,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,WallsOfEryx,"The problem with this game is that it was put out as a Amnesia: The Dark Descent sequel of sorts, which can't be farther from the truth. This is less of a horror game and more of an interactive experience, in the lines of Dear Esther and The Stanley Parable, giving that almost all gameplay features were removed. I really loved A Machine For Pigs, the atmosphere and storytelling were brilliant, so I'll recommed for what it is; I'll just give a fair warning that if you expect something on par with the first Amnesia, you'll be very disappointed. Heck, I'll even go as far to say that this game wouldn't have the bad rep it has if it had just dropped the Amnesia name from its title."
,Not Recommended,239200,14903593,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Arcusalt,"I spent 64 hours trying to find my children, and saw a pig the proccess. 11/10 would not give to my dog"
,Recommended,239200,4569742,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Motte,really epic story and an awesome atmosphere !
,Recommended,239200,15254743,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dragon,3 Spooky 5 me
,Recommended,239200,15255277,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sourmouth,2 spooky
,Recommended,239200,15425846,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shield Pearl,"After finishing Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, I can actually say that I really enjoyed it. No - it's not as scary as the first game, no - it's not as long, it is a shorter game. But the story was very good and I finished the game feeling mildly satisfyed with how it ended. If you have played the first game, expect to be disappointed with how this game turned out overall, like I did. But I feel that I got my moneys worth. It may not be as good as the first one, but that doesn't mean it's a bad game, it is so far from that indeed. Would highly reccommend."
76561198087448441,Recommended,239200,15175914,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Joe McDank,Gave me a boner lol
,Not Recommended,239200,15177206,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Stalker Zero 120,"This is an example of a step backwards in gaming.its a good game in its own right, but after the first amnesia, i was expecting something more, not something less."
,Not Recommended,239200,2430206,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,?!,It's a Lite version of Amnesia: Dark Descent!Frankly speaking- a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071108459,Not Recommended,239200,12823345,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dr. Bleach,"What a flipping cash grab! I thought when steam released it with a christmas deal I was so excited to play this because I liked the Dark Descent and so this one must be good right? What a flipping lie! I can't even play the game because I say ""Start a new game"" it crashes on the first loading screen I left it for a hour and it still didn't move just stayed there. As I said before, it is a cash grab, DON'T buy this game, Steam customer support is useless and they NEVER fix it. Penumbra for example, the game was down for a year and a half and then they decided to fix it.Over all score: 0/100"
76561198036015810,Recommended,239200,13727701,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,eviljoseph101,"Made me scream like a little girl. Not gonna lie, thought it was kinda lame until i almost pooped my self. Its worth 20 bucks. Over all a good buy, the game play is almost the same as it The dark Descent but its just a tiny bit different. Doesnt seem a puzzly to me."
,Not Recommended,239200,15234722,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zerlot,"This game has a very immersive story with that same dark, alone feeling... however:The prequel was way better as it had scarier-looking monsters and freaks of natureThe prequel also had a more disturbed atmosphereThe prequel last, but not least, had a better gameplay system. I actually had to time my lantern use and couldn't look at the monsters head onAll in all, this game was a huge disappointment to its predecessor, I couldn't even finish the game I was so bored."
,Recommended,239200,15457811,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Eukaryot,"I miss the mental toughness and the oil for the lamp. Without it I step through the game like I'm going for a walk.I loved the music from the first game which isn't quite as good in this sequel as well.It's still good, but you can also ignore it."
76561198124170602,Not Recommended,239200,16367339,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,narrow,the cynic al. amnesia a machine for pigs review.
76561198044479847,Recommended,239200,16358387,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shabananana,
,Recommended,239200,12297386,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,twitch.tv/itzteajay,Buy this game while on sale! I beat this game in about 8 hours while playing with my girlfriend watching. It's a fun game and has ample opertunities to scare you if you haven't desensatised yourself in the horror genre too much. I enjoyed the story and it came together very well in the end. As a complete game it did it's job with a start middle and graceful closure. This game is not however the scariest game I've ever played by a longshot. It has it's points but if you're looking for something to make you terrified rather than tell you a scary story this game is not for you.
,Not Recommended,239200,12301937,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,JohnDeathman,"Ok, this is quite a difficult game to review. On one hand I am heavily dissapointed by the almost complete cutting of interactivity and gameplay to the simplest door opening and valve turning mechanics and the complete removal of Amnesia's signature monster filled horror.  On the other I cannot help but admire the dedication to story and the creation of quite a dark and sinister story of hate and disgust. I enjoy the tension and environments and love the music. This game boasts one of the best soundtracks to date. However I can't finish the game as the last level has bugged out for me so for that reason I cannot reccomend it. However suspense and story driven game fans may enjoy it, from what I played of it, it was fun, just not up to the Amnesia title it boasts."
,Not Recommended,239200,8587458,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Soixante,"Amnesia A Machine For Pigs is a great game, so why do I not recomend this? Well, if you have played the original game, prepared to be disapointed. There is no sanity meter, unlimited lantern fuel, really weak monsters. The only way this game is superior to the original is the story. Yes, The Dark Decent had a good story, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was A Machine For Pigs story so much better. Either way, if you are prepared to be disapointed but still want to play through for the story, go ahead and get it."
,Not Recommended,239200,12207645,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Boy Lag,test
,Recommended,239200,12254095,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ChaosDX,"Amnesia: The Dark Descent is a Horror Survival. Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a Horror Story. It feels a bit like Dear Esther during Halloween. If that’s not your thing, all right. But I still enjoyed my time playing.Without comparing it to A:TDD, it's still a pretty good story-focused game. Just remember, you are not an action hero in the Amnesia series. You must run and hide if you want to survive to see the sun again."
,Not Recommended,239200,12224978,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Hunter-Spy,it's a bearable game but doesn't hold up to the original amnesia game.a shame because the level design+music+atmosphere were pretty decent in my opinion.but you shoule either get it for a low price or just watch a youtube playthrough of it.
,Recommended,239200,12336251,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ganja_Mufasa,"This game is all about the atmosphere and the story.If your looking for games with added values this Amnesia follow up is the thing.Atmospherically heavy, creepy and exciting, you find yourself in some abandoned area looking for stuff, some maniac is after you and you have to put the pieces together while staying alive.unlike amnesia the light thing is not part of this game, where you have to turn on lioght. the creepiness is the same and even better. the art work is beautifull. i reeally recomend this for people who like horror and suspense games and movies."
76561198037878832,Not Recommended,239200,12322910,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,thegreatdavid,"Pretty terrible. Frequent crashes for stupid reasons, very forced jump scares, almost completely devoid of the puzzles and atmosphere from the previous game."
76561198048295196,Recommended,239200,12182254,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Coral [BDay in 6 Days],"I can understand why a lot of people hate this game, since it's story isn't as interesting as Dark Descent, but I honestly don't care. If the game is fun, I'll love it and this is on that list. I was so excited for this game's release last year and it was worth every stinking penny. If anyone disagrees with me, it's your opinion and not my problem. I recommend this game"
76561198100486230,Recommended,239200,12330851,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jan.ca,"~Got smacked by an evil pig~Found Naked guy~Got chased by the 3 pigs~They were mad that the wolf destroyed they're house~Died1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000/5"
,Recommended,239200,12240131,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,stabwolf,"while it's nowhere near as engrossing as its predecessor, this is still a fairly solid gaming experience and is definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of survival horror games in general.  as previous reviews have accurately pointed out, this is much more of a 'literary' game, as a huge portion of the story is revealed only through the scattered diary entries that the player can find throughout the game.  the story is much darker and far more depressing than anything in the previous game, although it is also much more tedious and long-winded due to the format in which it is revealed, so its ultimate impact is somewhat diminishesd by the time you reach the end.  the whole thing does occasionally seem to function more as an interactive novel than as a straight forward video game, but there are definitely a few moments that made me squirm in my seat, although none of them compare to the genuine frights that you can find in THE DARK DESCENT, not to mention that none of puzzles are ever even remotely difficult to figure out.  still, it's readily apparent that a ton of work went into creating the pitch black atmosphere and the dread-inducing sound design, which are unquestionably the best things about the game, as playing it with headphones on is an incredibly unnerving experience.the $20 price tag is a bit steep unfortunately."
,Recommended,239200,7320771,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Manny.,"Великопный сюжет,атмосферность игры утянет вас в пучину жестокости промышленного мира.Свиньи это не самое страшное,что вам престоит встретить.Всем советую.Эта шедевр одним словом!"
76561198066857384,Recommended,239200,6462083,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Oatmeal,is good game
76561197992329702,Recommended,239200,12383015,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Doctor Who Says Ni,Play through a disturbing story. I thought this was better than Dark Descent. Tinderboxes are removed and the lantern has unlimited power. Monsters are not as easy to hide from.
,Recommended,239200,12444125,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,"Not very frightening, but very enjoyable as a macabre fun-house tour!"
,Recommended,239200,11764163,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Forevergamer,Not scary as it is warped. Great game to play if your in the mood for a story or a game in the dark.
,Not Recommended,239200,11749672,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jakman,Catwalk Simulator
,Recommended,239200,11691281,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Uncle Nolan,"BEFORE JUSTING LOOKING AT THE FACT I RECCOMEND IT, READ WHOLE THING.Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs, (AMFP), is good, if it didnt have the Amnesia title. Its like taking a movie, that is low budget, low quality, has its good moments, but overall isnt the greatest, and slapping Steven Spielberg's name on it. You took something that was alright, and put it into a stantard that cant be beat. Amnesia: The Dark Descent was rated one of the greatest horror games ever, and I completely agree with that. This one, however, when held up to the Amnesia stantard, isnt nearly as good. I liked it and it was scary at parts, but it lacked all the best parts of Amnesia. It took out the hunt for things like tinder boxes, and oil, and santity potions, and replaced them with never-running-out lamps and flashlights. Which I get... Its in the time of electricity, so thats somewhat understandable, but to literaly remove the inventory and physical/mental health entirely?! Its crazy. I did like however adding lots of cool features. It added plenty of ""secret passage way"" architecture, which included secret doors, levers behind painting, ect. I also like how it had plenty of different enviroments. Whether it be a castle like the original, or the streets of London. This game had mutliple level maps. There were a lot of stuff that was overlooked, when people (including myself) complained about the lacking user ability, or the more linear story. If you absolutely love horror games, and know and have played all the best of the genre, then go ahead and buy it. My only request of you, wait for a sale. I would price this game at about 12-15 bucks. Its not worth the full 20. Overall, it was an alright experience, that is a severe dissapoint relative to The Dark Descent."
,Not Recommended,239200,9238122,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Crazyonehull,"Do not buy this game it is nothing compared to amneisa: the dark descent, this game is only worthy of being DLC and should not even be on the store. for example i finished the game in 3 hours and there is no oil for your lantern it is endless there is no sanity and there is also no inventory or diary or anything this is a huge disapointment and i would give it 2/10"
76561198028253373,Recommended,239200,11744359,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mr. Re,"Great game. Not fantastic like the previous one, but still a solid game. If you are looking for more scares, I'd go with the first one. This one has better visuals, but the plot is a little more cryptic and the scares are a lot more scarce."
,Not Recommended,239200,13871073,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,💷💷💷💷💷,"I don't hate A Machine for Pigs. In fact, I rather enjoyed it. However, I can't say that I reccommend it.Though I did like the game, AAMP disappointed me. I was disappointed not by the scares (most of which were heart-poundingly good), nor the story (which was pretty good psychological horror), nor the gameplay (which was smooth and immersive). What disappointed me was how the game has too much ""momentum.""Allow me to explain: This Amnesia has, as with most good horror, a slow introduction with lots of backstory that sets the tone and psychs the player up. Afterward, the game sets a pace for puzzles and chases, with scares here and there, all very good. However, toward the end, the pace begins to curve up asymptotically, accelerating to the end so fast that everything becomes a blur. Plot and story are thrown at the player so rapidly that it begins to lose its impact. All this culminates in an unsatisfying ending that feels rushed, not necessarily by the game's development, but by the pacing of the story.AAMP is a good game, but is FAR too short for $20. My 3.6 hours was a pretty slow run with me having gotten stuck for at least a half-hour of that (I'm an idiot who cant tell switches from scenery, or doors from dead ends), and a further 10-20 minutes of piddling about to collect the story (papers, phonographs, etc., all worth while) In other words, 3 hours of gameplay for someone like me who took his time. In comparison to the original (which expected players to take their time), AAMP is pretty weak.I would reccommend A Machine for Pigs only to those whohaveto see it for themselves. To anyone looking for a worthwhile horror game, or a worthy sequel to the first Amnesia, I would reccommend you avoid this game, lest you be dissappointed."
76561197966156411,Not Recommended,239200,13828961,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,|Fever| Doc Holiday,"As a horror game I would recommend this... but as a sequel to Amnesia The Dark Decent I wouldn't recommend it especially to the Amnesia TDD fans. Before I begin I wan't to state; This is a good game! I am not in anyway trying to say this is a bad game. But as a sequel to one of the most highly regarded horror games of all time, it falls short of what we expected. I know this game was created by A Chinese Room and not Frictional Games. And with that in mind I don't think they did a terrible job at making an Amnesia game. Imagine someone approaching you and saying ""Hey I want you to make Citizen Kane 2 and it has to live up to the original one, can you do that?"" So obviously this Amnesia was going to be different. The question here is; Are the changes for better or worse?Worse.... I don't understand the changes at all. They completely counter act the aspects that made Amnesia The Dark Decent so amazing. These changes are; no more sanity, no more inventory, less interaction with objects, more linear areas, infinite source of light and no more health. Sanity Effects are not exactly a brand name product of Amnesia, as a matter in fact it wasn't the first game to have such a mechanic. Eternal Darkness Sanity's Requiem was the inventor of that idea. But Amnesia had done this mechanic in a unique way and it made the overall experience of the game much better because of it. With that mechanic gone the horror we witness will only provide a visual experience. Sanity effects would affect the main character and the player. When our main character was in trouble or facing such terror we could hear the walls of his sanity crackling as his reality became more twisted the more his mind would slip into madness and when he could bare no more fear he would fall to the ground. This made you worry about your surroundings so much more.Now on the biggest and in my opinion, the worst change to the game... no inventory. Not having an inventory completely changes how we play the game. The only items you'll ever pick up are objective items that allow you to progress the game. With no tinder boxes, health viles, lantern oil or sanity potions you only focus on moving forward. This gives you no reason to explore and search areas unless you're looking for notes. The items provided us a reason to stop and look around. While searching we absorb the environment, giving us more immersion. We take in sights and really get a feel for the area we're in. Without those items we just rush past areas to get to the next place, by passing anything that is not our main objective. Those items also played a major role in our horror game experience, like the fear of our lantern running out of oil. It made us more cautious of the path layed before us.I'm guessing this is something that was weakened after the removal of inventory, the lack of items we could interact with. In Machine for Pigs there is rarely anything we can pick up or move around. Again this plays on the ""interacting with our environment"" issue, but also it takes out some of the fun from the experience. I remember in The Dark Decent I had reached a rather difficult patrolling enemy and in a fearful state of mind I proceeded to a near by room and made a massive wall of barrels I found in the area. I had planned out to run in that room behind the wall of barrels should he spot me. Silly? Yes but it was fun doing that. Just knowing I had the freedom to do things such as that. Or picking up a chair and placing in front of a door, wouldn't help but it was fun trying it.And finally we reach the gameplay itself. I can sum up this entire game within one moment. In Machine for Pigs you encounter the water-monster again. For those who do not know what I'm talking about... the water-monster is without a doubt the most nerve wrecking moment in The Dark Decent. In TDD the encounter was done perfectly. You enter a hallway filled with water, up until this moment you've never heard of a water-monster, you've never seen it before and it's not exactly mentioned in notes until afterwards. Once you walk far enough into the hallway he'll splash and then come charging at you. Only seeing just the splash you assume it's bound to water only, directly in front of you is a box standing above the water. There is no waypoint, a note or any tips... the game handles it without using the simple way. The box is directly in front of you, it's the only thing that you could imagine saving you and you have just enough time to get to it. From here on out you play a game I like to call ""hot lava"" where the floor is lava and you must jump across the furniture... I mean boxes... to avoid dying. Occasionally you'll have nothing to stand on and must hurry forward while the monster chases you with each splash sounding closer and closer. You pull the switch, run across the hallway and get through the door before the switch locks it again. Next is a hallway with no boxes or switches, just a long hallway with random walls of debris. As you move forward the water-monster now spawns behind you. This is a dramatic chase, you leap over the debris which gives you some time but he'll be right behind you the majority of this hallway. After that it's yet another water room, this time there are two water-monsters and the exit is a door with a gate in front of it. You must turn the wheel to raise the gate to escape, but the wheel is above water with no objects to stand on. You must throw dead body parts in the water which will distract the monsters, while they feast you turn the wheel and hope you make it in time.Okay.... so what happens with the water-monster in Machine for Pigs? Well before you are in any danger of them, you'll spot them from a catwalk with a guard rail. You can't even jump over the guard rail, you see the water-monsters from a safe distance and the game spoils that reveal by doing so. You won't even be in any danger of them till the next area. Here a catwalk will break in a scripted event and you'll fall into the water with the monsters. All you need to do is run about 25 feet to a ladder. That's it... just run to the ladder. What happens if you die? The game will spawn you on top of the ladder out of harms way! No you don't get a second chance to try again and no there isn't any other moment with the water-monster. Metaphor much? That's this game in a nutshell. You see it from a distance and get very excited but once you're there it's a short ride that you don't have any control over and before you know it, it's over. Even the scariest part of the game... the part where you're in the streets watching the pigs kill random people. It's like being on a haunted carnival ride, all these scary things happen around you and you're there just to witness it and continue down the rails to the next scripted scary part.That's not to say it's a bad game but... it just doesn't feel like Amnesia. Sure the graphics are much better, the game looks great, the music is incredible and the game puts you in many different environments. Instead of just castle walls you actually go outside on to the streets and in places The Dark Decent couldn't do. But like I said... even though these environments are amazing there's no point in it if we can't interact with it. It's just a nice picture to look at and move down to the next one. But oddly enough, even though this isn't a very good Amnesia game... it's still a good horror game. Good horror games are rare, Amnesia The Dark Decent was one of the best horror games of all time. Even at it's worst Amnesia would still be leagues better than Resident Evil 6 and Silent Hill Homecoming. I'm sure A Chinese Room are amazing horror developers and I'm sure they will make some great games in the future... but honestly I would still recommend Amnesia The Dark Decent over this one any day."
,Recommended,239200,15966211,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,VenomCLC,"Was surprised that it actualy ran better than the previous amnesia on my hardware. Also the sound effects are very good and scary. The gameplay is not as scary as the previous Amnesia, or any of the Penumbra's but then again, this wasn't developed by the same guys that developed the other games (at the end credits it states it was DEVELOPED by The Chinese Room and published by Fricitional games...bad move. Overall a good game with scary moments"
,Recommended,239200,15634185,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,He's called the Stig!,"While not nearly as scary as the first game (Amnesia: The Dark Descent) this game still gives you the chills and manages to scare you quit a bit.Just as the first game, this game has good graphics, mechanics and gameplay with quite a bit of good scares and even some jump-scares. Making this game, just as the first one, totally worth to buy!"
,Recommended,239200,9213991,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,babydregin,"far inferior to the dark descent, but decent overall."
76561198004820269,Recommended,239200,15804182,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Beans,"Overall 5/5I’m aware that this games predecessor is hailed as the better of the two…but I disagree. I absolutely loved this game. It had me far more engrossed than Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I found the horror elements far better utilized in this game. The first Amnesia did not have any moments that so much as even startled me a little, this game, at least managed to accomplish that. There were several exceptionally crafted situations that ‘cause anxiety, which I loved. More importantly, I felt this game had much more of a defined story, that you slowly uncover, guessing at points here and there before you find out the truth. The environments were more varied, and the actual field of roaming felt considerably larger than the first Amnesia, which added to the tension of it, since it wasn’t just a spooky old castle that wasn’t safe.  This game takes the core concept of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and completely expands upon it, feeling like a more complete, and higher tension horror experience, with a mystery at its core.This game makes Amnesia: The Dark Descent feel more like a beta."
76561198006858837,Not Recommended,239200,15853331,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,sgtmayoi,"The reason for 'No' is the fact that is nothing at all like the Dark Decent, insanity meter gone, the pigs are not scary at all, there is no jeopardy or feelings of insecurity. It felt predictable and stale. A lot like most horror game releases as of late :x I'm looking at you Outlast."
,Not Recommended,239200,15919664,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Pchan,"In the first game, each level kept you on your toes looking out for enemies that would drive you insane and eventually kill you while being blinded by insanity.In this game I barely felt threatened during most of the game. In most cases the enemy will only incapacitate you and drops you off at a safespot where you will respawn. Only near the end there was a lethal enemy but still the quick respawning made it feel more like an obstacle than a real threat."
76561198091710798,Not Recommended,239200,15922253,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,ComeTheConqueror,"So........you can walk in this game while like, a narrator tells you a story.. oh btw, the scariest thing about this game is the pigs with terrible AI.....Frightening! :)"
76561198063632970,Not Recommended,239200,15924372,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The_Dog_Of_War,"Not that great. The 1st Amnesia was better and more stable, even maxed out, graphically. I was bummed off with this to be honest."
76561198032661089,Recommended,239200,15884972,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DFC Nappi,"Much more story-driven than The Dark Descent. Beautifully crafted with a few good scares, but overall a little more toned down than its predecessor in the horror department. The one thing from the previous game I found myself missing was limited resources to light up areas. Also the lack of challenging puzzles made the game a bit too straight-forward; when there's nothing to collect why would a player explore?  Still, the story alone is a great experience and the ambient soundtrack and creepy environments make the game quite a ride from beginning to end."
,Not Recommended,239200,7499056,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Kim Kong-IL,POOP
76561198045999285,Recommended,239200,8856493,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,TheChipmunk,Loved it. Loved it. Loved it. Loved it. Loved it. Loved it. Loved it.Reasons to come later.Who am I kiding I aint gunna give ya reasons. I like the philosophy it was throughing arround and it did not make me spend so much time solving puzzles in the dark that I actually finished it over the course of one night..ending as the sun began to rise...I think I might have been caught up in the moment...Whatever!
76561198019838089,Recommended,239200,7400775,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Ducky,Sikakone
,Recommended,239200,15721534,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Schooly McShooty,"This game is actually pretty good, even though it isn't as scary as The Dark Descent, it is pretty decent in terms of gameplay, story and puzzles. It's dark atmosphere is very present and I must admit, I was completely scared when the first pigman started screaming and running towards me.7,5/10 - Good game, few flaws, but lacks a little on terror."
,Recommended,239200,4676659,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,firgustus789,"Excellent story, in fact this game's plot is on par with its predecessor. It's got all the creepy, twisted and downright terrifying elements that make Amnesia so special. Check this one out."
,Not Recommended,239200,15903533,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Salty Lemon,"2 hour gameplay, end of story"
76561198113577953,Not Recommended,239200,15661952,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CapitalistCow,"This game is a horror game in every sense. But it is simply not as good as the original game. Wehen i launched this game for the first time i saw the Chinese Room logo, and thought, oh a new developer, this should be interesting, but it far from it. yes, the game is scary at times, but its only one tpye of scary; the run and hide kind. Normally i would call jumpscares a cheap scare tactic, but this game could use a few. This game only knows how to be the suspenseful-scary type, which is by far the worst kind, but that is all it has. This game has an even more broken, and even less noticeable storyline than the original, and lacks gameplay elements that made the game worthwile. For example: Tinderboxes, Sanity, stamina, ETC. This game lacks everything that made the original fun, and overall its another cheap cashgrap sequal. I would not reccomend playing this game, especially if you have already played the first one, this will just leave a bad taste in your mouth. If you have not played Amnesia:The Dark Descent, than i reccomend you go buy that instead, this game is nowher near worth the 20$ you need to shill out to buy it."
,Recommended,239200,14061953,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,wetcoldsore,"It begins like normal lips. Nothing to see here. Then, out of nowhere forms a pus filled sack. It grotesquely grows with each lap of your tongue. The only thing left for you to do is to either pop it or let it fester. This game was a festering pile of grotesque which is a good thing. Until the end..."
,Not Recommended,239200,7848616,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Litheen,"Sadly, it does not compare to The Dark Descent. It's not a -bad- game though... but it's not nearly as good as I had hoped for.The lack of closets to hide in or sanity meter are a shame (really.. I loved hiding in the closets! And no sanity meter means you can just oogle the monsters as you please.. as long as you're out of reach).The pig-references in the narratives are a nice touch at first, but before long it's layered on so thickly it just becomes annoying and predictable. Where as in The Dark Descent I would often have to stop playing after half an hour to calm my nerves, AMFP never even managed to make me more than slightly nervous.Overall I wouldn't recommend it unless one can buy it dirt-cheap."
76561198062481621,Not Recommended,239200,7848747,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Juvat,"Do not buy if you are expecting the same gameplay from Amnesia: The Dark Descent. This game is more in line with The Chinese Room's ""Dear Esther"" in that it is mainly focused around the story and there is limited gameplay."
,Not Recommended,239200,7848771,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Greg,"Even on sale, this game is not worth it. Lots of lost gameplay mechanics from the first game.Dear Esther with jump scares."
,Not Recommended,239200,7849065,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Deathyz,"As someone who played the whole Penumbra series and Amesia: TDD, this one was a huge let down.Maybe my expectations were too high, but i LOVED Penumbra and A:TDD, but this one is just... too easy and the whole horror factor is gone with the sanity removal and whatnot.So yeah, if you want something like the old games, this is likely not a game for you (but thats just my opinion)."
76561198024920171,Not Recommended,239200,7849842,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Brakkish,"Weak follow-up to the far-superior Amnesia: The Dark Descent. On the plus side, the story-telling, music and sound are well done, but everything else I found pretty mediocre. There are a few simple puzzles and chases, but otherwise it's not very engaging in terms of gameplay. While the story itself was as horrific as expected, I didn't experience much in the way of tension or scares while playing, and thought it got a bit silly near the end."
76561197970265293,Not Recommended,239200,7850125,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TP Crisis,"Terrible...Not scary, no sanity meter, monsters are gone, and no crushing darkness like in The Dark Descent. YAAAAWWWN"
76561198065489057,Recommended,239200,7850740,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,KitsuneofLight,"I wasn't expecting much as I went into AAMFP for the first time. People considered it lackluster, telling the world in so many bad reviews just how poor it was in retrospect to the first iteration in the series. But needless to say, I loved the first Amnesia, and have a sort of love affair for the games from The Chinese Room, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I finished it just the other day. The verdict? Surprisingly, it was a very good game, much better than the reviews said it would be. I think the majority of the bad reviews came from nine-year-old Pewdiepie fanboys looking for the Jumpscare-on-Jumpscare funfest found in other horror games like Outlast. And if you really enjoyed playing Outlast and prefer games just like it to other types of horror games, I know for a fact that you will likely hate this game. Outlast plays on tangible fears (which at times even appear cliche,) whereas Amnesia focuses strictly on the psychological, non-kinesthetic side of things. It also has a far different vibe from the original game. As it takes place in the late 1890's, electricity is present in the game. As a result, the beloved oil-collecting and tinderbox-hunting mechanics of The Dark Descent are gone. The inventory system, as well, did not make a return in this sequel. As a result, the game has its flaws. The ""puzzles"" in the game really aren't puzzles at all: the majority of them involving as mundane tasks as collecting things and putting them in places. They were quite tedious at times, and I found myself wishing the developers had condensed the game's length a little more. And well, to say the least, the monsters in this game were not quite as terrifying as the original. Although they managed to fix that horrible bug in the HPL2 engine that prevented the monsters from respawning after you died, the monsters themselves were not quite as threatening as those in the first. It takes multiple hits to die from them, and the lack of chase music does not help the fear factor either. The final ""problem"" (if one could call it that) with this game is its lack of interactivity. The maps of Mandus' factory are not as complex as the original Brennenburg Castle's, and there are fewer paths that you can take. However, this is the style of development The Chinese Room prefers, and I will not critique them on it.  Despite these flaws, however, numerous points of the game kept me interested in it. For starters, the soundtrack to the game was absolutely stellar. Jessica Curry is one of my favorite composers of all time, and it can be said, perhaps, that this game has an atmosphere far richer than the original. And the storyline? Completely phenomonal. I prefered the industrialist setting in this story far more than the alchemy-tinged, castle-like setting of the first (The Dark Descent's, story was also not that bad, though.) There is something one can find alluring in this Jack The Ripper meets evil Willy Wonka theme, and the Victorian feel (which I am once again a huge sucker for) really added to the game's appeal for me. I think one of the reasons people did not appreciate the story as much is because it probably went over the heads of a lot of people. It is not told in the format of a traditional narrative, and uses many metaphors in the world it portrays. If you really think that the ""pigs"" in this story represent nothing more than the bovine animals themselves, then you probably are not getting all that you can out of the game. It involves thinking on the part of the player, in terms of interpretation of the narrative, which is pretty rare in the world of modern games, and also a risk I really appreciate the developers taking.  Overall, if you are looking for a slightly unorthodox horror experience away from the asylum-filled cliche complex found in most games, this is the game for you. But be warned; it takes more of a guise as an slightly interactive literary work as opposed to an actual video game. But don't let that stop you from discovering the world of AAMFP. It is a story that you really will not want to miss."
76561198063574230,Recommended,239200,7850805,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,MyNameIsOmalley,Only played for like an hour and im already on the edge of my seat hoping that i dont have to run away from something...great game so far.
76561197981291189,Not Recommended,239200,7851275,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Paulie (CZA) Co hrát?,"This isnt the Amnesia as we know (The Dark Descend). There is no inventory, no puzzles to solve (mix poisons etc), no laudanum (just autoheal)...the game is linear coridor with ugly monsters, the story is..wait there is no story!!! u can see around 5 monsters for 5 mins together..and theres one ""bossfight"" ....if i can call it this way...the game is BORING and NOT FUNNY and what is the worst - ITS NOT SCARY !!!DONT buy it, its NOT amnesia"
,Recommended,239200,1722268,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Alan,"1/10, it doens't have any kind of combat."
,Recommended,239200,7869742,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Jared Mitchell,"While not as good as its predecessor, Machine for Pigs is still leagues above most current horror titles. Though the mechanics are simpler here (there's unlimited oil for your lantern and no matches, which pushed the player forward in The Dark Descent), much more detail has been put into the level design itself. The layout of the rooms will change while the player isn't looking, and objects previously seen will go missing. The horror is there, it's just in a different place."
76561198100476134,Recommended,239200,7870022,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lubba,"Despite the fact that it's not what i expected this game to be...It was an amazing new expirience!Very different from the actual game.It had great atmosphere and all the things that made it awesome!Story was touching and makes you wonder what really happened!it's an 8 cause you didn't had an invetory  and stuff like that,you couldn't interact with many stuff,just a few,and sometimes the game crashed for me and i was losing some progress :/But that doesn't really bother me,it was an amazing game,i don't really care what every one else things.But this game is hightly reccomended from me ^^8/10"
76561197982957132,Recommended,239200,7870312,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sugoi Sauce~,"Staggeringly verbose, complex, and beautifully written. It's not The Dark Descent, but it is a fantastic horror story filled with pig men and hobos pooping out their kidneys. Despite being gameplay-lite and not particularly long, there are some great scares here and the ending is jaw-dropping. A treat for your inner literature snob"
76561197970536499,Not Recommended,239200,7870453,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,JT,"Messy, rambling, poorly lit (not in a good way like the original). Only at the end do you get a glimpse of what the game could have looked like had there been time spent on proper lighting. The books/notes you find are mostly just gibberish.The machine is pretty cool though. Too bad you can't see it due to the fog and darkness.2/5 - Not Recommended."
,Not Recommended,239200,7871217,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Let's build a wall,"Not at all as good as ""Amnesia: The Dark Decent"". Really a different game. Didn't like the new title."
,Not Recommended,239200,7871436,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Drizz,"I will just say this. Amnesia the dark descent was much better than this game. This game is actually not scary, there is no custom maps to it either. The developers said ""The mapmaking tool for Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is too complicated for us to release to the public this is why there will be no custom maps for the second Amnesia game"" So, you can just think about that when you buy it. You play through it in 3 Hours. (atleast thats what i spent and i read all the notes etc, did the exploring and all / No rushing) So its quite short. If the price goes down to about 6.00-9.50€ It might be worth it. but 15.99€ is way too overpriced for this game. Go buy Amnesia: The dark descent instead its much better and the custom stories keep it much scarier and longer as well :)"
,Recommended,239200,1492572,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"pros: background and atmosphere has been ramped up on this sequel, starts off with a spooky tone that transitions into a horror tone, thought provoking topics, engineering puzzles but they seem too easy, and good soundtrackcons: majority of the gameplay compose of nothing but hold down ""W"" and watch scripted events (like Dear Ester), it takes a while for the game to hit a significant turn. It takes around 4 hours to finally face a scary and imposing adversary. Then the game ends before 5 hours. My biggest gripe is the dumbing down of game mechanics, everything from inventory to the sanity system have all been removed. Ive spotted derpy enemy AI, some horrendously lazy texture work, and experienced frame rate drops.Overall, if you thought The Dark Descent was too terrying and stressful, then try this game. If you didn't think The Dark Descent was terrifying and challenging enough, you might find this game a hit or miss. As the game stands, Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs has my recommendation for what is has to offer. Not the sequel I expected, but its still worth a look."
,Not Recommended,239200,7853506,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Lighty,"Wow, on release, i had no clue what to excpect here, and normally, i know a bit...the chineese tea house...more like the sweat house..well, to put it short, it took me rough 4 hours to even START the game without crashing, and after that, another 2 hours of fiddling to even be able to play, and MOVE...after that, i didnt even had the mood to fully complete the game, alot of the enviorment is not stable, and solid, is this the HPX2 engine from the dark descend? no, its the HPX3 engine tottally ruined, the store is still unclear to me after a few hours of gameplay, and please, don't waste your money on this one, grahpuics arent bad for the engine, or the music, but the technical difficulties, story and ruined gameplay really make this one the black sheep of the HPX engne fammilly..~Lighty~Developing Student and Beta Tester"
,Not Recommended,239200,7854752,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Seanug,"Compared to the first game this was horrible. The Story was fairly dull and the monsters were not scary. The game dragged on for far too long, it's not worth buying. There were some scenes where I was scared but they passed by quickly."
,Not Recommended,239200,7856996,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Brabble,Don't bother.
,Recommended,239200,10980239,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Intrinsion,"Great game. There is less focus on the survival and puzzle aspects than the first game, but this is made up for with atmosphere and story."
,Recommended,239200,11080902,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ya Boi Dick Splasha,spooky/10
76561198033125948,Recommended,239200,10935835,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Turnertown,shiiiittt....
,Not Recommended,239200,11251357,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Donald Trump Senpai,"Yeah, sure, the story's cool, but here's why I think I was ripped off. 1. You can't pick anything up like you could in dark descent, 2. no inventory at all, 3. the lantern is a flashlight and has infinite oil, 4. NOTHING IS OPEN IN THE BEGINNING OF THE GAME. Do not buy this game if you are looking for an amnesia game. seriously. One of the tags is walking simulator. just dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,239200,11253955,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Shingles McGee,"What a huge disappointment. With the first game easily being a 8, maybe even 9/10, this barely manages to get a 5 in my opinion.The story is virtually the same as the last game, except it has no life or excitement, because the environments are so much more linear, and less thought out. The gameplay isn't too bad.... Oh wait, except for the part that half of the freaking game is missing! No inventory. No decent or challenging puzzles. The stuff you can interact with is so basic and unnoticable. And you're just walking down a corridor for 80% of the game. I think the worst offense in the game though, is the fact that there is no real threat. In the original, every monster in the game could kill you, and it made you afraid. In this, you get pigs. Not scary ones either, and they don't even kill you, you just wake up somewhere else when you ""die"".Overall, the game just feels empty, as if it was rushed; not to mention it is incredibly short. It gets a 5/10, and that is being generous.Do not pick up this game, unless you were a huge fan of the old one, and are willing to accept its flaws."
,Not Recommended,239200,11236393,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dysinious,"I have to start out by saying I loved the Dark Descent. It is one of my favorite videogames I've played in a while. I played this game right after thinking it was going to be scary as hell with some new twists and another creepy atmosphere. Well, I was right and wrong. I started off the game sneaking everywhere and legitemately terrified... then I saw my second monster. I could walk right by it and if it noticed me I could easily run from it unlike Dark Descent. The game did get better in this area once I got deeper into it, but it was way too slow going. The twists I saw coming from a mile a way (most anyway) and the story was redundant at times (pig reference after pig reference). However it did create another creepy atmosphere and was worthwhile. I was unhappy it did not reward exploring as much as the previous game.I do not recommend this game if you already played Dark Descent, but I would recommend this game if you play it before Dark Descent. This game has a great atmosphere and is fun, but is way too simple if you've already played its predecessor."
,Not Recommended,239200,11185374,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"No.It's all already seen, already done, and done way better.It scares you on the beginning, as long as you don't comprehend that you're playing Dear Eshter and not Amnesia.Pass on this one without regret."
76561198028649461,Recommended,239200,11187181,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,theMisfits,"Where Amnesia The Dark Descent excelled at scares and intense gameplay, Amnesia A Machine For Pigs is wonderful with story and atmosphere. This is coming from somebody who was a huge fan of The Dark Descent. Amnesia A Machine for Pigs seems to be far more of an exciting sequel to Dear Esther fans than it is to Dark Descent. This game is far simpler than Dark Descent. They have taken away limited light sources, sanity, and almost everyhing so that you can focus on getting through the game. This game does a fantastic job of building up the tension with an atmosphere, sound, and story, which I believe, is far better than it was in Dark Descent but does not really do much to scare you at the end of all the tension. This isn't a game I would replay for the scares as I have done plenty of times with Dark Descent but everyone should definitely check this game out. The only thing I have to say is do not go into it expecting the same or more in terms of scares compared to Dark Descent. This is a much more story driven game that I believe is worth checking out."
76561198048589900,Not Recommended,239200,11189710,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jeanne,The challenge that the first Amnesia game brought was just not there.
,Not Recommended,239200,11189800,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,EMPShock,Straszne♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045471940,Recommended,239200,11190213,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Hoobliga,"This game is the pure definition of horror.A lot of people give this game hate, and I can understand why people might dislike this one as opposed to The Dark Decent. A Machine For Pigs takes away quite a few of the main gameplay factors from the first, such as the sanity meter, your inventory, and lantern oil (your lantern never dies out). A Machine For Pigs also is not as 'frightening' as The Dark Decent, there are FAR less ""fall out of your seat"" scares in this one, but A Machine For Pigs greatly makes up for all of this.The horror in this game comes from the atmosphere and the story. It's no doubt one of the most atmospheric games I have ever played, and sometimes atmosphere subtlety delivers that dread and pit in your stomach that nothing else can. I have to say that the scenery is almost perfect, the lighting, the shading, the textures, hell all of it. Except for the water, but thats not a bother unless you're an uptight nitpicking jackass.And as for the story, it left me speechless almost the entire way. It builds up fantastically. There were moments where I had to pause the game and process what I had just seen or discovered, and when the climax comes around it will leave you shouting ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening"" for 20 minutes straight, but not the confused ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening"" the in complete shock kind.To wrap it all up, if you appreciate the more subtle and atmospheric scares, this is 100% worth playing. However, if you're hoping for the same gut-wrenching chases and scares like the last game, maybe pass. This one is all about suspense, atmosphere, and being as disturbing as possible. It's very difficult to compare the two Amnesia games because of the approach to scare the player, so I can't say which is better. But in my opinion, I give A Machine For Pigs an 8/10."
76561198071189687,Not Recommended,239200,11150753,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Grandpa Phil,"What made the Dark Descent such a wonderful game was the exploration. You would get immersed in the world having to search high and low for oil, tinderboxes, and keys. Machine for Pigs completely removed the exploration from Amnesia. You just keep going forward while letting the story unfold around you. You don't feel like you are in this world; you just feel like a bystander watching everything happen around you. You don't explore at all, you just go on the linear path the game has set up for you to follow exactly. Go watch a scary movie, because this game has just as much gameplay as a watching a movie."
76561198055057709,Recommended,239200,9829159,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Aspencrown,"I think Machine for Pigs gets a bit of a bad rep from those who fell in love with the first Amnesia game, though I understand their reasoning. Machine is an entirely different beast in comparison to Amnesia: The Dark Descent since it was headed by two different teams. Machine is more story-driven and Dark Descent is geared more towards game mechanics – but both are designed to scare. It's...just in different ways.Machine was made to horrify you more from an ethical standpoint, while Dark Descent was more visceral. While I think Machine was a beautiful, if not masterful, game, it was not the same thing as Dark Descent and affixing their story with ""Amnesia"" was its biggest failure. If it were a stand-alone game without the mild tie-in with the Brennenburg Formula, I think this game would have been better received by the gaming community as a whole.Overall, I really do recommend this game a lot. It's not terribly long, but if you're looking for a good spinetingler and something that's more than jump scares (though there's plenty of those in here, too), then you should give this title a shot. Just... hold your thumb over the word ""Amnesia"" and you'll be fine.+ Pros +• Amazing story• Tons of psychological and ethical horror• Interesting character• Beautiful and scary atmosphere• Great creature design• Great sound- Cons -• Being tied to the Amnesia franchise hinders an otherwise great game• Compared to ""The Dark Descent"", Machine is low on the visceral scares after a while• Length of game (4-6 hours) may be a detractor for some.Overall: 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,239200,10970437,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Glycerin Ghost,"Now, let me start by saying I do recommend this game. Whew, now that's done, let me tell you that I was sorely disappointed with this coming from the world of Amnesia: A Dark Descent. Don't get me wrong, the storyline was great and had sinister and grity tone all the way through. A haunting ending with beautifully erie sounds to keep you on edge all the way through with your dim lantern. That all sounds wonderful and great for a game right? Wrong! I'll explain. Now, as of this review, I've yet to see a Custom Stories mode. Not to say you can't mod it for one, but still, it made the first Amnesia replayable, so you can try out all the other chilly chapters yet unplayed. Another thing, Amnesia: AMFP took away the sanity meter. Now, the first time you play Amnesia: Dark Descent, and you even look at a monster, the music and the image effects are what spook you. Not to mention the creatures running after you and you know you're toast. This game...not so much. It lost that fear factor for me in playing it. I wasn't so scared to die and run around the corner, because I didn't lose my sanity to the brink where I was seeing faux creatures trying to gnaw my face off. The terror of cowering inside a closet as an atrocious sound was ripping away at the door to your little room is lost and forgotten. Moments like this made Dark Descent scary for me and adrenaline pumping. I digress. Overall, if you're a fan of the series or creepy tales, buy this. But if you want a replacement for your Amnesia Custom Stories, don't do it."
76561198000686987,Not Recommended,239200,11109512,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,umbRaccoon,"AFter the awesomeness that was Amnesia came this game; A machine for pigs.I have to say, I'm dissapointed.To start with, the game is extremely predicable as far as the story is concerned. From the very intro and first few chapters you'll most likely guess where things are headed, leaving little surpirise in store as the story unfolds.While the game does have some gruesome scenery it just doesn't capture the same sense of horror as in the previous Amnesia game, which is something I guess most fans wanted. You're definitely going to get a few scares out of this one and I have to admit that there *are* a few well executed horror segments, but at the same time everything else has been dumbed down somehow. This leads to limited gameplay and therefore a lack of enjoyment.If you want a good horror game, look elsewhere."
76561198067685453,Recommended,239200,11893640,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Facey,"This is definitely not some kind of carbon copy sequel to The Dark Descent. It feels like more of a ''Dark descent inspired"" kind of thing. The puzzles are simplified a lot compared to TDD, and I feel like the focus was put more on being scared to move to/from different areas to solve said puzzles. On that note, I did thoroughly enjoy the dread of having to keep going into the creepy hallway where you just saw that shadow.This game is INCREDIBLY atmospheric and I feel like that's really one of it's best points, there were only a few times when I was in any actual danger and yet I remained nervous through most of the game. (I recovered towards the end, when you do start getting used to what the game throws at you, and start to kind of Rambo it out)I think this game is mostly fun when it's scary to you, and you've got to be the right type of person to be susceptible to that scare. If you're really hard to impress on any kind of horror level you might get disappointed.If you're someone who has a thing for stories involving slaughterhouses this is a total hoot though."
76561198104174888,Recommended,239200,11916920,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mic,This game is really good if you like story and some slight frights!! I love it
,Not Recommended,239200,11878062,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Steven Lazzaro,"Game crashes at literally every single loading screen. At first, adjusting the graphics quality and such to be as low as possible fixes this, but eventually that stops working, and your stuck in a room with a pigman forever. Other than that, it seemed like a really cool game, so that just pisses me off even more."
,Recommended,239200,3546439,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,suspicious shibe,"Beautiful game with deep messages and a thrilling climax and conclusion. Not quite the same as Dark Descent, but this will surely not leave you empty handed. 8/10"
,Recommended,239200,8733624,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Sgt Carl Winslow,"This game is a let down. If your a amnesia fan and have played the first game this game will have nothing to do with it accept that some guy lost his memory. I love the story and all it holds, but for me its just not a game or should I say a amnesia game. With very little scares and no real intesity this game bored me for the most part of the game. Amnesia the dark desent made my skin crawl and have my gag reflexes wanna burst on how scary it was and how dark the story was. In this game its aboutsome pigs getting losess and scary twins fallowing you.Now I will say that I did have a sort of well time playing the game, but it shouldn't have been a amenesia game. Its a waste of a good game title and money. If there is going to be a 3rd amnesia I will totally buy it just like this one, but my expetations will be high and need to satifide. Now the stories dont all have to be the same acctully I like the kind of""Wake up and find your past""puzzle game with the all out sence ofHORRIFIC FEAR!!!!!!Plesase for god sakes who ever is going to make the 3rd game (by the gods let there be) dont mess it up like this, or if you are name it somthing els so I know not to buy it. If you do have a lot of free time and some pacients then you can spend your money and hit this game up with the some what scares it has. I recomend only playing this game for the stroy anyother way stay clear!"
,Recommended,239200,513231,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Derbacca,"Great game, wasn't as scary as the first. But the story was much more compelling. I figured I would spend days on this game contemplating if I wanted to go into the depths of horrors. But honestly it caught my curiousity and managed to make me power through it in almost one sitting. Biggest complaint is I wanted more, a little obvious here and there. But all in all it was a blast. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,239200,7323196,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Javy,"Around the same time that Machine for Pigs was released, the competitor horror title Outlast was also launched. I've made my feelings on Outlast clear because I was all too vitriolic about how absurd I found it to be.I don't want to praise Machine for Pigs too much. I think different people will have different reactions to it. There's an article that expresses my frustrations with horror videogames better than I ever could, and I'd encourage you to have a look at it if you're considering buying either game [Link:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2013/09/27/editorial-horror-and-a-maddening-lack-of-imagination/]All I want to say about Machine for Pigs is that midway through the game, I realised the true horror of the game wasn't a question of how the monsters came to be, but instead how much of a hand I, as the primary character had in creating them. The answer is perhaps more sickening than you think."
,Recommended,239200,7354892,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,uhhhhhhh Sal uhhhh vador,"Even though it's not as scary as the previous Amnesia, this game is such a masterpiece. It took a little while for me to love it as much as I do, but when it grew on me, it GREW. On me.The music, the characters, the story, the atmosphere, everything is just fantastic.10/10, amazing game."
76561198098769149,Not Recommended,239200,9049466,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,EvilCuppyCake1,"I got this on sale all pumped up before it came out. The hype from the original Amnesia made this game keep me on the edge in the beginning. After 20 minutes I was bored and didn't pay much attention to the scares. This was 16.00 wasted, it fails in comparison to the original and the game was constantly delayed making players more hyped up for it only to pay for this crap. Scumbag Frictional Games"
,Recommended,239200,9050970,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Angry Soviet,"Have you ever used a machine?  Imagine that, but with pigs."
,Not Recommended,239200,9893874,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,GIEHK,"To all those Amnesia fans out there, dont buy this game its a total flop. They took everything good from amnesia away like sanity, the oil for the lantern, the item collecting etc. At the beginning the game was chilly but at the end it got like an action game which really ruined the atmosphere. And now a message to Frictional Games: Never ever leave the development from Amnesia to The Chineseroom. It made a sh*t game out of it.End of Review: Amnesia: A Machine of Sh*t."
,Recommended,239200,9719884,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,HATED.,I've completed this. Great ending to a great game.
,Recommended,239200,10011295,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,caligula,pewdiepie played it so the game must be terrible!!11111
,Not Recommended,239200,10013408,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,McSprinklez,"Like the first one, but not scary, 90 minutes long, and boring. What a let down."
76561198008678110,Recommended,239200,2520134,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,PVT.Guggajew,"dark desent is better for custom stories  but the campaign is SO SCARYnot as good as dark decent by far, but fun thing to play on halloween8/10"
,Recommended,239200,2251959,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,MoguSap,"ДААААА, ПРОЙДЕНО!Ну что же, я думаю, стоит рассказать своё мнение об игре.Мне игра очень понравилась, сразу говорю, она не на столько страшная, как первая часть, она оооочень казуальная.СЮЖЕТНАЯ ЛИНИЯ:ООООЧЕНЬ ИНТЕРЕСНАЯ, со множествами НЕОЖИДАННЫХ ПОВОРОТОВ, философская игра.Хоть я и не очень хорошо владею INGLISHOM, я понял суть истории, она очень интересная, китайцы посторались на славу.Я не буду вдоватся в подробности.МЕХАНИКА ИГРЫ:Очень простая, по сравнению с первой частью, они убрали все плюшки, которые там были, (грёбаные китайцы :с) НИЧЕГО НЕЛЬЯ ПОДБИРАТЬ И БАЛОВАТЬСЯ С ЭТИМ (кроме стульев), нету никаких масел для вашего светильника, нету трутниц и всяких прибомбасов для решения головоломок, ИНВЕНТОРЯ ВООБЩЕ НЕТУ! В первой части , именно из-за того, что можно находить всякие штучки, было интересно иследовать местность, каждый уголок, тут же, ты просто идёшь прямо. НЕТ, ТЫ ТАК ЖЕ МОЖЕШЬ ИСЛЕДОВАТЬ МЕСТНОСТЬ (как я например) но ты будешь находить только записочки, маски свиней и ничего более. Записки я даже не читал (но благодоря этим записочкам, тебе будет проще разобраться в сюжетной линии игры, ежели до конца игры размышлять, а потом понять, что всё было совсем не так, как ты предпологал).Отличная игра. Если сравнивать её с Outlast, то в Outlast страшнее играть, чем в Амнезию, и Оутласт, как хоррор, бульше берёт, чем Амнезия, НО , ноо, раскрытия истории в Оутласт, куда говёнее и мерзотнее, чем в Амнезие.И наконец, советовать игру: Я бы не советовал эту игру тем, кто не играл в первую часть и тем, кто прошёл Outlast, для вас эта игра покажется жуткой ересью. Игра исключительно на любителя, на фаната жанра и фаната Амнезии.Если вы хотите настодится интересным сюжетом, вы можете сыграть в эту игру.На этом всё. Буду ждать ещё одной интересной истории.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs - 8.5/10"
,Recommended,239200,9925848,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Drewseph23,"The build-up through the majority of the game was well done, but a disappointment overall. I felt that it did not capture the fear and unknown that the original was able to do."
76561198009303583,Not Recommended,239200,9831204,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,No0ne,Don't bother
76561198083934555,Recommended,239200,10585466,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Redman,"A better story than the first, but less scary. Maybe play this one before the first one if you are intersted in starting playing Amnesia."
,Recommended,239200,10585722,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"A brief, but enjoyable game. More atmospheric than anything else, it's most-assuredly not scary.I'd recommend playing for the lore, the 2D art (textures, paintings, in-world drawings), and the music.I finished it in under three hours, so I wouldn't recommend spending more than $10.00 on it."
76561198069221856,Recommended,239200,12689842,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,FidelCashflow,Forgot my roommates were in the room...now they want me to move out because I scream like a girl
,Recommended,239200,12702120,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sammael,"This is an insanely savage and disturbing game, in spite of its humble beginnings. I enjoyed this game much more than the original, both for the engrossing story and the full controller support."
76561198067985999,Not Recommended,239200,12702720,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Man Inside,"Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs is a major Step back from its predecessor: Amnesia The Dark Decent.Sanity, Inventory, And Health are no longer present. In Amnesia:TDD, looking at a monster, hanging out in dark places or witnessing a disturbing event would lower your sanity. Completing objectives would raise your sanity. In the sequel that's no longer the case now. Health regenerates like in most first person shooters. Blood covers the screen, than slowly disappears as you recover. making the game unchallenging and easy to play.The level design is stunning, But offers little in exploration. The game feels very confined and linear. Hidden notes are typically set right along the main path, making them almost impossible to miss. The monsters are scary, But encounters with them are rare, and very easy to avoid. Monsters typiccly patrol an area in a set pattern that is easily manuvered. The game is simply too easy and does not present any sort of challenge.The Game also suffers from Performance issues on certain systems. I had my frame rate tank to horrendous values in some areas. Turning the settings as low as possible did not affect performance in anyway. The game is optimized very poorly.Overall, Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs Is a big disappointment compared to the original Amnesia. I would not recommend this game.Pros:Beautiful levelsCons:very LinearLack of Features from last gamePoor PerformanceTo easyboring puzzles"
76561198116208480,Recommended,239200,13787734,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DankSwiggitySwagNibelsnarf,"Although not as good as the original, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs certainly does not disappoint.Honestly, I'm not sure why this game has so many bad reviews.  People were complaining about pointless activities the game has you accomplish, however I did not see any of those here.  The monsters are plentiful, however the game provides a nice equivalent between hiding from monsters and enjoying the atmosphere.  Some said the game was short, however I think if the game was any longer, it would simply be a drag.  In fact, half way into the game I thought I stumbled upon the ending, only to soon learn it was just the middle.The story is. . . interesting.  Not a bad one, but non-sensical.  The world in Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is truly evil, possibly more-so than The Dark Descent.All in all, I would say pick this one up.  Though, for the $20 price tag, I would suggest waiting until a sale."
,Recommended,239200,12114926,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,McNoguff,"Pros: Excellent writing and pitch-perfect sound design combined with gorgeous creature design to make a creeping horror that sticks with you. Level design is twisty and well thought-out. The first half of the game is much scarier than the second, but the second has more emotional twists and turns, so it evens out.Cons: It lacks graphical polish, mostly due to budget constraints, and the sanity meter is sorely missed, even if it would've been harder to pull off here than in Dark Descent.Verdict: Highly recommended."
76561198037623843,Recommended,239200,14013035,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rustamfk,"Like this one quite a bit.  If you're into games with allot of atmosphere this is one of the few out there for you.  The story faild to grab me for the most part, but I did enjoy the experience for a while at least."
,Not Recommended,239200,14022000,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,skellie10,"Come for the story, but don't bother sticking around because there's nothing else here.Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is nothing short of a betrayal. It is a betrayal of the fans who expected a worthy successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but worse than that it is a betrayal of Frictional Games. Although Frictional is well known for its impeccable record of memorable, immersive, and genuinely frightening horror games, the Chinese Room has seen fit to blemish their catalogue with this forgettable, unabsorbing, toothless experience.The first step to frightening a player is immersing them. Former Frictional games, including The Dark Descent, accomplished this by allowing the player to manipulate most of the objects in their environment, from items on shelves to chairs and barrels. The Chinese Room inexplicably dialed back this interactivity, leaving most of the environment static. Worse still, the world of A Machine for Pigs is far more linear than that of The Dark Descent, and this is what makes it really impossible for it to be scary. There were many points in The Dark Descent where the player would be posed with a relatively open environment featuring multiple paths and routes. The paralyzing fear for which the game was known came from the uncertainty that these multiple paths created, since the player knew that death could lie at the end of any of them. In A Machine for Pigs, on the other hand, there is rarely more than one way to go. When there is only one way to go, the player knows that the path they are taking is safe, and the fear is gone. This is A Machine for Pigs's greatest failing, and it is helped in no way by the decidedly feeble and nonthreatening monsters.A Machine for Pigs's saving grace is supposed to be its story, and while it is thematically rich I personally found it to be stretched thin even by the game's meager length and unsatisfyingly predictable. While the exact details of the plot's revelations may not be obvious, any seasoned horror fan - and particularly any players of the first game - should be able to guess most of them on the first try. Spoilers ahead but,yes, your sons are dead. Yes, you killed them. Yes, you did some bad♥♥♥♥♥♥because of course you did. Yes, the machine turns people into meat becauseof course it does.Perhaps the only revelation that comes as a surprise is that of the machine's true purpose, which is industrial-scale human sacrifice with the ultimate goal of preventing the wars and atrocities of the 20th century... somehow. It's not explained very well, and it diverges from the personal horror of The Dark Descent in favor of a more philosophical horror.Thinking about it now, it also occurs to me that while the backstory of The Dark Descent was fairly uneventful to keep the focus on the story you were actually playing, A Machine for Pigs has a backstory full of pivotal events that sound more interesting than the events of the game itself.You know what A Machine for Pigs would have worked really well as? A movie. It's short, story-focused, and would benefit greatly from having its backstory actually be depicted, rather than described after the fact. If it were a film it probably would have been one of my favorites in the horror genre, and if it were any game other than an Amnesia title I could have appreciated it as a somewhat lacking but ultimately innocuous story. Unfortunately, A Machine for Pigs purports to be an Amnesia game, and as such it has to be compared to The Dark Descent. Up against that classic of PC horror, A Machine for Pigs stands no chance at all."
,Recommended,239200,9729115,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,fat pumpkin,"This game is really good. The gameplay, the story, the monsters... everything is incredible!"
76561198030419219,Recommended,239200,8340909,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Knightgame15,Amnesia a machine for pigs is a very immersing game however i can not say the horror is on the same level as Amnesia the dark descent mainly because the china room developed it and frictional just published it but still it will scare you enough to be worth your money go buy it but know that its short 5/5
76561198035015119,Recommended,239200,13936640,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,pilot,no eres para nada como el primer amnesia perono es un mal juego te puedes dejar llevar bastante aun asi no se lo puedo recomendar a todos
76561198061191592,Not Recommended,239200,13936717,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,alekzanderlr,As boring as I had heard. At least it was on sale when I bought it.
,Recommended,239200,13966320,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Glitch,"I don't know about anyone else, but this was damn scary for me.I can't wait for more."
,Recommended,239200,13924004,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Samwise The Brave,Nope.
,Recommended,239200,8241414,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,biz17,"Decent sequel, more focused on the narrative rather than gameplay.Not as good as the first, still a good pick up for 50%."
,Not Recommended,239200,8229795,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,scrogman,"not that scary, this game pales in comparison to the original. DO NOT BUY if you are looking for the same,♥♥♥♥♥♥your-pants scary of the first."
,Not Recommended,239200,8230147,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,WaZz,Aint what it used to be.......
,Not Recommended,239200,8230374,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lustikurre,"I think it's time for The Chineese Room to start making movies or books instead of ""games""."
76561198060254520,Not Recommended,239200,8230978,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Major Tom,"Biggest let down of 2013. Do not waste your money. Too short, not scary at all, terrible story, and looks awful. There is not a single redeeming quality to this game."
,Recommended,239200,8231201,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Trevor,"Most of the negative reviews for this game are from people with few play hours. Just like The Dark Decent, A Machine for Pigs isn't meant to be played just to beat. It is meant to get immersed in and really scare yourself. Don't play this game really fast but play it in the middle of the night with headphones on and immerse yourself in the experience. Yes it is fairly linear but so was the Dark Decent (sure it had a castle you could roam but there was nothing you could do and order still mattered). This game is awesome. And the removal of the inventory and fuel system is a good improvement for this game. While it was fun and challenging in the Dark Decent it also was the main reason the game was so frustrating.Long story short, don't buy this if you just want to rush through it and beat it. You aren't buying it for the right purpose. Buy it if you want to be scared and are going to slowly play through it to really enjoy its vast improvements over The Dark Decent."
,Not Recommended,239200,8232034,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,237,narp
76561198025931900,Not Recommended,239200,8133587,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Pizzagoat,It's called Amnesia because the devs forgot they were making a sequel to The Dark Descent.
,Not Recommended,239200,8233880,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gryphon,Not scary.
76561198016999243,Not Recommended,239200,8235084,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ccphil,Nope. Buy The Dark Descent. Ok? Ok.
,Recommended,239200,8235121,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gordon Freeman's Brautwurstbar,"I don't know why this game has a 72...t should at least be a 90! I really think the story is interesting and well worth the money! Odly enough, though, there is only one end...unlike the first Amnesia game."
76561198044622573,Not Recommended,239200,8235126,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Týr,"This game was horrible, I couldn't even finish it. It lacked jump scares, you have to carry everyting one at a time, all the puzzles were extremly easy, it's makes it ok to stay in the dark and/or stare at the monster (yes only one monster) with out losing sanity and you can't go off and explore. If I had a another chance I wouldn't waste my money on this game. the Dark Descent is 1,000 times better.  I'm glade I got Outlast along with this game because Outlast, an indie game, blew AMFP out of the water."
,Recommended,239200,2004462,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Subrosian,"First and foremost, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is not Amnesia: The Dark Descent.  If you go into A Machine for Pigs thinking it is going to be The Dark Descent, you are going to be disappointed.  It is more of a story-driven game as opposed to the atmospheric fear that the previous game brings to the table.The buildup to the monsters is still the same in my opinion, but when you finally do encounter your first pig it really does not seem to deliver on this new ""unpredictable"" artificial intelligence that Frictional Games spoke of regarding these creatures.  At one point I felt like a pig did catch me in the dark, but later on when encountering the Tesla they followed the same pattern and it was nothing short of predictable to outmaneuver them, albeit annoying because of their unique capabilities.One thing that people seem to be disappointed over is the lack of interactivity with your environment; there is no longer an inventory, so anything you need to use to complete a task is just being lugged along in front of you.  That is honestly something I did not care for, because it kind of obstructs your view and you are liable to throw it away if something startles you.  I do not really mind being unable to interact with the environment because I never really did it anyway in The Dark Descent.Overall, A Machine for Pigs is a good game in my opinion when not compared to The Dark Descent.  The story is pretty solid and I like the theme and message behind it.  Plus, the ending is really quite worth the wait even though it is not a long game at all."
,Not Recommended,239200,7975282,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fat Sweaty Manchild,"Stay away from this game no matter how cheap it goes on any steam sale. This game is not horror in the least and doesn't deserve the ""amnesia"" title. The only thing the game has going for it is its story, but even then the whole thing is pretty preditable and you can figure out everything 20 minutes in because they tried for something ""smart"" and completely botched it up.The gameplay  is nothing like the penumbra or Amnesia series. Its a FPS view with a latern and thats it. No inventory, no oil for your light, no complex puzzles nothing. Even the monsters in the game aren't scary they are quite humorous. Even then they don't chase you at all. All you need to do when enemies see you is walk in the opposite postion and thats it. Hell you don't even have to turn the latern off. Puzzles are far too simple and annoying. Since there is no inventory you need to carry whatever object you need to open the door or put into the ""put item x here to proceed"" gimmick. This game is more or less boring. Enemies are pathetic and not scary, the story is predictable and pretentious,  it feels like a complete downgrade in terms of both gameplay and inerativity (can't open a lot of stuff) Its just a bad bad bad bad game that somehow the chinese room conned Frictional into helping them make.TL:DR:Pros:Storyvoice acting? maybeCons:Not scaryBetter story than Amenesia but pretentious and predictablecan't ineract with 85% of the objects in the gameif a enemy sees you just walk in the opposite directionno inventorypuzzles are laughablemonsters are laughableIts feels like a complete and total downgrade like a alpha or beta to the Amnesia game.Seriously don't bother with this game. If you want a good scare buy Amnesia and if you have that try some of the player made content because seriously thoughs are leaps and bounds better than this pretentious dribble."
,Not Recommended,239200,7976281,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,I Trap Traps,"Eh... it's alright I guess. It really wasn't scary, but the atmosphere was alright.I would just say to stick to the first Amnesia, as that one supports custom stories and is more fun in my opinion."
,Recommended,239200,1777192,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Fun,"Creepy as hell. Amazing sounds, lights and the atmosphere."
76561198056425512,Not Recommended,239200,7979646,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,namelessaidan,"I was excited when I heard that they were making a ..sequel? a... similar game? to Amnesia: the Dark Descent.Amnesia: the Dark Descent was the first ""horror genre"" game I ever played and I really, really enjoyed it.This game... not so much. I just wasn't as scared in this game. There were a couple of nice jump scares and a couple of times where I was getting freaked out by the noisy ambience alone- but overall I just wasn't as involved or interested as I was in the original Amnesia, or even in Amnesia: Justine.The story line was, in my opinion, predictable and uninteresting. The monsters weren't very scary looking to me and suffered from a lack of diversity, build-up and pay-off. The puzzles weren't challenging, the areas seemed bland and unimpressive in many places, and the game was surprisingly short. I managed to get through the vast part of it in one sitting. The ending was a let down.Ultimately, I just can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,239200,254201,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,.sandrio,Walking Simulator with pig noises 2013
76561198069511927,Recommended,239200,7988001,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dr. Patrick Patryna,"Not a horrific as Dark Decent, but it has its moments. The stories good. PIGS EVERYWHERE!"
,Recommended,239200,193847,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Fix,"Hot and cold.On the one hand you have a great horror tale, told very well even though by the end of the game it is a little tiresome hearing the same kind of snippets of dialogue.On the other hand you have what is essentially a very linear, one track game. The level design is absolutely fantastic but the interaction level you can have with this world is extremely low. You can't pick up any object unless it is required for the plot, no inventory system at all, the puzzles where you can interact with switches and levers are nice but are extremely weak.Unfortunately the fear, the whole selling point of the game in my opinion, is also very very weak. Not even close to the bar that Amnesia: The Dark Descent set. Enemies whilst unique, are not well introduced with no suspense is build up in the first or later encounters. The later levels force you to play in a rushed fashion, in a bad way and the later enemies are possibly the most ridiculous I've ever seen in.... a total mistake in game design, really took the whole seriousness out the game and made it into a bit of a B-Movie.Clock the game in 4 hours, its no adventure.Fans should pay about a fiver at best."
,Recommended,239200,9195387,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Daemon White,"I've heard that this game isn't as good as the first one, and it's true. While I was skeptical about those claims, I went in with optimism and while I haven't beaten the game yet, what I have seen can be described as mostly interesting. I think it tries too hard to be scary and ends up falling flat after the initial scare. Yes, the pigmen can scare you when you first run into them, but after a while, it starts getting boring, tedious even. And there is too much story being put into it. You can ignore the notes and voxophones, but then you get confused as to why things are the way they are.Now, despite all that I still recommend this to everyone looking for something to play. It has scares in it, but the main selling point of this game is the atmosphere.The game uses lighting effectively and the sounds fit the scenes, nothing is really out of place.And the best part of the game is the ending. That's all I'll say to prevent spoilers.In short, although Dark Descent is the better one by quite a bit for horror, this one is highly atmospheric, and has an awesome ending. It's an experience that I've enjoyed greatly."
,Not Recommended,239200,9225366,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Sad Penguin,"Many elements of the first game are missing in this poor excuse for a sequal. Even if played in the dark, alone and with headphones on, this game should not startle you in the slightest. I did enjoy the story, however that was the only positive thing I can say about this game. I was very disappointed. Don't make the same mistake I did and waste your money on this."
76561198110826938,Recommended,239200,9227693,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,williamrogers1091,"I actually enjoyed this game. there are a few differences between the original amnesia and this sequel, gameplay mechanics and the length of the story is the only difference that i notice but that doesn't hinder the horrific creepy atomsphere and plot of A Machine For Pigs. sure i can understand how hardcore amnesia fans despise this game but COME ON! This is TheChineserooms first attempt at a survival horror game. all in all it was a great addition to the amnesia franchise, but a little advise for TheChineseRoom, if they ever decide to update the game with upgraded mechanics and making the story longer they should do it. Like i said even by it's current state A Machine for pigs was great but it also has a lot of potential to make it even better! :D I will now end this review with another tip to the creators. Please implement a custom story and a DLC for A Machine For Pigs, cause that would be SWEEEEEET! :D"
76561198065594171,Recommended,239200,6405523,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Test_Subject _9730,"Amnesia: A Macine for Pigs. Is a more story driven experience. It don't gives as much jumpscares, Like the last game gave us. But this game dosen`t need scares to keep  us interested, because the story is good written and the voice acting is marvelous. The enemies you are going to meet is pig humans. They are more of runing after you if they spot you enemie. The puzzles are more easy to handle to. I recommend you to try it out for your self."
76561197997990303,Not Recommended,239200,9114743,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,-KGB-Calzone47,♥♥♥♥ing dumb.. not scary.. Has dumb ♥♥♥♥ing pigs.. Puzzles are ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198052285174,Recommended,239200,9193164,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,SmoKeyToKey,was fun not exactly what I was expecting though. I thought it'd be closer gameplay wise as the first. I wasn't as creeped out but it was still well done. Disturbing story which was awesome. Couldn't tell if there was more than one ending however and it kinda seems like it's just the one. 5 hours gameplay roughly and wasn't as difficult puzzle wise as the first.
,Not Recommended,239200,9202137,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,silicas,"As a fan of Dark Descent, I was extraordinarly disappointed with this game.While the story was better fleshed out that in its predecessor, the removal of the sanity component from the previous game destroyed the horror atmosphere and rendered it so easy as to be laughable.I usually write longer reviews, but no more needs to be said about this particular product."
76561198079576221,Recommended,239200,9254484,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ryan.w.morris,"As a fan of horror and of video games, I appreciated the nuanced storytelling and gameplay in A Machien for Pigs. I really enjoy the way in which the Chinese Room tells it's stories and titles like Dear Esther and A Machine for Pigs stand out as some of the best experiences and stories video games have to offer."
76561198067291448,Recommended,239200,9255752,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Black.,horror at it's finest 10/10
,Not Recommended,239200,9276706,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,LOUD MOUTH LARRY,"Oh boy. OOOOOOOH BOY.This game has dissapointed me to the edge of tears. And I had so much hope for it!Let me clarify: Smooth game running? Check. Engaging story line? Gotcha. Spooky atmosphere? Yep. Scary? Well.....This game has almost every element as the original amnesia does, except the peril of dying, which might not seem that big of a problem, but in this game you feel more like a bystander that's just going through the motions rather than a man who is merely fighting for survival against a seemingly unassailable force. This game also seems to have a lacking amount of monsters. Boom said it.In conclusion, if this game was in no way related to its predecessor, I would give it a 10/10, but since it seems to try to ride on the coat tails of Descent Into Darkness and it so DESPERATELY wants to be it (but isn't) I have to not recommend to anyone wishing to experience the same level of gameplay as they did in the first one. 5/10"
,Recommended,239200,9236661,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Basso,"Story is a bit stranger than the first Amnesia, but I liked it."
,Recommended,239200,14233858,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Honey Child,"All of my nope, all of my nope, all of my nope, for you."
76561198095030576,Recommended,239200,14212858,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Trampavatten,Love this game! GO BUY IT!
,Recommended,239200,4902152,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,39Gamer39,"This is an excellent game, though slighty dissapointing... Mostly when compared to The Dark DescentPositives:- Outdoor environments which look great, first time on HPL2- New frightening forms of enemies- An excellent story- Excellent voice acting- Strong plot with strong characters- Good ending- Excellent music (i was originally skeptical since it wasnt done by Mikko Tarmia)- Improved graphics- Challenging puzzles (some)Negatives:- Last 20 mins are prolonged and dragged out.- Lantern is awful compared to TDD. (TDD runs out of oil, AMFP doesnt)- AI aren't as threatening as TDD, and their incredibly easy to avoid.- Sanity system removed- Inventory system removed- Frustrating puzzles (some)Well thats it, the game is definately worth getting, its very impressive, but lastly, The Dark Descent was better."
,Not Recommended,239200,14238121,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kritik,"Honestly, from the whole genre of horror survival, this game breaches just over the barrier. Sadly, for me, this game goes completely opposite. The atmosphere and structure is completely fine. Just one of the main issues is, that this game left out one of the main important features: sustainability.No need to worry about sanity, tinder boxes, oil or laudanum. As the lantern is electrical, you heal like Wolverine, got no brain to become insane and tinder boxes? the hell are those?Only the atmosphere and the setting really put me on edge, but everything else could have been impoved like for instance; charging up the lantern, sanity and a possible health system.It's sort of fun, only if you haven't played the first Amnesia game. If you have, then this game is completely different and really killed my hype for thi game, a real disappointment."
,Recommended,239200,7263288,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Dr.HjGunter,all i have to say about this game is that i love it and i HIGHLY!!! recomend it if your new to horror games or if your a big horror game fan i just love this game :D
,Recommended,239200,13440100,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,GeneralGinger,"Really wanted to like this game. Really did. That's not saying it's not a GOOd game, it's just i don't like it. Everything just seemed so off. Yeah, it's made by a different company then the first, yeah it has very basic ties to the first, but it's just nothing like it. The whole time iI was playing I tried to get myself in, immerse myslef, but I just couldn't. Whether it was all the jump scares one after another, or the fact that the atmosphere really didn't pull me in, or that I couldn't get myself to care about the story at all. WHether crawling the streets to get to the next building, or avoiding the{spoiler]piggies[/spoiler] nothing felt right. It's a good game. I recamend it despite myself not being able to enjoy it. because it does have it's moments."
,Recommended,239200,13443523,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jeznav,"If you've played Amnesia before, then this game will bore you. I didn't find anything scary about it which I think is relative from person to person. What this game mostly focuses is the narrative. The plot focuses on the perverse nature of how we humans have industrialized animals for consumption. So what if animals become like us and industrialized humans for consumption instead?If you're an animal rights activists and want to have nightmares, then you should definately play this game!"
76561197993211276,Not Recommended,239200,13560403,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Suldar,"I didn't hate this game. It just wasn't all that great for me. It was like, how do we make this scary? I know, make it, really, really, dark. I mean like you can barely see what you are doing dark."
,Not Recommended,239200,14382981,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,DrWongburger,"no sir,i didnt like it"
,Recommended,239200,11295450,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,AΩ,"First of all, if you're expecting a jumpscare filled, creepy atmospheric game like ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"", then don't buy this. Although the story is very well plotted, with mind confusing moments like ""Bioshock Infinite"", the game lacks what they mastered so well in The Dark Descent. In my own opinion, the creepiest part in the game was the beginning - and there weren't even any monstrous creatures. So, if you're looking for a game that will jumpscare you and that's it, I wouldn't really reccomend it. However, if you like a good story, with a somewhat strange yet creepy atmosphere that has you wondering, buy this game. But personally, I think ""A Machine For Pigs"" was a anticipted let down, when people were expecting so much from it."
76561197972832797,Recommended,239200,11425080,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Nerdgunner,"Very slow to start, but the last couple of hours are a triumph of video game story telling."
,Not Recommended,239200,11432273,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ebisaleth,"Sadly, I cannot recommend this game. While it was artfully crafted and delivered nicely on its atmosphere, the story seemed to me like a convulted mess that was deliberately left unexplained in order to appear deep. The lack of the light and sanity mechanisms from the previous game took away from its scaryness and sense of lostness a lot. It's a decent enough game on its own, but due to its shortcomings it cannot compete with A Dark Descent, which is unfortunately the standard I must hold it against. I was rather disappointed in it."
,Recommended,239200,11440895,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Alboz,Yes it's a very scary but at the same fun game!
76561198065519528,Recommended,239200,11443487,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Lunar Phoenix,"I have had some mixed feelings about this game, and have seen very mixed reviews of it. I want to start off by saying, however, that I do think buying this game is worth it.The disappointing thing about Machine for Pigs is that a lot of the gameplay elements that I personally (and I'm sure many others can agree) found very fun in Dark Descent were taken out. There is no sanity meter, no inventory, you can't pick up anything other than objects required to complete puzzles, and there is no hiding in wardrobes. As such, the gameplay suffers, making it less appealing, especially after you have played Dark Descent.What Machine for Pigs does well though, is story. I don't want to say too much to avoid spoiling, but it deals with morality and personal struggles much like Dark Descent does. In fact, Machine for Pigs may have an even darker, more disturbing story than Dark Descent once you are able to put everything together and realize what has been going on. The ending of the game was very dark, dramatic and intense, and I found certain parts to be quite creepy. There were a couple of cheap jumpscares, but the atmosphere was still heavy and had me on-edge.Overall, the gameplay wasn't quite as fun (particularly if you enjoy puzzles like I do), but the ending left me satisfied and glad I had spent the time and money (full-price, even) on it. In fact, once I had beaten it, I ran to the Wiki to read up more on it in case I had missed anything. If you are still unsure, which I'd understand, perhaps wait for a sale, but do still consider it!"
,Recommended,239200,11445344,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ace42,"Atmopsheric, with an interesting enough story.  The removal of Amnesia: Dark Descent's inventory, light-management, and Sanity systems cut out a lot of pointless busywork; but also a lot of the peril.  The cutting of said busywork impacts the game's brevity though - down to 2 hours to complete it from about 6 hours to complete A:DD (although a lot of that was walking in circles trying to figure solutions to problems that were no longer solvable - could've cut that down to 4 if I was just flying through the experience).The level design is prettier and more relateable than Dark Descent's, especially earlier on, although the middle and the end can get a bit repetitive once you get into the bowels of the eponymous machine.It's ok, atmospheric - but not massively scary and very brief.  Incredibly linear."
,Recommended,239200,12404415,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Bawshot,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, is intensely dark and atmospheric, with plenty of scary moments, however for me fails to get on the same level as its predecessor in every aspect.Still well worth your time if you enjoyed The Dark Decent."
,Recommended,239200,12408212,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Vergil Wodanson,"This game is good, a great, well made horror story.But DO NOT buy this if you want to be chased by monsters!This game is about the STORY!!"
,Recommended,239200,11904806,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,princefado,"I wish there was an ""utterly neutral option"" for reviews. Oh well.Now, I'm not a big fan of horror games. In fact, I'm a huge weenie. While playing A:TDD in a totally lit room with two of my best friends, I had to stop because I was hearing vague noises in other parts of the house that sounded like footsteps. This was after already having beaten the area with another friend, and knowing that there were no monster encounters whatsoever in the area.That said, Machine for Pigs did make me feel pretty scared, even from the get go! But it wasn't the same feeling as A:TDD. It felt... very linear. There wasn't a lot of exploration. No things to pick up, no boxes to stack out of nervousness, no fear of using too much light and therefore no fear created by using too little. There were no characters mentioned for me to care about, all the dialogue sounded pretentious and confusing... I didn't really care about where the story went.Now, that's said having played A:TDD.If you DIDN'T play A:TDD, I'm sure it'd be a fine game! It's visually pleasing and pretty interesting, but considering the hype it got from A:TDD, it just doesn't live up to expectations.So that's why I'm neutral. I didn't like it very much, but I don't feel I can judge fairly based on how much I liked A:TDD."
76561197965995122,Recommended,239200,11859818,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[BB]vale,"Very awesome game. Well made, atmospheric and full of neat details. Not as scary and horrifying as the first Amnesia game by far, but it definatly has a much more disturbing and compelling storyline. You can't interact as much with your environment as you can in the original game, moving boxes, books etc. But things you can interact with behaves in the same way as in the original: ""The Dark Descent"". There is no inventory, sanity loss and no healthbar - only notes and memos.It's definatly recommended, if you like a disturbing and dark atmosphere, finely detailed background sounds, squeaks and noises - and also unraveling a story that compels you to investigate and explore."
76561198035881280,Recommended,239200,11870464,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,dannyboyschill,Well it is a good game but not like the first but it has the same quilty as the first one and of course it was not scary because the chinese room made that game and the story line and soor yif the game was in  anyones taste but still this game was a good sequel to the first one after Daniel. But there will need more work to be like the first one to let you have to make custom stories for it I think they might well I recommend if you want to play a good sad story line of depresson.
76561198031173090,Not Recommended,239200,11852717,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Galsteen,"Take Amnesia: The Dark Descent, without the lantern oil, the sanity system and inventory... oh, and the custom stories, which where the reason many people bought the first game: REPLAY VALUE.But, is this a bad game?No, if you enjoy the first Amnesia, chances are you will enjoy this game too. But you will be done with it significantly faster than the old one.This game could have easily been a custom story for the first game, which is why I don't recommend this game, atleast not for newcomers. For newcomers: Buy the first game and some good custom stories, and try to don't♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself."
76561198045523056,Recommended,239200,11837050,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,AlexP,It's an okay game. Has great puzzle solving in a game I have yet experienced.
,Recommended,239200,11996007,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,LFS | Poop da Woop,"It's careful not to desensitize the player with repeated deaths, so you end up genuinely trying to avoid getting killed.  You end up staying on the alert, and that keeps it fom getting tedious and boring.  It's also a bacon lover's wet dream."
,Recommended,239200,10727276,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alec,"Fun game! Found it had a nice story and not too scary. Very atmospheric. Not the best game for scares, but overall a good game. Also, some of the content of the game may be viewed as disturbing. So be wary, things get gory at parts."
76561198001379087,Recommended,239200,10700874,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vees,The game lacks action in parts but the story and ending make up for that greatly. I wish it were a bit longer.
,Recommended,239200,10704152,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Miss Queenie,"This game was amazingly fun, not quite as scary as the first but the story was much better."
,Not Recommended,239200,10712676,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,verticus,"If you are expecting monsters, scares, and anything else from the first game ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"", you will be let down. I feel as if A Machine for Pigs was a huge let down to Amnesia fans. Yes, of course, the game will be different, but this game had so much potential. You rarely see the ""monsters"", it mainly focuses on story. Which to me, wasn't even that good. It's worth playing, but I'd only ever play it once."
,Recommended,239200,10716849,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Miebk,"Creepy as ♥♥♥♥, once again.11/10."
76561198050284407,Recommended,239200,10716950,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Breakfear,"I recommend this game, but here's the thing.It's most definitely NOT Amnesia by any means. There is no inventory system, and there is no fueling system for your lantern. It  seems as if everything on your character is an unlimited resource, and that takes away the challenge of the game.Another thing, the game is VERY short. I never expected a game like this to be short considering The previous Amnesia, and the Longevity of the Penumbra series. Though this was developed by TheChineseRoom, who also made Dear Esther, which was also a very VERY short game (1 hour roughly).On the positive side, the game is very immersive and promoted horror quite well in it's own way separate from The Dark Descent's technique. The story really drags you in but at times it can be difficult to understand with overwhelming literary devices and figures of speech.The reason why I recommend this game is that I respect it in the Non-Amnesia point of view. The game for me just didn't feel like Amnesia. It was still a very good game though, although I wish it were longer."
,Recommended,239200,10722750,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Godot,Pigs are spooky#2spooky4me
76561197990396543,Recommended,239200,10724808,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Klirxel,"A nice game for people who just what look around, explore a strange world.The atmosphere (and graphics and sound) is verys similar to Annesia the dark descent.The story, as the story of Dark Descent could be part of the H.P. Lovecraft universe.In comparsion to Dark descent it has very few shock moments, less puzzles. you have alamp that needs not to be refuiled (i liked that) and  you can't die really.In the end it is like Dark Dark Descent with less (shock) horror, but the same subtile atmosphere.I needed about 7-8 for the game.In the end it was really worth the cost of 5 euros (summer sale),"
76561198030389103,Recommended,239200,10541236,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,P@ersona,"A Machine For Pigs isn't very scary, however its setting and atmosphere are appropriate, and the story is even stronger than The Dark Descent, carrying similar themes of corruption in an unsettling and effective way. The story and writing is very strong, and I would recommend the game solely because of this, however if you're looking for a scare or remarkable gameplay I'd look somewhere else.8/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,10596125,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,almost Giovanni,"A Machine for Pigs throws game mechinics aside for a medicore story. No inventory, unlimited light, and you're not set back for dieing. The creators of Dear Ester developed this game, which speaks volumes about how it untimately turned out since it ended up feeling like an on rails story with the occasional baddie to hide from. Turn back; nothing that made Amenesia good was carried over to AMFP."
76561198041104181,Recommended,239200,10597569,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hoagie,Buy feces proof upholstery before playing this game
,Not Recommended,239200,10573645,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TehNicksterBoi,"Fans of Dark Descent: don't waste your money. The game has moderately good atmosphere, but actual scares are few and far in between. Save your cash."
76561197970687383,Recommended,239200,7972307,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,A Nameless Ghoul,"played it through unlike the previous amnesia-games, because while it is still extremely atmospheric and scarry, it isn't to the same degree as a dark descent. it's more like a ride then a game. that's were the chinese room-designers come into play. they obviously love to put you through atmospheric -or in this case even spooky stuff- but don't let you do as much as frictional games.you really gotta let yourself allow to be shoved more or less down the road they want you o go without too much to do.i LOVED it for what it was, but i see why many people don't like it at all. i would still recommend it to anyone that likes horror - just make sure you understand that this is more a movie than an interactive thing."
,Not Recommended,239200,7860265,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,☢☣Hello»Everyone☣☢,"It is rather interesting story, but drags on. It feels like they honistly made a amnesia for stupid people. EVERYTHING but the puzzles are locked down, doors, desks, ect. Onlything really you can pick up is the puzzle items. Not really scary just annoying, nor really creepy just soothing. If you think you're getting amnesia...don't buy it. Pick it up MAYBE if it is like 3 dollars."
,Recommended,239200,170165,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,GigaKid,"Not really as scary as the first Amnesia but way more story driven. I'd highly recommend taking your time and going around reading all the notes you find. I loved the story and i'll replay it just to get all the details sorted out. Oh, and if you're afraid of pigs, don't ever play this."
76561198049948504,Recommended,239200,7865355,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Jamjars,"While it isn't as good as 'The Dark Descent', 'A Machine for Pigs' is still a good game for any one who enjoyed the first and likes a quick horror flick"
,Recommended,239200,10732901,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,arbitrarycivilian,"This game is one of the greatest pyshological horro stories I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. At its core, it is about a man trying to do the right thing and failing horribly. It is about what can drive us mad, how our best laid plans can turn on us, and the lengths we are willing to go for love. This is not a horror game, in the sense of truly scaring the player away from the screen. It has few jump scares and downright ""crap-your-pants"" moments, which is obviously a far cry from the original Amnesia, one of the scariest games of all time (one where I literally leapt out of my chair multiple times). However, this game is a different beast entirely, and well worth the attention of anyone who's into psychological horror and  storytelling and writing on par with the best movies and literature.It's honestly a shame this game was branded as a sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The only similarities I could find between the two games are that the main character has amnesia, has done some horrific deeds in the past, and... has a lamp. If this game were not tied up with the original Amnesia, I think it would have been much more positivley received.The game has done away with many of the gameplay mechanics that made the original such a terrifying experience. Your lamp has unlimited fuel this time around, so there are no more hurried searches for oil as you desperately try to conserve your remaining fuel. There is no sanity meter; your character does not go insane from staying in the dark, witnessing unsettling events (of which there are plenty), or looking at the enemies creatures. There is still some light puzzle-solving and exploration, although the puzzles are simpler (which might be a good thing, because I found a few of the puzzles in the original a bit contrived, which broke my immersion) and the spaces to explore are nowhere near as vast and open-ended. There are still enemies that you have to hide and run away from, which accounts for the meat of the gameplay (I even died a few times) although these encounters are not numerous either. So yes, the gameplay has taken a back seat to the story, but this is not all for the worse.These changes and simplifications of the gameplay make sense within the context of the story. A sanity meter simply doesn't make sense within the story of the game. Your character is already insane - he has witnessed and commited horrifying acts. Seeing a Manpig or two - or being alone in the dark, god forbig! - isn't going to suddenly send him further into the depths of madness. It would just be too ""gamey"" and break the immersion and the character.Since insanity is no longer an issue, it would then follow that there is no reason to have limited fuel resources, as the primary reason for your lamp in the original was to keep from going insane in the darkness. Thus, having limited fuel would only serve to make some parts of the game unnecessarily dark, which would be nothing but an annoyance - and a shame, since the art design in the game is so amazing.I would have liked to see more exploration in the game, yes. That is my one big gripe with it. Being able to explore a mansion and the immense factory and machine underneath at your own discretion - discovering the different places and parts and horrors in your own order and at your own pace - would have been much more disconcerting and haunting than following a mostly linear path, seeing everything the game has to show you precicesly when it wants to reveal it.So there is just enough gameplay to serve the story. And what a fantastic story it is. Much like in the original Amnesia, the story is told mostly through found documents and through memories that come back to the protagonist. This time around, there are also phonographs to be found, which are a welcome addition because the audio allows the player to hear the emotions in the voice of the protagonist. The writing in this game is excellent, just as it was in the developers previous game, Dear Esther. In my mind it is unmatched. The writing is smart, layered, gorgeous, and at the same time visceral and unforgiving. There is no end to the amount of the times people mention brutal acts, and blood and♥♥♥♥♥♥and child murder. It is like reading a great literary work, and interacting with it to experience this unforgiving world.I could talk about this game for days, but I have said enough. Clearly I think it's fantastic, and you will too if you love a good story and are fine with not having deep game mechanics. I can fully understand why it's not for everyone, but that's OK: it was never meant to pleave everybody. I have one last thing to say though: this game has one of the great sequences/set pieces I have ever encountered. It's called the Den of the Wretches, and it completely disposes of any suppositions you may have about the enemites in this game. It was one of the most haunting and unsettling things I have ever experienced. Be prepared."
,Recommended,239200,10737218,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dr. Spaceman,fun
,Recommended,239200,10846081,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,adrianmarshall167,"Got the game as part of the summer sale. I was a fan of The Dark Descent for its storytelling, even though I probably wouldn't say it's the scariest game I've ever played. A Machine for Pigs doesn't change the priority, focusing on story rather than strict scares, although the atmosphere and its world are certainly unsettling in and of itself. The visual design of the locales you explore have so many details its hard not to see a story forming from the objects themselves.In that regard, these aspects of the game interest me the most; the realistic physics of objects, the creaking of old wood and the clinking of machines, it makes the game breathe its own thick and heavy air. If you're a fan of immersive storytelling, A Machine for Pigs continues on its predecessor's praises and makes for a memorable experience that succeeds not in breaking the mold, but further cementing Frictional and The Chinese Room as some of the greatest storytellers in game design."
76561197993808135,Recommended,239200,10812232,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Quickster,"very interesting commentary on empire and industrialization. probably went over a lot of people's heads because they were just like ""aw man i wanted it to be spooky, i didn't want to have to think too much!""sure, there were a few genre cliches (but then doesn't horror thrive on them?) but all in all the message was well-conveyed and certainly thought-provoking. some parts reminded me of a peter greenaway movie a little bit (mainly the part where you see the pigmen eating at the table when you're going through the holding pens).sure it ain't a 10/10, but it's still damn good. i didn't like the original amnesia much anyway."
,Recommended,239200,10813106,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ScoobyDoobie,Good game but the first one is better
76561198078476019,Not Recommended,239200,9335067,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,AstralBronze,A complete waste of 11 hours of my life.
76561197990143460,Recommended,239200,10522036,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Blackboe,"i think the difference between the first game and the second game can be summed up as the difference between terror and horror.the first game proceeds thus: ""oh my gosh, what's coming to get me next""the second game runs more along these lines: ""what have we done? what have we DOOOOOOOONE?"""
,Not Recommended,239200,10603070,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KennyRogersJackass,"72/100 my hairy♥♥♥♥♥So, what happens when you take the original Amnesia, strip out the intelligent puzzles, the lack of a sustainable light source, the health and sanity mechanics, and cut the game in half? You get Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. It takes balls to release this as a sequel, given that the game is shorter, less diverse, and overall less interesting than its' predecessor; and it furthermore takes balls to have released this at full price. I never finished the first Amnesia because I got too scared. I never finished this one because I ended up realizing that I was at the end of the game after playing for two hours, and also realizing that I'd played a mod for Fallout 3 that ended up being scarier, more mechanically complex, and more interesting overall. (CUBE Experimental)Avoid this game."
,Recommended,239200,10604321,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,"Great walking simulator, great times"
76561198028362000,Recommended,239200,10606740,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"Suddenly, Disney",change the pigs to pugs and we got a deal 12/soul train
,Not Recommended,239200,10607915,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vier Von Kreuz,OOGA BOOGA PIG MASK OUTTA NOWHERE TEN OUTTA TEN WAIT NO I LIED THIS GAME SUCKS
,Recommended,239200,1399749,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,ΞZ ƤZ,I CAN HAZ PAPER TOWELZ TO WHIPE MY♥♥♥♥♥ Scary stuff mang.
76561198072786794,Recommended,239200,10619719,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,76561198072786794,"The game has a very disturbing atmosphere and has a lot of horror in it. I jumped a lot of times from my chair. Maybe a little bit of short, but dialogs, music and scenes are just superb. Not awesome as Amnesia: Dark Descent, but great game overall. For horor/survival fans it would be just the thing to play. 8/10"
,Recommended,239200,10621877,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Exosaurus,"This game is fun and scary at points, It definately will never beat Amnesia:The Dark Descent. The Atmosphere is great. The only  problems I find about this game is the lack of oil in the lantern, it crashes constantly, and you can't move a lot of things unlike the original game. I would say get this game if you like Amnesia or just like the horror genre. This and The Dark Descent are connected in stories but very distant connections I would like to see a direct sequel to Amnesia:The Dark Descent."
,Recommended,239200,10621927,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,barry.d,damn this game is awesome :pone of the only ones tha can scare the crap out of me XD
,Recommended,239200,10758558,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pickledDeath,"As an avid horror game fan, I really loved this game. All the elements I disliked from the original Amnesia game (the panic meter and searching for oil for my lantern) were removed for this game and I believe it only benefitted from it. It's very atmospheric, immersive, and uses every part of the game to tell its story. Even though it might be easy to guess the ending long before you reach it, the walk there is really fun and pretty scary. And, just for reference, it took me about 5 hours to beat the game, so you know the normal length.I highly recommend this game. :3"
76561198027690241,Recommended,239200,10781314,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dragonkey,"While I know this game was a big disapointment to fans of the original game, I have to say I quite enjoyed it. If you like disturbing ambient environments, excellent soundtracks and enjoy a good horror storyline, this one is for you. That being said, if you are looking for challenging game play and FPS-style interaction with enemies, turn elsewhere."
76561198082783413,Recommended,239200,10783104,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shinzoki,"This game is great. As far as how it fairs with it's predecessor, it's not as good. I personally felt as though the fact that the inventory was gone was kind of lame. Also, there's no limit to when you can use the lantern, so it's not as scary as the first one.  I really liked the puzzles, and I also really liked the setting. Good game.8/10"
,Recommended,239200,4920027,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Ermek,"Some people may not like it because it took away the sanity system and other things that some claim made Amnesia: The Dark Descent a masterpiece, but I say I must disagree. Both games have their merits, and I feel that the lack of tinderboxes and other changes made to this game are for the better. This game is a very visual experience, much like Dear Esther--as such, you need some time (given to you via the never-extinguishing lamp in this game, which Amnesia: TDD lacked) to take in your surroundings, listen to the wonderful music, and absorb the images, textures, and placements of certain objects. There is much foreshadowing just in the placement of certain objects and in the order of the notes (which tell the story) found throughout the game. A chilling story that draws you in, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is arguably more like Dear Esther in that it is less interactive than its predecessor. If that's your thing, then this game is for you. If you prefer more action and hate games like Dear Esther, then, this game may not be for you. It is quite different from the first Amnesia, but I personally found that to be a welcome, refreshing change. After all, there are already tons of custom stories for the first Amnesia out there floating around."
,Recommended,239200,8037125,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Gucci Matzee,Fulfilling sequel despite being a lot less scary than the original.
,Recommended,239200,8043124,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DMaz,Not for sissies!!
76561198025246536,Recommended,239200,3613069,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,astraldescent,Disgusting and beautiful.
76561198030711918,Recommended,239200,8069001,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,-=Revenant=-,"An Amnesia that suffers from its title. A Machine for Pigs is a terrifying, hair-raising, dark adventure game developed by The Chinese Room in collaboration with Frictional Games. The game eliminates elements that were present in its predecessor as a move to increase immersion, and it works to a certain extent. No longer is the player desperately searching every nook and cranny for light sources to decrease their character's sanity and even their own. Instead what they are presented with is a more linear but story-driven experience. A Machine for Pigs tells a story that players can't help but want to find out more but at the cost of having to delve deeper into the increasingly frightening areas of the game.What A Machine of Pigs suffers from is its Amnesia title. The first Amnesia title, The Dark Descent set a new standard for survival horror-games, and thus the Amnesia title carries a big expectation. Many hardcore Amnesia fans may find this installment disappointing, as without a doubt they will compare this with the first title. A Machine for Pigs wants to tell a story, The Dark Descent wants you to wet yourself. Without the Amnesia title, A Machine for Pigs would without a doubt be an excellent horror game.If you love mystery, adventure but also want some ""squeal like a girl"" moments, A Machine for Pigs doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,239200,4851179,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,- Connor Gandy -,Briliant! Just compleated it!
76561198029933563,Recommended,239200,7936291,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Dynamite St. Petersberg,"A lot of people seem to hate on this game for being shorter and with less game mechanics than the first Amnesia.Honestly, I thought of it as trimming the excess fat off Amnesia: The Dark Decent.This takes place in just about the year 1900.They have electricity, therefore electric lamps, electric lights, no need for candles to be spread around with tinderboxes for you to manage or oil to ration.Gone are the moments of, ""Let's go down this hallway! Oh wait! The ceiling collapsed/Goo appeared over the door/The door is just broken or barricaded... again... Time to puzzle our way through an hour of jumpscares.""They also removed the incredibly annoying sanity mechanic that, let's face it, only got in our way for the first half of the game. Then we just kept running around in the dark because we saw better anyway.There are substantially less jump scares than TDD. But the horror comes from other sources. This game is almost like an exploration horror game. But it's great. I loved it. There's a lot of small things that really give this game some great touches.Grab your best pair of headphones and get immersed. And please read the journals and try to peice everything together. This ain't no Pewdiepie video."
,Not Recommended,239200,7937980,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Jontxu,"I finished it in just 5 hours, and that says quite a lot about a game. There's just a story, but no gameplay. Everything is linear from point A to point B, no sidequests, no alternative ways. It's just about finding the only door that will open, but there aren't other doors that would open so you have to explore and get to the endpoint using another route.You might get scared a few times, but in the end there's no real confrontation with fear. Yo can't pick up anything, no resource gathering or management, no puzzles."
76561198020833183,Not Recommended,239200,7938884,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Lenny pls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Curiousity made me buy it. I knew not to expect something as good as the first one, even then the game didn't meet my expectations. Monster encounters are numbered and a pig with a massive electric ""jetpack-like"" engine on its back is rather funny.The game is very short. Unlike the first one there is no custom story option. We were promised dlc to make up for that but they still haven't delivered any downloadable content.I would give it a 52% and that's because of the disturbing yet interesting story. Otherwise it's quite disappointing."
,Not Recommended,239200,823211,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,"Not very good, worse than The  Dark Descent for sure. For that 15€ you can buy Outlast, it is alot better."
76561198050609502,Recommended,239200,7450735,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Raythegamer2,Not a good idea to call this one a sequel. The game doesn't feel like an Amnesia game. But A Machine for Pigs is definitely worth the money if you're looking for a horror survival game with really good atmosphere and scares that are quite genius.
76561197972370141,Recommended,239200,576491,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Lucreto,Nope the game.
,Recommended,239200,6533960,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,♛ #Regg1e_,Excellent game! You must play it for yourself!
,Recommended,239200,7925364,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Altak,"A genuinely intreguing, well paced horror game that will make you not want to play any more."
,Not Recommended,239200,7882778,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,aureliox,Very disappointing game. Boring and full of bugs. That game does not hold a candle to his predecessor. Much less a lantern!
,Recommended,239200,7883075,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Eperiod,"Finished the game in a little under 5 hours. I enjoyed this game more than Dark Descent, and these are my thoughts and opinions. I know they differ from everybody else.I'm not going to go into the problems I had with DD in detail, this is a review for MFP. As many have stated, the game stripped down most of the game play elements that made Dark Descent what it is. There's no sanity meter, there's no lantern oil, and there's far less ""danger zones"" than DD. Machine for Pigs is more story focused, as this is Chinese Room's thing. The atmosphere and narrative immersed me into this twisted up story, and in the end I felt that it was $10 well spent.The player is almost never taken away from the controls. In DD, the camera would twist and turn, and the character would walk by himself away from danger. As the player, I do not want this to happen. MFP gave the player complete control, and if I'm too scared to turn a corner, I want to be in control of it. This is something that MFP improved on.I admit, the game play elements were lacking, but I never once found myself thinking that. If this were not tied to the Amnesia name, this game definitely would have gotten better reception from the players. The people who play this game thinking it will be Dark Descent 2 will be disappointed. Players who play this game open minded and looking for a gripping story with great storytelling through game play will enjoy it. Don't play it as an Amnesia game, play it as a separate experience."
,Recommended,239200,7884334,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,roberty hallway,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs clearly isn't for everyone, so I wrote a review that will hopefully help you decide whether or not to buy it. It's rather long and Steam won't let me post the entire thing here (normally I'd just copy and paste the review into Steam) so you'll have to read it here:http://nwapmakesjackasilentprotagonist.blogspot.co.uk/2013/10/forgotten-nightmares-amnesia-machine.htmlHope this helps!"
,Recommended,239200,7885179,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Phishfood,"Don't be fooled, beyond some surface similarities (ie - being an unarmed horror adventure game) this is a very different game to amnesia. There is no inventry, no requirement for lamp oil and no sanity bar. Certain things are a vast improvement over the original. That said, the story is rather short and quite non-sensical towards the end.Well worth a look, but wait for the next sale."
,Recommended,239200,8246377,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jopezki,Great addition for Amnesia: The Dark Descent
,Not Recommended,239200,8247066,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ermor,"Not a huge fan of Amnesia. The first one was quite boring. This one was slightly better, but that doesn't say much. If you are looking for a Survival Horror game, try Cry of Fear or Outlast."
,Recommended,239200,8249655,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SpaceCowboy,"First off this is not as good as the original Amnesia: The Dark Descent game from Frictional.  However, bottom line this is still a very good game and I whole heartedly recommend it.The game was developed by The Chinese Room, who also developed Dear Esther.  It's a very story driven game, and that's what I loved about it.  It was a great original story!The environments are quite good, and while immersive they are not as scary as the original game.  The monsters just don't deliver the terror from the original where you feel compelled to run and hide, sometimes from your own shadow!  But that's not to say they are not interesting.If you like horror games and enjoy a good story, then definitely pick up this game.  Just keep your expectations moderate."
76561198051152038,Recommended,239200,8237060,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tranny Phantom,"Ignore the metascore, they clearly missed the point of the entire thing. Awesome game."
,Not Recommended,239200,4628223,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,"disappointment/10The Chinese room need to stop making games and just make animated films since that's all they want to do.Addendum: Replayed it a couple of years hoping to get to the heart of it after reading a related Gamasutra article. Although I get the story a lot better now (Sweeny Todd x Aztec blood sacrifices via Industrial Era tangetially related to the other Amnesia game) the story is so poorly ♥♥♥♥ing told it'd be a wonder if more than a handful of people paid attention long enough, or cared enough to dig into it. The game delights in withdrawing control from the player, sometimes for what feels like full minutes at a time, to ram their wanky ♥♥♥♥ing dialogue down your gullet over and over. Whoever does the writing at The Chinese Room really loves the smell of their own farts.Cannot recommend on any level."
,Recommended,239200,18349033,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,MOVED,Very nice. I would play this more but I can't take scares well but it's a fun game!
,Recommended,239200,1651805,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Michael T Moreno,"An Amazing experience... Thank you ""The Chinese Room""! my most beloved of all companies! :)"
,Not Recommended,239200,18549818,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Orion-the-Absol,"There really isn't much good to say about this game. Maybe it's good for one playthrough but this definitely doesn't deserve to be the same price as its much superior predecessor.  The overall scare factor is too weak for this game to be called a ""horror survival"" and it has no replay value.Rather than building upon the previous game, it's been stripped of essential gameplay mechanics such as managing your light sources and planning your hiding spots when you come across a monster. The ""puzzles"" are far too simple and have no basis of challenge. And the whole obsession with the pigs metaphor makes me think about the ""horror"" of pigs from Invader Zim. It's just incredibly goofy to take seriously. Probably the worst game to come from the Frictional Games name (even they only published it rather than develop it).To see a more detailed review, please go to:http://breakingcanon.com/games/amnesia-a-machine-for-pigs/"
76561198056340423,Recommended,239200,18849567,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,The White Hawk,"Cons:Terrible OptimizationOdd 40 FPS cap in certain areasAwful faked FXAATHE WORST TECHNICAL SOUND DESIGN OF ANY GAME, CRIPPLES PERFORMANCE.No surround support (must be externally injected and its still terrible)TERRIBLE ♥♥♥♥ING BLUE FILTER.Pros:The Story is pretty good."
,Recommended,239200,18755789,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Pacowaka,"I'll start by listing the ratings I gave this game:Graphics: 7/10Storyline: 9/10Music: 8/10And a couple other things to mention:-No Mod Support-Quite Linear-More Terror Than Horror-Made By 'The Chinese Room' NOT 'Frictional Games'-No InventoryWhile Frictional Games was responcible for creating Amnesia: The Dark Descent, they were the publisher for Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. The people who actually worked on it were The Chinese Room.If you are looking for something as scary as The Dark Descent, then skip past this one.  Don't get me wrong, the game is great.  But it's more terror than it is horror.  You will spend most of your time cowering about something that will not appear and scare you.  The horror lies more in the documents you find scattered within the game.  They provide an earie backstory to a somewhat disturbing environment.  That being said, get this game if you want it for the story and not the scare factor."
,Recommended,239200,4116557,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Ikarus,Одна из немногих гениальных игр современности.
,Recommended,239200,689458,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Yuyin~,"Casque à fond: Immersion, Stress permanent, Frayeurs, à ne pas manquer si vous voulez vous chier dessus ! :D"
,Not Recommended,239200,18903797,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cousin Opeo,"i got this game around when it came out because the first Amnesia game is great and i was hyped for an equally great, but you can't spell ""dissapointment"" without several letters in the game's title.-you don't run into any monsters until about halfway through the game, which wouldn't be that much of an issue if the monsters werent just bipedal pigs that you can easily run past.-the game crashes SO MUCH. it was so bad that i got tired of it crashing about 70% through the game and ended up watching the ending on youtube, which makes little to no sense.-the puzzles are so easy its insulting-you cant throw♥♥♥♥♥♥around like you did in the first game. god dammit i wanna smash wine bottles.-there is no sanity system or need for tinderboxes and if you take dammage it heals over time like youre ♥♥♥♥in marcus from gears so theres essentially no tensionthey shoulda named this game Amnesia: A Spooky Walking Simulator"
76561197971111892,Recommended,239200,19050054,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,ShepherdDeath18,"One of the most story rich, atmospheric games of all time. I liked this game better than the Dark Descent. Don't ask why. I just did. Some points will make you cry. It could be the creepy pigs chasing you, or it could be the story line. It was not a very long game, in fact it didn't even deserve the title Amnesia.I rate this game a 9/10PS: This game has a beautiful soundtrack by Jessica Curry."
76561198059737045,Recommended,239200,19077813,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Semour9,"Its definetely not as good as the original amnesia game, your lantern doesnt shine as bright and shines in just one direction and it also seemingly stays lit forever. And you can also grab onto and pick up far less items in this amnesia game then in the original. But it's still pretty good, the scenery I dont exactly like and I dont like the changes of not having to pick up any forms of oil or tinderboxes (Or atleast I havent had to yet) but its still scary and definetely knows how to build up tension and give you a scare."
76561198038554897,Recommended,239200,19078884,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Funky Boy,This game made me cry. That's all I have. Respect your local law inforcement.
76561198049317876,Not Recommended,239200,19087863,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dr Batman,"Honestly, I found the first Amnesia game better on many levels, be it scare quality or story quality. This just didn't do it for me like the first one had.That said, I would still look forward to titles from Frictional games or the chinese room"
,Not Recommended,239200,19081017,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,SecretSarah,"I highly recommend Dark Descent. Machine for Pigs is boring. Play the original. If you want more, you're better off playing the original a second time than playing this."
76561198097703192,Recommended,239200,19019946,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ardath Bey,"Although the lore, story, horror elements and gameplay are not as strong as its predecessor, ""A Machine for Pigs"" does offer a good (albiet watered-down) entry into the Amensia series. The environment is a nice change from ""A Dark Descent"", and is generally as good if not better than the dreary castle of the previous installment. Despite the great setting, the puzzles throughout the mansion, streets, engine rooms, sewers and complexes are essentially wheel-turners and lever-pullers.Throughout the game, the notes and dialog honestly do a mediocre job at revealing the interesting world that you explore, leaving a lot of seemingly important things to the imagination, which can be a good thing but I don't think works well here. For every question answered, two more seem to open up. The monsters here are not as effective as they are in ""A Dark Descent"", essentially only giving us a few dangerous encounters. Even those encounters seem forced and almost cinematic. The plus side here is that the manpigs do fit the story of this game, and work well in conjuncture with the thematic ""Industrial-Aztec-Sacrifice-Meat"" elements of the game.Although my review might seem negative, this game still delivers a short yet sweet atmospheric horror stealth-adventure with decent lore and good imagery.I would suggest ""A Dark Descent"" over this game, but I think this still warrants a discounted purchase and playthrough if you're into atmospheric story-driven horror games."
,Recommended,239200,13010009,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,тсс-таи,"Not as had as some of fractinal games stuff, still the story is well written and if you get into the game and kee up with the story you will have a wonderful time. also pigs."
76561198095512843,Recommended,239200,12273811,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Lukes,"I downloaded it on the Appstore, it crashes everytime i get down the hole under the Church. I thought it would be better on Steam, but no... It doesn't start.... The Frictional Games-Logo shows up, and everything gets black. End Of Comment..."
76561198051425125,Recommended,239200,12283841,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sckolar,"Don't get me wrong! THERE IS CHARM TO THIS GAME!But the weight of how much you pay vs the amount of time you spend plalying it, makes the game not neccesarily unreccomendable, but it most certainly takes away from the experience.  I complete this in maybe 5 hours... Now like the first Amnesia, the jump scares you get and stuff are rare. this was fine with the first Amnesia because it was 20 hours long, but not here, it's too short for such little involvment. If you may make a game short, then make it loaded with flavor within the 5 hours.So is there anything good? Well yes, the game is scary like the first. The story is interesting, and it is driven by story, so if you are not into that, this may not be interesting to you. I like the voice actors, and the idea of the story is pretty good. The atmosphere is awesome, and dark. The sound is perfect!Ultimatley I DO reccomend the game, but the score is 6/10. It's average. It's a game you would play again, but you wouldn't for a long time, and you would only play again if you are bored."
76561197969879318,Recommended,239200,12213990,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Don Karnage,I noped out the first time a rat/pig hybrid ran by. Nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope.
76561197970008168,Recommended,239200,375985,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Mandra Madador,"So far, and by so far I mean 1hr 30min, this has to be one of the most beautiful, cearfully crafted, masterfully designed game I have ever played. This sophisticated, mature, experience is one of a kind! Frictional Games and the Chinese Room have given birth to a masterpiece!"
76561198059338044,Recommended,239200,12547595,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Bluedude588,"Skip to the bottom for a quick overview of this review.Gameplay- This game is a lot more simple than Dark Descent is. You run mostly for corridor to corridor reading notes, solving very simple puzzles, and hiding from the enemies. Just like Dark Descent there are only a few standout moments in level design. The developers also saw fit to remove the sanity meter, which for me personally makes the game less scary. There are also no tinderboxes or oil containers. The lamp you have never runs out of power. Also of note; I felt as if this game was a lot more static than the first. You can move almost nothing in this game, and while this doesn't really hurt gameplay all that much it just felt a little strange. I also see no real reason for a second playthrough. 6/10Sound- For the most part pretty awesome! While running around inside the machine the little creaks and groans really gave the machine almost a personality. The screams were semi realistic and the enemies sounded constantly creepy. The voice acting was on par with Dark Descent, so pretty good there. The music was fine as well. However I believe a good song or sound effect should be able to instantly bring you back to when you first heard it, and none of the sounds in this game have that effect for me. So while well done, not anywhere near as memorable as Dark Descents sounds. 8/10Graphics- The graphics are only slightly improved from the Dark Descent, which is not necessarily a bad thing. The art style is good though a bit repetitive. 75% of the game takes place in environments that look pretty similar. The other 25% stood out and was unique and good looking. However, this game is poorly optimized or something. I have a very good computer and I was getting as low as 20 FPS at spots and pretty constant stuttering no matter what settings I had the game on. 6/10Storyline- So much better than Dark Descent, and quite frankly one of the only reasons to really play this game. For whatever reason I never really was all that interested in Dark Descent’s story, but I was always interested in this one. Much of the games story is put into the notes scattered around, so please make time to read all of them. This is not surprising as they game was developed by the creators of Dear Esther. 8/10Horror Factor- This game is no where near as scary as Dark Descent. Since there is no health meter or sanity meter there isnt as much insentive to try to be careful and sneak around. Now thats not to say that this game made me sweat a few times, but most of those times were in the eariler half of the game. 6/10Summary- It’s alright. Do not expect a proper sequel to Dark Descent, but rather a different take on it. The gameplay is similar to that of Dark Descent but kinda dumbed down. The sound and story are the highlights of this game. And clocking in at only about five hours long this is significantly shorter than Dark Descent, and on top of that there is no mod support for this game. Would I recommend it? Yes I would, but only if you are huge Dark Descent fan wanting to spend more time in the series lore.Pros+Story+Sound DesignNeutral*Level Design*Gameplay*Graphics/Art StyleNegative-FPS issues-No ModsFinal Score-  6/10Recommended Purchase Price-   $5.00"
,Recommended,239200,12602509,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,BradsGaming,Fun game enjoyed the atmosphere of it a few good scares thrown in there for sure. I would say the scares were a little less than what I was expecting but non the less the story was really intriguing I couldn't put the game down.
,Recommended,239200,6321947,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"Rich, engrossing story telling. Get lost in The Chinese Room's take on the hit PC franchise. Gameplay mechanics are replaced by superb story telling and pacing."
,Not Recommended,239200,3629143,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,meme ™,"Chinese room Kinda ruined my favorite game series, dumbed down In every way except graphicly.Story is pants in my opinion and is no way as scary as the original. That being said its not a bad game on its own and has some fantastic voice acting"
76561198108031310,Recommended,239200,21120784,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Not as good as the original, but not bad either. I would say, buy it on sale. Other than that, just pass on it. Its not really scary at all, but it has a pretty good story. Either buy it on sale, or just watch a lets play of it. 6/10"
,Recommended,239200,21189249,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Friendly Following Fishstick,"beatiful music. Great story. Contrasting with The Dark Descent, the inability to open many doors or cabinets, etc., implies a much greater world, much more immersive. Monsters are terrifying, tho."
76561198275569989,Recommended,239200,21680954,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,{Suzy Ice}DarkQueen,pretty good game keep all
,Not Recommended,239200,10312661,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Huskerr,"Just completed Amnesia: A machine for pigs, It took me only 4 hours.... and i did everything that you could do in this game. I read every note that you can find and looked in all the areas to make sure I didn't miss anything, but only 4 hours?? The story was weak, It was really confusing and it only sort of made sense at the end.The game had its moments but overall its a 5/10 at best."
,Recommended,239200,22890427,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Aobe | Fordsie,"It's good, but it isn't amnesia..."
,Recommended,239200,4572740,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Finxie,Scary♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197969466441,Recommended,239200,355743,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,thehermit2,"Hmmm...  Machine for Pigs is amazing looking, and has great pacing and atmosphere.  It addresses a lot of the problems I had with Amnesia the Dark Descent: the poor hostile NPC design has been replaced with something much more impressive and frightening, and the occasional cramped and badly designed chambers (most notably the ending) have been replaced with massive vistas reminiscent of the ending of Portal.  The problem is that it isn't really a game anymore; it is more like an interactive story or experience, and a fairly abstract and repetitive one at that.  I like it as a work of art, but the puzzles were both poorly defined and too easy, the NPC interaction was unfulfilling, and it has little replay value.  I finished the game in a little over 5 hours.  $20 is a bit much; I would wait until it drops below $10, possibly below $5 if you aren't into horror."
,Recommended,239200,7553979,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,theSHHAS,Greatest story in a game since 1979.-Ozzy Osbourne
,Not Recommended,239200,20225167,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ski mask aka the slump god,"Really just not that interesting or scary, not a game I would recommend at all."
,Not Recommended,239200,22728620,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SethRandom,"To start this game is not as good as the first game. This game would be enjoyable without the amnesia name. In the firt game it was scary and even scary to points were i would just stop playingthats why I bought this game. this game is different for many reasons. This was scary at points but not very scary or scary to were you need to stop. The only time you need to stop is when you can't figure out what to do next and this happens a bit. This game has a few new features and is very story-rich. I mean, wow, this is an amazing story. With this game i didn't see any bugs or anything with is amazing.One very bad thing is that you can complete this game in 68 minutes or faster.If you are going to buy an Amnesia game Don't buy this one, buy The Dark Desent."
76561198124748015,Recommended,239200,22068571,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,32BitOsserc,"So, If like me, you are related to somebody who farms pigs, you would think that you would have got used to them by now, and not let a game scare the bloody wits out of you the first time you play it. Like me, you probably thought wrong. Pigs can't be scary.. right? Wrong.Although, I will admit, that's not really why I would reccomend the game in truth. The great writing, the superb building of suspense and atmosphere, the excellent voice acting, the superb design of the environments, from a creepy churchyard to hallway after hallway infernally ringing with the sound of steam driven machinery, and a beautiful, mournful score. These are the reasons I would reccomend the game. It's a great experience to play.Whilst, I will admit, it is less scary than the first ammnesia, It is willing to walk a different route, by having it's own distinct feel rather than simply retreading the first (Which was akin to sucide with the custom story feature anyway). It's still a small, independently made game, but this makes it no less excellent for what it is."
76561197995099385,Recommended,239200,1583501,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,GrumpyOleCuss,its not at scary as the previous Amnesia but it has an AMAZING story line you should really try it out
,Not Recommended,239200,22988937,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Blutonic,"It's like the Dark Descent, but with a story?And less scary?And more oink."
,Recommended,239200,2783941,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Companion Cube,"This game removes the elements from The Dark Descent. There is no sanity meter, there is no inventory, there are no tinderboxes or light sources. The puzzles in this game are a joke. One has to be a moron to spend over 1 minute trying to solve them. This game can therefore only be played for its atmosphere and story. The story is short. Took me about 7 hours to complete the game and I took my time to enjoy the environment, Dark Descent took me 12 hours. The story is also very badly explained. Very little is explained about the machine and what it even does. Dark Descent was a good game. Machine for Pigs only has its environment as a good side, the rest of the game it falls apart, not recommended as a game, mostly a disappointment."
,Recommended,239200,22158217,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Alk,"This is barely even a game. There is no health or sanity system, there are no hard puzzles, no lantern oil, no platforming, no skill required, no real difficulty. It's not a game, if anything it's a walking simulator as the critiques say, and they are right.However. Once you get over that fact, Amnesia Pigs is another kind of experience. Forget the tight grip you have over your controls, your expectations of difficulty, and just immerse yourself. Much like the first Amnesia, this episode is magnificently written, chilling dark, gorgeously atmospheric and the story is marvelous... But this time it's on a whole new level. What it lacks in the gameplay aspects, it moved all of it to the depth of the story, the design and aesthetics of the scenes and details, the music, the sound design and the astounding, practically perfect voice-acting. The game seems uninterested in providing any sort of gaming entertainment, just a few thrills and scares to give it the spice and have you feel the tension, and requires an appropriate mindset to be enjoyed. It's a design choice, apparently a signature of a Chinese Room, and it's not bad. I just wish they had given at least a few clues to everyone who bought this game and expected an episode 2 of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, as to what the game was. It was not their best choice, as it left a lot of fans extremely disappointed and drove them away from what the game actually tried to convey.If you're unsure whether to buy this or not, just be aware that it is not really a game, but it's not a movie either. There are indeed parts when you'll be chased by a disturbing nightmarish creature, and there are parts when you'll be wondering what to do to progress. They're just not the core of the game, which would rather be its incredible story, dialogue and, most of all for me, atmosphere. As long as you're aware of this and you're still interested then yes, it's worth your money.Personnally it's been years since I've played it and I've kept a truly great memory of it. I still listen to parts of the soundtrack, some of which are even coupled with lines of in-game dialogue - that's how amazing the voices are. They remind me everytime of what the story had to say and I'll never forget the melancholy of its themes and its brilliant atmosphere."
,Recommended,239200,1672648,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,MrJeniks,"Quite different from what you would expect from the sequel of the dark descent. Not as scary, fewer things to interact with and simpler puzzles. However the horror is completly different and the story, although a little confusing in the start, is amazing! The way I felt about half way through was nothing less than a fearless, angry and combat-ready mix of pure awesomeness... (dont know what i just wrote)."
76561198026336146,Not Recommended,239200,18239213,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Viejac{藤原रॉक}Sk,Не очень страшна в некоторых моментах не знаешь кда идти и мест где страхово мало
,Recommended,239200,21952912,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Phyle,Nice athmosphere and shock moments :D
76561198096320930,Recommended,239200,24265382,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Captain Penguin,"I have recently replayed this game and it is pretty good. It misses key elements that made The Dark Descent the amazing game it was but it still had a better story than TDD that fit in with the Amnesia universe.  Some flaws are the easy to evade, not scary monsters, the electrical lamp that stays on forever, the lack of a sanity meter, full autohealing, inability to open many doors, open many drawers, or pick up many objects, and the lack of an inventory. I think it would have done better as a spiritual successor to Amnesia: TDD, not as a sequel under the Amnesia brand. It felt a little rushed with the story. Some positives are the game is still creepy, it looks nice, has a good story, and is lore-friendly to the Amnesia universe. The ending is very dramatic and amazing, especially the final speech. The music is absolutely beautiful. It is definitley not as good as The Dark Descent gameplay-wise but it comes close and is still a good horror game, just not a good Amnesia game. I definitley reccomend it to those who want a good story and are not all that concerned with gameplay."
76561198048909868,Not Recommended,239200,22558840,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,cosby714,"To be honest this isn't a horror game, it's barely a game at all, it's more of an interactive art piece. Basically you're walking through dark hallways and underground corridors while the story, which isn't that good, is told to you. It's not that good and the monsters don't even kill you, there's no consequence for being caught. It's not amnesia really, it should have been its own game. Attaching the amnesia name to it gives an expectation of a really scary horror game where you're being hunted by these horrible things and this game just isn't that."
76561198202235229,Not Recommended,239200,23077578,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ravenhyena6,"I feel as though I would like this game more if ""Amnesia"" wasn't in the title. It's a sequel that tries to take a more cinematic approach to its story but forgets to be scary as it goes along.It starts out strong, with a pretty creepy setting and environment to explore and a decent objective; find your missing sons in this giant factory plant. Even the first few scares are effective and the creatures seem like they'll be a step up from the previous ones. But once you begin to head into the factory, that's when the game starts falling apart for me...Over time, gameplay simplifies from exploring your surroundings to a linear cinematic walk-simulator where you're literally walking forward just to progress the game. The story gets vastly confusing and far too complicated for its own good (still believing itself to be shocking by the time its over). The environments inside the factory become very one note and not interesting. Enemies rarely appear and are easy to evade. Collectables fail to add world-building/character development and become useless/tedious to read after a while. And this game constantly shoves its title in your face by literally making everything about ""machines"" and ""pigs"" with no subtlety at all.....By the end, I found myself just pushing through to get to the end, unlike the first game where I was extremely excited to witness the ending...And the sad thing is, I still found a lot of good in the game. All the above ground scenes and areas are pretty cool and exciting to explore. The creatures are scary in these parts and there are small moments throughout where it manages to be creepy. But ultimately, it fails to keep its momentum going as the game progresses4.5/10"
76561197982588810,Recommended,239200,939246,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Reuben,"Choking atmsphere, great sound design, interesting story, horribly disappointing. This is not a true sequel to Amnesia, it is not very scary and for the most part it felt like Dear Esther: Horror Edition. Plus it's four hours compared to the 7 or so hours of the previous game. I honestly can not recommend paying full price. Amnesia TDD is very dear to me but this just left me wanting something more."
,Recommended,239200,1441268,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,wake,"Amnesia - A Machine for Pigs: Hands-down THE BEST walking simulator I've played all year.The gameplay, no longer encumbered by dated sanity meters, lamp fuel restrictions, jumpscares, or mild puzzles, FINALLY frees players to immerse themselves in the storyworld to their hearts' content.And the storyworld, no longer encumbered by pitch-black darkness (thanks, electric lighting!) or a double-digit monster count, FINALLY frees players to immerse themselves in the always engaging, often  relevant, and NEVER pretentious audio-logs and journal entries, the heart and soul of A Machine for Pigs.And thank God, because there are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of audio logs. And they are ALL EXCELLENT.Needless to say, fans of the first game will absolutely LOVE Dear Esther 2. As for Amnesia fans, well, they can just ♥♥♥♥ right off.Anyway this game is terrible and I hate myself for playing it."
,Recommended,239200,24755281,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[Syd]coolzo Alex,SCARED ME HALF TO DEATH <3
,Recommended,239200,24383718,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,novanima,"As someone who is not a fan of horror games in general, I enjoyed this game. In fact, this is the first horror game I've played through to the end, though I must confess I made heavy use of guides and walkthroughs to help me through the scarier parts. The reason I chose to play this game is because it claims to be more about atmosphere and story than about jump scares and neverending monster chases. To my delight, I found that to generally be true--there are only a couple jump scares and maybe half a dozen serious monster encounters in the game. I had a general sense of dread throughout the game, but not so much that I couldn't enjoy exploring the details of the world and the environment. The story itself is quite thought-provoking. In fact, my only real complaint about the game is that I feel it could have delved much further into the concepts of the story than it does.In particular, why does Mandus suddenly and decisively change his mind about the Machine? He clearly had rationalized its use before the timeline of the game, but it never explains why he came to believe his rationale was wrong.. But I suppose that just leaves more to contemplate once the credits roll. I recommend this game to anyone who isn't necessarily a fan of jump scares but loves a good psychological horror story."
76561198065307521,Not Recommended,239200,24663546,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,creeperpool,"$20.00 is way too much for this game. Not only is it really short, but it lacks a creepy atmosphere and other things the 1st game had. I would wait untill it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,239200,24604413,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,KnightVic,"Story: Good Job.Music: Hell yeah.Gameplay: A walk simulator, not the system of The Dark Descent, and the monsters...I know this game is called A Machine For Pigs, but they are all pigs...at least they could made them more terrorific...but no.The Chinese Room...You don't know how to make survival horror games."
,Recommended,239200,19110929,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,WILLYWANKER#159,A really good game from the Amnesia series.+ Graphics+ Story+ Gameplay+ Puzzles- Can't throw as much as in The Dark Descent- Piggies didn't really scare me8/10
,Recommended,239200,24767910,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,YOREM_KASTOR,+scary(not as much as amnesia)+fascinating+pretty long game play-Horrible optimization-sometimes it feels like walking simulater without any puzzles to solve
,Recommended,239200,25807050,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BigHeadLex,This games decent not as good as the orginal game but decent
76561198122599669,Recommended,239200,25830766,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Custom Story,"Absolutly great story. Definatly not as scary or interactive as Dark Decent, but I loved the story. The score and voice acting were incredible and overall I felt that this game was superior to the Dark Decent. If you are a fan of good storylines or just aren't a fan of terrifying games, or you are new to the horror genre, this is a game to check out."
,Recommended,239200,25955659,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Danactos,"This game made me wary of pigs.This is my first Amnesia game that I have completed, though I have dabbled in some of the Penumbra games.It was an interesting experience. The story was entertaining and intriguing, but not the scariest thing I ever played.The atmosphere was spooky, but the fog made it a bit harder to see than I would prefer. The graphicsfeel a bit dated, but it is still enjoyable. The beginning section was a little confusing, but I started to get a hang ofthe puzzles after a while. Overall, I enjoyed playing this. I would recommend this while it is on sale and not for its full price, which is currently $19.99. The reason why I would not pay full price for this is because I heard that Amnesia: The Dark Descent was much better. A good game to get on sale if you are looking for some spooky games to play in October."
,Not Recommended,239200,25895582,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Se_7_eN,"First off, this game was not made by FRICTIONAL GAMES... The creators of Penumbra, Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and SOMA.This game was made by The Chinese Room and published by Frictional. That being said, the game is a complete disaster... The story is absolute gibberish, doesn't make any sense, and the scattered notes around the game try way too hard to be artsy poetry instead of giving real lore. The environment is drab and uninteresting, there is little to no interaction with anything in the game, nor any interesting plot points.Don't buy this, buy one of the Frictional games mentioned above instead... SOMA is fantastic."
,Recommended,239200,1072662,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Baahubali,An amazingly dark story told through the eyes of Mandus.
76561198093047851,Recommended,239200,17409121,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Salty Meme Wizard,"Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. The sequel to the critically acclaimed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, with a papa like that, you'd have to imagine the son would live up to the reputation, in some aspects, I believe it does, others not so much.Pros:-The atmosphere is quite unsettling, much like the first.-The voice acting got a major upgrade from Alexander telling Daniel not to stray thirty times with his over-the-top voice.-Manpigs are a bit disturbing and the noises they make are terrifying.-Decent reference or two to the first game.-Music was completely amazing and help create so much of the feeling of this game.-No naked guys.-Like the first one, I was fine playing this in the middle of the day with people around, but at night, alone and with headphones completely changes your views to how it should be viewed.-Was that a pig snuffing I just heard?-In layman's terms I was scared multiple times while playing this game.Cons:-Sanity bar, health, puzzles, tinderboxes, oil and challenge were all thrown right out the window.-Every puzzle consists of put x in y to open z door.-Monsters were not as disturbing or creepy as the original slack-jawed, strap-wearing fatty we all know and love.-Monsters were very slow.-Plot was confusing and I didn't really get it and ended up looking it up to fully understand it.-Lantern is replaced by flashlight thing that doesn't require oil and you can keep it on for as long as you'd like, and has the added bonus that it flickers when a piggy is nearby so you basically know when there's something close.-Piggies looked silly during multiple parts of the game and it took away from the feeling of it.-Most of this game felt like you exploring a machine while there's something lurking there rather than a struggle to try and find your kids.Overall, this game is nowhere close to the standards that the first game set. But on the other hand, I was scared quite a bit, the best way to put it is that ATDD was The Empire Strikes Back while AAMFP was Revenge of the Sith. Anyone who liked the first game and likes the series should play this, and I personally believe this game recieves more hate than it deserves. If it's on sale, or you really, really, REALLY want to spend $20 on this, please pick it up, it was a good experience and deserves to be loved for what it is, not hated for what The Dark Descent brought forward to the horror genre."
,Recommended,239200,18047079,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mushroom Man,"I like quite a few things about this game such as the story and Victorian setting, the only problem I have with it is the length and loss of many great gameplay aspects from the original Amnesia. 6/10"
,Recommended,239200,17826012,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,|Doom| Sieg,My high expectations were satisfied with the perfect amount of atmospheric horror. 7/10ProsHolds up to expectations from the previous Amnesia gameLooks goodEntertainingConsStory was whelming
,Not Recommended,239200,15614733,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,"For somebody who has Amnesia: The Dark Descent as their favorite horror game, this game is a massive disappointment."
,Recommended,239200,17994548,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PsychoSunshine,"It's definately a solid horror game, but it's not exactly anAmnesiagame, as it's made by a different developer. If it didn't have to live up to the Amnesia name, it would have been much better recived. Though I would have liked ta actually have an inventory rather than carrying one item at a time by holding LMB."
,Not Recommended,239200,18079953,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Aetsuki~,"A really unfortunate failure of a game. Had alot of potential, but failed, and I feel it may be due to the nature of the Chinese Room's involvement. Overally, not...a buggy game as I've heard, but not a pretty one. It's very different to Dark Descent. No inventory system, so much less player involvement, so much less /content/. I beat this game in only a few hours. My major complaint was that it was dull. I barely had to do anything, usually it was follow a linear path, flick some switches, then continue on my path now that I've opened a door. In between, I was told a story. Not necessarily a bad story, but nothing as nice as Descent. What's more disappointing is the graphics though. They look rather dated, the lighting engine is bad, and the entire game I feel like I'm staring through some sort of green or brown filter, that made it so hard to enjoy the scenery. That's a real shame too, because I'm sure I would have enjoyed the steampunk aesthetics and perhaps the game alot more. Overall, its completely on rails. I died once, perhaps twice, and it seems it might have been scripted, because of the spawn point. But I might be wrong. One time I got chased by a water monster, but all I had to do was follow the literally fenced in pathway to the exit that was only a few yards away.Inventory and light source having fuel is removed. Few things in the environment are interactable. The optimization is poor, I had frame drops in random areas staring at walls or locks that I had to get past. The graphics are poor and seem filtered. Overall I can hardly recommend this, unless its on sale, and even then (at the time of writing its 4$) it's not really much. With the release of SOMA coming up, I can hope that Frictional has learned from the errors of this game, and will improve in their next title. They certainly did with Black Plague after Overture, and Penumbra being my personal favorite Frictional Game, I hope that SOMA will live up to the shoes that Machine for pigs failed to fill, and Penumbra never finished.I almost forgot. On a plus note, Jessica Curry has composed a wonderful score for this game, and that's really the only saving grace. It is absolutely gorgeous, but in my opinion its better to just buy that instead of the game. You'll enjoy yourself alot more."
76561198130224251,Recommended,239200,18621619,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,outlast,"una excelente historia, la musica acorde al juego  el unico problema es la jugabilidad es muy malaes un videojuego que prometia mucho  pero la falta de jugabilidad   perdio sentido"
,Recommended,239200,14083259,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Freya,+ Good Atmosphere+ Good Story+ Good Graphicsmore pig! more pigs!
,Recommended,239200,12935348,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Caliggy Jack,"If the first Amnesia had great art design, brilliant voice acting, and an overwhelming sense of dread. Its sequel A Machine For Pigs, takes that and raises us pristine dialogue, more outside areas, and challenging puzzles. A Machine For Pigs shows us why The Chinese Room is the master of modern dialogue. A story reveling in its political and religious undertones, tackling issues such as greed, consumption, and revenge."
76561197988891614,Recommended,239200,7709484,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,FF$ | leeroy,"proper biz, dont bother"
,Recommended,239200,10783122,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheModeratelyNeat-oCarl,Spooky stuff. Great atmosphere and a satisfying ending.
,Recommended,239200,10669355,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,xaffi,It's really interesting game. I advise you to fully go through this game. She deserves it!
,Recommended,239200,27923600,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Salmon Pink,"Looking back, I can understand why this game got a lot of hate.  Obviously, it had huge shoes to fill, seeing as how Amnesia: The Dark Descent is one of the most well known and critcally acclaimed pc-horror games of all time.  But if you take a step back, take a chance to look at all the intricacies that are in the game and the world it takes place in, it really does shine.The Victorian-era theming, the imagery for machines and swine, even the voice acting; it all has an incredible effect on the player if you let the story tell itself.  Not to mention that the game has plenty of twists throught it, so it'll keep you guessing till the very end.Some may argue that the enemy AI is weak, predictable or bad, but being a lover of these games, I can say that the game gives you plenty of warning and even tosses in a couple of enemies as ""teasers"" (ones that are scripted and can't actually harm the player) to prepare you to deal with them.As a successor to the first game in the series, A Machine for Pigs may be stuck in the shadow of its predecessor, but as it's own game, it stands out in a dark, terrifying way.If you enjoy horror games, or if you have been reluctant to try this game because of the negative reviews, give it a chance by going into the game with a clean slate.  I promise it'll be worth you while."
76561198092309268,Recommended,239200,27956260,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Caster,"Dark, Scary, Good Atmosphere!!"
,Recommended,239200,4409992,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,fractalwizz,"A wonderfully put-together story - The major highlight of the game is it's sense of place - The structure is very well defined, and it feels almost real... Definitely worthy of your time and money:2016 Update:So after upgrading to a new rig, I could finally experience the game at 60fps glory. However, this showed some negative aspects I hadn't encountered previously. Thankfully, the negatives can be configured and taken care of.The game's framerate is capped at 60fps. If you desire a higher framerate, a config file requires editing. The framerate sometimes dipped and maintained at 40fps instead of the expected 60, but changing the LimitFPS value seems to have addressed that.Secondly, the game uses an older audio library that only outputs in 2 channels (stereo). Luckily, there is a library update that can be acquired to enable surround sound support.Enjoying the game at the preferred frame rate brought the game to me in new life. What negative aspects technically it does have can be dealt with swiftly. Still a wonderful experience to enjoy in the evening darkness..."
,Recommended,239200,27719699,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Siegfried Einhoff,"I am always searching for games that feel like a genuinely profound experience. Before I found this gem (which was sadly unappreciated, although it seems people are picking it up after all this time since release), I never thought such a game was really possible.Plenty has already been said on how the gameplay is not very pronounced or how the pigs themselves are not as br00tal as they should be. However, what is most important that the story is multi-layered and very, very deep (maybe even deeper than the developers initially hoped). After witnessing its conclusion, I no longer doubt that narrative games have potential (but you have to trust them and read between the lines, of course). SOMA only strengthened my resolve a couple of years later.And that, my friends, is the highest praise I can possibly give to Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs.Also please investigate the following plot theory after you finish the game:the voice of the machine might be ProfessorFinally, thank you, Valve, for motivating me to write this review for Steam Awards"
76561198064909240,Recommended,239200,11567694,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,paradox.delta,"As I read many reviews that this game cannot follow the big footsteps of The Dark Descent I'm going to tell you why I prefer this one over the first part. For me, this game creates a way more immersive atmosphere. The industrial/ steampunk design combined with solid graphics and the beyond awesome environmental sounds create a dense atmosphere that amazeses me from the first minute. These distorted phonecalls send a chill down my spine everytime i listen to them and i can feel the heavy pistons pumping deep down in my lungs.There are few but very good placed shocker moments and the story is as mysterious and  sophisticated as the first part. Yeah, it may not be as scary as The Dark Decent. Especially the darkness insanity is painfully missing. But the flickering light of the lantern does a great job as well of the 'dirty/gritty' mood that is attached to many interiors. But the thing that really took my breath was the soundtrack. I never heard something comparable in any horror-game/ movie and Jessica Curry did an even better job than in Dear Esther. There are few soundtracks, that make it to my collection but this one certainly did."
,Recommended,239200,325376,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Daisuke,"NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.That is all I can say about this game. ♥♥♥♥. First time a game scared me this much, not even silent hill 2 made me quit a game from fright."
,Recommended,239200,4213701,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,TEH BONE ZONE,"Words cannot describe the beauty and philisophical nature of this game, the atmosphere is intense, the gameplay is solid, and the story is immersivley dangerous. Get this game now, no excuses, you need it like you need air."
76561198082016493,Not Recommended,239200,12859475,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,real slim shady,the game is a little bit boring and laggy and its not scary
76561198089537563,Recommended,239200,12860096,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Kirsten,"Very enchanting, lost alot of it's original quality from the first game i have to admit. If you're going to play this i would play it as if you have no idea of the previous. The game on it's own is amazing. The voices, the atmospheres and the general gameplay is really scary. It makes you feel under constant threat and works the ""i'm being watched"" feel to the max. Definately recommend it."
,Recommended,239200,12883826,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Human Bean Juice,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJmkN8j2CIoNot as good as the original though still spooky.3 out of 5 Little Piggies
76561198024639998,Not Recommended,239200,12885458,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zio Topomouse,"As  much as I like Dark Descent, I have to say that this one is not so good.The game is more like an interactive movie where the puzzles just interrupts the narrative, after a while i was just ploughing through the game to reach the end, which was not so satisfying itself."
76561198014717582,Recommended,239200,2928074,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,benji,if your going to buy this (and i suggest you do) play it with your headphones on and in the dark. I have beaten this game once and it was a horrific story lots of jumps and scares along the way (played in the correct atmosphere)  Brilliant game just get yourself some spare underpants at the ready if your going to play it :)
76561198049290709,Recommended,239200,5408191,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Oli,an amazing game very scary!
,Recommended,239200,12748296,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dj.madscribbler,"Overall I liked the game. I think it was less scary than the first one, mainly because I think the stakes are raised more slowly (by which I mean there isn't much danger until quite a ways into the game). I for one am glad they got rid of the ""sanity"" mechanic - mainly because the effect they used in the first game made my eyes hurt (and I don't mean that as a metaphor - my eyes would physically water up and get sore during the sanity scenes in Amnesia).I do think the inventory management (lamp oil, etc) is missed."
,Recommended,239200,12754922,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,John McLuck,"Been playing Machine for pigs for a couple of hours now, and the more you play the more disgusted I am with what Dan has done and of what he has created. The story can be abit slow at the beginning, but as you descend deep into the darkness you will see what horrors this game has."
,Recommended,239200,12814096,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"So far, pretty fun. I just know not to expect the same thing."
,Not Recommended,239200,12819016,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Seake,"3.0 hours. That was the time it took for me to complete this game completely.Within the three hours playing time, you could say that you are taken on a journey through a pretty shaky plot. The first 2 hours you are trying to get a machin started, the last hours you try everything to stop it from working. This all happens in a straight forward and linear plot with puzzles even a two year old can solve.Please spend your money on an actual horror/survival game like the first Amnesia, but leave this one on the shelf.3/10"
,Not Recommended,239200,12809300,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Eliminator Jr.,"Very disappointed with this ""game"""
,Recommended,239200,12835772,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,citrus,"Great game. The original is scarier, but this one has better jpegs."
76561197971252326,Recommended,239200,12963930,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,spaceman spork,"This is actually a tough one.  Because... is it good?  Yes.  Is it good enough to recommend to others?  Ehhhhhh....Graphically, it looks better than the original.The story is quite twisted actually.  It has an interesting atmosphere too and pretty good voice work.  But... is it scary?  Ehhhhh... compared to the original?  Nope.    Compared to Outlast, definitely not.Where Outlast took the high paced scary parts of Amensia the Dark Descent and ramped it up a few levels and threw in  a ton of jump scares, A Machine for Pigs went the other direction.  Things are more slow burn.  I don't think there are any jump scares either.  It does have a delightfully twisted story though, but the monsters that chase you are too goofy to be scary in my opinion.Avoid it if you're looking for a pulse pounder.  Consider it if you like slow but twisted stories."
76561198149881474,Recommended,239200,12938370,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,trentvh,"I loved this game, and I think that largely has to do with the fact that I read a bunch of reviews before I played it and therefore didn't expect it to be like The Dark Descent. Because it's not.It's less scary for a number of reasons, but if you go into it knowing that and just enjoying the ride, it's a really fun game.The ambiance is great, the feel of the world is dark and foreboding, and I always wanted to see more, to see what was behind the next door. Enemy design was pretty cool, and there are tons of really creepy things just to look at. The story's really cool (if pretty simple, really), and it kept me moving.In the end, I'd say get this on sale and have some fun with it."
,Recommended,239200,10943587,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Morty,"Amazing, deep and emotional story with a great soundtrack. It doesn't really feel like an amnesia game but is still a brilliant game. 9/10 for me. To get that extra 1 there would need to be more monster encounters since they are quite rare but the great atmosphere and story makes up for that."
76561198062533511,Recommended,239200,10682613,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rip in pepperonies,awsum
,Not Recommended,239200,8258156,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,akakmed,"Game crashes constantly, still haven't even started it because of the bugs. its not my computer, its the game. i've tried anything and everything to get it working, looked all over, changed options, it does nothing. would not recommend wasting your money on something that won't even run. If i could get a refund i'd be happy, but i won't."
76561197970089082,Not Recommended,239200,8259690,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ELEMENT 55,"I want to say it's a good game.  But when I stop to realize I only want to say that because of how much I enjoyed The Dark Descent...  then I can't say Machine for Pigs was a good game.  Very linear, which I realize many good games are linear, but this just wasn't good enough.  It may be unfair to compare this game to The Dark Descent, but if they are going to slap ""Amnesia"" in the title of the game, they had better be prepared for comparisons.The game looks and plays great.  Yes, I was frightened several times by the monsters.  But overall the experience was lost by many changes that were made.  The inventory is now gone.  No longer am I carefully choosing which candles to light, or watching my oil run out.  You have a lamp that always stays on.  The spirit of the original Amnesia just feels lost.Pick this up for $10 or less.  Anything above that and you will feel it was a waste of money."
,Recommended,239200,8262865,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Reiz3r @  wwwwr1q,"Really weird game, dunno what else to say..."
76561198037645022,Not Recommended,239200,8264382,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,imrathan,It was okay but it does not compare to the first game but I wouldn't say it was terrible.
76561198037645022,Not Recommended,239200,8264384,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,imrathan,It was okay but it does not compare to the first game but I wouldn't say it was terrible.
,Not Recommended,239200,1841304,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Stokes,Well...it's short.  It starts out well but the plot disappears up it's own ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about half-way through. Also has an annoying blue fog.  Disappointing. Skip it.
,Not Recommended,239200,8387258,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Subversio,Was thoroughly dissapointed with this game.  I have to say I hyped the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it though after how good the first one was so maybe that was my downfall.
,Recommended,239200,6266521,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Hayden,"Scary, Not as good as the first though"
,Recommended,239200,4801884,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Setbg,"Great game, incredible experience."
76561198046505376,Recommended,239200,8409370,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Booty,"I personally like to call this ""The Nope Game"". If you decide that you just are not sane in the brain and think it's OK to play this in the dark with a quality headset/headphones on then be my guest. But the reason I like to call it ""The Nope Game"" is because everytime something happens I edge once more towards just quitting with an outloud ""Nope"". A barrel rolls towards me ""Nope"". A steam valve lets loose a burst of air ""Nope"". I hear a girl screaming and some children giggling in the next room ""Nope nope nope nope"". Then the horrid beast decides it's OK to sprint towards you ""NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE"" and then I quit the game. This is why I only get about 15 minutes intervals with this game, it's really hard to play longer in one sitting. So go ahead and get it if you feel like it."
,Not Recommended,239200,8238619,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Dankosaur,"I seriously Beat this in two hours, Don't bother. I liked the part that had open confilct between the british police and pig men, it was super spooky"
76561198031795326,Not Recommended,239200,8402811,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TyeWebb,"I really enjoyed The Dark Descent and had high hopes for A Machine for Pigs. However there are two main things that this game does not do that take away from the experience created in Dark Descent. First their is no resource scarcity, you can use the lantern nonstop and never have to worry about running out of oil. To be completely honest I never quite understood the interaction with the monsters, but in Dark Descent you basically had to hide and not look at them or you went insane. In this game I walked right behind some of them and it didn't seem to matter.This game feels like you are just being walked through (or pushed through) the story. I ended up encountering a game breaking bug after several hours played where I could no longer move my character when I loaded my save file. I maybe could have fixed the issue or gone back an hour to an older save but I didn't care enough and just stopped playing."
,Recommended,239200,23422017,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,alozta,This walking simulator isn't any better than its predecessor but the sounds are 10/10.
,Recommended,239200,23151755,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Paymon,6hrs of easy game.It was not to bad but realy too easy.Soundtrack was good ^_^
,Recommended,239200,23267073,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zurkon,A pretty cool game with possibly the best subtitle ever.
,Recommended,239200,23497288,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Woopie,Not as creepy as Amnesia the dark descent. But still very moody. Graphically not the best though.
76561198012569925,Not Recommended,239200,23499023,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,spore,"Seriously? Seriously... This is a horror game... WITH NO DANGER IN IT. At first the symbolism and relative dread could have carried this game, it certainly is the best thing the chinese room has put out. But that's just because those standards are the lowest you can find out there. You will soon realize that the symbolism wears thin, specially because it's completelly abused. The creepy children that at first look like they can have some sort of twist that makes for a cool narrative element turn out to be simply ghost kids, because that's what amnesia needed, and the god damn pigs AREN'T AN ACTUAL THREAT.I'm not kidding when I say that, if a pig catches you it'll simply carry you somewhere, not kill you, and they appear really scarcily too, meaning that there's nothing, NOTHING, to stop you, AT ALL. It's just a walking simulator, seriously, it's just another walking simulator. They also took away the sanity system, as you have infinite lamps and sanity refills itself incredibly fast so you won't need any potions, they also added regenerating health, because of course they did. Oh and there's also no inventory, because its not even needed, the puzzles are that basic and easy.But ok, lets measure it by THOSE standards... Well then it's symbolism is abused, its story is crap, it misses the mark in most narrative elements, its puzzles are trash, its attempts at scaring you are laughable once you realize that the pigs CAN'T KILL YOU, the ghost kids made me burst out laughing multiple times and even tho, to give credit where credit is due, the machine itself looks interesting at first and even seems alive in later parts of the game... THAT'S LITERALY THE ONLY GOOD PART OF THE GAME, and even then, I'm not talking about the whole thing, as in all the scenery, just the parts where the machine is actually active, which are not even 10% of the bloody thing...As its own thing it's bad, as an Amnesia game its dreadful. Disappointment is all that awaits those who dare buy this stupid thing."
76561198013698621,Not Recommended,239200,23641025,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,All-pig-must-die,"By now we all know this is nothing compare to the dark descent.I force myself into this 3 time before i finaly decide to give it a go and i took about 4 hours to finish, no challenge at all, barely any encounter and it's so easy to avoid death. i literaly didn't die once. Also, they simplified it so much, no inventory, no health or sanity gauge, way less interaction with the world.i would not even recomend it on sales , there is free stuff online that is way better!"
,Recommended,239200,12867363,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"Much better than the original Amnesia. The only thing I hated about it was the fact that it would force you in to slow movement + lucidity graphics effect way too often. Other than that, story, graphics, audio, etc.. are all great. Avoiding enemies doesn't become irritating or a choir. All the puzzles are managable."
76561197985130438,Not Recommended,239200,12940140,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,FEAR,"After playing A Machine for Pigs, I don't really feel like it's worth the measly 4 hours it takes to beat it. I dont understand why the core elements that made The Dark Descent so successful were so underplayed in this sequel. The original had a balanced amount of monster encounters and notes to keep you on your toes and to get immersed in the story. But this sequel feels so dull in comparison. Most of the unique enviorments in the game are nothing more than a place to traverse through with a simple puzzle or two and a dozen pieces of lore.  The way the game tries to get you to follow to story is done so poorly. Instead of picking up notes, books, and parchments every now and again with evading danger in between, this game just assults you with one piece of paper after the next, it got to the point where I got incredibly annoyed seeing yet another piece of lore one the ground 5 mintues after reading the last one. Even after this, I still didn't get the story funny enough. Overall this game really fails to hold a candle to its predecessor. Just play the original if you actually want pay off from a bunch of buildup."
76561198069224857,Not Recommended,239200,12715323,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,organicpeach,i played for four hours. i finished the game. i uninstalled. i forgot about the game. i took a dump. happy days.
76561198056915696,Not Recommended,239200,13317562,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Lime Dealer,"Generally, disapointing. As far as I can tell there isn't any sort of inventory, I had to carry a quest object across one area to the other. There also isn't a defined objective or notebook. I can't remember all the details since its been months since I last played, but the game did not live up to my expectations. The graphics were pretty good though, i'll give them that but the original was much better. The company who made this really dropped the ball on this one"
,Recommended,239200,13641896,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheSinOfMan,"I played villain in first amnesia and I was pleased with how things turned out. This all looked too good to be truth tho. Excelent horror with great atmosphere, litle bit older graphic technology, but who cares, as long as everything else just drives this game into its best.Expect twisted story with smoke and mirrors everywhere you look, and finding yourself enjoying the rollecoaster ride of events which will story itself uncover. Few moments where you play hide and seek, run away (I actually like that fact in amnesia, you cant just kill creatures, you are just ::weak human::) and few figuring out.10/10, would recomend anyone who likes twisted horror stories. I know this game is not for everybody, but those whose find themself in the audience of the game fanclub will definetly enjoy it"
76561198107027463,Recommended,239200,13452677,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheAcidSkull,"It may not be as good as The Dark Descent, but it's atmospheric, intriguing, and story driven."
,Not Recommended,239200,1120214,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,TweeZ,"Bad game, original Amnesia: The Dark Descent was alot better.3 Hours and you have completed the game and there are only few monsters in the whole game.Its just mindless running around, also no looting in this game compared to Dark Descent.1/5 Do not buy."
,Recommended,239200,13347086,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,puluxor,"Short but sweetA Machine for Pigs is more streamlined than the original Amnesia; there's no inventory, health or light resource management, monster encounters are more straightforward dashes instead of hiding, and the intricate physics interactions are conspicuously absent. If you can pick it up (and it's not a chair) it's almost guaranteed to be a puzzle piece.Still, the story is appropriately gruesome and unsettling, if a tad predictable, the atmosphere is tense and the game is not too short but not too long. Definitely the cream of the horror genre."
76561198038685064,Recommended,239200,13342796,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,RESIDENT EVIL 4(AFOWP),well i LOVED amnesia the dark decent and i still do but this is not like it at all sure you have a lantern but wheres the oil theres NONE. at first litte creepy but not that much i had hoped for. if your a fan for amnesia the dark decent like me you well be very disappointed in amnesia a machine for pigs.but is still not bad if you like good story well you well love this game.
76561198084309783,Recommended,239200,20463094,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,huntervshalo,"It is different from the first Amnesia, however it is very good and the story is ver well made. The piggmans aren´t predetermined with mooves like machines, in fact, it is more complicated to avoid them than the first game´s monsters, however there are not as many ecounters on this game. The gameplay is quite the same though there is no inventory. I totally recommend it.We need more games like this."
,Not Recommended,239200,20465898,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,Mean Mr. Mustard's short Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete - 3 hoursPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? NoBest part - Graphics are nice in some areasWorst part - Insanity mechanic missing from The Dark Descent
76561198018352887,Recommended,239200,20495557,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,soviet_unicorn,Even scarier than Luigi's mansion!
,Not Recommended,239200,20386777,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,xDeProfundis,"Compared to the first Amnesia which was the only reason that I even got this one, A Machine for Pigs was very bad.Graphics are rather outdated, the atmosphere was feeling like it is letting you down. And the ""Monster""? As I first saw it I had a god damn laugh about it. I seriously laughed about it and the atmosphere was totally gone so I could rush my way through the game. As they started to even become ""Sci Fi"" I totally lost it.At least the ending is kind of ""Cinematic"" and was cool. Not worth the price."
,Recommended,239200,20388057,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Spartonslayor,"This game is wasome! I recommend this game for anyone who loves horror games but if your looking for the scares from the dark descent your going to be disappointed. The scares are there but after the Chinese room bought it, it wasnt as good as it should be. The Chinese room is great for amazing story's. Bye"
,Recommended,239200,20367881,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Soulmetzger,This game is scary like the first game but gameplay is different enough that i feel it should not carry the Amnesia name. It is still a great game if you want to be scared enough to need breaks to catch your breath.
,Recommended,239200,20379684,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ROCKAS,Not as good as Dark Descent but still pretty frightening.
,Recommended,239200,6147893,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Shy,"As good, if not better, than the first!"
,Not Recommended,239200,20544772,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Slayer_of_2012,"A WALKING SIMULATOR...I game where you find yourself trying really hard to actually get scared, at least for a moment, but you realize that you simply cannot, because the chinese room did what they do, RUINED every single thing they touch.Seriously don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥even if it is... who I'm trying to fool, don't get this♥♥♥♥♥♥even if it is FREE, if had a trash on the library i would get rid of this crap NOW!But don't let this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game upset you, because The Dark Descent worth every single penny, buy it even full price if you can."
,Recommended,239200,5145412,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,GoatPuff,"Not really scary, great story if you can follow it."
,Not Recommended,239200,20017509,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr Balloonicorn,A Victorian-era version of Gone Home.Walk around. Look at monsters from behind glass. Find some stuff that relates to a story.The End.
,Recommended,239200,6976490,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,postlarval,"Not as good as Dark Descent, but close. Pigs has a better story (so far) though."
,Not Recommended,239200,19945941,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ggriffin,"This game immediatly failed to grab my attention, I couldnt even make it past the first area of the game. I was so underwhelmed by the new developer's choice to switch out the satanic psychlogical horror aspects of the first amnesia with the ""creepy"" ghost children. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,239200,21178835,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Gya.,Look's like a self made game mode for to the Dark Descent....
,Not Recommended,239200,8257296,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,donovan did nothing wrong,This was nothing like the original.  It hardly had any scares!  And all and all... I didn't find it that entertaning.
76561197968080868,Not Recommended,239200,17554800,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mudmink,"This game was a poor follow-up to the original Amnesia. They let you see the 'monsters' way too soon in the game, and I quickly became desensitized and not immersed in the story. There were a few jump scares, and the environments were gritty, but I honestly don't have much else to say that's positive."
76561197977189791,Recommended,239200,17450739,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,gearz557,"Not as memorable as the first game. I had to wiki the plot after I beat it to really understand what was going on. Good to waste time, but I wouldnt pay full price for it."
,Recommended,239200,17406415,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,c0mrade,Almost more fun then masturbating with sandpaper 11/10
76561198015496509,Recommended,239200,17171464,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sn4p,Short but good gameplay.
,Recommended,239200,17173304,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,fredde,A great horror game with some nice element of surprise moments!I think the game is not as good as the first Amnesia: The Dark Descent due the lack of stressful feeling when trying to find lamp-oil for the lantern (in A:AMFP the latern can stay active all time without running out of fuel). The game is still worth buying for every horror lover!
,Not Recommended,239200,17130664,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Prodigal Knight,"I was so pumped for this game and pre-ordered it. I loved Amnesia: The Dark Decsent and the entire Penumbra series. This game didn't have the same feel as the others. Some barebone features were removed from this game that the other's before it had, such as the object interaction system, and oil/batteries for the torch. Making pigs enemies seems dumb and I can't quite see where they were going with this game."
,Recommended,239200,17142893,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Grumpy Cat,I recommend this game for whoever wants to get into a sequel of the series but the original one remains the best.
,Not Recommended,239200,17143619,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Darth Fatass,"If you enjoyed those haunted house rides at the carnival as a kid where you ride in a cart shaped like a coffin on a track while spiders and zombies pop up at you with strobe lights and still enjoy those rides to the fullest, if not more today, then by George this is the game for you.This game lays out a very obvious path with poorly designed puzzles. If you look at my library it says 2.7 hours on record. I beat the game. Remember in amnesia where you could pick up everything? Most of the things you can actually pick up are key items. You can't pick up stuff just laying on a table anymore. It's been almost 2 years since I've played this game (I played it on release and finally decided to review it today) and I still remember it as possibly the worst game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,239200,17143896,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Rick Neven,They rode the Amnesia name to release this non-game. Waste :(
,Recommended,239200,16290014,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,WalrusTusks,"Excellent story, very immersive. I would highly recommend this game."
76561198067398449,Recommended,239200,16514579,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hypoxic,I enjoyed playing Machine for Pigs! It had some good scares and the story was intriguing. Creepy atmosphere and chilling music!
76561197973402038,Not Recommended,239200,16481701,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,bara,dark desent was much better
,Recommended,239200,16485217,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gothav,I liked it.
76561198043699566,Recommended,239200,16455798,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ThatDude,"This game is totally different that original Amnesia. Does it make it a bad game, though? Hell no! It's awesome,it has amazing story and atmosphere. Good stuff."
76561198056721924,Recommended,239200,8008725,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,7777,"I would recommend buying this game if you're interested in more of a story-type horror game. However if you're looking for a scary, pee-your-pants game, I would definitely recommend buying the first one, The Dark Descent. This game is good, but not nearly as scary, and is so linear, it's painful. They also got rid of the inventory box, they ditched the oil for the lamps, the tinderboxes, and, in some ways, the sanity meter. The game is very short, seeing as how I finished the game in about 3 hours. I would wait for the game to go on sale, and would not pay 20 bucks for this game."
76561198023370595,Recommended,239200,7694180,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,The Rat Catcher,♥♥♥♥♥Self 2: The ♥♥♥♥♥ening (10/10 story)
76561198008718046,Recommended,239200,7890369,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mr. Have A Nice Day,"Though its moment-to-moment mechanics have been reduced from its predecessor, A:MFP is a worthy successor to what could hopefully be a growing genre of horror. Its new developer has crafted an engrossing and deeply disturbing world for our Mandus to explore, and nothing brings me greater pleasure than bringing this protagonist into the heart of the Machine.7.5/10: Excellent environments and sound design meet a compelling plot that loses some of its focus in the third act. Nevertheless, a powerful experience."
,Recommended,239200,726358,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Owl,"I have mixed feelings with this game. Amnesia TDD was great, a nice horror game with an excellent story. Machine for Pigs just has an excellent story. To be fair, it wasn't even developed by the people who made TDD.  Im sure if it had a bit more of a scare factor it would be great.I do recommend it though, It's a really cool interactive story."
,Recommended,239200,7823189,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,b0ogie,"Good game, although I prefer The Dark Descent. The horror in this wasn't as great as the earlier game too..."
76561198041536650,Recommended,239200,7825325,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,WiseauWonderShow [Goon Squad],"Though it's missing many of the key elements that made Amnesia so popular and downright freaky, the story was still thought provoking and the encounters with the enemies remained scary up until the ending, which did not let me down."
,Recommended,239200,7524086,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Frater Nagelbett,"Oh man. Another one of these titles that receives vay too much vitriol for it's focus on atmosphere and storytelling instead of challenge. But the challenge in this one lays not in gameplay or puzzles, it lays in the mind. The horridness of this game eats at you, it's implications gnawing at your insides while you play. The incredible soundtrack and voice acting haunting you. There is no joy in this game, no relief, only an intense feeling of crushing dread. Needless to say, I loved it."
,Not Recommended,239200,7827229,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,LSx,"Amnesia... when I think of Amneisa I think of ""The Dark Descent"" NOT  this game. Amnesia A Machine for pigs or what I like to call it AAMFP, is a good game. The story line is great, the atmosphere is spooky and the game is still trying to grab onto its original game. but thats the problem its TRYING, AAMFP is nothing like the first game, it took ideas and other things that people liked about the dark descent and said ""NOPE WE DONT WANT THAT"" and it kinda just messed up the whole Idea of amneisa. the game is not terrible but it doesnt deserver the amniesa name if you want a horror game and are new to horror games, you can get this because the story is nice. but if you want a amneisa sequeal... I guess you are gonna have to wait :\"
76561198120480810,Recommended,239200,8378925,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Renata Mohr,"I have mixed feelings about this one. Its plot isn't nearly as interesting as TDD's, but the game is still entertaining if you enjoy solving puzzles and running away from monsters. By the way, ""monsterswise"", I got the feeling that I was playing one game for the first few hours, then another for the last few. I also missed a lot the tinderboxes and the lack of an inventory. But as I've said before, it can still be fun for the right audience... Just don't expect another TDD (it's not)."
,Recommended,239200,18865684,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,JaggedMallard,"While not as good as The Dark Descent, A:aMfP is still a great horror game, it mostly relies on atmosphere and the story for scares as the actual patrolling monsters are a lot rarer than they should be and despawn if you manage to avoid detection for long. I'd still recommend it if as a horror game but the full price of £14.99 is a bit too steep for the amount of content in it."
,Not Recommended,239200,18884285,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Sentient strips of bacon stalking you through darkened corridors with various forms of cutlery would have been creepier.Ok, after playing through all 3.5 hrs of this game (yeah, it literally is that short....and pointless, but more on that a little later) all I have to say is WTF!? So much doesn't make sense about this game that I don't even know where to begin. Granted, some of the scripting is rather colorful and quite morbid at times and some of the environments are ominous, but all that aside the plot essentially cannibalizes itself and ends up not making a lot of sense in the end.  So some guy saw some stuff in Mexico about humanity and the human condition in the present (1899 and thereabouts) and how cultures from the past apparently had the right idea with sacrifices and whatnot, and so this all gets him thinking that we are all just pigs...um....and that he needs to make a machine that turns us (I likely don't have this right, but after playing this you'd understand why) into manpigs - that doesn't give him the right to do the things that he did do and will do and does do...um...while you're(he) is playing through the game while trying to find his two sons (that he apparently loves though they were kept up in the attic).Anyhoo, the beginning in the house is probably the best part as it's so ominous and is vaguely reminiscent of the glory that was The Dark Descent (and that was throughout its entirety).  Sadly, that is one thing this game is not - an Amnesia game.  As a follow up game to TDD, AMFP is utterly pointless and shouldn't even have 'Amnesis' in its title.  It's way too short and pathetically easy on top of that (I don't understand how this game normally goes for $20 - even knowing I picked it up for less than $5 makes me feel like I was overcharged).  No joke, I only died twice, once by a manpig and it was cheap as it was unexpected and again when I got too close to a ledge and fell 5 feet to my death.  The puzzles really aren't even puzzles, rather, they function as environmental objects to interact with occasionally.  So yeah, this is not a 'thinking man's' game and the manpigs themselves aren't even that scary.In the end this just feels like a game that shouldn't be and the reality is that it would have functioned far better as a demo for a longer/more complete game than the end result.  DO NOT BUY unless you love games with pigs(bacon) and must own every game that has even the slightest bit of a horror element in it."
76561198089143775,Not Recommended,239200,18901272,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,techninja2024,"I believe that the producers of the Amnesia series were suffering from amnesia when they made this game, because it is not even a shadow of The Dark Descent. This game does not grip you with horror the same way that The Dark Descent did. The enemies are slower moving, slower to attack, fewer in number, and weaker. The entire storyline was weak. If you, like me, enjoy a good horror game, you will not find it here."
,Recommended,239200,18940206,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Urithor,Good creepy adventure game and nice music too 8/10.
76561198052586487,Recommended,239200,5597525,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Nergal,mouhahaha
76561198088580573,Not Recommended,239200,18937638,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,sirvinesmbh,"Great atmosphere and a few well crafted scares for the first three or four levels.  After this the game becomes a real chore to complete.  The early game does well to generate a mystery and horror around the factory, but once the story reveals itself a little it loses it's appeal and you find yourself racing through dank tunnels and dimly lite hallways solving banal puzzles until the anticlimatic end.The game is short but still manages to outstay it's welcome.  I can't reccomend this game.  It promises a lot but ultimately doesn't deliver.  Might be worth playing through the first few levels if you can get it cheap, but ditch it once you get to the sewers."
,Recommended,239200,29320444,Posted: 17 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,Spooky oink. 5/6
,Recommended,239200,2122123,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,yavai,前作みたいな恐怖を期待してはいけない
,Recommended,239200,28912581,Posted: 1 January,all,EnjoyCoke,I made it all the way upstairs and then forgot why I wanted to die.10/10 would get stuck in a virtual bathroom forever again. Some time next year. Not now.
76561198117148250,Recommended,239200,30029356,Posted: 19 February,all,LIL PUMP E$K33TIT,Good for the most part
,Recommended,239200,29977467,Posted: 16 February,all,brick,"Great speed runner, which makes it fun. There's also alot to see and get distracted by."
,Recommended,239200,29657167,Posted: 2 February,all,archdeco,"I love the writing but Pinchbeck loves the word ""loam"" too much for my liking. Can't trust a man that loves ""loam""."
76561198011914349,Recommended,239200,29656211,Posted: 2 February,all,Lance of Arabia,Ever wanted to blast hordes of manpigs into oblivion with your shotgun?Do you want to steal a shhhit ton of loot?Want to travel through time to change the future?Did you want to split the atom and raise hell?Do you yearn to hear the manpigs singing after dark?Well don't buy this game then because you can't do any of that. Its just walking and reading.
76561198070497569,Recommended,239200,29951538,Posted: 15 February,all,TheEffectTheCause,"All i can be sure of is that this game is definitley worth playing! But if you want my take on the story...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Its about a man who has put his whole life in to his work, had no time for family and friends and in return has gained nothing of value and lost everything of."
,Not Recommended,239200,29725205,Posted: 5 February,all,Ester,"It took me 3 hours to beat this game when it came out. It wasn't scary at all. Jumpscares and scripted♥♥♥♥♥♥to make you go ""Oh no let me walk at a casual pase to get away and be calm."" They took an amazing start of a series and turned it to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I tried to replay it at some point and got so bored. Do not waste your money, go buy Amnesia: The Dark Descent if you want a true good Amnesia game."
,Recommended,239200,24438262,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Dziewiąty,"Kinda short and poor gameplay, not so scary and stressful as The Dark Descent, but storyline and atmosphere is way better. Don't buy it if you are looking for frightening horror. But if you want a game with deep and philosophical story along with dark and terrifying atmosphere, you will love this game."
,Recommended,239200,24438945,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,David0vić,"I enjoyed my experience with a machine with pigs because I found it very intriguing throughout the whole experience. It has so many problems and it is a major step back from the original. However I was thoroughly entertained and always wanted to keep progressing to see what new ideas they would throw out in the level design and the visuals.  It’s a horror game that fails at being scary. The loud jumpscares rarely ever made me jump and the man pig chasing you throughout the game was more of a nuisance than a scary threat. The atmosphere is quite nice but there is no sense of exploration because the game is a very linear corridor and the only way to progress is always just to go straight. This removes the scare factor completely because you know the way to escape is just to keep moving forward. The opened up level design in the original is gone so there is no reason to look around and explore for items to help you survive because they removed the survival aspect of the original as well. They removed most of the features that made the original unique like the sanity meter or inventory and supply management. It’s overall just a very limiting experience because there is barely any interaction with the world, it’s a heavily scripted game. Even though it wasn’t scary it did do a good job of building atmosphere with the visual design and sound design like certain sound effects and the soundtrack. I did enjoy going through the linear levels because I found them interesting and the story is decent just like the original. I enjoyed the simplicity of the puzzles because there were times where the original was very vague in its solutions and I didn’t feel like experiencing complex puzzles again like in the original which was nice. I think it’s worth trying out as long as you have your expectations in check.6/10 (Decent)"
76561198003853492,Not Recommended,239200,24225702,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Adyman,"well, i played this from start to finish, but didnt quite like it. just a few good moments.As a big first Amnesia fan, this is a bad game. If this game wasn't called Amnesia, still a bad game, too many pipes in this game :)"
,Recommended,239200,29728833,Posted: 5 February,all,Hella Spidermom,"If you're looking for an expansion on the things Frictional capitalized on in the first Amnesia, you might be a little disappointed. A Machine for Pigs is a great game, but not as terrifying as the first. That being said, this one took me for a ride, the story was gripping, the levels foreboding and the gameplay itself is just on point.Frictional Games knows their♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to developing a great horror game. The atmosphere is always delightfully unsettling, the mechanics smooth as glass and you're always hesitant to see what's around the next corner. But you can't resist.This is one you can't miss, it's shocking, disturbing and deliciously horrifying down to the last drop."
,Recommended,239200,29230323,Posted: 13 January,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineAmnesia: A Machine for Pigs is the sequel to the horror game that started it all is developed not by Frictional Games but by The Chinese Room, popular for their previous game, Dear Esther and published by Frictional GamesAmensia: A Machine for Pigs is a first person horror/adventure game that focuses a lot more on the story instead of intense horror unlike Amnesia: The Dark Decent. There aren't a whole lot of encounters with enemies, and when there are, they are usually far between eachother, and for most parts not as intense and scary as the one's you faced in the previous Amnesia gameThis is not necessarily a bad thing. Throughout the game you're surrounded by a very well executed dark and eerie atmosphere that comes to life thanks to well done sound design, creepy mansions, alleys and basements, and some very neatly placed events like the entire mansion starting to shake, children running by at the end of the corridor to just vanish in thin air, the re-apperance of a specific pig mask, and much moreJust like the previous game Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs includes a few puzzles you have to solve to progress in the gameOverall the game is worth a buy, but I strongly encourage you purchase it during a sale. It's a good game for those of you who may not be a huge fan of extremely scary games filled with jumpscares, or those of you who enjoys a story-driven experience with minimal complications and lack of actionTo say that Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is a huge step-down from Amnesia: The Dark Decent is not an easy task because the way they plays are familiar yet very different, and it all goes down to each individuals prefered taste in games. If you like intense chases, the fear of darkness, being paranoid and on your toes then Amnesia: The Dark Decent is defenitely superiorBut if you enjoy a more story-drive game that doesn't require you looking over your shoulder every thirty seconds then this one is for you.Be aware that the game does have the tendency of crashing from time to time, so if you haven't manually saved then you may be in for a bad time of having to re-play hours of gameplay and overall the game is really well made and I have encountered no issues, the only thing I would complain about is sometimes the small dips in framerate, and it certainly isn't my graphics card (GeForce GTX 1080) and also the enemies AI can be stupid and run into walls or the environmentAmnesia: A Machine for Pigs is certainly a mixed bag for some but looking at it as not related to the Amnesia series then I would say, yes it is a good game, but since it is related to the Amnesia series, I would say it is a mixed bag...RECOMMENDED :)"
,Not Recommended,239200,29915740,Posted: 13 February,all,ANT. / billisdead,"Compared to the exstremely clever gameplay of the first episode by Frictional Games, this ""experience"" more than a game, is obviously disappointting. Especially when you notice that the elements of gameplay from the first have been wiped out. The whole thing about resolving riddles under a lot of stress, madness and stealth altogether ... gone. The other main point is that the music, as powerful and beautiful as it is, is way too much present. And I can say that it is actually eating all the game which is supporting the music and not the other way around.... When you figured out, that in every The Chinese Room Games, you will actually see a long interactive video clip for Jessica Curry's soundtracks, you will go there knowingly, or step away."
,Not Recommended,239200,13375671,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,מטסﬣ,"Boring, Monotonus, dull, linear complete with authentic microstutter, nausious inducing bloom.  Complete garbage - AVOID"
76561198313379879,Recommended,239200,30063108,Posted: 20 February,all,Vex,"Wake up, Mr. Mandus. Wake up and smell the ashes.'Tis year 1899, the dawn of a new century approaches as Oswald Mandus who stands between it needs to act fast and decisively because there might be some dreadful consequences at stake, unlike anyone would have imagined.Even though the overall perspective regarding this game varies from player to player, the atmosphere and the short yet amazing philosophical tale of the game can easily compete with its predecessor's mediaeval plot; it even connects with its narrative with some minor story segments, suggesting that the events portrayed in this game belong to the same universe as its predecessor. The tag ""Walking Simulator"" fitsAmnesia: A Machine for Pigsperfectly as it is more story focused than anything else, like monster encounters for example, even though the game employs these too, not as strongly asAmnesia: The Dark Descentthat is, but still enough and at the right time. Proof of the developer's dedication towards an excellent story stands the removal of the sanity meter and inventory, thus simplifying the gameplay and focusing even more on the narrative. In addition, expect a magnificent and chilling soundtrack, which befits the Victorian era's vibe ofAmnesia: A Machine for Pigs.The atmosphere fused together with the excellent and mind-boggling story makesAmnesia: A Machine for Pigsa trek through the bowels of hell itself, the ""descent"" being yet again the prominent element encompassing the narrative."
76561198114677944,Recommended,239200,31285186,Posted: 21 April,all,𝓢𝓵𝓾𝓼𝓱𝔂,"Let me only put this in a couple words, the story. Holy balls. I had myself playing through the majority of it thinking... but at the end.. getting... just. My feelings are confused here and I love it."
,Recommended,239200,31287439,Posted: 21 April,all,Jerry,"Less scary, more story driven. If you're into that, I would recommend."
76561198073050877,Not Recommended,239200,12226387,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Crusty Jugglers,Get Dark Descent/SOMA instead. This game isn't fun or scary or immersive. It's the 300: Rise of an Empire of video games.
76561198074927243,Recommended,239200,31256619,Posted: 20 April,all,Bram Stoker,7.5/10
76561198036641619,Recommended,239200,31361746,Posted: 25 April,all,Rusty,"It's not a bad game by any means but it's missing that whole ""Classic Amnesia"" feel to it."
,Recommended,239200,27575909,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lorster,"One of best stories i've ever experienced.It's not really scary, after an hour there's nothing that made me scared. At the end, i think Chinese Room completely stopped trying to be scary. But atmosphere is incredible, story is horrifying, dialogues are amazing and best is the music.Jessica Curry made one of best soundtrtacks i've ever heard.I understand disappointment if someone expected a game as scary as The Dark Descent, but A Machine for Pigs, as it's own is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,239200,32276338,Posted: 8 June,all,Zockerx96,"Yes, it's short, not very scary, to simple and overall inferior to ATDD. But I enjoyed it anyway, cause of the emotional story, which is a big advantage of the game."
,Recommended,239200,32243534,Posted: 7 June,all,Wesker_Hawke,"Even though there is ""Amnesia"" in the title, it's just because it shares the same universe as the first. By removing the inventory and the sanity system (no light management), the game is quite different (and ""feels"" like Amnesia only due to the engine being the same).This game is more narrative, the story is, in my opinion, better than the first one, the notes written verbosely are a plus for me, the music is good and some moments are really well done (the ending for example).The game is still scary, even though there are less threats, but is quite short.All in all, it is an enjoyable experience, but don't consider the Amnesia in the title (except for the lore) while playing it..."
,Not Recommended,239200,4957011,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,"Dick Faggotson, Anal Avenger","Direct downgrade from the first game. Don't get this game until you really feel like it. But the first game was alot better, though."
,Recommended,239200,7667363,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,[Kacho],"Considerably better writing and music than in Amnesia: The Dark Descent. It's an hour or two shorter than the original game, but the variety of enemies, encounters, progression and visuals are very enjoyable. The biggest weakness is the lack of gameplay, continuing from the first. Very little interaction to perform, it's pretty much just a walking simulator that's only good for story."
76561198064428335,Recommended,239200,32952121,Posted: 28 June,all,Victoria,"Not as panic-inducingly scary as The Dark Descent, but still good. Very well-written storyline, great voice acting and soundtrack, and some really horrific ideas and imagery. However, it's quite short so I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it."
,Recommended,239200,33144632,Posted: 2 July,all,Dismer,"Amnesia: A Machine for pigs is a beautiful horror game with great enemy and level design! However I will say without spoiling it, the ending is very abrupt and anticlimactic so keep that in mind while playing."
,Recommended,239200,33206906,Posted: 3 July,all,Delta_MoO,"I think that this game gets a bad rep because of the success of its predecessor. I think most of us can  agree that The Dark Descent was a masterpiece and I still havent found a game that was even close to as great of a horror game as that one, but A Machine for Pigs is by no means a bad game. It has a great story and a life lesson on how wealth can turn you into a monster. Not the greatest game ever made, but a good one nonetheless.7.5/10"
76561198060757193,Recommended,239200,33692462,Posted: 21 July,all,0ce$ha,great game with♥♥♥♥♥♥memories
76561198064240260,Not Recommended,239200,8240668,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OldPapa,"There are so many things wrong with this game. Go buy the first one, because this is a f***ing joke. I have played some bad games, but this is at the damn bottom. Don't waste 20$ bucks on this trash, just go buy the first one. Now that one is amazing, but I am not reviewing that one now am I? Frictional Games is probably the best horror game companies out there, but this. THIS is not a f***ing horror game. This is that piece of dog s*** that you find on your lawn! Frictional Games, if you read this, please fix the countless amount of problems in the next one, or if you plan to make another one. It will be hard to recover from though. Ya I want to buy a game that I'll spend 20$ on and then never use it. If I wanted that then I just would have went out and bought the new COD game. If you need help with knowing what is wrong with this, here is a list:-Bad story-Hardly any scares-Living up to the first one was hard, but aren't you supposed to at LEAST try to make it better-Like I said up there, it's f***ing 4 hours long. What do you do after that? Sit there at the loading screen untill custom stories are added?-NO F***ING CUSTOM STORIES!!!-The ending made no sence at all, and trust me, I've seen some bad endings and this probably tops all of them offI could still go on and on and on, but I also need to discuss something else. I heard a rumor that FG let The Chinese Room do most making of the game so that they may focus on another game that they are in the process of making unrelated to the Amnesia series. If that is true, NEVER LET THAT HAPPEN AGAIN. WHOEVER IN THE F*** MADE THIS GAME NEEDS TO GET THEIR S*** TOGETHER. IF THERE IS ANOTHER GAME MADE LIKE THIS... THIS GAME IS JUST SLOPPY. ""Oh, yes we did improve our graphics and deprived everything else of the game,"" said FG. THAT IS BASICLLY WHAT YOU ARE DOING HERE GUYS. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DO NOT SPEAK OF THIS GAME AGAIN. DO NOT EVEN LOOK AT THE GAME TITLE AGAIN. I will just act like this game never exsisted if the next one is much better. Sorry, FG, I am a huge fan, but this game is a giant hunk of s***. Thank you for taking your time to read this."
,Recommended,239200,33560209,Posted: 15 July,all,TheMazeGunner,"Not as good as the first Amnesia, but still a nice game that is worth playing.Nothing for the faint-hearted."
,Recommended,239200,33547980,Posted: 14 July,all,Gehn,"So let me first state that of the two Amnesia games, this one is, by far, definitely my favorite.  That being said, the arguments made against it are completely understandable.This game is more of a walking simulator than a horror survival like the first one was.  It doesn't have many puzzles as the first one, the insanity and health mechanics have been pretty much been done away with, and the game doesn't have many scary moments (as in jump-scares and trying to sneak past enemies).  If you're looking for more survival gameplay and puzzles, you won't really find them here.What it does have, for me at least, is a very disturbing atmosphere/theme, creepy soundtrack, and enticing story.  I find the industrial atmosphere and haunting music of this game more horrifying than the dark castle from the previous game and the story overall just feels like it has a bit more grit and to it.  It's scary, but scary as in an uncomfortable feeling that lingers with you after you quit.  But again, that's my opinion, and most would probably disagree.If you're a die-hard fan of the first game, want to be scared crazy, and/or don't care for walking simulators, I'd probably advise against getting this one.  If you're not really sure if you want it or not, I'd say wait till it's on sale and then try it.  But if you're not opposed to the different game style, and like the idea of the industrial setting, I'd say go for it."
,Not Recommended,239200,7331176,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Crêpe Tête,"Amnesia, a Machine for Pigs has a lot to live up to. Being the successor of the immensely popular Amnesia, The Dark Descent, it has some high expectations to meet. Unfortunately, it doesn’t.Being the second entry in the series, it has the disadvantage of always being compared to the first game, which is a shame, because as a standalone title, it would’ve been alright. The story is actually quite decent and told to you in a good way using some pretty believable voice acting and notes for the players that like to dive deeper. And even though the game is a bit short, I didn’t get the feeling that it was rushed or that it ended abruptly. It wasn’t a masterpiece either but it did get the job done.The gameplay itself isn’t anything revolutionary. It takes a lot from the previous game, and mixes some little things up. The lantern doesn’t need refills anymore, something that a lot of people like. And while it does take away the small annoyance of having to worry about your light source, it also hurts the horror/survival idea of resource management and the fear of running out of oil when you’re being chased. This was one of the many reasons why the first game was so much more scary. Another reason is that even when you’re being chased, the monsters didn’t scare me as much as the Gatherers in the Decent. The same goes for the environment, the sound design and the atmosphere. It was a little unsettling in the first few hours, but simply didn’t hit the same scary sweet spot as the Dark Descent did for me. But please keep in mind that this is simply personal preference and experience. You might have a way scarier experience than I did, which is fine. But I think we can both agree that this game just isn’t as scary as its predecessor.This game just isn’t a good Amnesia game. It is not as terrifying, not as engaging and not as enjoyable as the first one and left me pretty underwhelmed. In my opinion, it would have been better off as a standalone (thriller) game, because it has little to do with the original Amnesia game. But since it’s blatantly obvious that this really is an Amnesia game, I will judge it by those standards. It doesn’t do much that The Dark Decent hasn’t done better. And for 20 euros it’s just not worth it. Even when you’re looking for a more thriller-like game. Buy/replay the original if you’re looking for a true horror experience, only get this one in a sale at best."
76561198134909744,Not Recommended,239200,33770019,Posted: 24 July,all,VampiricDirewolf,"Not as enjoyable as Amnesia: A Dark Descent. Very few of the monsters actually can kill you and overall it wasn't enjoyable. The only upside to it is that the story was decent and ending was unpredictable, although it was very similar to the story in A Dark Descent."
,Recommended,239200,33909215,Posted: 30 July,all,apophis13,"Total Score:  56/100, C (You don't scare me!  Work on it!)Graphics and Art:  5Sound and Music:  9Story and Plot:  6Controls:  5Creativity and Uniqueness:  6Mood and Immersion:  7Length, Content, and Replayability:  3Functionality:  10Character Choice and Customization:  2Challenge:  3Let's go back, Jack, and do it again!  If you liked Amnesia:  The Dark Descent, then, well, it sucks to be you, because most of the things to really like about it were removed or watered down in Amnesia, Part II, ""That's a lot of machine, all right!""  Yes, I know, I'm giving this a thumbs up, because that's what my numbers say, but I promise you, it's just barely.  And, really, you should play this game, but just barely, so I think it all works out.  OK, so, first, the good.  The sound is fantastic.  While it's a little obvious that they were limited in the sound content they were able to make, we have to give a shout out for outstanding implimentation.  The sound really helps to set the mood, drive the immersion, and it is, quite frankly, more important to the player than what you see, in most cases, and this is something really nice to see in a game, where the expectation is that graphics is at the forefront.  OK, so, yeah, the graphics.  Well, they are ok, and the first few levels are pretty interesting, but it becomes quickly obvious that they only created so many graphical assets and just reused them over and over and over to the point that it becomes distracting from the game.  Yes, we all know how this works, but we need to put SOME limits on it, or it really does start to hamper enjoyment.  Also, the machine parts (where you'll be spending most of the game), become boring quick and just, well, stay that way.  That said, there are some decent effects here and there, but they aren't quite enough to really immerse the player as they should.  This game just isn't scary, and the weak effort on visuals is a big part of why.  ""The Dark Decent"" did much, much better at this.  But, this is a game that pins itself on the plot, right?  Well, I've got more disappointing news, because the hollow, shallow plot will be fully understood in less than an hour of play, and all of the further reveals will just dully confirm what the player already knows.  The plot's ok, though...certainly better than the vast majority of popular games, but still, you just, well, expect more.  So, well, how does it play?  The challenge just isn't there enough to maintain the tension.  The puzzles are so easy a cave man could solve them, and the monsters just don't harass you or threaten you enough to keep the pressure on.  The player feels as though they are just waltzing through, looking at dark scenary, and solving obvious puzzles among a plot that you already know.  Altogether, this experience just isn't what it should be overall, kind of making me wonder if Chinese Room isn't another one-hit-wonder of the gaming world.  I hope not, though, because there's definitely some major inspiration behind all of this.  They CAN do better;  let's just hope that, in the future, they do.  Then there's a heaping helping of blah, blah, blah, we're British and we like Socialism, blah, blah, blah.  You'll get bored of that pretty quick as well :\  Now, don't get me wrong; it's impressive and interesting any time developers attempt to tackle philosophical issues, but the game goes out of its way to referrence the upcoming horrors of the 20th century, then seems to embrace the ideological force that murdered around 300 million people in the 20th century (where are these peoples' history teachers?).  Then it asks the question, left open ended, sort of, of whether humanity should be able to exist at all (which is great for a horror game, if inconsistent).  That last part (ie, the intellectual absurdity and confusion) is all totally cool with me, though, as crazy artists often create good art, especially when designing works wrapped around insanity and horror.  Thus, again, here's to forgetting this game just like Highlander 2 and a brighter future for Chinese Room:)"
,Recommended,239200,33842562,Posted: 27 July,all,DarkDragon890,"Wasn't sure what to expect from this game. I lived streamed it despite it being my first time playing it and I have to admit it was actually pretty nice. Some sections of the game were a bit long with no real events happening though. It feels like you are more on a tour of a meat factory than anything else. The ending sort of felt tacked on. Like a last minute idea for the story.Nice game to play if it's your first time. After that, meh...."
76561198142617396,Recommended,239200,33916885,Posted: 30 July,all,Celery Stick,"Very good story, the character models in the game are not very good but the atmosphere makes up for it. The voice acting is much better than the dark descent but the dark descent is still the best Amnesia game to me."
76561198018490549,Recommended,239200,33838770,Posted: 27 July,all,Voidwalker,"Amnesia: A Machine for pigs isn't a bad game, and offers some stunning visuals and nice jump scares, but it suffers heavily from being the follow-up to an excellent game sharing the Amnesia name.Like its predecessor, A Machine for Pigs focuses around exploring an (almost) abandoned abode of a madman, and dealing with said madman hellish plans. Like the first game, this one is all about solving riddles, avoiding enemies, and thereby advancing through the game.However, Amnesia: A Machine for pigs abandons several of the important elements that made the first game such a hit, namely the sanity, the inventory and the ressource management. Sadly, the game is poorer for this. The first game always  presents a sadistic choice: do you use your lantern and tinderboxes to light the way, thus reducing sanity loss and making navigation easier, but also risking discovery and running out at crucial points, or do you conserve your items and make the game harder for yourself? In addition to that, hiding requires darkness, and darkness drains your sanity,Amnesia: A Machine for pigs, give you an electric torch that never runs out, and no torches can be lit. That takes away the effect of exploring. Amnesia: The Dark Descent always rewarded careful exploration, and sometimes it was worth sneaking by a monster to get some additional stuff. In AMfP, there's just no reason to look around safe for maybe one or two additional notes.Also, the enemies in AMfP aren't all that dangerous or numerous. Since you don't lose sanity, you can keep them in your sight always, and if ned be simply outrun them, in the few areas they actually pose any dangers.It's still a good game, and maybe I would have viewed it more favourably, but it just pales in comparison to the first game. It certainly has its moments, and the game really nails the creepy vibe that some of these Victorian factories can give of, but it had the pontential for more."
,Recommended,239200,33973176,Posted: 2 August,all,tenchimuyo1990,"Is the game scary? I found the begining frightening and was very tense. But i felt that fear was gone by the end.If you really want a frightening game, something to just increase your heart rate, id go for outlast, but A Machine for Pigs offers something else.Following the troupe of--you guessed it--amnesia, you awake to a mystery to solve. With phonograph recordings, bits of paper with notes, and a mysterious voice calling on the phone to you, you piece things together slowly, but surely.The game is best played for the human experience and may have you ask yourself some unique questions. Questions about redemption, if humans deserve their fate, their lives, or their planet. When is a kill mercy?The gameplay is meh, but does offer to enhance the narrative some.tldr; the narrative is interesting, but the gameplay is a bit lacking, nor is the game very frightening except maybe the first half."
,Recommended,239200,34091040,Posted: 7 August,all,Marshma11ow,"This game got a lot of hate when it first came out. Sure, it's not as horrifying as the first Amnesia game, but, as a horror enthusiest, I really enjoyed it and would still recommend it."
,Recommended,239200,15756659,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mister Skeleton,It's like Dark Souls with pigs
76561198034746983,Not Recommended,239200,10227638,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,The Jester,the first enemy in the game is a 2ft tall pig that stands on his hind legs and he hits you with a staffAKA dont buy this game if you actually want to get scared♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239200,13778815,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cyril,"No jokes. This game is just a bad sequel.I can't recommend this game as a successor to Amnesia TDD. The feel is very different from the original, obviously, since it was developed by Chinese Room. There aren't many good puzzles, half of the monster encounters are scripted nonsense, it also lag spikes constantly no matter what setup you have due to bad sound design(?) (it loads each sound effect on the spot, from what I can tell) And it's also very short. The Dark Descent gave me 15 hours of gameplay, I played through this twice and it only gave me 4 hours of gameplay per playthrough. The story is 'acceptable', and pretty dark if you're into that sort of♥♥♥♥♥♥ although only people that really take their time to absorb themself into the nonsense of pig metaphors will understand. Which, isn't really worth the time, to be honest. It's not all that good anyway. 6/10, Buy it if you're a hardcore fan of the series, Frictional's games or the HPL engine!"
,Recommended,239200,34547494,Posted: 28 August,all,danni,"Possible spoilers...I don't understand this game. From what I can gather it follows a man called Mandus who writes notes like he's Dr Suess or something and scatters them everywhere. Anyways, Mandus at some point sees the two world wars in his sons future and decides to kill his sons to save them from it (and possibly his wife? not sure but she's dead anyway). Then he hatches a big plan to build a machine that will turn humans into pig hybrids (or pigs into human hybrids?) so on the last night of the century they can go out kill everyone thus saving the world from the world wars? But at some point he has a change of heart and decides to sabotage his own diety-like machine. Then he gets Amnesia? (not sure how that happened but it did, I don't think it's ever explained) and the machine tricks him into hatching his own plan anyway. Also, why are there kids toys scattered everywhere if they died years previously? And are we expected to believe that Mandus built this machine himself? Maybe there is something I missed?Anyway. This game seems to take itself very seriously and the solid production shows it. I found no bugs and the graphics and audio work shone. Regretfully, when compared to Amnesia Dark Descent, this game isn't as good. The scares aren't really there, the pig monsters aren't that scary. Later in the game you encounter some electricity being which freaked me a bit but the encounters were too short and too close to the end. The puzzles are very simple. In fact, they shouldn't really be called puzzles. And the plot is just.... meh. There's too many questions in my head. Like such.Why was the water splashing monster there out of The Dark Descent? In the sewer levels when you're not even meant to go in the water, it's down there splashing away. Or is that a drowning pig monster? I read something about Mandus being able to keep things in a constant state of dying or something, but either way, it made no sense.Why were there screams and moans down there? In the Dark Descent, you're in a giant castle, people are getting tortured, it's grim times. Other than the pigs, there was nothing but machines in the Mandus complex. Using those sounds made no sense in my mind.WHY THE HELL WERE THERE KIDS TOYS EVERYWHERE? For foreshadowing? Bit weak if you ask me.Why and how did Mandus get amnesia? Who was closing the door upon the game's start if it was all the machine's doing? Who was in that coffin in the end? (possibly his wife at a guess?) I got more sense out of Bioshock upon my first play and that has a much more complex plot. What am I missing?Anyway, I do recommend this game. It was a fun play and deffo not a bad game. Just when pitted against Amnesia: The Dark Descent, it doesn't favour well. The Dark Descent has a better plot, better scares and better puzzles."
76561198074015244,Recommended,239200,34648453,Posted: 31 August,all,Yellowcab the Hunter,"Review for ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" (PC):------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I don't really think that this game was all that bad. For most people who dissagree with me, fell free to click the not helpful button right now, but this is just my appinion, alright?Anyways, on to the review:So please note that this is almost NOTHING at all like ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"".Missing features that I've noticed:-Tinder Boxes-Oil (witch obviously means that you're lantern will NEVER run out)-Sanity-You're freaking inventory!-Hiding spotsI think it would still be recognized as an Amnesia game, but I really would've liked to see those things from TDD in this game.I've played thru the game for start to finish, and hear are the pros and cons (and pro-cons) about this game that I would like to put down on the table:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROS::-Some suspenful and creepy survival parts in the game-Neat story-Atmosphere is decent-Smooth controls-Sountrack and voice acting is pretty good!-I didn't need to look up any walkthroughs at all, but the game's puzzles are still okay-Temporary sale (85% off!)PRO-CONS::-No hiding spots, but I haven't really needed any in the game for the most part-Lantern doesn't run out-Kinda few monster encounters-Graphics are alittle bit datedCONS::-Some glitches here and there (and a game breaking one) encountered in my playthrough-No sanity level-Some of the paintings in the game are just plain un-nessesary------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So, over all, a pretty good survival horror experience. Like I said before, I don't really think it was all that bad. Surely not the best horror/puzzle game I've ever played, and definitly not as good as TDD, but I think it was still worth my time and money. Try getting it when it's on sale, though.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Final verdict for ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"" (PC):______| 7.2/10 |  Good---------"
76561198066032875,Not Recommended,239200,34642031,Posted: 31 August,all,Insane Velvet Moon,"Good concept, badly executed. not nearly as good as the first. the lantern is infinite, tinderboxes are no longer a thing. they made it too easy."
76561198031256739,Not Recommended,239200,34979841,Posted: 15 September,all,Kunavi,"Finished it once hoping for some significant connection to the previous game, never looked back. Forgettable. It wasn't what I expected if I'm being honest; Took a bit for the scary stuff to start happening, then it quickly became dull and they did nothing to improve on the impact of putting your character's sanity to the test. Perhaps I expected way more. Just buy the first Amnesia instead."
,Recommended,239200,7259420,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Jackal,"Though some features of The Dark Descent have been sacrificed to give way to more focus on the story, I would say A Machine For Pigs is a good game with atmosphere, a diamond in the rough, etc. It's worth giving a chance, especially if you liked The Dark Descent and Justine."
,Recommended,239200,35047303,Posted: 18 September,all,neko`,"A tough one to review. I certainly enjoyed my time with MFP. The environments are outstanding. There's not much ""game"" here, it's more like an experience that you move through. I was OK with the lack of ""active challenges"", there were a few to get the pulse going, but overall it's more about experiencing this thing.If you're a patient person who loves stories in the ""Lovecraftian"" vein, then I'd recommend this. If you're some millennial with the attention span of your social media feed, then give it a miss.Take your time with it, soak up the atmosphere.My only complaint was the performance, sometimes the game dropped to 40fps for a while (rest of the time it's capped out at 60)."
,Recommended,239200,34816012,Posted: 8 September,all,mitzoche,Great atmosphere. Creepy.It's mostly just walking. No puzzles or fight scenes.
76561198040569720,Not Recommended,239200,17874490,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PhantasosK,"I was very disappointed with this game, had high expectaions for it after playing ""Amensia: The Dark Descent"". Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to like it, it wasn't as nearly as good."
,Recommended,239200,35312981,Posted: 29 September,all,RayParker,Short but a very fun game! It's also lot easier then the other Amnesia game so it's a great starting place.
