user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198141211956,Recommended,239250,32745423,Posted: 24 June,all,orionali,"I'm three years late with this review.Pros:First off, thank God, the sequel's more keyboard-friendly thanLoS1. Remember the forced Stone Idol Titan “twirl-left-stick” QTE in the first game that had dumbfounded pretty much everyone who could not afford a controller? Well, now you can turn that sucker off, granting Gabriel the power to auto-succeed all QTEs at the expense of some experience points.TheLoS1skill page has become a skill tree; it's easier to browse and see what skills lead to which. Still, the game funnily “reimburses” you should you go for a NG+. Mildly annoying, but it does show you just how much experience you've accumulated.The combat flows more freely if compared toLoS1and the Somersault move no longer makes you feel like you've cement blocks around your ankles. (Yes, I like Somersault.) Unlike other games I've played (namely Alice: Madness Returns), you get a clear visual/audio indication that your attack did not hit/did no damage. The new Weapon Mastery system gives you an incentive to vary your combos.The character design, the bosses, the voice acting, and the OST. Holy hell, A+. Play the game just for these.The Toy Maker and Inner Dracula deserve special mention.Unbound camera! Finally some use for your mouse/right stick.The atmosphere is amazing, especially if you stop to sightsee.The story is engrossing, and it ramps up the stakes in the last ten minutes, too.Purely IMO here, but I do think Gabriel's one of the finest examples of good video game writing. His depiction of Dracula is nuanced and endearing. Same goes for Alucard, really.Cons:Forced stealth is meh. It's not that particularly hard, mind; the enemies you're expected to slip past are brain-dead. They don't look up, don't ring the alarm at the sight of bats in a pharmaceutical corporation, and blame mosquitoes when you fling a dagger at them. The only exception to this isAgreus, but his AI is just as exploitable. Psst, ignore the bells, wait till he rushes you and Mist Form away.The Xbox prompts stay even if you do not have a controller plugged in. Again, a mild annoyance that very nearly got me killed when the game had asked me to ""press B"" or ""down on the D-Pad"".The cheap hitscan potshots enemies like to take at you when you're out of range (or just performing an aerial combo for too long). Soldiers chuck daggers, heavies chuck axes, demons spit, vampires, uhhh, scream (?)... you get the picture. It becomes infuriating if you're backtracking for collectibles and do not wish to engage them. Of course, you can reciprocate with a Void Projectile/Bat Swarm and be on your merry way, but still. Typical padding.Ultimately, in spite of its flaws and troubled development, it's a good game and is worthy its purchase price. I've already beaten it twice. Too bad it was unjustly panned by critics at its release."
,Not Recommended,239250,9857648,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Sweetz,"As a huge fan of Lords of Shadow 1, I sadly find myself rather disappointed in the sequel.  It seems like every change they made to the gameplay is for the worse.First let's talk about the much lamented stealth sections.  They truly and unequivocally suck.  They are relatively infrequent and certainly not insurmountable, but they simply are not entertaining, often annoying if not outright frustrating, and aren't even logically consistent with the rest of the game. One moment you're ripping the heart out of a monster the size of a building, the next you're hiding from two grunts with guns. I can not fathom the developer's reasoning behind their inclusion to the game.  Who played Lords of Shadow 1 and thought ""You know what would make this game better? Insta-fail stealth segments!""Then there's the combat.  I found the combat in Lords of Shadow 1 quite satisfying even it could be simple at times.  It seems they wanted to up the challenge here, but they did so by making the enemies get staggered less, attack at a much faster rate, and having more attack you simultaneously. The problem with this is not that it makes the game too hard, but you need to guard or dodge so frequently that you rarely have time to execute anything more than the most basic attack combo.  Several of the more powerful attacks have such long windups or leave you open so long that they're nearly useless.  As a result, I'm finding the combat to be less varied and far more tedious than the first game.  Too much time is spent dodging and not rattling off impressive combos.There are also little bits of level design that make me wonder at what point the developers stopped asking whether it was fun in favor of just coming up with tasks for the player to do (much like the stealth sections).  For example there are several timed switches where you'll hit a switch to open a door, and as you get close to the door several enemies will appear.  Spend time fighting the enemies (and likely you'll have to) and you won't make the door in time.  So you walk back to the switch, hit it again and this time you can cross the area unmolested.  It's the most egregious form of repetition to pad playtime and makes no sense in a game that's sufficiently long regardless.  It's the kind of thing that makes you feel like the designer isn't respecting you as a player.If that wasn't enough, even the camera is disappointing.  Some reviewers whined about the fixed cameras of the first game, when the problem was just a few bad angles.  They switched to a controllable behind the back camera here, and while it's perfectly functional, the game has lost the epic vistas and panning shots of the first game that you only get with fixed (or more accurately: not player controlled) camera angles.  As a result, despite environment design that feels roughly on par with LoS1, the game has lost much of the grand feeling of it's predecessor.Now on the plus side, everything that doesn't have to do with the mechanics of the game are at least as good as the original.  The art design and aesthetics are great even if you don't get to appreciate them as much with the narrow camera.  The characters and cinematics are absurd, but in a way that feels fitting and not like it's trying too hard - though it can get close at times.Taken by itself, the game isn't awful, I still found it reasonably entertaining on the whole.  It's just that everything about how it plays feels worse than the original and it's especially disappointing to see so many mistakes made by the developer after the success they had with original."
76561197968514473,Recommended,239250,23533252,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Meat-King©®,"“What is a man, but a miserable pile of secrets.”Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 is an action adventure game developed by the company MercurySteam, and the sequel to the 2010 game Castlevania: Lords of Shadow.Atmosphere & presentation:+ Sinister depiction of the game world with dystopian elements.+ Each stage has its own atmosphere and iconic art style of the Castlevania series.+ Obsessive attention to detail regarding level design.+ Extensive concept art section with hundreds of pictures and sketches.o Solid sound effects.o Due to the console based origin a gamepad is recommended, in order to play the game.Combat & gameplay:+ Combat system is solid and reliable.+ Good camera handling in combat and exploration sections.+ Exploration of the surroundings is rewarded with bonus powers and useful trinkets.o Variety of enemies is rather small and champions are too weak.- The stealth sections are an atrocity. An insult to the legendary abilities of the Lord of Shadows.Characters & story:+ Certain characters and story elements from Lords of Shadow and Lords of Shadow – Mirror of Fate are reintroduced and further developed.+ The downloadable content “Revelations” introduces Alucard as a playable character and provides some surprising background information.o Compelling storytelling in the beginning, but it loses momentum towards the end.- Inconsistent character development of Dracula.- The final boss is a cliché.Summary:The second instalment of the Lords of Shadow series offers beautiful visuals and a solid combat system. However, the rest of the game does not reach the level of quality of its predecessor. Despite the strong start it loses its momentum in the middle of the game, and the solution of the conflict between Dracula and his antagonist can be considered a cliché. To add insult to injury, the forced stealth sections are an unnecessary and partially frustrating element.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +40 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 56Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561197996223286,Recommended,239250,31045572,Posted: 9 April,all,NeOzguR,"One of the Most Underrated Game EverIf you look at the metacritic score you would think ""This game is not good"" yes? But it is sooooooooo far from the truth. This is a one helluva solid game. Believe me when I'm saying that I enjoyed it's every second. Musics, graphics, voice actings, drama, face emotion, level designs. All of 'em. Just brilliant.If you like the first game you will definitely like this game because they give camera control, fluid control over Dracul and his endless combo. I didn't like these things at the first game because they were so dull. But here... Man it's one the best game since GoW.By the way people hate this game because ""it's not Castlevania"". I don't know about that because i didn't play the old games. Bu this game gives you the control of Dracul and his smooth powers and let me tell you I was thrilled. Especially after the first LoS game.Please do not mind the sh.ty metarcritic notes. This game is solid and SOLID. And that's that.9/10"
76561198004627556,Recommended,239250,12878836,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,dante_87,"(DISCLAIMER: Objectively, as a game, Castlevania LoS 2 is a good, overall,  game that has some flaws. However, as a follow up to Castlevania LoS, it is terribly disappointing. My recommendation is based on the game itself, not my disappointment as  a sequel to the original.)Let's start with the GOOD. The combat has been refined in a very nice way and thusly feels a bit more responsive. As in the last game, with the points/experience that you receive from defeating enemies, you can use that to buy additional moves for your weapons, but this time, you have the addition of the chaos claws and void sword AND they have their own moveset on top of the same function as shadow and light magic respectively. Thusly, giving you many combo possibilities. Dodging is smooth, although I would have preferred a roll like the original, or the turning into smoke like Laura in the original game as well. I'm glad for the addition of the free rotating camera that was lacking in the first game.Platforming has also been improved and is much smoother than before.The graphics, very,very nice. However, it seems a bit of a waste since the most of the environments are dank, dark and very similar; unlike the original game where there was a lush forests, autumn ruins, icy castles, dark dungeons, crazy grand canyonesque platforming. Just wasted potential overall, but a great graphics engine nonetheless.Now for the BAD: STEALTH, man oh man, this game never needed stealth to begin with so I don't know why it's even here. Not that I mind stealth, it's just done very, very poorly in this game. The stealth sections were very tedious and boring. It was repetitive and not necessary to the game.Speaking of not necessary, the section where you have to hide from Pan's brother so you don't get one-shotted....ridiculous! You're freaking Dracula, the prince of freaking darkness. Satan is even scared of you in the game, yet, you have to hide from this guy? Again, since this was a stealth portion, it was terrible and necessary.The modern setting, I'll admit that I was excited to check out a modern setting in LoS, but honestly, it felt so out of place, especially the robots and commandos in exo suits. The sections you get to go back to the castle felt much more appropriate and epic.The story, the story this time around, lacked a sense of urgency and purpose. This is probably partly due to that you're now Dracula and you don't care weather thousands of people live or die. I through most of the game, it felt as if I was just trudging along just getting through the game, instead of feeling like I'm making real progress. The story lacked any real revelations, twists or turns, like the original had. It was very one track and lacked anything with real substance. There is no internal struggle like in the first game, any real tragedy with character investment, the story felt like it had a beginning and an end but missing pieces in the middle, not necessarily plot holes, but more so they needed to add elements to make it really interesting.Overall, the game is ok with some flaws. I did have fun with the combat, especially in the intro of the game, but after that, it felt like it was all downhill from there; lack luster story, repetitive environments, terribly implemented stealth. Sadly,  Castlevania LoS 2 just couldn’t meet the standards set by the first. As a huge fan of this series, I'm hugely disappointed. As a gamer, it's a “not bad” game.7/10"
,Recommended,239250,17012922,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Pakkidis,"8.5/10Overview: Third Person Action AdventureThe Good+ The setting is a mixture of a modern city in ruins and Draculas old castle. Both settings provide a nice contrast with each other and are fun to explore+ The first major difference from the original is the ability to control the camera as opposed to having a fixed camera in the first game.+ The second major change is all the levels are interconnected with each other. This provides for a much more immersive and seamless experience with gameplay.+ Combat is more refined than the original and just as fun. You have light magic that does less damage but heals you whenever you damage an enemy and chaos magic that does significantly more damage but is slower and has less range. Effectively dodging and switching between your magic meters is fun and engaging. If you played the first game, the combat should offer little surprise to you. One key difference is by using attacks over and over again you can increase your mastery of a certain weapons making them stronger.+ Boss battles have always been a highlight for this series and this game is no exception. Bosses are unique, well designed and will require you to use all your techniques in battle to defeat them.+ the game has plenty of collectables scattered throughout the world+ The game features 16 optional challenges to further extend your game time. Each challenge has a series of objectives that has to be completed in order to complete the challenge.+ option to disable quicktime eventsThe AverageThe story is not awful but it didn't really do much either. It doesn't help that most of the dialogue spoken by the villains is bad.This game has some REALLY annoying enemies that will test your patienceThe BadFor some odd reason the developers decided to include stealth sections in the game. I like stealth games and I like it when developers try to mix up the gameplay but this was just a bad effort. The stealth sections feel very out of place and are not always clear in what you have to do making for some really frustrating trial and error. It also feels very odd that you play a badass destroying most enemies in your path only to reach a section in the level where you have to avoid enemies.ConclusionThis game fixed two of my biggest gripes from the first game. The fact that the levels are interconnected and the ability to actually control the camera make for a much better gameplay experience despite the awful stealth sections. I was a bit baffled that reviewers panned this game pretty badly as I think this game improves the first game in many ways. If you enjoyed the first game then there is no reason why you shouldn't love this game as well, unless of course the modern day setting doesn't appeal to you."
,Recommended,239250,9260138,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Schlangus,"IT'S PRETTY SWELLOkay, I'll write a serious review now. That was just me being silly. I'm not a review expert though so don't expect the best from me.First of all I really enjoy the combat in this game. They changed nothing in the first one except for the Light Magic (now the ""Void Sword"")and the Shadow Magic (now the ""Chaos Claws""). Those function the same as they did in LoS1, however.The stealth portions of the game seem to get a lot of negativity. I enjoy them, but based upon the crap they've gotten so far, I'm not so sure you will. I don't have a problem with them at all, though, but that is indeed just me.The boss battles are no different than they were in LoS1.All in all I say IT'S PRETTY SWELL.Disregard everything I've said, this game made me euphoric as hell."
76561198042030440,Recommended,239250,17939539,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Grimtales,"As a Castlevania fan (and I mean all of them), I recommend this game sincerely to fans of the series, gothic atmospheres, vampire and other mythical lore and fast-paced action games.I've played this game before on a different system, but I needed it again for the PC. That's how much I love it.The negatives about this game often are about the stealth parts and the modern day sequences. I also find those less appealing, but it makes me appreciate the castle sequences even better. The environments are beautiful and open for exploration. Once you've got the majority of your abilities the exploration becomes the best part of the game, for me at least.Some people say the story is so so, but I love the amount of effort they put in the lore. A lot of the story is hidden in the pages of the bestiary and abilities. Accompanied by amazing artwork and good music (though, earlier Castlevania's had better music), it makes it a atmospheric experience of storytelling.My opinion might be influenced by my love for the series, but I can still recommend this game just for the amazing leveldesign, atmosphere, awesome bossbattles and rich mythological lore."
,Recommended,239250,32881104,Posted: 27 June,all,cG|Ka!3aL{JA},"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 appears to be a product of over-thinking. I commend any developer that wants to do something different, that doesn’t want to rest on its laurels. It’s just that in doing so, MercurySteam abandoned much of what made the original Lords of Shadow such a stellar game, Castlevania or otherwise.Lords of Shadow 2 may have gained an open world, but a poor story, uninteresting enemies, and a bland cast of characters came with it. Combat might be improved, but forced stealth sections cause nothing but dismay and frustration. The end result is something that doesn’t come near the level of The Lords of Shadow .I Give it a 4 out of 5."
76561198006639211,Recommended,239250,13927187,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Waikiki,"Eu sunt Dracul!After I was highly disapointed by the console port of Lords of Shadows 1 I must say I really like this game. It got a 58 Metacritics score, but since I'm a sucker for Metroidvania and God of War-like games I gave it a try.And boy am I glad I gave it a chance. I have to admit the game needs some time to get you. The first two hours are kind of lame (The fight against the angelic robot and the boring sneaking part). But after the tutorial and the first visit to the science facility the game unfolds its beauty.The artdesign is fabulous, overall graphics, shadows and lightning are fantastic. Even more important, the controls are smooth even for a non gamepad-player like me. Combat is challenging throughout the game. After unlocking more and more combat options the normal fights as well as the boss fights are immensely fun to play (The whole toymaker part is a lesson in gamedesign for other devs). You can adjust the camera by mouse so there are no more fixed angles and even jumping is fun again. No more QTE, thank you for that dear devs.The game is kind of an open world game, you can constantly roam your castle and the modern world and unlock secret after secret while advancing through the game.The speakers and the music are nearly over the top. The speakers are so good and the music fits so fantasticly well it's scary.And last but not least this game is dark, no emo vampire he's the kind of vampire I want to watch in movies or play as in a game.My rating would be a 86 (edited), it's one of the best games of this kind I ever played.So give it a try and don't let yourself get fooled by the not so brilliant beginning."
,Recommended,239250,9310419,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,br4t,"Dont bother critic reviews , this game is beast and worth every single penny. Graphics are significantly improved so is the combat system with epic new combos. innovative level design and cool stealth sections ( Ignore low IQ level kids finding it hard and whining on forums). Boss battles are amazing but the difficulty is not great, i suggest playing this game on hard mode for people seeking true challenge which you wont find on normal difficulty. Metacritic has a user score of 8.3 and Gamespot user score of 8.2 proves that the game is truly good."
,Not Recommended,239250,32820884,Posted: 26 June,all,FreeToaster,"While I will play this game to completion and end up spending around 50-80 hours playing, I can't recommend the game.There are way too many little issues that have made what could have been a great game into one filled with annoyance.The game isnt hard. The combat isnt hard. Even on Prince of Darkness difficulty most bosses can be beaten by an attack/dodge routine, there are just certain moves that can 2 shot you now.The problem with combat is the fact that the parry move is largely unused as every mob from the smallest grunt to the final boss spams unblockable attacks, where in the previous game you were rewarded for having the skill to parry, here you rarely get the chance because 9/10 attacks are unblockable and unable to be parried. This doesnt make the combat harder, as you just spend more time dodging out of the way, but with those unblockable attacks comes with it an annoying sound to let you know an unblockable attack is coming and you will hear this sound every few seconds during combat at least, but often in succession until the last mob is dead for the entire game. The entire game.Maybe this is different on easier difficulties, but i'll never know. If it is, making mobs have 9/10 attacks be unblockable didnt make the game harder for me, just incredibly annoying.The shielded Vampire mobs also have an incredibly high pitched sound they will spam if you are not in their line of sight, It's so bad it makes me wonder if the devs wanted to annoy the players on purpose.  Then I remember there is a cutscene for restarting a checkpoint or dying and I have to assume that yes, that was their goal.The challenge arena will never start you off with full health, it will leave you at whatever you were at during the previous challenge or when you entered the arena. This means if you want to do more than one challenege you need to go back to the castle, leave the shop use an item to heal yourself, renter the shop purchase another healing item if needed reenter the arena and pick your challenge. During this process you will have to watch or cancel out about 6 small cutscenes. That is crazy. ""cinematic"" can be a good thing depending on the game, here it's a disease.As for the story of the game, it's not great, or at the very least it's told poorly. some elements are never explained and are extremely confusing when you first experience them and what I imagine was meant to be a twist or at least a surprise was pretty much obvious from the start.Say whatever you want about the first LOS not being Castlevania enough, it didnt have forced stealth sections and demons with shotguns, grenade launchers, and automatic weapons. I dont know how a team of people sat down and agreed that what Castlevania was missing was a modern day setting with guns and mechs. Maybe someday we'll get a MGS game set in 1700'sIt's not terrible, if you can look past the mountain of little annoyances it's an ok game, but for me those annoyances are too constant for me to suggest anyone else deal with them."
76561198028134168,Not Recommended,239250,9763419,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Cliffle,"Truly a ""shadow"" of the first game. The forced stealth scenarios hurt my soul every time they came up. This game hardly makes you feel like Dracula, the prince of darkness. I'd suggest waiting for this to be $15 or less before picking it up."
76561198070852496,Recommended,239250,24896730,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DrLongShot77,"This game is an underrated gem. Not sure where the bad reviews are coming from. Most of the game takes place in an interconnected castle that will remind players of the metroidvania games. The combat is simple and satisfying and rewards variety and good timing. The boss battles are epic, and each one is unique and requires the player to learn a specific strategy. Sound design, music, graphics and presentation are all fantastic. Stealth sections provide a change of pace and though they are not as fun as the exploration and combat portions of the gameplay, they are few and far between.  Happy I decided to pick this up despite the abysmal reviews.... If you are fan of the first Lords of Shadow then you absolutely must play this game. If you haven't played the Lords of Shadow series, definitely pick up the first as it is also a classic IMO. The series gets a lot of hate from Castlevania fanboys, and whilst it is definitely true that it deviates from many of the series tropes, I don't consider it a bad thing at all.  A lot of care and devotion was poured into this series and it's a shame it has not gotten the positive reception that it deserves.Bottom line is if you are a fan of 3d action/adventure games you need to play this game."
,Recommended,239250,18962265,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BallisticCrow,"Graphics 10/10Sound 10/10Gameplay 8/10The only problem I had with this game is the horrible camera control, sure you can move it around but there's not lock behind button sort of like Ocarica of Time. During battles you can easily loose track of your character...Overall this is an awesome game SUPER OPTIMIZED FOR PC... I run it all maxed out V-sync on and there was not a single time where my frames went below 60FPS..."
,Recommended,239250,9374137,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Maeron Nassor,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 is much better game than its predecessor. The combat has been improved,  and finally you have control over the camara so you see all the gorgeous structures. With lots of boss fights, and boy the boss sure are alot of fun! Especially the toy maker. They aren't the most orignal bosses, but like I said..they are fun to battle with. Also I find myself enjoying the puzzles, there are actually very few puzzles. The platforming also has been improved...it feels more natural to me..too bad they didn't put any sort-of challenge within the platforming area's that often, the challenges that are within the platforming bits  were fun. But! this game is not perfect, in the beginning you have a few stealth sections which are terrible. They are not difficult or anything, just annoying..ESPECIALLY the last one! that one just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  Also believe or not..there are two hide-seek moments, the first one was hilarisch and put the big smile on my face, seeing as the person who was looking for me couldn't find me...and the thought that the great Dracula had to hide..was funny to me. BUUUTTTT the second one I didn't like. That stupid cow-thingy could smell you, hear you with every step..and once he did he rushed towards you..urghh quite pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥was that guy.And finally the story was good. The voice acting was excellent. I mean Patrick Stewart voiced a character can hardly go wrong. ButI hated the ending, I thought was going to be something emotional and deep but..no. I was really disappointed.So should you get this game? Well if you like 10-hours full of kick♥♥♥♥♥as a vampire, with lots of bosses, platforming, few puzzles, and a dissaspointed ending? then my friend, get this. Otherwise wait for price drop..or steam sale."
,Recommended,239250,23720178,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Xen0sys,Fun action/adventure. Worth a play-through.Good:- Combat is satisfying- Lots of unique/pretty moves to unlock- Story is interesting- Boss fights are awesome- Every fight is fairly unique but towards the end they become less uniquely challenging- Levels were very intricately designed- Platforming was satisfying and had a lot of variety- Audio effects/soundtrack are greatBad:- Can't reliably force 4k on a 1080p monitor (additional smoothing)- Last boss was anti-climactic in terms of the difficulty; felt like it should have been longer and harder to really finish it off- Dungeon key secrets were tedious; every third shrine I had to run back to the shop to buy 3 more- The swinging platform mechanics felt kludgy and should've been smoother- Stealth elements were lackluster and not very rewarding
76561198088187969,Recommended,239250,12920483,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Retro Warrior,This games is NOT  the Castlevania of the 1980's!  However MercurySteam has done a great justice for pc gamers! The performance & graphics are incredibly smooth! All I can say is sheer brilliance!!!
76561198050787659,Recommended,239250,9275608,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ZeroKelvin,"""A better love story than Twilight""""God of War with actually-attractive scenery for PC gamers""""Worth it just to hear Patrick Stewart and Robert Carlyle""""STEAMPUNK GIANT ROBOT""If you're not convinced by now, read some other reviews. In all honesty, the game is worth it just for the amazing views."
,Recommended,239250,31227285,Posted: 18 April,all,Murderlol,"To be honest I don't really understand the hate this game got when it first came out. Having played both Lords of Shadow games I can say without a doubt that the first is better, but the second is still a great game in its own right. Great controls, well optimized with a perfect game length and plenty of exploration and replayability, it's a game where you'll get your money's worth. The combat is a little better than the first game, being similar to other 3rd person action games like God of War. The story isn't quite as good as the first because I think the character progression of Gabriel is what really made that story great, but it isn't bad here either. The level design overall is nice and the music is decent. My only real complaints are that some of the puzzles seemed unnecessary and the stealth bits were somewhat annoying, although infrequent and easy enough that I didn't care all that much. Overall it's a pretty solid action game that's worth a play especially for fans of the series and there's not much bad to say about it.The Revelations DLC is decent, I'd say it's maybe slightly better than the DLC from the first game. It's about 2-3 hours long and lets you play as a different character with a new weapon and different abilities in a story that takes place just before the start of LoS2 and explains a few events leading up to it. It's really not a necessary DLC story-wise but it's decently fun in its own right."
76561197972429764,Recommended,239250,28547760,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Xuincherguixe,"I enjoyed the first lords of shadow, it being an interesting take on the castlevania story. This would be one in a modern setting, that would be interesting right?Well it turns out there were a lot of missed opportunities.The first half of the game does things pretty well, tension and story build up. Then part way through it... just becomes a mess.It's hard to believe this was done by the same people, with the first being executed so well.I had heard that the development studio had a lot of problems, and so perhaps it was more of a fluke that the original ended up working.Mechnically the game works well, and is even pretty fun. But the story? Well you'll probably feel let down."
,Recommended,239250,33411694,Posted: 9 July,all,Joshua,This is a great serires!Definitely reconmend it to otheres!
,Recommended,239250,32763426,Posted: 25 June,all,Kon,"It's a really well made game, you can turn the option on to turn off QTE's which are a hassle if you're not into that stuff.The game has a lot of cut scenes but it's very interesting story. One of the few games that reward exploring every nook and cranny. If you master blocking and evading the game also rewards you for that as well.I had this on my ps3 and I'm surprised it's aged so well.Watch the cinematic for max hype"
,Recommended,239250,25648289,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,PixelGrotto,"I think I need to add this to the ""games that most people hated which I actually enjoyed"" list. Admittedly, I'm biased because I really dig Castlevania, enjoyed the first Lords of Shadow and Mirror of Fate, and am a sucker for the idea of playing as Dracula himself. But even at its most frustrating moments, Lords of Shadow 2 isn't nearly as bad as Edge Magazine (which gave it a 4/10) or any of the other mainstream reviews would have you believe.Bloodsucking awesome stuff:+ I feel like combat's speedier and more responsive than it was in the first Lords of Shadow, and there's less reliance on quicktime events. This might have to do with the fact that I'm just more experienced with the combat system after playing through the first game and Mirror of Fate, but I had a lot of fun beating up some of the bosses, which leads me to the next point...+ The boss battles (with the exception of the finale) are grand as hell! You've got some classic mainstays in there, like Death and Medusa, whose inclusion instantly make this game seem ""more Castlevania"" than its prequel.+ On that note, the first Lords of Shadow got criticism from many people who felt it was Castlevania in name only (though in a surprising twist, I've noticed that the first game is now retroactively considered great in the wake of the poor reception the second got). This isn't the case here - from the getgo, when you start out as Dracula in your castle sipping a glass of blood, Symphony of the Night references start popping up everywhere. These plus the haunted atmosphere and the inclusion of Alucard just make the game *FEEL* more like a proper entry in the series.+ Lords of Shadow 2 is beautifully presented, and like its predecessor, has some of my favorite menus ever in a video game. (I'm just a sucker for any menu that resembles an old torn book and has little hand-drawn animations showing your available attacks.) The music feels like it's from the long-lost Castlevania movie that got stuck in development hell, and the environments are amazing...at least for the flashback sections of the game.Not so bloodsuckingly awesome+ The game has two worlds, Zelda-style - a flashback castle that sort of exists in Dracula's mind (or in another dimension, it's never really explained) and a modern setting. And while the castle is gorgeous, the modern levels are laboratories, deserted hospitals and dirty streets that resemble Gotham City in the Arkham games at their best but are just forgettable at their worst.+ With the strange duo world thing comes the plot, which I actually enjoyed for the majority of the game, even though there's one big twist near the end that is really the most comic book thing ever, and I don't mean that in a good way. But the ending is very weak. Let's just say that the final boss battle doesn't exactly hit the heights of previous fights, let alone the epic clash of Gabriel Belmont versus Satan from the first game, and even though there's a big redemption story that builds up for Dracula over the course of 30-some hours, the whole thing concludes like a wet fart in the night. Also...Victor Belmont, what a waste.+ Unlike Lords of Shadow 1, this sequel's a Metroidvania. This is good in theory, but on the negative side, enemies are still damage sinks, which interrupts the joy of exploration, and the shackles of the level-based structure of the first game are still there. Many times you can only traverse areas in a VERY SPECIFIC WAY that the game wants you to take - ie, even though Drac gets a double jump, he can't jump over this crappy little ledge to get the collectible on the other side even though you can CLEARLY see he should be able to reach it. No, you have to take the long route around and use your mist form to pass through a gate (and the mist form can only be used in a few key places too) because the game's been programmed that way. Mirror of Fate had this issue as well, but it wasn't as noticeable because that game was 2.5D. In a 3D environment, it's very obvious.+ Tying into this element of restrictiveness, the stealth sections that got slammed by every reviewer ARE quite annoying. If you dunno what these are - there are a few enemies, like some huge armor-plated guards and Pan's brother, who can kill Drac in two shots, even though in every cutscene the Prince of Darkness easily demolishes much bigger foes. The only reason Drac is vulnerable to these guys is because the designers needed an excuse to make the players complete so-so puzzles where you need to change to rat form or cling to walls to sneak by them. It's kind of a ham-fisted way to switch up gameplay, but luckily it's only about 5% of the game.Lords of Shadow 2 got massacred upon release, but I'm glad to see it's at least getting positive reviews on Steam two years later. I still liked it enough to go out of my way to find every collectible, which is rare for me. It's biggest flaw is that it has the restrictive design of a PS2 game, but was released in 2014, a year which also saw innovative titles like Shadow of Mordor which introduced fresh gameplay mechanics. (OK, I agree that Mordor was overrated - but it did offer a solid open world, and the Nemesis system WAS great.) Reviewers were expecting more when this came out, frankly, and rated the game as such. As it stands, it's still not a horrible way for the Castlevania franchise to end, and worth a look for more open-minded fans who aren't opposed to Castlevania games not made by Koji Igarashi.If you're interested, I wrote some longer thoughts on this game and the negative reception it got here:http://pixelgrotto.tumblr.com/post/150812695901/musings-goodnight-sweet-prince-eurogamer"
76561198031324041,Recommended,239250,13619209,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mumm-Ra,Didnt expect really that much from the 2nd game but so happy that i bought it. The soundtrack is once again out of this world and the graphics are at times really amazing especially the castle which is really dark and foreboding. I found this to be a very emotional and moving story and a great reboot of the series. Its just a shame that its the last installment as i would have enjoyed playing further as Dracula or Alucard.The only negative thing that i will say is that near the end the story seems a little rushed as if they are struggling to tie all the loose ends up. The ending is rather anti-climatic i expected so much more from Satan but i suppose it makes sense since he spends centuries hiding from Dracula.Tips for Stealth sections - Use Mist to cross leavesUse Shadow Daggers to hit bellsUse Bats to distract Golgoth GuardsThose sections are really not that hard once you know how to approach them.
,Recommended,239250,23265039,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Lords of Shadow 2 proves to be much like its predecessor. It's very much a ""bigger, better, more"" sequel. An open world connected by shortcuts, more weapons and spells to use, and the addition of new relics and items to toss about. Unfortunately, the story and lore about about as mishmosh and nonsensical as the first games if you give them even a second thought, so if you're looking for a compelling addition to the Castlevania chronicles, like the first game, you're going to be sorely mistaken.For being ""the epic conclusion"" to the Lords of Shadow saga, very little is actually concluded.Luckily, the combat is smoother, faster, more fluid, as are all the platforming aspects. While the trappings and aesthetics are lacking, underneath beats the heart of a solid, fun action game. Like the first game, I feel like if it had been called anything buta Castlevania game, the story would get a pass. The game itself though, is fun enough to be a recommendation for anyone who enjoys action games."
,Recommended,239250,13128782,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,๖𝖒𝖔𝖓𝖆𝖗𝖈𝖍,"When I first saw this game. I didn't really want to buy it.Due to a several reason.First, I saw the hard copy in EBgames. Looked at the back of the case, the 'screenshots' and descriptions weren't all that interesting. Second, I later checked on Steam, and noticed how low a metascore it has.Now there are already plenty and enough of information you can see from other people.So I'm just going to say this.The only regret I have for buying this game?I didn't buy it sooner."
76561198038439451,Recommended,239250,22831164,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Yourtourguide,"Captain Picard sends Dracula, the lord of shadows, to infiltrate Satan's evil pharmasudical company. Not everything is as it seems however as Dracula is haunted by random flashbacks and old men in mech suits with machine guns. Typical Capcom affair, but konami?"
,Recommended,239250,13112152,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,RemovedFromEquation,"I'm not going to spend more time on this but I do want to join the people in saying that the MC score is completely baffling. I've been playing games for around 25 years now and I did find entertainment in this one. And I have played games of this genre quite a lot. At the end of the time while it didn't outperform the first LoS in every area and has a few design faults (that mostly disappear after the beginning of the game), I think you will find this one pretty good if you enjoy action adventure titles. There's plenty of soul in this one."
,Not Recommended,239250,9285828,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nobody's Perfect,"This game is a mixed bag, and by no means outright terrible. There are however many flaws which strike me.Gameplay in and of itself, with the exception of the glaring annoyance of nonsensical stealth sections is decent enough, and all of the provided mechanics are put to work equally in the combat and in exploring the world itself. This works well enough though it doesn't appear to me to be anything revolutionary or exciting.Stealth sections very much break the established flow, despite being short and ridiculously easy to get past they are at odds with the rest of the game, disabling your ability to perform any attacks short of stunning opponents and trying to escape. It doesn't make sense when the game plays up the fact you're a character with ridiculous combat ability, and you're regularly destroying enemies twice the size or so of the guards in the stealth section which utterly wreck you in seconds if you get caught. The mechanics the stealth sections use, possesion and transforming into a swarm of rats don't seem to be used to their utmost. Particularly possession, why not allow the player to actually do something with the apparently invincible guard they're controlling aside from use an eye scanner to open a door?As for turning into a group of rats, when the rat you're controlling dies - you possess the next rat in your entourage.  If all the rats die, you die.  This is used to -some- effect in the first stealth section where you have to navigate tunnels and avoid hazards, keeping your other rats alive. As well as again later on very briefly.  I don't particularly like this kind of gameplay, but the idea was good and for the effort spent in making it functional it seems very underused.The game world itself is nice looking and well designed in most respects but it's fairly linear, it does allow backtracking throughout though mainly for the purposes of revisiting past areas with new abilities to grab missed collectables, which is more in tow with the series prior, although likely not quite as interesting. If you like collecting lots of crap (increases to various gauges, unlockable challenges, item limit upgrades, artwork) and trying to 100% games, that's a pro and you might enjoy it. The upgrade system for the main set of combat abilities is good, and offers some interesting options.Enemies are fairly varied, interesting and the bosses are pretty fun. Though the hardest difficulty is locked until you've beaten the game. One flaw is that enemies and bosses (and anyone in combat with you) will quote the same 3-6 lines of dialogue over and over as you fight them to the point of it becoming annoying.  I like about as many of the character and enemy designs as I find unappealing, even then knowing that the ones I do like aren't very memorable and don't actually get that much focus.Story is a big no sale for me, which is a shame because signifigant portions of it could be considered competent and plenty of time has clearly been spent on it. The main setting is uninteresting and feels generic as a plot point (despite the actual work which went into designing it.) Most of the characters motivations seem either generic, pointless, obvious or some combination of all three. The best segments are generally spent in the castle sequences, but the whole premise behind that is fundamentally pretty simple and renders itself unnecessary on the whole. There's a lot of background information in the journal which updates with entries on your abilities when you get them, and each enemy type/character when you kill/meet them respectively. This is nice if you like these kind of details.PC controls work well enough, although onscreen prompts still use controller buttons which is lazy. There is a contextual control reference dropdown bound to F1 which shows what action, what button it's mapped too and what key represents that button, which is at least something. Being provided with a HD texture pack and features like being able to disable QTE's is great. Even if I found this game average I feel at least somewhat vindicated in supporting it for providing things like this.If you're sensible, You'll wait to get this until it's on sale or gets a price drop. It's entertaining, stable and more or less what it presents itself as, but no grand masterpiece unless you're a person who'd particularly enjoy the areas where the game excels and be capable of enjoying it despite its problems."
76561198042945770,Recommended,239250,28671291,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fatal_,"10 minutes into the game I've destroyed a whole guard of knights. Then it got a ""little"" weird. I destroyed a robot the size of a skyscraper and killed a golden knight using a jetpack. Then I detonated a nuclear weapon in the middle of medieval Romania and woke up in modern day Chicago looking like a meth-addict. Is this game just a bad trip?"
,Recommended,239250,13505346,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vivec,"The only other Castlevania game I played to completion prior to this one was C:SotN, widely regarded as the best Castlevania in the series. Without knowing until after I finished this Lords of Shadow series follows an alternate timeline from the others in that series, and without playing Lords of Shadow 1, I enjoyed it a lot. The game catches you up to the story of Lords of Shadow well, and I enjoyed the plot and flow of the game.Gameplay (fighting) is pretty hack-slash with comboing using the whip, or sword/chaos claws but is quite simple. I've read people compare it to God of War, but having not played that series I wouldn't know. I wasn't expecting anything amazing in combat but I did find it fun to play despite not a huge variation in enemies. At least most of the enemies weren't annoying, but I did dread getting into fights. There was a fair bit of platforming, some stealth missions which I hated, and some nice simple puzzle-solving. There as good flow and variation during the story to keep it fresh.Exploration in this game is pretty lacking. Missions/the story is pretty linear/guided, and unless you wanted to upgrade your weapons/skills (not necessary if you played on an easier difficulty like me, I just wanted to play this game casually) there was no point in re-visiting areas. You can access 'new areas' in levels with upgraded abilities later in the game, but there's really no point unlike in Castlevania:SotN because you won't be getting new weapons/skills/etc. doing so. Don't expect some Skyrim/TES bonuses from going off the beaten pathVisually, this game is pretty good. Nice background scenery, the castle looks beautiful. The modern city is kind of 'meh', but I did appreciate how the game looked. Some of the audio tracks are great too, but you will run into a lot of the same music.Overall, I had fun with the game and enjoyed it for what it was. I admitedly got frustrated with some parts of the game and would just quit playing 10 minutes in if I couldn't advance through the story fast enough to do other stuff but my yearning for knowing what happened in this game kept me coming back. I won't be playing it beyond the story mode and doing a NG+ mode or anything like that. Buy it on sale for 10-15 dollars but I wouldn't pay full price for it."
76561198055479329,Recommended,239250,32904057,Posted: 27 June,all,DaniDani,"Amazing game, worth playing it."
,Recommended,239250,33491620,Posted: 12 July,all,Tum,Medusa and her sisters are THICK AS FACT!!
76561198071781219,Recommended,239250,13112191,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,It's a me Mario :D,"THE BEST CASTLEVANIA GAME IN SERIES(+the last one)!!!Those two combined together make an UNFORGETABLE experience with heartpounding story,awesome gameplay and epic voice acting/soundtracks!!!Finally Gabriel is back as the Dracula seeking for revenge and peace!Dont wanna spoil the fun!Play this game and remember my words you'll never forget it!!!DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR AND BUY THIS EPIC GAME!!!!! <3"
,Recommended,239250,31848253,Posted: 19 May,all,Kinobi,"It is hard to not compare this game to the first Lords of Shadow, being that the first one was so good. One of the things that I enjoyed the most about the first one was that you get to see several different environments as you make your way up to the vampire castle, and every region has unique creatures inhabiting it.By contrast, LoS 2 only has 2 different environments, and enemies are just randomly scattered throughout them.I would recommend getting this game on a sale, like I did."
,Recommended,239250,30314229,Posted: 4 March,all,Sterling,"Just consider the 'Lords of Shadow' trilogy as a self-contained universe and you'll have no problem. It's a great game when not compared to the rest of the Castlevania series. It's a great gothic-horror action game. It's just not the Castlevania you remember. It has great music, just not traditional Castlevania music. Great atmosphere, just not the castle we remember. Great monsters, just not the monsters we remember. Taken for what it is, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,239250,10946684,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NorthStar,Extremely polished experience; much better than the first game. You get a wide array of powers and really feel like a badass vampire lord. The boss fights are super epic and just challenging enough that you don't feel cheated.
76561198089960739,Recommended,239250,9311359,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,loup garou midget porn craver,"Initially, definitely significant to mention is... *ahem*  F@CK NEGATIVE REVIEWS. Really now, many gaming magazines (see Edge #d0uche_detected) have underrated it... (4/10). Even ""Octodad"" or ""The Banner Saga"" got a higher score than LoS2... I can only assume that they were trying to elicit attention through these means... anyway --> TO THE POINT!Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2, The Dragon Returns! :O \o/ Such a good game... but how come it has so many opponents this time, in contrary to its predecessor? lel.. Well, let's begin with the reasons I deem this game worthy of its money:+ Gorgeous Graphics+ Satisfying durance+ Wide variety of actions, skills, collectibles, missions, enemies etc.+ Very well contemplated and made plot (they have taken really good care of it), plus there is an awesome plot twist!+ The combat mechanics (endless moves, powers and upgrades)+ THE PROTAGONIST! Anyone who has played LoS 1, can definitely recall Gabriel being... uuhm... TOO QUITE! Honestly, he scarcely spoke, we knew almost nothing about him or his personality. Unlike that, this time, Gabriel (or what is left from that♥♥♥♥♥♥ starts to reveal who he really is, his character, his desires, and generally he now IS appropriate for a protagonist. (Moreover, his voice actor, Robert Carlyle, has done an undoubtly good job ""incarnating"" dracula)+ Yup, MANY stunning bosses ^^+ The soundtracks ;3 (♥♥♥♥♥yaeh)....But, there is always the other side...- A number of fans maintain that they face several problems (like the game can't start, or gets stuck at a certain point of the game). Also, in spite of the aforementionted problems, EVERYONE may face glitches (small or B I G ones)- It could become monotonus at some point, especially when you get to roam the same area over and over again...- The enviroments you play in... (yeah it's a whole new era, and yeah no more majestic forests etc., BUT, it is the plot that demands that! You are no longer Gabriel, but a creature of the night, you live in the 21st century, you can't move with the sunlight. The very game itself has ""darkened"". This is the reason some fans don't even consider this ""negative"" point at all, while others miss the old castlevania enviroments)- Despite the fact that there are many boss battles, some of them end really quickly, and it is not that difficult to understand how to defeat them.- There are TOO many (and a bit complicated) moves in the combat system, that you just don't have time to remember, use and make good use of them (some are just beautiful and expensive, nothing more, nothing less)- The final boss battle... (relatively short and easy to cope with)To sum up, this game has both various advantages and disadvantages. But I would still recommend you to purchase it, it is really stunning, fun, and worthy of your time. Yeah, it is true that there are some disturbing drawbacks, but the advantages still surpass them.***(This review is based on my personal view on this game. If your own view happens to be in opposition to mine, don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ thanks ^^)***"
76561198138715680,Recommended,239250,24112831,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HighStriker Angelus,"It's a great game.  Alot more dark than the first game, but for what it is, it's very well presented.  There's more to do, and bigger areas to explore.  The story is a lock-step continuation of the first game, and you'll see some familiar faces and some inuendo for your imagination to figure out.  I find the dark style a little unwelcome, but that's just me.  It doesn't have to be bright and sunny, but it could have more supernatural monsters, or ... you know, just something.The fighting in this is much improved.  Some of your moves are similar to the first game, but they do more of what they are supposed to, and less scripted.  If you do a Guilotine for example, some enemies will dodge, some will block, and some will take the full brunt, instead of a guaranteed hit every time.  So those familiar moves feel so much more realistic.  Even small enemies require some strategy.One almost deal breaker was the onscreen prompts.  I started out using a keyboard-mouse, and it displays xbox prompts -ONLY.  It took me forever to associate B with ""f"" and Y with Mouse2.  You can get used to it though.If you liked the first game, you'll find this one better in alot more ways than not.  Qualitywise, hugely better.  Graphics, way better, Fights, hugely better.  Mood, eh... but I think the story compensates for that alot.  It looks like the DLC ""Revelations"" is going to have alot of what I'm looking for.  Great game all around."
76561198012067179,Recommended,239250,23623796,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jorgonq,"It's Castlevania! That is probably the main reason you are thinking of playing this game. If you love Castlevania you'll find the game enjoyable enough. If you merely like Castlevania this game may not be very good. The medieval castle scenes are all awesome. The voice acting is good, if not great at times. The story is a fair continuation of where we left off after the first Lords of Shadow game (LoS). The modern city scenes are a tad bland and boring, though. The combat mechanics are even more fun than in the previous LoS game. The boss battles are tad easy, although there is always a higher level of difficulty to be selected. Some of the puzzles are damnably frustrating though, such as the garden with Agreus. I feel the pros far outweigh the cons though and this is a good addition to the franchise."
76561198023394296,Recommended,239250,35070140,Posted: 19 September,all,Sugar,"What a wonderful game. I like vampire games. Vampire the Masquerade was my first favorite game. This game has a lot of cutsceenes, that is correct, but I enjoy them. They tell a story and let you rest yoru fingers for a bit. Brilliant entertainment."
76561198033310902,Recommended,239250,34757617,Posted: 5 September,all,Chris cool,"I loved the first one, and I liked this one even more."
76561198152339654,Recommended,239250,23817438,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Taco John,"From the moment I woke up, old and broken down, till the moment I almost rage quit at the very end,, I loved this game. After playing C:LoS, this completely blows it away. As in i'm still shocked that the same company made both games. If you havent tried it, do yourself a favor and play it!"
76561198067822242,Recommended,239250,23600592,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Salipoo,"If you liked the first lord of shadows, youll enjoy this one as well. Its a fun story, fun gameplay the only bad thing I have to say is the ending did seem a little lackluster and kinda leaves you wanting more. Otherwise fun game if your a fan of the series, worth getting."
76561198157469189,Recommended,239250,29996117,Posted: 17 February,all,HYUCK,it was halloween and i wanted a good aesthetic vampire game. this was fulfilled that pursuit.
76561198019606999,Recommended,239250,33923120,Posted: 31 July,all,Vyse,"What i like.+Consumable Items that are actually Helpful. (made broken with the Transmutation Rune.)+This imparticular incarnation of Dracula is cool. (heh heh. pun.)+Gameplay is actually far more fun then most God of War games. (to me anyhow.)+Tho you only get three, said three weapons is all you'll really need. (Especially the Void Sword.)+You can Turn off QTE's...WHY DON'T MORE GAMES DO THIS???What i don't like.-The FEW Stealth sections in the game. (and how you never really get to directly kill those oversized bas- guards.)-Repeating voice clips during boss fights. (abit nitpicky i know but uh..it can get pretty annoying.)-The Weapon Mastery mechanic. (mostly the fact that that doesn't carry over between new game + runs.)Overall.Its more then a GoW clone and frankly i had more fun with this game then i did GoW2..Which is my fav GoW game.If your into action games that do have some stealth to them..oh and hate QTE's with a burning passion. I'd say play this."
76561198055667887,Recommended,239250,33840341,Posted: 27 July,all,Farore,"Just finished playing this game and i loved it. Definite improvement over the first game in terms of combat (and most importantly, camera angles!). The visuals are beautiful and I absolutely fell in love with the atmosphere and art direction of this game. 8.8/10"
76561198095979644,Recommended,239250,35161200,Posted: 23 September,all,ChadVanNord,"this is suprisingly one of my most favorite games that i own, i say suprisingly because im not all that into button mashing games but this one is different. I love the back story of the characters and i love how it fluently carrys over from the first game. Dracula has quite litterally become my personal hero, all the cut scenes are completly Bad♥♥♥♥♥and makes you feel powerful as you play, i especially love the part of the game where you are falling from the sky and slice satans daughter directly in half i highly recromend playing this masterpiece of a game, it'll keep you coming back for more!!!"
,Recommended,239250,26030484,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ichik,"The original text was published on Kanobu on 25.02.2014I don’t know if a secret contest is taking place among the slasher game developers for the most over-the-top prologue*; but if there is one, then Lords of Shadow 2 is a shoe-in for the grand prize. First game of the series reboot by MercurySteam has greeted you with a slow gothic fantasy. This time the game gets right into the action. The protagonist is Dracula himself. He uses his own blood as a whip. His castle is under attack by an army of thousands. This army has a giant humanoid robot. The stakes are high, rivalries are thousands-of-years-old, prophecies are dark, and angels are fallen. And then there’s the usual removal of all those nice abilities which used to allow you to perform a complete massacre on poor grunts of the army which was attacking you.The combat system looks exactly like the one of its predecessor: accentuated counter-attacks and two bars of special energy used to break blocks and heal. Both kinds of magic now have unique weapons, but controls are still the same. What stands out is a free-floating camera as opposed to static angles from the first game. A lot of delightful improvements to what already worked perfectly before aren’t the biggest surprise. The game looks back at the series’ legacy and remembers where the second part of metroidvania term came from. The world is a holistic labyrinth with inaccessible high passages and grates standing in your way. This promise of big and small secrets is the foundation for everything else here. The story progression path goes in big stretches only occasionally offering to come back to the earlier places. You could replay levels in the first game to access locked upgrades once you’ve acquired the required ability, but you also had to go through the repetition of story scenes and routes weren’t particularly interesting.The second installment simply blends the secrets in the world as a part of a bigger picture. The scenery is grotesque most of the time and is occasionally filled with details for you to look at for some time. Half of the locations are in the future, of course, so it adds up to a final result of a truly bizarre over-stylized collage.The wild outlook in accompanied by an equally wild script. It defies logic in favor of having more and more bizarre characters and spectacular action scenes. If there’s a fight on a moving train it’ll end with a crash, explosions and acrobatics. You can’t just kill the giant boss — you have to rip out its heart. It is completely normal for the protagonist to ride a giant gas bottle because he needed a new entrance in the building. The headcount of unlucky enemies of Dracula is in a thousands range. Relentless postmodern carnival wouldn’t give you a break, so at some point you just can’t be surprised by anything. Raisa Volkova, the daughter of Satan? Sounds completely normal!Lords of Shadow 2 wants to go further than its predecessor so desperately and tries so much new stuff, that sometimes it ends with stuff that is just too cringeworthy. Clumsy stealth sections simply don’t hold up to the pace of the game and are irritating rather than entertaining.Still, you get transformations into blood mist and rat pack out of this torture. Two more instruments for world-exploring toolset. You can see in it the reminiscence of what Symphony of the Night did to Rondo of Blood. The story of the series also goes in circles on the moebius band of time-travelling nonsense. The game may pass a self-parody for the long franchise with a few dozens of titles in it. And that may be a good thing sometimes."
76561198218014215,Recommended,239250,33533365,Posted: 14 July,all,Ryozen,good gameplay
76561198071188729,Recommended,239250,9299795,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ñoqui,"It's a fun game, the gameplay is fun, but it doesn't look like a 100% castlevania , I think the idea of putting dracula on modern time is creative but it could have used some more thought, and sometimes the characters are a little bit dull, but I'd recommend the game."
76561198008818427,Recommended,239250,9639709,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MrGarb,"Interesting game with many Pros and Cons.BLUF: Recomended IF you wait for a Steam Sale/game patching.Heres what I found to be the best and worst of the game, in order of presedence.PositivesGood story lineVery good visuals, particularily the scenery (it seemed this is where they put their most effort into.)Fluid, responcive, satisfying combat. Completley reminicent to the God Of War series.Good characters/voice acting. I personally enjoyed watching all of the cut scenes.Partialy destructable enviornment. Cans clutter and such.Challenging boss fights.NegitivesIt wants you to play with a game pad. The game does not seem to be designed for a mouse and keyboard. Every Single Time there is a quick time event the UI will come up telling you to spam things like the left trigger to an Xbox controller. Made me have to consult the key mapping way way too often.Claims to be partly open world when it really is not. You get to revisit previously traveled to destinations. Mainly rooms and hallways in a completley linear path.Dracula does not act like Dracula. You find yourself with menial tasks, and small obsticals that make little sence. You're supposed to be the Prince of Darkness.. Satan is concerned with how powerful you are.. but hold on I have to run down stairs to turn on a power switch to activate an elevator to go to the next floor. Tell me that's somthing a Vampire Lord would do.Silly stealth sections. Again, knowing forwell that Satan fears you, you decide to morph into a rat and sneak around a guard or two, here and there. Must be one hell of a guard.Insta kill if they find you btw. On that note, you never face them in open combat.Invisible walls. If a spot is not game essential, you're not going there. Don't expect an Assassins Creed style of play here.The game holds your hand the whole way through. The camera will usualy show you exactly where you need to go, how to get there, and have either a glowy thing waiting for you or a char shouting to you with explanations. Yet, some parts you just havent the foggiest bit of a hint of where to go.Low replay value. There are elements present to keep you busy after the main story is over, however I can't see entertainment value lasting with that; or starting a new save; albite there are always diffrent difficulty levels if you're into that.The only way to die in this game is in a giant explosion of blood. The enemies almost always blow up, or burst into blood. I think that greatly takes away from the feel of it.Another game that likes to kill off just about everyone. You catch onto the trend of: Oh a new guy. Guess he's the next boss..but this ones my opinion, maybe you just like all that murder.One list seems to be bigger than the other. Hrm.So to wrap up, The game has a solid foundation, and is fun; 15 ish+ hours gameplay. However there are some problems that sound like somebody put money over quality. I may have been nitpicking but this is a $60.00 game, and theres another $10.00 or so worth of DLC.Nothing is perfect, but if you're going to put somthing out at full price don't do it half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Regrettably, that seems to be what this is. They came so close but just didn't go all the way.As I said up top; Sure I'll recomend this title.. but not right now. This is somthing that you will enjoy playing, but not with the current pricetag/greavences.P.S.Is it just me or do the DLC costumes just look like a recolored version of what he's already wearing??"
76561198137728235,Not Recommended,239250,24290216,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Xedhadeaus,"Castlevania LoS2 Is what I would define as bad oatmeal. Strong elements of several kinds without a smoot transition is what makes the experience feel forced, or what may force you to have harsh feelings about the game. (Like I did)Merging strong storytelling with exploration using cutscenes is a big no in the experience category. When you find a new area or get past or to a boss or story area, you get a cutscene that either  shows you everything you want to find on your own, or tells you a story that moves you from the area before you can finish exploring. Other games manage this type of merge by using character narration or slowing the walk speed.Strong combat elements with excessive backtracking: Having to down half a dozen enemies who are tiered to what part of the main story you are on just because you are looking for something is what I hate most about the game. The lack of loot and a equipment system makes me lose the edge for excessive combat, but in addition to that, almost every enemy has a ranged attack that has huge hitboxes that they are all too happy to use deciding you would like to skip the battle. Most battles near the endgame or after you gained a new traversal ability are begun with a groan because you've been shot off a ledge to the point where you do want to fight just so you can enjoy the game. The mastery system ends way too early to entice excessive battling and credits are easy to get provided you dpend them properly upgrading skills you'll most likely use.The open world element is trashed by an isolated map system and the same looking load elevators and hatches. Find things in this game is met with repeatedly going the wrong way and passing points where you cannot backtrack through the area after you jumped down. The areas are intertwined somewhat and only one or two pllaces have this problem, but that tied with the block the area rests in being behind one of like 5 blue elevator doors makes the experience irritating and repetitive.But after you swallow those strong flavors and seperate them by improvising, you can stop to appreaciate the art and fluidity of the combat and the thought they put into hiding the upgrades. And then when all that is getting good... The game is over. It's metroid all over again. Get the screw attack, Find stuff, kill the last guy. I just hope there is a secret boss or something.The alucard dlc is honestly why I bought the game. For some reason, everything dracula backwards is in seems to get more polish than the game itself... for some reason, that's still true. Alucard has proper last gen hair animation, a shiny coat, skin that is also pale but not sickening to look at, skills that are practical, a sword and movelist that probably drove the fans crazy, and one of the coolest ideas for a puzzle element ever. It doesn't break pace ever, and it makes you feel like you're a strong character. Instead of being dracula where you never even got to beat one of the guards that caused you so much trouble without taking over their body and dropping their gun.It's one of those games that gets better when you play it. The start is slow, and the search is tedius, but after you play through it, you realize it is really a fantastic idea made into a just okay game. Where in my opinion, Lament of innocence probably takes the cake for a castlevania game, and alucard still takes the cake for the coolest vampire. Dracula should have stayed dead... Could have been a way better game."
,Recommended,239250,9422917,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Inu,"Despite the bad reception from the press, this game is  worthy of every single penny that you can waste on it.The combat has been so much improved that it would not be absurd to say it is one of the best combat systems i've encountered in a action-adventure game. The new weapons replace very well the light/dark magic system from LoS1.The exploration part is really solid, with a lot of powerups and collectibles for you to search for.The graphics are awesome and REALLY, REALLY OPTIMIZED. In terms of hardware, its very acessible.The story is very interesting and compelling, with some nice plot twists.The soundtrack is not as good as the first one, for it lacks the same quantity of high quality songs, inspite that, it still is a fantastic score.Can't wait until the DLC is launched on Steam so a i can continuing play this great game."
,Recommended,239250,33209875,Posted: 3 July,all,[SDTF2] Jacket,A great finish to the reboot.
76561197970543589,Recommended,239250,9264350,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,atomicWAR,Saw the IGN reviews and was skeptical about the quality of the new installment.  I am very happy to say the IGN reviewer has no idea what they are talking about.  The game is beautifully done.  The graphics finally feel like a step up from the console version (i felt LOS 1 PC version was almost identical to 360 version i also had).  anyways i am about two hours in and the game has me itching to play more. While it takes place in modern times you do get flash back sequences with your son trevor (before you turned him into Alucard) in a more classic castelvania setting.   If your a fan of the castlevania series you can't go wrong.
76561198027622317,Not Recommended,239250,9812079,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Link On,"the free camera makes it incredibly easy to be blindsided from off screen, the levels are so cluttered that the only way you can locate grabable ledges is when the game highlights them for you most of the time, just about has an unblockable attack for whtaever reason, even if the attack itself doesnt look like it should be. The story is complete nonsense, all I managed to gather was that you are dracula and you must stop Satan because of reasons. They pretty much removed all the clever platforming and normal puzzles that the first lords of shadow had. There is a new pointless stealth system that was poorly executed. While there are some improvements over its predeccessor, the bad far outweighs the good, don't waste your money. You're better off purchasing Dark Souls or Dark Souls 2."
,Recommended,239250,9316013,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,SunCommander,10/10 would play again except the ending and some silly stealth segments!
76561198042079425,Recommended,239250,9272978,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GunplaMeijin,"Castelvania: Lords of Shadow 2 is a wonderful ride from start to finish, with very few road bumps along the way. If you're a fan of action games, exploration games, or loved the first Lords of Shadow, there is plenty here to be happy about. However, if you were NOT a fan of the first game, there is little reinventing of the wheel here to pull you into the franchise.Gameplay: 8/10The exploration from the modern areas to the realm of Dracula's Castle is fluid. Dracula moves very intuitively, response time is great, and once the game really starts to open up its areas you really get this sense of a large scale fluid world. The negative here would be the platforming, or lack there of. Platforming in LOS2 is mostly just wall climbing from grapple to grapple. It can feel a little dull at times.Combat: 9/10The combat system from the first Lords of Shadow returns, but with a HUGE overhaul. It has been streamlined to perfection in almost every area. The pace at unlocking skills feels perfect, the variety of Dracula's weapons is interesting enough to keep combat feeling fresh, and the combinations of moves Dracula can perform make combat easily the most enjoyable experience of LOS2.Story: 8/10Continuing where LOS1's ending left off, the story of LOS2 is a great epic. There are moments in the story that had me jaw drop, the highs are fantastically done. However, there are low points. There are a few twists that you can see happening a mile away that occur, and there are two specific points in the story that really bring down the overall score. Without spoiling for those who haven't played, the two negatives I attribute to story are in the case of a character being VASTLY underused, and the game's ending.Music: 9/10It's awesome. Orchestral awesomeness. The somber tones, the high symphonies, everything. It's not classic Castlevania, but it deserves praise all its own.Graphics (PC): 8/10Even if there is occasional tearing and the odd lightning hear and there, LOS2 is very pleasing to look at. The game looks great.Other notes: As many have read, there are *stealth* sections in this game. I am not even going to dignify them to allow a drop in score, because they are NOT broken, NOR are they impossible. They slightly disrupt the flow of the game in some parts, but if you utilize ALL of your abilities (Shadow Daggers, Bats, Mist form, Possession) and use your brain, these sections are laughably easy. The most infamous response to these sections have been from Kotaku, who's reviewer got stuck on one particular section for FOUR hours. I completed the same section in less than two minutes. Use your abilities, and these sections are trivial.Overall: 8.75/10LOS2 is a great game that is sadly being underplayed by major media sources. It is NOT game of the year, sure, but this is a solid title that can stand on its own and a wonderful edition to the Castlevania franchise. Mercury Steam should be proud of LOS2, because they made a good game. I enjoyed my 14 hour playthrough, and will continue to play it for 100% and achievements."
76561198046685576,Not Recommended,239250,9402903,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dandelion,"It's a big improvement of the first game. No doubt about that. Also I would love to like this game but it's decent at best. I'm pretty sure they made it as irritating as they could. I'm going to list the MAJOR grievances I have with this game.EXAMPLE: At one point in the game, you have to ride an elevator. So you kill a bunch of enemies and go to the elevator to find out it has no power. Then you go back to the entrance and start the generator. All enemies respawn and you kill them again. When you're finally at the elevator there's still no power since the generator has a timer >: ( So back to the entrance again and start the generator AGAIN! Then back to the elavator a final third time. Frustrates me to no end.The game constantly pulls this sort of thing.EXAMPLE: You see a powerup just out of reach. You move through the entire area of jumping puzzles and climbing to get to the top. That's where the way to the powerup is found and you have to jump down all the way to the beginning to get it.Unnecessary and long cutscenes is also gravely irritating. I love cutscenes when they tell story and fill a purpose.When you fast travel you get a 15 sec cutscene when he ""opens"" the device, a second cutscene (10 sec) when he enters, and a third (10 sec) when he exits. That is not fast. When you enter the shop there is a annoying cutscene every time.To be fair though you can skip the cutscenes by entering the pause menu and selecting skip cutscene but that is also slow and annoying.Oh! I broke my keybord in half in pure rage recently when playing the challenges in this game. You don't get full health or magic between tries. You don't even get back the levels of hp and mp you had when you entered the challenge if you retry. And the goals in the challenges are not set to be fun. They are set to be as irritating as (un)humanly possible.And the chupacabra character. I seriously want to punch the creator of that guy. I'm dead serious.Other than that it's a pretty decent game. Combat is mostly fun and the whole idea with the castle(won't say more) was actually great. The lore is a good read and the existance of dodo birds is a great relief for any perfectionist. Also the freedom to run around the city and castle however you want (after you've unlocked the area) is a welcome change in the series.Oh! Also the story is pretty bad.If it's on sale and you're bored, buy it. Otherwise stay away!"
76561198013939637,Recommended,239250,10292072,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,irania_51374,love the game but steam won't let me play it!!!! the download keeps crashing at different point at which time I have to check the integerity and even then it starts to redownload then quues. I just want to play the game I payed 50 dollars for!!!!! this is BS!  FIX IT!!!
,Recommended,239250,10304111,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Racha buceta,"If you are in doubt about this game, dont be, BUY IT NOW! If you are a fan of vampires, werewolves, legends, Dracula, Dragons, And all the mythology of Castlevania, you need this game now. This is now one of my favorite games, playing this at 4k resolution show all the awesome artworks in the mininum details. By far one of the most artistic games ever."
,Recommended,239250,16003012,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TechnoWolf,"- Graphics :Very very good. Few glitches here & there. Still wondering why Dracul would have a shadow but no reflection (because they're kind of the same thing...). But a very nice and polished game graphically speaking. Artistic direction is... you know, quite nice. The environment are less numerous than in the previous game considering we really have two sets : the castle & the modern town, but both are cool to explore (yes, even the modern world).- Sound & Musics :Voice acting is yet again very good, musics are kind of below the quality of the first game's ones.- Gameplay :A bit better than the first game : it's still the same thinking but with more variety (you got a whip, your fists & a sword this time), the moves are really fun to launch and there's more strategy this time. The boss fights have also improved.... 'xcept the last one...- Storytelling :So, it's the conclusion, and all in all it's not that bad but there's one thing that totally ruined it for me : the ending. The last battle & the ending following that is one of the worst I've seen. Last battle : too easy and not at all making you feel involved in it. And the ending was totally rushed, it just sucks. This whole ending was completely rushed.- Length :Half the time you'll need to complete the first LoS, this game is much shorter (partly due to the fact that it's much easier)CONCLUSION :IT'S NOT A BAD GAME. You need to remember that. BUT:  it's lacking a lot in the storytelling (especially nearing the end) & in environment. I still recommend it because the whole experience isn't a bad one... not just the epic game everyone was expecting....."
76561198099260485,Recommended,239250,22506352,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,bwDraco,"I'm going to start by saying that my overall experience with this game is more positive than negative. While there are a few issues that detract from the overall experience, they are not serious enough for me to not recommend the game. Some key points follow.The combat system is an evolution of the one in the first game, with significant refinements that make for a very smooth experience. For example, you can dodge and parry attacks even in the air. While the skill trees for each of the weapons may seem labyrinthine at first, if you put some thought into how they're structured and how each of the moves are executed, you'll start to realize how elegantly designed Dracula's moveset is. Gone are the difficult-to-execute combos in the firstLords of Shadow; you now have a broad range of attacks that are easily performed with plenty of versatility for nearly any combat situation.Setting and environmental design is generally excellent. Both in the castle and in the city, there's a great sense of scale, and the level of detail put into the environment is absolutely incredible. Overall, it's designed in the open-world ""Metroidvania"" tradition, with plenty of exploration and discovery. Many level design cues have been taken from theAssassin's Creedseries, which isn't a bad thing since I've always liked their level design; likewise, when not in combat, Dracula himself handles a lot like Connor fromAssassin's Creed III. However, it is not completely flawless; ......in particular, some of the stealth sections need improvement. While the ones involving Golgoth Guards aren't exactly bad, Agreus's maze andCarmilla'sblood curse puzzle are questionably designed, leaving the player very little room for error which can lead to frustration.The story is good, but not great. Dracula as a character has some very nice background but scenario design can be a bit better and the ending is a bit too open-ended.Again, neither of the last two points are enough to take away my recommendation. It's sad that these (relatively minor) flaws in an otherwise well-executed game led to such negative critical reception from several expert reviewers. Playing as the Prince of Darkness himself has been an unforgettable experience for me and I ultimately enjoyed the game.Recommended."
76561197970554803,Recommended,239250,20869778,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"I don't think I've ever enjoyed destroying gothic furniture for bonus exp so much....But seriouslyCastlevania lords of shadow 2 was very hard for me to break into. I thouroughly enjoyed the first one, so much so that I was looking for the same "" magic "" in this game, the discovery and newness. Unfortunately it wasn't until about 3-4 hours in I started enjoying it. Perhaps I was trying too much to relive the the wide eyed amazement of the first game. Oh for sure, it's Castlevania, don't get me wrong, the story carries on extremely well from Lords of shadow 1 and mirror of fate and ties the 3 games together but I just didn't "" get it "" until that 3-4 hour mark.Graphically...supurb! I'm really amazed that this game engine looks so good and yet getting a decent framerate of 40-60 fps on full settings.Gameplay is alright, the combat can be monotonous.I enjoyed the story as it carries over from the previous two games.All in all a great game."
,Recommended,239250,30063319,Posted: 20 February,all,MuffinMan,"Mercury steam sequel of their reboot of the Castlevania series takes the ip back to its root of exploring an entire whole castle, where different sections have unique style, mechanics and monsters. It is probably the closest someone got to make a full 3D experience of Castlevania Symphony of the night. As for the first reboot the game is also at its core a spectacle fighting game.The story of the game is suspended between two moments in time. In the present, your character, Dracula, wakes up after a very…very long sleep and faces a the evil deeds that are being made in what remains of his castle, now part of a whole city with a high tech facility rule by evil itself. Dracula also has to gain back his lost powers and it will do so traveling back in time to his old castle. Unlocking new areas and abilities will allow Dracula to travel more and more freely to every part of the levels in the typical Metroidvania style. Enemies will respawn every time in the same place giving you always some challenge. It may though get to become repetitive (a common problem with backtracking in this type of game design). What will not become tiresome is how beautiful the environments are! Especially the old castle, simply stunning. The same effort was not exactly put into enemy design, which are a bit more repetitive than in the prequel (no more mounting on orcs or giant spiders!)The combat system is solid, strikes have impact force despite being almost all whip based and allow for a decent amount of combination, crowd control and power strikes, but not as much as tytles like Devil May Cry or Bayonetta. Mobility during combat is now much improved compared to the prequel, you can dash as much as you want in any direction, which really gives you the sensation of being a superpowered mischevious vampire that moves swiftly and strikes hard! The combat itself did not changed much from the first game. Magic attacks now use a sword and gauntlets instead of different colors of the whip attack, changing a lot the range of actions, but the combo scheme is copied into every weapon set (whip, sword and gauntlet alike).The interesting combat mechanic of the series, the focus mechanic, comes back. This mechanic builds up a meter for chaining combos and variation of techniques used (as the meter of score for Devil May Cry) and is set back to zero if you are hit. Instead of just being linked to a score rating this focus meter is directly linked to the combat. Once it is filled enemies start giving magic refill, which you can absorb to fill up one of your two magic style (healing/defense style with the sword or heavy attack style with the gauntlet).Timing your block properly is probably the most efficient way to build up focus meter and create opening to attack even stronger enemies. The sync block mechanic (such is the name of this timing block thing) will create a sort of light explosion which will stagger enemies and slow time for a bit, great visual effect and good for planning your reposte.I had the impressions that enemies and boss design had a step back compared to the prequel, but it may be due to the amount of time you will have to backtrack (especially for completionists).In conclusion, I liked playing this title as much as the prequel, it is probably a more direct 3D successor to Castlevania than the first Lords of Shadows. It has some flaws for sure, but it a solid title if you wish for a good spectacle fighter with a Castlevania flavor.  I really hope a third title comes out taking the good of Lords of Shadows 1 and 2, combining them and smoothing the mistakes. That would really be a great game…but unfortunately it is Konami we are talking about…so don’t hold your breath."
76561197960806386,Recommended,239250,34365755,Posted: 19 August,all,Martlz,"Such a great game just like the first unforgettable, only thing missing is more gore when enemies are killed. Where is this team that made it, there is no way raiders of the broken planet came from whoever made lords of shadow."
,Recommended,239250,9303330,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ass Boiler,"Don't mind the so called critics who gave 5-6 to this game. They gave 8 to Ghosts :)It's not perfect but for me it's 8/10.Good variety of environment, weapons, characters.It's plot is smooth, not boring and engaging. I don't have to talk about atmosphere. It was a great moment when i first walk in future (cutting here to avoid spoilers:))Combat could be better, for me even bosses is so easy. But it might get harder later.Graphics are perfect, considering it's an old-gen game. And it works great on ultra detail.If you want to buy it, do it. You won't regret."
76561198109240056,Recommended,239250,9599617,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Blackula73,"First of all I would like to start by saying that i am not saying go out and buy this game the only reason i put this underneath recomended is because i didnt want to rate it completley negatively. I do truly believe that steam needs a better review system like a point based system like the metascore, and that could be disabled underneath the metascore and that would be up to date unlike some of the metascores. But enough about that onto the game.So the big reason i got this game was because i loved the first one, it was a new take on the Castlevania story yet went back to the roots of game. The game was a linear platformer with linear progression and that was fine for me, the game had a fixed camera and i was also fine with that. But the thing that defined the game for me, was the amazing story with its incredible twists, the amazing art style and the puzzles and titan fights.And this where my issues emerge, mercury steam did a great job listening to the fans and on what they wanted changed, and in this case it was a bad thing(at least for me).They changed the game substantial, for starters they took out titan fights, you climb one at the begining but thats it you just climb him thats the first and last time you see a titan. And the main reason it was taken out was because people complained in the first game that the battle were to tideous and long and that it was just a ""Shadow of the Colusus"" ripp off. So Mercury Steam took those out in order to make the ""fans"" happy. Well i wasnt happy to see those go.They also took out the puzzle, again a large portion of the players didnt seem to like them, some because they found them ""to difficult"" and other because they ""slowed down"" the gameplay. Well i liked the puzzles, they did slow down the game play a bit, but i never found any of them to be to hard. i feel that they provided a good little mental challenge to the player, as well as reward i mean when you pass one of the puzzles that is deemed more difficult you feel pretty smart. But again Mercury Steam took these out to please fans.Now in Lords of Shadow 2 they actually replaced this with stealth section, which alot of people hated but i actually liked, everybody hates the agreus section i actually loved provide a bit of thrill, i remember hearing ""I got you!!"" and i was thinking ""What from where"" and then all of a sudden Bam!! i am dead me sceaming ""Mother#####"" that was fun(i am not being saracatic to clarify). And becoming a rat was just really funny and entertating.The combat was somewhat improved it was faster and more fluid,sync blocking is way easier and the best part is that it is easier to fill the focus meter. Now the camera thats a tough one when i am fighting i dont wana have to worry about moving a camera in oder to see the enemy, which wasnt a problem in the game, yet having a free camera opens up for a lot of exploration.The game has an mazing art style very gothic and a lot darker compared to the first game, now the small enemy design was great yet i wish there was a wider variety of enemys, because there wasnt many here, alot of the same enemys pop up in different areas, mainly those thorn guys, which made it some what boring, so thats one thing i didnt like,the bosses had amazing designs they all looked great my favorite was zobek's incarnation of death, and the giant levaithan,yet again something was missing, variety of fighting most of the bosses are fought on ground like santans acolytes and even the final boss is mainly just a gorund fight after destroying the levaithan, which to me was really boring especially for a final boss fight, i legit was not statisfied when i figured out this was the last battle,(spoliers)When you fall to the earth after beating the possesed alucard, what i was expecting was a giant battle to insue all across the city aganist santan but instead we get another lame cutscene where dracula simply stabs santan with the vampire killer or his combat cross, and then we get some vague dialouge between dracula and alucard, and then we get some awesome ending score to playt them off and the end. It just left a bad taste the mouth, an unstatsifying taste, that could have been better.(end of spoilers)Back to combat and battle a feel that the titans where neccasary , in the first game defeating the titan provided a feeling of gradure to the character, i made gaberial seem more than a man, something i didnt get from this game, i felt like the ""good"" gaberial was and is stronger than dracula(another spoiler) a part i thought was really cool was your battle with victor, it was like dracula was fighting his old self which was awesome but something they could have expanded upon more story wiseAnd that brings us to the story, long story short (haha thank you thank you ill be here all week), the story sucked so bad for me it was the fact that the first story was so good that i expected something even better my expectations were high and for good reason, yet the story not only fell short of expectations, but alot of others.I feel that they could have expanded upon so much, like dracula's stuggle with his own castle, dracula and his in self , they could have made not only fight his inner self but also his actual past self, and for that matter they could have made him fight all the people he killed in the first game like cornell, pan, the girl with the guardian titan, and so on. they could have added a little more to victors story and gave more purpose and so on.I could go on with the shouldve couldve games but we would be here all dayso in the end the game for me was good but not GREAT!!! and thats my problem is with the game that it could have been so much better, i know usually sequals arent as good as the orginal but thats a norm we cant accept everytime a game comes out it should be better then the last one, and for me Lords of Shadow 2 barely misses the mark for being at least as good as the last game. I do truly feel that listening to the fans might have hurt this game they took alot of good content.So i wouldnt pay 60 bucks for this game this is defintely like max a 30 dollar game for meits a story only game and when a game cant provide a concrete and amazing story and on top of that doesnt provide i solid and satisfying ending it doesnt deserve that full price.ps: a new dlc is set to come out this month in a few days actually but from what i have read and seen is that you dont get any conclusion, and story takes place before LoS2, pretty much alucard wakes up dracula and leaves him behind his powers. So i am not sure if ill pick it up. Will you guys?And what did you think about the game if you played it?and if you havent and have any questions go ahead and ask in the comments and ill probably get back you quickly?Thanks for reading!!!"
76561198064005118,Recommended,239250,10338978,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Mordconfessor,"Great game , Visuals are amazing been a castlevania fan since SOTN on PS controls feel very responsive on d-pad or keyboard. I havent experienced any issues with the game what so ever runs very smooth maxed out definately a must buy you wont regret it"
76561198007618668,Recommended,239250,30026449,Posted: 18 February,all,Rubhs,"Second part of this new Castlevania saga with a really weird new story of the Belmont's family.Story. Not amazingGameplay. Ok, not great with keyboard+ It's a Castlevania game but we still hate you Konami-  You are going to fight more against breakables than actually enemies but when you find them, they'll be a horde of summoners-gang-bangers-mini-bosses. Enjoy."
76561198287702991,Recommended,239250,23104376,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,deathweezle,"I strongly say play this game, it is an has given me the best adventure in a long time.the story keeps your mind questioning how will tghe piece's fall into place and oh my they do it well, combat very good hard to understand at first but once you have gotten to grips with it you can take on anything that dares to come between you and your final goal.From a personal opinion 10/10I only have mirrior of fate left and I am hungry for more demons to finish the story for good."
76561198002681709,Recommended,239250,13221612,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,zap451,"I have been a fan of this series since the first game was released on NES.Although I liked the lore/story of the first Lord of Shadows a lot, I felt the first game was a little bloated with filler and lacked a strong third act.Lords of Shadow 2 is a better game and sequel.  Its a great twist with the changing of time (past/present) through the game and the mulitple, over the top boss fights (I really like a game with boss fights). I would highly recommend this to fans of the series. Unfortuantely, if you have not played the first Lords of Shadow the story is a continuation and will not make sense.PROS: Beautiful graphics/music to match. Awesome environments in the past and present time spans. CRAZY boss fights! Better story than the first.CONS: Too many skills and weapon upgrades that are not necessary. I used about four out of each set.The transport system to teleport from each part of the city is far and inbetween.Final boss was a little underwhelming."
76561198032352680,Recommended,239250,29329016,Posted: 17 January,all,v = f λ,Great game. Almost as fun as the first. Well worth the money.
76561198006019148,Recommended,239250,9604083,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Mike_Charger,"As the sequel to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow, one of the most memorable games of 2010 I played. This game holds up very well and takes advantage of the modern setting it takes place in pretty well.That said, it does have flaws, but the main thing is you are not getting a buggy game. I found no bugs, glitches, or problems while playing.The stealth elements could have been handled better, considering Konami funded this you would think they have *someone* who knows a thing or two about that.But for what it is worth, the few instances of stealth were handled better than I thought they could have been. I did not find myself confused too easily by some of the stealth sections. But they were, at first, problematic due to the fact that they seemed forced rather than a natural progression of things.That aside the artwork for the game is awesome, yes, the modern city sections of Castlevania seem out of place. But that is not a flaw to me. Dracula's castle is not Castlevania. The city which is named as such, was built on and around Dracula's castle. So the design changes from running around a beautiful old castle and its environments. To an open city that looks nice, but is not as nice as the castle, is not such a bad thing.I am not going to obsess over art direction when I want a game's story to make sense. And the story only makes complete sense once you are near the end of the game. At first I thought it was poor writing. But I suspect it was a bit of Play Mirror of Fate to get the full story/purchase our DLC.Yes, I honestly feel that with the announcement of DLC. I think they *may* have cut story content just for the DLC. But everything comes together towards the end of the main game anyway.The bosses are fun, the exploration is fun, generally speaking if you are on the fence about this and you played the original. You will LIKE the sequel. I personally love it, and love the way the game came together in the end in my opinion."
,Recommended,239250,9325598,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,danzbyrd,"If you liked the first LoS, then this is a must play.  I feel like they improved everything from the first one.  I am very excited to finish up this story line."
,Recommended,239250,12065389,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Duskien,"Pretty fun. Not as good as the first one IMO, but good none the less. Combat Is extremely similar, which Is good since I loved the combat in the first game.Give it a go if you enjoyed LOS1, otherwise give it a miss. I'd also reccommend playing through on hard, definately adds to the experience. Soundtrack + visuals are pretty damn good, as are voices and locations. Enemy designs are also pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥ though they lean more towards demonic rather than in the first game where you had random enemies (eg. Spiders)"
,Recommended,239250,23611996,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,xJay4lastx,Loved the story line and gameplay. If you enjoy dark/scifi games I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,239250,10193841,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Doctor Medo,AWESOME !!!
,Recommended,239250,31289757,Posted: 21 April,all,墨非君,"Highly recommended.Good game. It's very different from the old Castlevania game I played many years ago on my Gameboy. This game has well-written story, and well-made combat system. The difficulty levels are well-designed as well. Both beginner and hardcore player can find their good match.Also, I like Dracula a lot. He is super handsome and powerful <3. Have anyone watched ""Hellsing OVA""? He is so much like Alucard lol."
76561198005622595,Recommended,239250,9267556,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[Ruzty],"I have been hyped for this game ever since the first one was released and I've been counting days up until it's release. Imagine my disappointment when all the be game sites butchered the game pre-release and chrushed my hopes of this game being what I wanted it to be.But jesus were they wrong, I'm enjoying the game a lot so far and from what I heard it only gets better as you get deeper into it. From all the negative things the reviewers mention I can't find myself to agree with any of them, if you really like Castlevania games and you're not sure because of the reviews you read, trust me just try it for yourself and don't belive everything you read.I've even enjoyed the ""terrible stealth sequences"" every reviewer and his grandma keeps going on about."
,Recommended,239250,9324221,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Sorriow,"Some of you toddlers may have read my review for 'Lords of Shadow', so I thougt that I might aswell post one for the third game in the series, the second beeing Mirror of Fate, which wasokay.Let me get to the positive points first.They really improved on the wannabee Prince of Persia plattforming. You can now press the left Trigger to give you hints in form of red marks, which show you locations of your next ""jumping spots"". Some may call it unnecessary casualisation, I call it an improvement over a failed and frustrating attempt at Warrior Within.The graphics seems fine and the framrate should be suprisingly high, even on older systems. Even with my GTX560, I had almost constant 100fps with maxed graphics.Now. I don't want to trash the game too hardly. It's still a solid one. But some new implementations are just godawful.If you aren't full of♥♥♥♥♥♥and played LoS, you might remember these 10/10 atmospheric moments with top notch camera angles. If not, here some examples:http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/504701268327813669/0BDACD7E2C2093E4DB84A6B3FE0060A0E1C13892/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/504701268255276858/55D677BEFBDC1758496B4A7DD00A72DBEA58453E/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/504700993958600731/8DB1D822F258B352A896716A055BB75F361410F1/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/504700993958546167/4317AEC029468B71D45767A6477C2756B3D04905/They ♥♥♥♥ed up on these. You barely see them in the game. The only place that comes near of them (Where young Alucard awaits you at the north tower) lasted for maybe 5 seconds.An even bigger dissapointment is the godawful story. I don't know which artistic♥♥♥♥♥♥wanted the series to go in this direction, maybe that hipser from Braid - I really don't ♥♥♥♥ing know, but its so awful it almost made me quit.With a more or less ""meh"" postgame, I think I quit after the first playtrough and won't go for a hardmode 100%. The motivation isn't there.5/10, still recommend it for people who want to know how ♥♥♥♥♥ going to end."
,Recommended,239250,11353331,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Musei kame,"the lords of shadow games are possibly the best castlevania games to come out since SoTN, they have a great amount of challenge, the areas are full of secrets to find, and although you arent getting new gear like in SoTN the rewards for exploring still feel substantial. The puzzles in this game are pretty challenging, sometimes i get lost for a pretty good length of time before i figure out where i need to go but even with all that it still manages to be fun and the story in the game is top notch."
,Recommended,239250,10464698,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,kohelhunter,This game was so much fun from beginning to end. I absolutley loved it.
,Recommended,239250,22758192,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Random faggot,This game is about Dracula searching for relics in garbage 10/10
,Recommended,239250,9264169,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,AcidSnake87,"This is without a doubt, the BEST Castlevania game in years. Story heavy to the point where you feel the need to press on and learn more about Dracula and his past, topped off with plenty of action for your counter/dodge heavy beat em up fix. Starts off a bit slow, but once your about 2 hours in, the game really takes off. Beautiful enviroments and enemies, likeable characters, responsive controls, and plenty of game. Has little annoyances like pointless stealth aspects but nothing of which that will take away from your modern Castlevania experience. Highly reccomend."
76561197991349738,Recommended,239250,9264432,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,lirrink,"One thing that any Castlevania fan should know:It has teleporters in the castle to travel around faster...Seriously, that alone really makes me so happy! I just played a very happy like 4-5hours and I can't wait to play more. The combat has improved and there's more versatility. The character progression is slightly enhanced from the first one but with more options it is still great. But In all honesty, this'll be one of the few games that I'd pay opening day price for like I did and feel like so far its been worth it."
,Recommended,239250,9263015,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xeno828,"Ignoring all the reviews these so called game lovers publish, this game stays true to itself, it's the same style as the previous we all know and love, yes the graphics aren't next gen, but to be honest who cares when you are enjoying what your playing, it really brings a new meaning to the style of hack and slash while still having that gabriel style humor we all love.I would 100% recommend this to anyone who has played the first LoS, and would certainly recommend this to anyone who is new to the series.Certainly worth the money!!"
,Recommended,239250,32864409,Posted: 27 June,all,mArKa,They don't make games like this often anymore.
76561198016096620,Recommended,239250,9267781,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[Hait]Rory,"I really hate writing reviews being a gamer is like real life trial and error. That being said , the first to me was a breath of fresh air and the first 3d modeled castlevania that was worth playing. This one a marvel i love it could not put the gaming pad for hours .If you love vampires - fighting a la God of War - a great adventure ... get it ."
,Not Recommended,239250,9345206,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,VAMPIRE_R0B0T,"Horrible.  Do your self a favor, save your self some cash,  and just play the first game in the series again."
,Recommended,239250,9263438,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Now I'm Motivated,"The reviews were wrong in my opinion, giving it mediocre scores and saying the original was better. Besides the questionable stealth sections, this game is vastly superior to its predecessor. Im about four hours into the game and I'm enjoying this way more than LoS. The introduction of the Void Sword and the Chaos Claws shake up the gameplay and give it more flavor than using the whip all the time in the first game. The story is much more interesting than the first game and the combat feels much smoother and more rewarding. The enviroments are beautiful and the sound design is flawless. I'm already loving this game and I'm glad I ignored the review scores and picked it up anyways. So far I give this game an 8.5-9/10 but ill see if that changes when I get later into the game."
,Recommended,239250,9265336,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,rupert,pretty good game i must say lol
76561198034320701,Not Recommended,239250,9394836,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Sigmaverick,"Terrible game, confusing story , annoying stealth section and uninspired combat are ruining what should have been a good sequel.The strong points of this game is the graphics and music, apart from that stay as far away as possible from this game , really disapointing."
76561198003138737,Recommended,239250,9261971,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,OwlyOwlman,"The reviews are all saying terrible things about this game, and there's nothing terrible about it. The gameplay is great, the combat is solid, even a little more fast paced than LoS1 - but still feels like Gabriel, which is good. It feels like a sequel, and it doesn't butcher the Castlevania name - it's a good game. Easily a 7/10.DO NOT TRUST THE REVIEWS. They're utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,239250,9262230,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,MMY,Awesome style. Interesting gameplay. Great storyline.Perfect sequel.
,Recommended,239250,9263483,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Improvement on every aspect from LoS1, sequels gets bigger, better and crisper (with HD textures for the PC version). Incredibly beautiful, Lords of Shadow 2 gives you back the exploration of Castlevania games and overall it feels like a spiritual successor of Blood Omen.Don't believe bad reviews, this game is superb, get it."
,Not Recommended,239250,9301018,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ryn Rly,"Where do I start?The goal here was to improve upon on a good game that many claimed to be a ""God of War"" clone. Which it had similarities, sure, but to call it a clone is blasphemous. In fact, it possessed many qualities that made it superior even. The story, and acting was much better, for instance.The original had so many things going for it, and I for one, thought the fixed camera really showed you how beautiful the environments were. Lush forests, large abandoned temples, etc. Those things are replaced by castle, and rainy, dark alleyways. Not much variety there.The gameplay itself suffers from the new and 'improved' camera system. I feel like the fixed camera was done away with because we're sitting here saying to ourselves ""It's 2014, we're past this. Resident Evil was frustrating."" The truth is, it functioned very well in LOS, and you didn't have to fight that while also fighting swarms of enemies. That's the real issue with the new camera. You have a very claustrophobic point-of-view, and can't admire the environment even if it was really a sight to behold.  In fights, it backs out a little, but sometimes getting caught in an awkward corner and trying to manuever the camera while unleashing a planned combo at the time is not very fun. It turns making a well-timed block into a ""I can't see if the enemy is attacking"" kind of fight.The other issue is the story. The ending of LOS set the bar very high for this game, which is a little unfair, admittedly. I do feel like the game lost some punch in its delivery when it canned the narration from Patrick Stewart. And sometimes during the cutscenes, it doesn't feel like the acting is very into it. Very subdued, and uninspired.I could say more, but I can barely stomach the amount of time I've put into this game as it is.In shorter terms; Every area where LOS2 planned to improve upon its predecessor, it instead falls flat on its face."
,Recommended,239250,9677304,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,v1icis,So much Awesome! I really recommend to all who want a vampire/Requien Slash game.
76561198041220855,Recommended,239250,9297180,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,|GBL|Overlord,"Don't believe IGN, Gamespot, etc. Believe the gamers, and the fans of the series. This is a great game, a worthy successor to Castlevania LoS."
,Recommended,239250,9319389,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,felek121,Could be better
,Recommended,239250,9278970,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,BakedCookie,"First thing's first- many mainstream reviewers heavily underrated this game, sometimes to the point where I wonder if they played a different game. It baffles me even more when they say things along the lines of ""I loved the first game but this doesn't even come close"". That my friends is a lie, it is a lie because Lords of Shadow 2 improves in many areas of the first game and it amounts to it being an overall better game. I'd also like to add that this game performs better on PC than the first one. Let that sink in- this game with a free camera and an hd texture pack performs better than it's fixed point camera, straight up console port predecessor. I'm not entirely sure who was responsible for the port, but whoever it was the port is done well, with all the main options present as well as some gameplay customization thrown in for good measure.THE BADLet's kick it off with the things LoS2 does not do well, because trust me- while it is a great game it is not devoid of flaws and when they pop up, they show. I think we can universally agree that the stealth sections are a pain the the♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's not even that they are boring to some (I personally enjoyed the first two hours of the game where the majority of stealth happens) but that they lack the fidelity to make them truly enjoyable and sometimes that they are kinda going against common sense. The latter comes into play most prominently in one boss pre-fight and one later city stage. Those were the only two places in the game that I was stuck for 15min straight just going ""why game, why would you make me do this"". Aside from the sections where you are stripped of your powers and must rely on stealth (that being the beginning, around 0.5 to 1.5h into the game) the stealth amounts of about 30 minutes of the entire game at maximum. So while it has some clear issues it's not something you'll be doing a whole lot.Another negative point I would nitpick is the level layout design (not the design itself), in that this being an open world game it should be easy to navigate it, however I find myself wondering how to get to that one place I've been to previously and my best bet is to just wonder around until I find it. Now let me be clear- this is not a problem when it comes to the main storyline because for that purpose the game gives you a minimap with a quest marker (and it works very well as a matter of fact) it only becomes a problem when you unlock new powers and want to revisit older areas to collect the things that were previously out of reach. This problem I feel is a direct result of the game being as grand as it is- the sheer amount of vistas, sceneries, ruins and wrecked architecture left little in the way of a 100% clear and intuitive way to traverse it. And in contrast to the stealth sections I feel it would be hard if not impossible to make the world easily accessible without sacrificing some of the great art direction and good design choices. That said the quick travel system that you unlock sometime into the game could offer more places to warp to and not just a few general districts.From a technical aspect the environments, especially in the city sections, could use some higher resolution textures and maybe a bit more detail to boot. Especially on the cars.THE GOODThankfully the game has more than enough to counterbalance it's faults and come on top. Let's start with the combat system because it is pure bliss here. In the first game, while I enjoyed the combat I always felt that launching enemies into the air is completely unviable and that the dodge move was kinda sluggish. That has thankfully been revised in LoS2 and the combat is smooth, fast and very responsive. The dodge is now a dash that can be chained together to either cover distance (combine with sprinting for best results) or quickly angle around an enemy. It is very responsive and can be triggered from both the ground and air, meaning you no longer have to be afraid of going airborne as you can always dodge out of any enemy attack.   The physics of the world have also been altered slightly so that controlling Dracula feels just right. A change from the original is also the Void/Chaos magic which, when activated replace your default blood whip with either the void sword or the chaos claws. These come with their own abilities and mastery trees. It's a great improvement to the old system where activating either would just apply an effect to your combat cross. Here you actually get a different weapon, with different range and different moves. The Void/Chaos magic extends into subweapons which give you a LOT of variety to your combat style. Overall the combat just feels great and rewarding, rarely (if ever) did I feel like it was the games fault when I died, as there is always a technique or an approach that will result in your victory. That said, it is important to learn some enemies patterns as they can sometimes be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥if you forget that said enemy has a certain pattern of unblockable attacks that you must dodge.Onto the visuals then, which I feel are absolutely gorgeous. The animations of every character are great, Dracula himself is very fluid in his movements which is quite critical as you'll be staring at him quite a bit. This shows especially in the platforming bits where Drac jumps from ledge to ledge in quite the Spiderman fashion. The texturework is stellar on the characters, great in the castle and great/good in the city. I wish it was more consistent but for what it, it passes in every respect with just a slap on the wrist for the odd texture in the city. Overall I'd say the game screams high fidelity (and don't even get me started on the facial animations/textures, they are finger-licking good). But what are good graphics without good environments to put the into? Thankfully I feel the game delivers that too. The castle has locations that made me just stop for a few seconds (or was it minutes?) to just take in the surroundings, their creative value being just that high. The city, surprisingly, did too. Granted it has some bland locations when compared to the castle, but it also has some stellar gothic architecture melded with a cityscape with some impressive statues to boot. I feel like the first parts of the city that the player sees really do it injustice at it is mostly based around cubes and blocks (sciences district, I'm looking at you). The other districts offer more variety, and in general I really liked going to the city. It also helps that the enemy design in the city is some of the best I could imagine for this game. I half expected to get some generic futuristic solder or something but instead I got Castlevania's version of the Combine from Half-Life. I think it goes without saying I was most impressed with how they handled it. Enemy design in the castle is equally creative, however I'm going to cop out here and say that the castle is the most memorable enemy. I'm not going to spoil anything here, but let's just say if MercurySteam ever got their hands on the Silent Hill franchise, I would actually anticipate the next installment. To wrap this part up, the art assets, the direction and execution are almost stellar in this game. What keeps is from being truly great are the few bland environments in the city, and some environmental texturework that is not up to snuff at times.CONCLUSIONI'd love to write more but I'm getting close to my word limit, my summary would be that when the end credits rolled I felt like I played a great game and a great final installment to the Castlevania trilogy. It didn't end in a cliffhanger, but it didn't answer everything either (in a subtle manner). If I had to rate the game I'd give it an 8.5/10, the extra 0.5 is for the replay value- after completing the game I only uncovered 30% of secrets and still have challenges to complete. And I can't wait to get back into the fray, completionist style (and trust me, few games do that to me)."
76561198035816354,Recommended,239250,9295728,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,EsauD1,"This is a great game, that for some reason got trashed by a lot of gaming sites, for the worst reasons, most of them reviewers sounded like they only played a demo of the game, and went on to make their review. I can easily say this game is phenomenal. Thanks to those guys this might be the last castlevania game like this we  will see in a really long time. One thing that is very  easy to spot is that it does borrow from other titles, but it grabs the great ideas. For instance at one point it reminded me so much of metal gear, and a few minutes later it took me  on an a train ride a la unchardted 2 style both of which were very fun parts of the game. It has very very good looking graphics, an amazing soundtrack, awesome combat system, and a lot of collectibles. The story is pretty cool too I absolutly don't understand again why a lot of the so called professional  critics, scored it so low. I own hundreds of games outside of steam, I know when a game really really sucks to the point of it just being unplayable or not worth my money, but this game is worth every single cent I spent on it. You will really like it if you are into adventure games that make you explore (metroidvania games) or the castlevania series, just take it slowly enjoy the views the atmosphere, learn the combat system, and you will love it."
76561198075635560,Recommended,239250,9321548,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Jikii,"Simply an awesome game, even better than the 1st one."
,Recommended,239250,12561916,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,XxDarkSecretsxX,I loved this game ive always been a Castlevania fan but seeing Dracula's side of things was great it could play this game any day the game follows Gabriel Belmont after becoming Dracula and fighting agianst Satan and his acolytes. For someone thats never played it download the demo im sure you wont regret it.
,Recommended,239250,13131375,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Judas622,"As a fan of Castlevania from the NES days, this game is a great addition to the lineage of games that KONAMI have released under this IP. Good game overall, not finished yet...but I won't put it down for long. Like everyone else, I fail to understand the MC score as well...I highly recommend this game to Castlevania fans."
76561198006304047,Recommended,239250,13166644,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sanschanger,"I loved ""Lords of Shadow"" and the intermediary sequel, ""Mirror of Fate"", but I heard a lot of bad news about this game before it came out on Steam. There was a letter from someone in the development team that talked about how the production was disjointed, some bad reviews, etc. There was no way I was going to pass on it though.The player returns again to the role of Gabriel Belmont, who is now Dracula. Following a tutorial level that takes place in his castle, the game is divided between two major environments, both of which are ""free to explore"". The first is the city of Castlevania in the 2040s or 2050s (mostly modern, but with some nice cyberpunk and gothic touches), while the other is Dracula's castle of antiquity (which has been destroyed in the modern day, but still exists as an extradimensional realm; I don't believe it is in Dracula's mind).Unlike the fixed camera angles of ""Lords of Shadow"", this game features a true 3rd person over-the-shoulder camera. It is well executed, and allows the player to really drink in the beautiful visuals that drip ambience. I personally preferred the castle to the modern levels, though.Combat still consists of basic attacks, combos, dodging, special weapons, and special powers. I have to admit that most of the fights were a bit dry for me. Most enemies require a single special tactic to defeat, and I frequently found myself looking for ways to bypass them (and there aren't enough ways in the game to do so). The designs are interesting, but fighting even common enemies frequently took as long as a boss fight; that was annoying.The boss battles are a lot of fun, mixing again a good amount of combat, quick-time elements, cinematics, and great music. Unfortunately the game suffers from boring boss battle environments; like the first game, it's usually just a sort of open arena (though the music, in my opinion, imparts the sense of swinging around to avoid attacks and other epic thoughts.)The voice acting and story are still excellent. Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart really have to carry most of it, and they do great jobs. The game takes some time to defeat, though all the events occur in a single night (this is undoubtedly longer for Gabriel/Dracula, since half of the game involves him traveling to his other-dimensional castle).The music in this game is AMAZING. It's probably my favorite video game score, and possibly my favorite of both video games and movies. To say that composer Óscar Araujo accomplished something amazing would be an understatement.Despite so many similarities, this game didn't feel the same as the first ""Lords of Shadow"", so I can't say this one is either better or worse. There are some weak points in the gameplay (such as some enemies that Dracula is NEVER able to defeat in combat, regardless of how powerful you become), but this is balanced by some truly amazing scenes as well (the train battle comes to mind).In some way it is more ""Castlevania"" than the first game, and less so in other ways.Ultimately, I would recommend highly it to Castlevania fans as well as fantasy action fans. It's a shame that this game will be the last in the series (to my understanding). Mercury Steam and the designers did a great job of creating a Castlevania series that represents Western concepts and artistic values over the Japanese anime style that the original games devolved into."
76561198062420651,Recommended,239250,13284983,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Shining Spear,"I loved the hell out of the first Lords of Shadow, and I enjoyed this game as well. However, it's not without its share of problems.First and foremost, there's the setting. I didn't mind the fact that a significant portion of the game was set in the near future, but the open nature of the environments (both the castle and the city) seemed to sap the creative element from their design. Yes, it's cool that all of it links together, but that feeling of exploring strange new landscapes with all their weird quirks has been completely sacrificed. I get that it works with the plot, but I feel like the game would have benefited from having a level structure like the first.Speaking of plot, there's the second problem. The story in LoS2 doesn't stack up to the first game at all, opting to go with a campier plot more reminscent of other Castlevania games than the original Lords of Shadow. While this isn't inherently a bad thing (I love Castlevania as a series, cheese and all), there's a massive plot hole introduced at the beginning of the game that is never resolved. Dracula was defeated at the end of Mirror of Fate, but apparently rose up again at some point between that game and this one. This is entirely glossed over in the main narrative and only offhandedly mentioned in Alucard's lore entry. I might be expecting too much out of the story of a Castlevania game, but it bothers me nonetheless given the detail and work put into the first game.Then there's the stealth sections. Oh god, the stealth sections. For the most part it's not too bad; there is one enemy type that requires you to go around instead of confronting directly. These sections are mostly just mild hiccups in the pacing (which also isn't quite as good as the first game), but the final one is absolutely one of the worst segments I've had the displeasure of playing through. Not only is this segment immensly frustrating, but you battle the thing you were sneaking around immediately afterwards; no new weapon, no new powers, no upgrades whatsoever. You just fight it straight away, essentially rendering all the work you just did completely pointless.Fortunately, it's not all bad. The combat is a ton of fun, giving you three different weapons with distinct features and fighting styles. It also looks fantastic; though I disparaged the nature of the new environments earlier, I can't deny the level of detail put into the city and Dracula's castle. The creatures and characters all look great too, from the detailed facial animations of the humanoids to Satan's grotesque abominations. Voice acting is solid; the actors did a good job delivering the lukewarm script in a believable way.All in all, Lords of Shadow 2 is a solid action game with a few flaws. Go into it expecting more of a Devil May Cry experience than a Lords of Shadow 1 experience and I think you'll be able to derive more enjoyment from it that way."
,Recommended,239250,13371031,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[TSC] TheHolyDarkness,"Allow me to add to the chorus that says ""The Metacritic Score is a lie.""This was a good game. Though it differs from the first. It is by that measure that I think its best compared.+Graphical Presentation+The first game had your character crossing an elaborate, Lord of the Rings like world with plenty of variety and set pieces. It was absolutely beautiful.None of that beauty comes close to be realized here. Instead, what you get is an atmosphere......THAT ACTUALLY FEELS LIKE CASTLEVANIA!There are many reviewers who will cry at the fact that the last game was prettier, but here, you are in a dark, moody castle with full control of your camera and dammit I just couldn't help but love how it actually felt like you were involved in a dark tale of vampires and demons, unlike the first. So between this and the first, its an apples to oranges comparision. In the end, the graphical presentation gives you that SoTN feel that the first game was missing (the sexy mountaintops of LoS1 be darned).+Story (Spoiler Free)+The first game was about losing faith. The second game is about redemption. Obviously. What else is new? What's important here is characterization and voice acting delivery. To which it does an absolutely fantastic job of delivering. Though, in my view, its story is not as heavy as the first, given that every single chapter in LoS1 had Captain Picarde himself explaining what the heck is going on in detail. We really could've used that narration to explain some of the strange stuff having in this castle-city. Like what the heck is a castle doing here in the first place? That was a head-trip, but hey, its Dracula; his castle be constantly respawning I guess.So here's what I recommend you do before jumping in here: 1) Play the first game first (or read its cliff-notes). 2) Play Mirror of Fate (or read its cliff-notes) . They frequently make references to the first game and the hand-held tie-in so if you skip these steps then expect a confusing plot.Given that I didn't skip these steps, I found LoS2 to make for a pretty good story. Certainly has more heart than most games these days. It's like a DMC that you can take seriously.+Gameplay+Here is the one place where I can say without a doubt that it delivers better than the first game. You see, LoS2 is easier than the first, for all the RIGHT reasons.The first had some Nintendo-hard bulls*** issues holding it back that have been fixed. For one, you have more options given the three weapons to choose from. The lame Light and Dark Magic system is replaced by an Ice Weapon and Fire Weapon.  In the first game, you only switched to Light to heal on occasion and that was it, as you were constantly struggling to fill up the focus meter to fuel your heals. Dark magic was never used. It was nothing more than an unimportant DPS buff.Here, the replacements to the old magic honestly feels different enough for you to want to mix it up, what with the fire ability being able to break enemy shields and blocking (in addition to doing more DPS), and the ice sword having some mean crowd control abilities (in addition to healing you). Filling up the focus meter is much faster and easier so you can continue to fuel these things without fear, and with the camera in your control, you just won't feel as frustrated as before.The side items and powers are must more useful as well, and a power you get later on adds a whole new dimension to to your defensive options. Overall, I'd say LoS1 comes no where CLOSE to being a steller action game in the gameplay department. It was servicable and that was it. Here, we actually have a system that's as fun as God of War.  YOU FEEL LIKE YOU'RE GOD-DAMNED DRACULA, AND NO ONE CAN F*** WITH YOU! You ARE the final boss of over 30 games, and nothing can stop you, only slow you down.Hell yeah.About the only thing relatively weak are the stealth sections, which make sense only at the start of the game...how is it that you're a threat to Satan, but these red guys can blow your♥♥♥♥♥away doing 9999 damage per shot? I need Captain Picarde to explain. Fortunately, such sections are mercifully short and easy.There are also fewer puzzles than the first game. But who cares?+Overall+Overall I give this game a 7.9/10. Its not the greatest thing since Bayonetta but taken as a whole, the Lord of Shadows series offers the best story in the action game genre today...taken as a whole.  View Lord of Shadows 1 and 2 as one really long epic and you're pretty much doing it right. When the dust clears, you'll likely give this game a worthy playthrough on New Game + and have fun with it as well."
76561197980617260,Recommended,239250,9767513,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Neotomx,"This is an awesome game! No need to explain more! If you are a Castlevania fan, you will like what they did with this alternate story. Much more compelling and everything makes sense."
,Recommended,239250,12047647,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Bustin,"I honestly like this. If you enjoyed the first one, give It a go. That being said, If you didn't like the first one you won't like this either. Combat etc is extremely similar"
,Recommended,239250,9273739,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DANZIG,"Excelent game, awesome esthetic, great challenges and seriously on popular review pages this got a 7? Its a 9 or even more.Keeps all the essence of old castlevanias, beating bosses to upgrade your skills, running through the castle killing creatures, solving puzzles and finding secret walls/etc. Reminds me a lot of old Castlevania series, but on a next gen game.Thanks Konami! Hope I see more of this games!"
,Recommended,239250,9310606,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Haorn,Not exactly what I was expecting but it still has the satisfying hack n slash and great gothic-noir scenery I was looking for.9/10 - made a mess in my pants.
76561197964732751,Recommended,239250,9311689,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,»Zba« Freakgood(swe)Warmin,Simply put do i recommend this game? Yes.. Why? well if u like good grahic mix with great gameplay the game is for you.. If your in to the story i might say wait untill the game is on sale due to the storie line is all over the place
76561198250544676,Recommended,239250,21901929,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,jb2097,"It's games like this that really make me wish Steam has 3 recommendation buttons: thumbs up / thumbs down / apathetic shrug. Because LOS 2 is far from the great game the first one was, but also isn't totally crap - I'd say it's about 60/40 on the quality divide.If you played LOS 1 you'll recall it finished with a gob smacking reveal - that had me extremely curious as to how the developers would follow up on this audacious twist. As it turns out - not particularly well. It's a beat em up platformer just like the first, but in this case the camera is moveable - which makes a big, and unwelcome, difference as it is slightly too far out to see the action, and also gets obscured by the ridiculous amount of special effects that happen with EVERY attack.The game begins back in ye olde days with Dracula's castle being attacked by a giant robot that looks like a building. At first I was like WTF  is that?? because it looks utterly stupid - until I remembered the Titans from LOS 1: those majestic towering elemental creatures that were so impressive. Well, this is one of those - except it's been put through the moronometer, and come out with totally dumb design. Technically impressive for sure, but so NOT Castlevania!If you hated the liberties the first game took with the series design - you'll be frothing at the mouth over this one....and I'd probably best not mention it gets even worse when the game jumps back to the present day, because those bits will  likely cause your brain to explode in disgust. They annoyed me, and I wasn't bothered by LOS 1's changes.In the modern day bits you begin by traipsing through a pharmaceutical warehouse, beating up crates and plastic barrels - but not the enemies because you are too weedy after starving yourself of blood for hundreds of years. Yet there's a cutscene where Dracula gleefully murders a family of three - kid included - to regain some of his strength, and to show you how EVIL he has become...err, okay ...not really selling it so far (mainly due to Robert Carlylse's utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥performance), but whatevs!Anyway, because you've become a total wimp  the first enemies you face have an enforced stealth aspect, which is pretty basic - and by the way, said enemies are big dudes in demonic armour with a gun bigger than you are.......Wot tha fudge?Eventually you get through these dull encounters, and get sucked back into ye olde times - which thankfully are (a) much more enjoyable, and (b) less crap stylistically, though the first boss you face in this world isn't the greatest to look at. Duff them up, explore a bit more, and then...it's back to the crappy warehouse, traipse thru that some more, and it's back to ye olde world. The games a YOYO!!! Ye olde world =good, modern day=big bag'o'shitoBack in yon days of lore there's a bit with these creepy snake headed girls that's very....creepy, as they skitter about, and contort themselves in a fashion that really won't be doing their spine any favours. They're genuinely disturbing, yet at the same time it's such a pity the whole game seems incapable of maintaining the menace they exude.The boss battle that precedes this bit has an awfully written cutscene, that's very japanese (even though the devs are spanish...) With an overtly sexual demonic villainess who laughs like a demented walrus, and then says you make her wet....yeeeessss, ok then. The bizarrest thing about all this - the first game had Hideo Kojima involved and wasn't this bad, this time around he was nowhere near this game and it's even more Hideo Kojimaesque than Hideo Kojima.And, well, that's as far as I've got so far : that's an awful lot of crappy aspects for the first 3 or 4 hours of a game. There's still some enjoyment to be had with it, but it's a shadow of LOS's greatness and a horrendous treatment of Castlevania.On the plus side - Patrick Stewart is much less awful this time around, so there's that. So, here goes - time to push the 'meh' recommend button, oh wait - there isn't one."
,Recommended,239250,13577735,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gutsgrinder,"An amazing game and a really cool history!If you're a true gamer, you need to play this awesome game. 100% Recommended.The first part is even better but a true Castlevania's fan will love this one."
,Recommended,239250,14074498,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Akka,"Somehow this game is even LESS like Castlevania than Lords of Shadow 1.It's like Mercury Stream's objective was to cram in as many aspects from OTHER successful games as possible, hoping that by emulating them that they'd make a blockbuster. This game took a lot of chances by drastically distancing themselves from the traditional Castlevania formula and judging by the abysmal metacritic score, things didn't pan out for this game as the devs had hoped.Dracula endures stealth segments like metal gear solid and at times transforms into a rat to covertly delve into enemy ground, very much like the morph ball from Metroid Prime. Also instead of a level select book like in the prequel we now have a psuedo open world to explore, like SotN. Beating up enemies is a 1:1 conversion from the previous game and the rockclimbing simulation aspect was reigned in just slightly.I have a few gripes about this game. Though the overhead map in the corner ensured I'd not be lost for very long, I still managed to get stuck in several rooms scratching my head hoplessly trying to figure out what to do or pick up to continue. Eventually I'd stumble upon whichever asanine detail of the room I had missed in my multiple examinations.This game's biggest shortcoming is the plot. The writers had an outline of what they wanted to have the main character do and feel, and while they try to explain his motivation the game just feels full of holes.This game is like a delicious recipie with some fresh ingredients, but the chef forgot to stir the pot as it was cooking so now the meal separated. Rather than blend together into one satisfying experience we have competing facets of gameplay (flavors) that seem to detract from one another.I heard mercury stream had a lot of problems. Maybe if the people running the company paid their employees and stopped enforcing their asanine and uninspired ideas over the people who had experience making games then this game would have been better recieved.As it is only TWO people on my ~200 friend list have bought your game and BOTH dropped it more than halfway through.Despite all this game's shortcomings it has plenty to offer and overall I enjoyed playing it."
76561198006464135,Recommended,239250,9324870,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,-UM- Abbz44,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 is the latest in the Castlevania franchise. This title is a hack and slash action oriented game that is not for the faint of heart. Those who dislike blood and gore are likely to turn away from this game, however those who like blood guts and gore can go nuts. Fans of Castlevania will appreciate this game to a point, however those new to the series may find things a little confusing.For starters, the control system in the game is very fluid for the most part. Abilities can be used at will depending on the situation at hand. Swapping between the 3 weapons you get in the game is very smooth, switching from one to the other and back again at the touch of a button while keeping a combo going. The combat in general is smooth, however there are minor things that can be very disheartening for newer players. Unblockable attacks can be overlooked given the amount of things going on in a heated battle at times. For example, fights with a lot of dirt, rubble, blood and enemies flying everywhere can sometimes (not always) block your view from unblockable attacks meaning you are going to get hit. And in a life or death situation this is very annoying.The difficulty of the game varies between 4 difficulties, 3 of which are available from the outset. The 4th difficulty is unlocked by beating the game once. A veteran of games from series like Devil May Cry will not find the initial ""hard mode"" all that difficult. While it can be a challenge at times managing the players health and resources on hard, it isn't deathly hard. For newer players the easy and normal difficulties can provide their own challenge, but all in all things are very much dumbed down for ease of play.Graphically, this game is incredible. The HD textures make everything within the environments stand out. From the tiniest pebble on the ground to the largest building in the distance, the developers have not skimped on anything. The whole game looks amazing from start to finish. The addition of several hundred pieces of concept art makes the whole look of things even better. The animations for every enemy, and every npc are very fuild, very good at depicting a certain realism about things.The music in this game is also once again incredible with a few minor exceptions. Certain cutscenes have music that just doesn't fit at all. No emotion is felt from the music, no meaning. However that is just a few places. For the most part the music, and sounds in general are very well placed, very well composed and very well done overall. Voice acting is quite good, at times it's a bit questionable however again for the most part it fits, and is very well done by the actors including Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart.Now. The major gripe I have with this game is the lack of direction throughout a lot of the games ""open world"" sections. Your minimap shows you the general direction on where to go, but a lot of the time you can spend a fair amount of time searching for the way to go. This could be a ledge to grapple, or a wall to walk around. For the most part things are easy to spot, but there were several times where I had to look around the area, after backtracking and re-entering the room just to find where to go next.To conclude, I would give this game 8/10. It is a good solid game, well built and with a lot of nice features and well crafted gameplay. If you like hack and slash adventure games then this is a definite pick-up. 15 hours of solid gameplay minimum, well over 20 with NG+ and challenges, as well as the concept art collection. Those who know the Castlevania games of old may frown upon its story, but give it a shot and you'll like it."
76561198095740934,Recommended,239250,9325972,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,jyhad666,"Muito Bom!!!!- Excelentes graficos, principalmente se seu computador aguenta rodar tudo no max com o pacote de texturas em HD- Sistema simples e fácil de combos com evolução intuitiva de habilidades e magias- Ambientação simplesmente arrasadora, principalmente nas partes antigas. As partes modernas ficaram boas mas Clastlevania é um jogo que precisa te levar ao passado com suas construçoes em pedra e com uma ambientação escura e sinistra- Ele é longo, de uma forma positiva e diferente do primeiro, não é como se o jogo te enrrolasse para durar mais, mais ele tem fôlego para te prender realmente por muito tempo. Segundo alguns reviews que li pode chegar a 15h horas se você for rápido e 20h procurando todos os itens escondidos, ou seja, vale o seu dinheiro- A arte do jogo é linda com tantos detalhes que da ate pra se pegar olhando para o cenario sem se mexer, só admirar.- História mediana, mas na longa vida da saga já houveram bem piores- Se você jogou o primeiro e gostou, não se desapontará com essa bela continuação. Se você gosta de jogos de ação a la GOW você vai gostar.- Dois contras: Dificuldade fácil demais mesmo em níveis dificeis e inimigos menos carismaticos do que o jogo anterior"
,Recommended,239250,20733285,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,VBadwolf,"This game is soo brutal!! Gabriel's upgrade, looks powerful than the first one. If you love hardest or hardcore game, you must buy it!! All Castlevania series are hard games.The story is ok (not great). The graphic is beautiful and dark as it's only the best vampire video game ever. Monsters, Creatures are awesome and magnifecent designs. The view really amazing. Remind me of 'Dracula Untold'. ;)I platted Castlevania Lord Of Shadows 1 on ps3 for a while, I love it. 'Lament Of Innocence is always my favourite."
76561198020094227,Recommended,239250,9277039,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,megamanx117,"ign dosnt know what they are saying giving this game a 6.5 i would at least an 8.5, 9 in my opinion"
76561197969469863,Recommended,239250,9262992,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Wissen,Follows the same steps as its predecessor. HIghly recommended if you enjoyed the first game.
76561198060421127,Recommended,239250,9264947,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,S1ickReed,Love this game havnt put it down all day. The story has me slightly confused but slowly starting to make sense.
76561198072182182,Recommended,239250,12254037,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"If you expect this game to be of the same caliber as the sublimeLords of Shadow, prepare for bitterest disappointment.  While the fighting is responsive and the PC optimization is excellent, too much of the game is a mess.The levels, in layout and aesthetic, are by and large atrocious; the magnificent fantasy forests and brooding, vine-choked ruins of the first game have been exchanged for tedious near-future cityscape where 90-degree angles dominate (nice attempt at camouflage with those pretty textures, Mercury Steam, but they can only go so far).   There are a few brief, beautiful segments that take place within Dracula's ""inner castle,"" but these are over too soon and serve to highlight the dull ugliness of the metropolis, which is confusing, repetitive and filled to the boxy margins with generic, endlessly respawning T-Virus monsters.  Yes, you spend most of the game battling urbanites transformed into Biohazard C-stringers by a Satanic biological agent, and they are a dull lot indeed.The worst gameplay sections of all are the stealth bits.  In these, Dracula, who is supposed to be the baddest damn thing in the world, Dracula, who demolishes building-sized gorgons, Dracula, who ultimately succeeds in deep sixingSatan himself, must hide from cyborg guards with plasma rifles who are able to one-shot him on sight!  Aside from making absolutely no sense in terms of the game world, these bitter bits of Metal Gear lite are distinctly unfun.  Hell, you don't even get to kill one of the damn things!  The bad guys should have just sent an army of these cyborg guys after Dracula, thus ensuring the Devil's terrestrial reign forever.The storytelling in Lords of Shadow 2, like everything else in it, seems patchy and incomplete.  In concept, it was a great idea (you'll see this if you stick it through to the end), but the execution is completely slapdash, leaving even some of the most important plot points, particularly the seemingly transdimensional status of Dracula's castle, unexplained.  Most of the time, you'll be unsure ofwhyyou are doing what you are doing.Despite all, I recommend this -- but only for the price of ten or fewer U.S. dollars, and only if the shockingly fun DLC, Revelations, is included.  Surprised?  Well, as I said, the story isn't bad, it's just badly told for the most part; if you are fan of the first Lords of Shadow, you'll want to the experience the unexpectedly cool ending of LOS2.  Also, most of the boss fights are pretty damned great, particularly the epic final battle!Lords of Shadow 2 is a poor Lords of Shadow game and kind of a bad Castlevania game, but it's not really a badgame, just a mediocre one with a few redeeming bright spots.  By all means, give it a whirl when it's on sale."
,Recommended,239250,13442485,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DoctorSmoke,"If you like Castlevania you play this, if you're♥♥♥♥♥♥at life then you don't play this"
76561197992980541,Recommended,239250,29256352,Posted: 14 January,all,NightCurseX,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 is with distance one of the best Action RPG's ever made!Short:The Story is excellent and it contains Love, Hate, Vengeance and Sadness, also is well told and full of Surprises.The Gameplay and Combatsystem is fluid.Graphically this game is maybe not up-to-date, but it looks really good and every level in this game is wonderfully designed and affectionately made.Over time you get many upgrades which grants you more Ability's and skill's.More detailed:Story: The story tells of a former member of the Brotherhood of Light, named Gabriel Belmont.Many years after the Brotherhood of Light started to Hunt and Fight against Dracula alias Gabriel Belmont [Play part 1 to know why Gabriel is Dracula] a old ""Friend"" of Gabriel looked for him [you will wonder who it is if you know part 1] to ask for help defeating Satan again to save the World, because he wants revenge and destroy the world. Gabriels ""Friend"" make him an offer which he almost can't refuse.Also a Character which is akin with Gabriel, has an important role in this game. Even there is a second one who is akin with Gabriel, but find out by yourself =)So his Journey begins again ...Gameplay/Combat: The Gameplay and Combatsystem is a little bit slower as in part 1 but still really smooth and the controls are even really good and comprehensible. Over time you can learn more and more Ability's and Skill's which you can use by using the right button combination and timing. I played it with the Xbox360 Pad and it works perfect in all cases.Barely you have smaller stealth parts in this game which can take some time and sometimes you must transform yourself into a rat ;) also to find secrets.Enemys: like in part 1 there are many different Enemys. Every Foe has his unique style and his own behavior and/or abilitys and skills, which makes every Battle with an unknown enemy different from each other until you know them all. Some of the Bosses are little bit harder as like the Bosses in part 1, but good beatable.Soundtrack: The Soundtrack fits perfect to the game! It was made from a Orchesta.Graphic: The graphic is outdated but this gameengine looks Awesome!Environment: You have different surroundings in part 2. Sometimes you are in the Presence and sometimes you are in the Past which is technically important for the Story. Like in the first part, every detail is well designed and looks really good.Riddles: This game has many Riddles which must be solved to get further. Some are Easy, some Average and some Riddles are really Hard for the first time,Over and all this Game is totally worth the Money! You will not make a wrong decision if you buy this game. Also you will need to spend 13 - 21 hours approximately to beat the game the first time.Have a nice Day ^.^"
,Recommended,239250,11188968,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Cleft von Fran,This game was amazing!
,Recommended,239250,29352042,Posted: 19 January,all,hokutopain,"Solid fighting mechanics, and satisfying upgrade system. Camera angles can be a little awkward in tight spaces. Beautiful orchestrated soundtrack and amazing level design/aesthetics. The voice acting from the main protagonists is solid albeit the scripting is a little weak in places. Definitely an improvement over the original Castlevania Lords of Shadow and worth buying for fans of the genre - particularly those who want to know more about the Belmont ancestry and where it may inevitably lead."
,Recommended,239250,9261904,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Angry Bob,"I'm only 3 hours into the game, but so far I have enjoyed it.  Feels very God-of-War like, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  Combat is fun although there's not much here that hasn't been done before.  Combat skill trees are present.Exploration is fun as well despite not being truly open world, it's still fun to find hidden secrets.They bring back staple items like the hourglass that can slow enemies' movements, etc.  That along with destructible things like candlesticks that hide experience points or other goodies keeps it feeling like Castlevania.Not sure about the modern setting, but most of the environments don't reflect a modern look anyway, it still looks like dilapidated castles, etc. for the most part.The graphics are not fantastic, particularly in the distance some of the meshes have very jagged outlines, even with settings maxed.  The lighting/shadows in cut scenes can also be pretty distracting.Much has been made about the stealth aspect of the game, but I didn't find it overwhelmingly unpleasant, although it did make me itch to get back into the combat and exploration where the game shines.Ultimately I'm glad I bought the game"
76561198026049803,Recommended,239250,9647685,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,K3,"Strong Spectacle Fighter with a solid story. Lot's of blood, with creative combos that kept me entertained throughout. Abilities seemed balanced and difficulty settings we're fair.Texture quality was good, but not astounding with a few effects seeming a bit lower quality than they should be. The stealth portions were a bit uninspired as well.Highly recommend playing with a controller or game pad."
76561198191505583,Recommended,239250,24663536,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Efrit144,"Lords of shadow 2 is a wonderful conclusion to terrific story, the tale of Gabriel Belmont and the tribulations he endures in both life and unlife. While some questionable game design choices exist, such as the overbearing nature of the stealth sections and how irritating the garden maze can be, ultimately, the music, atmosphere, combat, visuals, areas, and story all make up for the minuscule amount of negatives, creating a game that is fun but challenging."
76561198006165618,Recommended,239250,9264193,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,damarcusholbrook,"OMG The new Castle-Vania Lords of Shadow game is absolutely amazing, visually stunning!!Had to take personal day off at work to play this!!!! This is a game that needs to hit the Big screen!!!!-DH"
76561198001836390,Recommended,239250,13194853,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,The Dragon With The Girl Tattoo,Best OST I've heard in a long time. Solid combat with some puzzle/platformer aspects. Very cinematic feel to it. Smug 'critics' were wrong about this one.
76561197966476005,Recommended,239250,12071112,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Clint,Awesome game i wish the game was more Keyboard & Mouse friendly
,Recommended,239250,12470797,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dypnotic,Got it as is was on sale. Worth for 15. Really beautiful graphics and solid gameplay. Just a bit monotone but nevertheless good.
,Recommended,239250,12472887,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,VITROANIMA,Good Action RPG slasher with nice flashy moves.Around 30-40 hours of total gameplay DLC included!8/10 would recommend.
76561198031035700,Recommended,239250,13824013,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dieseltar,"I really don't understnad how this got rated a 58/100.  I really enjoyed this game.  I thought the things that needed to be improved on from the first LOS (like the camera) were and at least there was some effort made to bring some new elements to the game.  Were all those elements needed or well executedt? Not really, but I dont think they made a big enough impact to deter me from playing, they were just things I could have done without.  Story aside, I enjoyed playing this game more than the first.  And the story isn't that bad, but compared to the first LOS it falls flat, and I could see some people having a negative gut reaction to to where the story is going within the first half hour of the game and that may sour your opinion of the game as a whole but Io have played much worse games that have better ratings than this.If you played and enjoyed the first LOS, you need to play this game.  If you haven't played the first one, do so before this one. If you think all Castlevania games should be like the ones from the  80's, dont play this game."
,Recommended,239250,22163934,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Putifari,PROS:The Dracula is realCONS:Not 'quite' as epic as the first LoS
76561198014702049,Recommended,239250,13635528,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lord Tommy,"According to Steam I've sunk 16.8 hours into this game from beginning to end, and two of that was on the last boss, because jeez, what a pain!If you were a fan of Lords Of Shadow 1 then the next entry should definitely satisfy your jonesing for another foray as Gabriel Belmont.The story is decent, it's not an amazing articulate and in depth thriller, but it is serviceable for the game that it is, and honestly, as far as Castlevania games go, it is probably the best story.  (People really seem to love the 'plots' of Castlevania games without understanding that the story is generally pretty weak.)Gameplay-wise, big improvement over LoS1.  The camera isn't locked, the environments are open for fighting and the ""background"" doesn't obstruct the combat the way it did in LoS1.The platforming is guided, there aren't a lot of fall down and die challenges, if you can make a leap, you'll make a leap, and there's a lot less guesswork than there was in the first one since the camera now sits behind Gabriel not a mile away from him while you judge a gap.The pace does get disrupted in several moments with these bizarre stealth pieces that, as you approach the end of the game, will have you wondering how it is you still aren't powerful enough to sneak around enemies you should be able to kill.  If you've been playing about 45 minutes of combat, then expect to spend the next 45 dealing with sneaking.  There are a couple of scenes that will definitely test the frustration durability of your controller as well.The game allows backtracking, but it isn't as crucial as it was in LoS1.  I remember in LoS1 NEEDING to go back and get some more upgrades because combat was such a pain.  In this I tended to find enough health upgrades, power upgrades etc. along the way if I kept my eyes open for side passes, that I did not backtrack at all.I didn't backtrack because it is a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  The environments are HUGE, there is a quick travel system but it goes to like 4 waypoints in massive areas in the city or in the castle, so it doesn't exactly put you right where you want to be.  I thought about it said ""nope"" and never backtracked, aside from hitting up a shop.You may also get locked into certain fights and you can't back out of them to go back and farm health potions, so you're screwed.  Let's just say I spent so long fighting the last boss starting with a shred of health and zero void sword power that I had to learn how to fight and counter him effectively.  I'm probably pretty much unbeatable now thanks to my own lack of preparation going in to the end game.Despite some of the flaws, fun game.So...Get this if:You love the atmosphere / plot of the Castlevania games and aren't so linear in your thinking that ""ZOMGZ ITS NOT CASTLEVANIA IF ITS NOT 2D!""  Or if you were ever a fan of the Legacy of Kain games, because there hasn't been a better ""bad♥♥♥♥♥vampire platformer"" since the last ones of those were made.Avoid it if:You need complicated platforming, not the hand holding kind, or if you're the kind of person who will put a game down if the pace of it gets disrupted.  Because this game definitely upsets its own pace several times during a playthrough, and then it just sits on your computer never getting played.When in doubt:Steam sale!"
76561198016003941,Recommended,239250,13612028,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jdgonzo82,"I've just completed this game so felt compelled to do a quick review for anyone who see's this in the sale. first off, if you enjoyed the first game then you'll want to play this one through. same high quality in story telling and combat. the high res textures look lovely. the game runs as smooth as butter, no issues anywhere. can be frustrating in places due to back tracking but there's not much of it. totally worth picking up in the sale if you're looking for something meaty to keep you busy for 15-20 hours. 7/10"
76561197998007321,Recommended,239250,9262332,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ben,"Absolutely amazing so far. I'm around 1 hour in the game maybe more and I'm absolutely loving it! It's a definate improvement over the first one. I believe Mercurysteam took the fans advice and upped the gameplay, story, action and mare the world more free so to speak. I'm hoping for a lot less ridlles as well. I haven't encountered any yet so I don't know but I'm hopeful it won't be like the first game.As I mentioned this game is a clear improvement over the first game. Combat flows alot better!  Much less restricted camera focus. Nice and free.  Now we're using the wasd buttons to move, mouse to fight and more which in my own opinion makes the game so much easier to play.  The story is amazing so far! I TRULY AMAZING!  The graphics are picture perfect, the game is  stabile, zero bugs or anything like that so far...I believe this version will be alot more open minded in addition to the very linear format of the first game. Of course the gameplay is linear as the first one but for what regards the quest system it appears that you're not stuck with just the main quest. I haven't reached that point yet but I was informed that I could choose between quests from my log which is something brand new in the game.This is what I know so far guys! I'm loving it. Best dracula game I've played without question. It's dark, gritty, bloody, murderous, evil and yet also about Gabriel as we know him though very few traits remain. It's all Dracula now! Believe me!If you liked the first game...you will without question enjoy this one.  Once again. This tiny incomplete review is based on around 1-2 hours of gameplay. My own personal opinion about what I've witnessed thus far."
,Recommended,239250,9265112,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Darkhail22,"Fantastic game; if you loved the first, you'll love this one just as much.Been immersed since I've started; don't intend on stopping."
,Recommended,239250,9265135,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,H E K A T [ART],"even better then the first game, I highly recommend it"
,Not Recommended,239250,9298270,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Haitsma,"This installment was a HUGE let down. Sacrificing everything that made Lords of Shadow amazing. Replaced amazing landscapes for grey streets and tunnels. Pointless stealth missions, mediocre story, anticlimatic ending. I expected a lot more from the game and I regret paying full price for it."
76561198008492784,Recommended,239250,13510009,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The 13th,although they could've done a far better job improving the combat system and a better story... it still a great game.
76561197980084102,Not Recommended,239250,15033022,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Escado,"I played Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 1 for 46 hours and was pretty hyped for the second part. In my opinion Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 failed to deliver (I played these two games right after another).Much shorter, the story was more straiht forwarded (lesser twists) and the bossfights weren't as interesting as the first.I should have stopped after the first game."
,Not Recommended,239250,17036250,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SiLeSiUs,The stealth sections are horrible. they ruin the game
,Recommended,239250,9290196,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kurtican Mobain,"A game i waited over 3 years for, expecting a final epic battle against satan and his army in hell but what we got was a bunch of running around a city with crappy stealth sections and just a lack of varied enemies, with almost nothing related to the castlevania universe. Should mention that the tutorials are horrific in this game and leaves a bad first impression right there but other than those things, its a pretty decent game with good combat and somewhat fun exploring(when you go back in time ofc, to avoid those horrible city sections.) and the boss fights are quiet nice, most of them are really well designed and badass but also not too difficult. At its current price i find it hard to recommend this game, at least if you are a fan of the first Lords of Shadow game but when it drops down to 20-15€ then it would be worth the price and worth giving a shot. Quick round up the good thing and bad things of the game.Pros:+Really good looking graphics and runs really smooth with not a single framedrop+Medieval era is awesome and looks fantastic+Combat is great and fun+The Orchestral music in the medieval areas and most boss fights are fantasticCons:-The Orchestral music during the city sections are really bad-Very few different kinds of enemies-Story is mediocre-Stealth is boring-So is the whole city-Characters this time around are not as interesting or memorable as the first game.EDIT: Now that the DLC is out but cant be reviewed seperatley, i will just combine it with this.The revelations DLC is a fantastic piece of content but still feels like it was cut from the main game just too make some extra cash.So you play as Alucard this time to retrieve Draculas weapons for whats coming next for him when he  wakes up. Sounds simple and a bit boring but it was much better than i expected.The big thing about this is NO STEALTH or CITIES, it only takes place in the castle and it looks amazing and has some nice puzzles and exploring the castle is fun.Now how is it controlling Alucard? I find it awesome, he has a good variation of combat skills and his abillities are cool but they have no purpose in combat. Instead of having a different weapon like Dracula for his light and dark magic, he has a sword with light and dark magic which might sound a bit lame but its not, works really well and its not too hard to learn the combat skills.Overall this is one of the best DLC's i have ever finished and definetly worth the money and makes the games story feel much more complete, its just a shame that this wasnt a part of the main game from the beginning.Would easily recommend the main game and dlc if found for 30-50% off, unless you own the main game, then you should throw ur money in steam right now and buy the dlc."
76561198051301780,Not Recommended,239250,14825669,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BATH HOUSE BERRY,"This is garbage.Fun- NOPEStupid confusing story - YEPRidiculous Button Masher - YEP.Glad I got it when it was on sale.  The first game actually felt like Castlevania,    this..  this is like a michael bay movie . nothing but ""Action"" but deep down inside . It's crap."
,Not Recommended,239250,26512754,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Breeze,"It pains me to do this, but I can’t recommend this game. It’s an example of how not to do sequels to good games. The first LoS game was a good reboot of the Castlevania setting with an ending that was baiting for a sequel, so I was anticipating this game, hoping for something better or at least more of the same. What I got was mostly the worst parts of LoS1 made even more annoying.[Spoiler alert for LoS1 and LoS2]The story and the way it is developing is boring and goes to unbelievable lengths to be stupid. The whole premise “You are Dracula” is being thrown away almost immediately and replaced with a redemption story that defies almost any reason, considering the setting and the narrative. The game starts you with a DmC tier edgy vampire lord and then repeatedly shows him as some pathetic weirdo, who was visions of his son he never actually saw in his young form. The gameplay humiliates the character of Dracula even more with annoying stealth sequences that make you hide from some demonic space marines – these sections of gameplay have zero freedom of approach and challenge – you just have to make progress the way it was intended or you will face ridiculous fail states or invisible walls.And oh boy, this desire to limit the player can be traced through the entire game when you are stuck with forced tutorials, platforming that makes little sense considering the level geometry (you can’t get to a secret you see hidden behind a 1,5m tall cinder block with wide gaps by its side, because you have to circle around it and use the Mist Form skill after a decent chunk of story progression)The level design being “open world” doesn’t help at all – it’s just badly designed locations, taped together in an attempt to create a fake metroidvania feeling. It actually brings frustration instead of interesting exploration because there are no ways of traversing the world that are fun. You would think that being Dracula could mean that you can fast travel by turning into bats or something like that, but no – you are stuck with tedious running and platforming with fake loading screens behind switches for doors and elevators.The things that made this experience actually bearable and occasionally fun were the visuals and the combat system.  The visuals and the designs of sceneries and enemies were pretty cool and the combat system had an interesting leveling gimmick that motivates you to use different moves as often as possible (if you want to level up your weapons faster).By the way, the Alucard DLC shares the same problems of the base game – it’s more of the base game if you want it.This game is not the worst game ever, but it’s a disappointment and you can almost always find a better action game to play and waste 15-20 hours on."
,Not Recommended,239250,33615173,Posted: 17 July,all,Void01,"I love Castlevania. I liked the first Lords of Shadow, even though it had it's flaws. I didn't bother finishing this one.I hate LoS2. The core mechanics are there plus a few, but the stealth segments ruin it for me. I have never played a Castlevania game where you had to sneak at all, let alone one where the stealth segments were so awful, unneccessary  and unforgiving.The stealth mechanics in this game are worse than those in the original Tenchu and Metal Gear Solid from the PSX era. Why the ♥♥♥♥ are they even there?Designers: If you can't/won't design it right, don't include it.Case in point: throughout the game you encounter guards with grenade launchers. You can not fight ANY of these guards, despite the fact that you've been annhilating epic bosses the size of buildings, tearing off their limbs, drinking their blood and generally being a demi-god.It's not because of alarms. During one segment, you are forced to use the stealth mechanics even though it's incredibly obvious that it's not to hide or remain stealthy, because you have already made so much of a scene that random things are attacking you, but THE GAME LITERALLY DISALLOWS COMBAT. For some stupid, pointless reason the regular guards are unstoppable.The last segment that made me put the controller down and uninstall this ♥♥♥♥ing mess? Stealth. Get caught, start back at the beginning. OH. WHAT. FUN. THAT. WAS.The combat mechanics are every bit as tight and cool as the first game, and you now have the option of turning off QTEs which is great. The story is well done, the cinematics are great, the art for the game is amazing. The music is moody and melancholic. The maps are huge and beautiful. Climbing and exploring is, as in the first game, a blast.This game is absolutely ruined, however, by it's incredibly poorly designed stealth segments. They are controller-throwing terrible. SKIP."
,Recommended,239250,9264011,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Veebzz,"This game is amazing, ITS AWESOME, love it love it love it love it"
,Not Recommended,239250,9356336,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Rob,Let Down. Get and enjoy the 1st.
,Recommended,239250,9269019,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Evil Dave,The good:- Flexible gameplay with many skills / combos to use- EPIC soundtrack. For me the best I ever seen in years (first game aswell)- Many variety of enemies- The Revelations DLC is a good add- Amazing optimized!The bad:- The story is not so amazing like the first one- The modern maps -_- (love more the Gothic / Medieval ones)my score 7/10
,Recommended,239250,9329651,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[CPC] Froh,"A good Lord of Shadows. The music is really epic on this one.Graphics are good, and all the graphical options you could need on PC are there.The gameplay is still good. And the new weapons are interesting. Enemies are more reactive, and more interesting to battle.Bosses are good too.The level design is a great overall from the first one (less puzzly). Some stealth passages can be frustrating but not a lot.The only letdown can be the story which is not that great. Not that the first one was better, but it was more consistent."
76561198041272753,Recommended,239250,9287556,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,I AM ERROR,"I would highly recommend that you play LoS1 before playing this - the premise of the game spoils the 'secret ending' of the first game, but the game does recap the story if you just want to jump in here.Combat is much tighter than the first game - not only do you control three distinct weapons (a long-range whip, a mid-range healing sword, and close-range guard-breaking gauntlets), but the Mastery system encourages you to play around with and get comfortable with all of the moves in your repertoire instead of just mashing the simplest combo.Visually the game is intense - this is about as good as it gets from the PS3/360 generation, and the PC version has special HD textures.As far as the story, I was personally hoping for something a little less safe considering the gut-punch ending of the first game.  I have heard that Konami changed the original ending to the one we have here, so we'll see what the DLC offers.All in all I think that I may have enjoyed the first game more than this one, but this had moments, especially in the first half of the game, where I felt as if it was exactly what I had wanted out of the sequel.  The latter half also has great segments, such as the Toy Maker, but the last quarter of the game the narrative begins to get a little loose and things just happen because end the game already.  Which is a shame, but it doesn't necessarily ruin it."
76561198084138321,Not Recommended,239250,9297041,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,evilkasper,"Been a Castlevania fan since NES and I find this storyline interesting. The battle mechanics are fun if not repetitive, the leveling up is tedious and chore like. I am good with all of this though. I am not however a fan of the stealth missions or the hide and seek mechanics that keep cropping up. If I wanted to play a stealth game I would buy Metal Gear.  I'm not sure who decided that it was a good idea, but you're wrong. The main character is Dracula.. even weakend he's supposed to eventually fight off Satan. So why do I have to tip toe around so much? I find these parts of the game frustrating, unrewarding and out of place in an otherwise fun game.I""ve changed my reccomendation to a NO. This game had potential but the steath and ""puzzles"" are just to annoying to make this worth my time anymore."
,Not Recommended,239250,11007978,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Smiling Assassin,"A shadow....., of what this game should of been, overall a good little action title but the repetetive nature of the added stealth missions is an annoyance. I mean you're a vampire why should you have to sneak around, it makes sense but the implementation in this is very poor and badly designed, the combat is fun if a little fustrating and the grahpics are great, shame really as Lords of Shadow 1 was a brilliant game.  I am glad I grabbed this cheap I mainly played through it because I am a big fan of anything castlevania related so that helped me get to the end.Please don't let this franchise die a death I think From Software would make a great castlevania game but thats never going to happen."
,Recommended,239250,9266581,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Irrational,"Just beat it amazing lotta fun only major downside is some stealth segments are frustrating 1 in particular involving pan sorta...but the combat is fun it rewards playing smart, moveset is similiar to the first one, you can control the camera  now so thats nice. and the story is great id get it if your a castlevania fan or just looking for a great game."
,Recommended,239250,9282926,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,cKy2K,"even tho i got only about 5 hours of gameplay so far..I had to write something,i recommend to everyone that love games like darksiders / god of war and all that to get this game..i thought at first ""Vampires? what?""after few min of playing i was hooked..great gameplay , good storyline , awesome system of weapons and weapons upgrade + relics and what not.i know im not that good in writing reviews... but i hope it will help you to decide.i love this game and i will keep playing it till i get bored of pc.  but hey... if you dont belive me..download the demo and try =)Have fun!"
76561197981099982,Not Recommended,239250,9369339,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SuNin,"MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS:To be honest, I really enjoyed this game during.  I think the combat was well put together.  The story we really well done, IMO.This is a tricky review though.  As I said, during the game it was fun.  On beating the game though, I did feel disappointed.  But let me break down some of the elements.Stealth:  I feel the hate for these sections is misplaced.  The fact is, they are such a tiny part of the game, they might as well not even be there.  They can all be completed in no more than 10 minutes.  I also feel the whole transforming into the rat swarm was not neccesary at all.Enemies:  Most enemies are very good.  They vary up their attacks, they dodge your attacks, and large groups of them can prove problematic.  Out of all the times I died, it was mostly to these situation.  At points you are under seige from large groups of small enemies, and then sometimes you are facing two or three very large hard to kill enemies.As it should follow - Combat:  The combat I feel was excellent in this game.  It was as good as the combat in the first game, hands down.  They added this power up element which basically incentivizes changing attacks and weapons.  The dodge was much more responsive feeling in this game than the last game.  Accordingly, the timing for the charge moves of enemies is very much varied.  So there is no absolute time to block.  They also made it harder to syncronize block in this game.  It felt like you have less frames to hit the button in.  I noticed that some enemies hardly ever normal attack and almost always charge.  Those enemies ended up being the easiest though as their attacks tended to not be varied.The World:  This is where the game has some failings.  It placed you in many small corridors and very few vistas.  In the first game you had lots of open and interesting areas to fight and puzzle your way through.  In this one lots of times it felt lackluster because of this failing.  The castle, as other reviews have stated, is awesome.  But it just feels like the castle is mostly optional.  You find Wolf portals between the worlds, but I found little reason to back to the castle and explore.Environmental puzzles:  Almost non-existent.  It's a shame, iit was fun to try and get past timing puzzles and spike traps in the first game.  This game had none of that.  No timing puzzles, no spike traps, it just felt like you were walking forward a lot in this game with little to hinder your way... well little except finding a switch which was usually located in the same room.  I just didn't see the point of pulling a lever to open a door that was five feet away.Extracurriculars: There was plenty of things in this game to collect.  But the back tracking isn't fun to me.  In the first game, the stage based design was awesome for this.  Go back, find the scrolls, collect the gem or the weapon upgrade, maybe do a the stage challenge while you are at it.  I loved the challenges in the first game, they were fun to try and complete.  This game didn't really have that.  They had some sort of challenges that I unlocked throughout the game, and the game managed to tell me about them about 700 times throughout the course of the game.  The funny part was, going through the pages of the Journal and menus... where the hell are they located?  I never figured it out, but I wan't inclined to backtrack and figure it out.Pros that don't need explanation:Music was awesomeVoice acting was awesomeStory was, for the most part, very goodCons (many of these are personal cons and as such I know aren't objective or shared by many people):Free Camera - I loved how the first one was with the locked camera.  The devs always put it in a good spot to show off the awesome world.  I feel that stepping away from that was a mistake.  The camera was downright annoying in some battles, and in other battles it didn't do a good job.Open World:  As explained, I didn't enjoy this aspect.  I am a firm believer that not every game is automatically made better by an open world.  This one was definitely not.  Believe it or not, the world actually felt much smaller than the stage based world from the first game.  I think a good open world is truly awesome, but this unfortunately was not.  Also, in making it an open world that helped to deny my want to go back and find collectibles.Overall Opinion:  I think this is a worthy game on a sale.  If you played and liked the combat from the first game, you are probably gonna love the combat in this one.  I also felt that the dev failed to deliver on a conclusion to the trilogy.  The ending was not a conclusion, but an outright attempt to further the series into yet another game, which disappoints me.  I am anxious to see what they do with DLC however.  There are rumors of an Alucard DLC, which I would be interested in playing.   If they did some sort of DLC that let you play as the other Belmont you meet in the game, that would also be fun.  If I had to give it a score, I would probably give it a 6/10.  This is not an objective review, I have explained what I personally did not like about it.Edit:  At the time of writing my Steam timer shows 25 hours in game.. but I alt/tabbed out of the game to do something, realized I had to leave for work, and then left it on while I was at work by accident.  I really only put 15 hours or so into the game, so that was a disppointment.  The first one I put 29 actual hours into.Edit2:  I did a ""No"" recommend.  But if you get it on sale and want to see how the story plays out, it's  a yes."
,Recommended,239250,16504879,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nilo,"This is a GREAT game. Very beautiful and optimized. The ambiance is great, the gameplay is good, the castle is amazing.The plot is very cool, although...(spoiler)ITS EXTREMELY DIFFERENT COMPARED TO THE ORIGINAL CASTLEVANIA FRANCHISE GAMESIF YOU ARE EXPECTING SOMETHING LIKE SOTN, GO HOME.I think this reboot is awesome, Gabriel and Alucard are a way cooler now, they now have identities and do behave like, well, the VAMPIRES they are!?The gameplay isnt very original. Its clearly GOW inspired. It has its own traits with the focus system, just like the first LoS, but greatly improved, the camera being is the greatest improvement.Hence, if you like the GOW gameplay, and the castlevania gothic style, you should have this game."
76561198059937253,Recommended,239250,16847793,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,。lee。,nice game
,Recommended,239250,15402855,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,X-TSR,"This is a very, VERY good game!  Take note that this is a review from a gamer that ACTUALLY read all the memorials, did not skip a scene, took the time to look at statutes, arts and building structural designs, and all the back stories in every description. I also take this game as it is, instead of relating it back to any other Castlevania, such as Symphony of The Night or the first LoS.10/10 would recommend this game, and here's why:Pros1) The story is amazing.  As I dig deeper into the story, I feel I can relate to some of the characters, know why they did what they did, and that is important! Some may argue that the ending is dull, I personally think that it is fitting.  Reading the memorials help me understand how the modern era portrays the world and history.2) Voice acting is phenomenal.  They not only fit the characters, they brought out the emotions of their characters and made the story more colorful.3) The soundtrack is amazing as well.4) The city and castle designs are amazing.  While it is set in a modern world close to ours, it also retain some original castle structures that makes sense to remain there.  The castle is, well, Dracula's castle, and it is beautiful.  The texture of the stone/wooden floors, ceilings, and walls are so detailed that they are worth admiring, one could feel that this is not a simple copy-and-paste world.  I actually took time to look at statutes from different angles, just to admire them.  The world is interconnected, different routes to a place is possible.5) Game's free-camera-control is great, and the combat is fluid.6) I love it when in Dracula's rat form.  While some will argue it's necessity (Dracula too powerful to be a rat), it gives me a different view of the city.  What amazes me is that despite everything being bigger, the texture of the world is still amazing (floor tiles, walls and cables)!  So what he turns into a rat? He's a ♥♥♥♥ing Dracula!7) The most controversial part of the game: Argreus.  I like the stealth part in his maze.  Again, many people would argue that since Dracula is so powerful why the sneaking and the one-shot-kill? Ever heard of Pan's Labyrinth? Well, Argreus IS Pan's brother, so it makes sense that a maze like that would be his world, and the one-shot-kill is justified.  That is why we have to make it past the maze to a higher ground where it is not a maze to fight him.  Savvy?Cons1) The stealth system is flawed.  While bat swarm works on certain enemies (only on the red armored marine if I recall correctly), most of the time when you use it sneaking up on an enemy, it just draws attention to every enemy in the vicinity to focus on you (once you use it, they know where you are).2) Despite having so many different skills, as the game progresses, skills will become less useful.  Some enemies are so aggressive that you just don't have time to use different attacks without being knocked down first.  I ended up using basic attacks in most of the situation.Overall, this is a great game.  You will be missing out if you rely your decision to buy this game on unprofessional critic's opinions about this game.  Hell, reviewing a game ain't even close to my profession, but after seeing some negative reviews of this game, and after personally playing it, I feel compelled to write something to justify the unjust.  After all, it's really about whether you had fun or not about a game, right?"
76561198109416499,Recommended,239250,15144274,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Teddy Westside,I really like this game!ProsAwesome graphicsAwesome gameplayMany gameplay hoursPatrick StewartYou get to play as dracula which in my opinion is awesomeGreat voice acting in generalAwesome Boss battlesConsStealth sections are boringHalf of the game is set on post apocaliptic futuristic worldThe story isnt that bad but its lacking some elementsA bad puzzle segment in the middle of the gameWe could use more alucardOverall i would say its an 8/10 for me!
76561198095821377,Not Recommended,239250,24768288,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ed.corrigan,What Happened? A dire follow up to a stellar game. We heard about the in studio friction and evidently it was true.
76561197988393970,Recommended,239250,9318467,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Shiv,IT LOOKS SO BEAUTIFUL
,Not Recommended,239250,9810357,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"It is finally time to review Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2. A game I have been anticipating since I beat the first one. Mercury Steam did a good job rebooting Castlevania for me in a different perspective, however, that is sadly not the case with its direct sequel. Four excruciatingly long years I have endured to find that my expectations were too high for what could have happened to this series, and I will gladly explain why.I was wrong about my assumption again after finishing the DLC, since it added peripheral information to the reasoning behind some characters' choices, but it did not add anything more than what the player already knows which is ironic given its title ""Revelations"" and even more ironic comparing it to the first Lords of Shadow's DLC, which revealed quite a lot about the story. To be precise, I was generally dissatisfied with Lords of Shadow 2 in its story and was hoping the gameplay would make up for its mishaps.Full review found on:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2014/04/castlevania-lords-of-shadow-2.html"
,Recommended,239250,9357255,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,l4rg0sensei,"ignore what the online ""reviews"" say, fantastic game, plays much like the original but with very noticable changes to the way combat plays, the dodge and parry/block system has been improved so much, the introduction of the chaos claws/void sword and the removal of the old magic system makes for interesting flow of combat without breaking combos and streaks, much like the weapon switching of DMC 3.anyone who likes DMC or 3rd person hack/slash type games i highly advice this is played"
,Recommended,239250,9359744,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Griever,"The beginning of the game had me frustrated but as I progressed it reminded me how much I loved the reboot of Castlevania.  110% the first game and just finished 110%'ing this one.  If you enjoyed playing the first one definitely give this one a try, as the story progresses it gets better trust me."
,Not Recommended,239250,9621626,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Linkzaki,"I loved the prequel to this game so much, I had the best time on that game, it was beautiful, I felt strong and I had motivation to keep on truckin'. I was so hyped for Lords of Shadow 2.The game began, the tutorial scene was spectacular. I felt like I was unstoppable as I tore through armies of men with great ease.Suddenly I was in the future and I had no powers at all. I thought to myself ""I'm ok with this, it's just an intro scene to tell me the story"" and I was right, I gained some of my powers back and I was placed into the world, the world which was simply a modern day looking city... that ruined some of the Lords of Shadow feels, I was used to beautiful natural landscapes with ancient ruins dotted around, the modern world is not something I want to see in a fantasy series, it's boring because I see it every day.I decided to push on and I came up to the first ""enemy"". The first enemy of the game you cannot kill, you have to hide from it. I am Dracula, the Prince of Darkness... and this GRUNT enemy is undefeatable by me, yeah that doesnt make me feel cool. You have to use stealth which is just turning into a rat and running past him, THIS IS A CASTLEVANIA GAME. I proceeded and there were two more of these undefeatable enemies, it took what felt like forever to get into real combat and ... it was Ok.The combat feels smoother that the last game but for some reason I ended up getting hit a lot more, I dont know if this was my fault or a lack of enemies telegraphing attacks, I really dont know.The first boss was cool to begin with but it was quite repetitive and way too simple, way more simple than the tutorial boss which actually hit me quite a few times.I continued through the game a bit longer, but after an hour or so after fighting mutants and military mech suit things, I gave up. My character had no motivation so I had no motivation, there were too many gaps between combat where i just had to♥♥♥♥♥♥around for a good while to make my way through an area. The scenery of the game was unattractive in my opinion with everything being either black, white or grey and all of the feelings of the original Lords of Shadow were gone.I was truly truly disappointed when I played this game and I wish that it didn't exist.tl;drTHIS GAME IS CRAP3/10"
,Not Recommended,239250,24733540,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,stabbedbyapanda,"**spoilers** Removed Giant boss battles replaced with stealth levels. Wtf. You are dracula. All your servants and minions the momemnt they meet you get corrupted and you have to kill them. Wtf. Everyone boss you can beat on your first try because the game is a joke interms of difficulty, until you get to the last boss then it's just becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The bosses were a main attraction plus the world/landscape/art in the first one. Which i usually don't mind that stuff, but was a huge factor of why I bought this game. But in this one you lose all that except the art. You seem some cool landscape areas, but its all modern buildings now which are weird victorian scifi. At this point it just feels like a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor DMC copy. Until you go to Dracula's castle that is the only time the game feels normal and fun, but that is quickily ruined by when you meet your friends and they get corrupted and then you go to murder them. What is the point of being dracula if you don't get to experience the PERKS OF DRACULA. The fact you are a vampire plays no part in the game whats so ever. You never come across enemies that have vampire slaying weapons or anything. It's like they made the game and were like oh♥♥♥♥♥♥he's a vampire... well lets just make all the pickup/refills look vampirey..."
,Recommended,239250,13481141,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,luison.cpp,"One of my favorite action-adventure games; but be careful, this game has a different tone than the first Lords of Shadow and also, it has big plot holes and some gameplay flaws.The combat is very similar to the first Lords of Shadow, but improved.The puzzles are easier but most of them are more related to the game than the puzzles of the first Lords of Shadow ( now many puzzles involves using the abilities of Dracula instead of moving pieces in a board).This game also have camera control with the right stick instead of the predefined camera of the first game.Another noticeable change is that now there are exploration in the game, it's really a 3D Metroidvania game, where you unlock new areas while getting new powers.About the tone, LoS 2 has an atmosphere much darker than the first one, basically you explore two worlds:  one is very similar to the first game(but darker), and the other one at the beginning may look like an arkham city less appealing, but most of the game it's more like the first Darksiders atmosphere.The story also remind me Darksiders and a little bit of Hellboy.The bad parts: there are some stealth sections that feels out of place and there are not very fun, the first hour of two of the game(after the prolog) are not very good, Dracula doesn't look like a vampire(but you can buy a skin :) ), and the game has some annoying on-screen suggestions (fortunately, they can be deactivated in the menu).Even when these shortcomings most of the game is great."
,Recommended,239250,14804695,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Death,"A few notes about this review: I'm yet to play the prequel to this game as of the time this review was written, and as such, will not be comparing this title to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 1.Gameplay:The game is very reminiscent of open-world  hack and slash classics such as Devil May Cry and Bayonetta. The mechanics are well varied and properly executed, and at its' very beginning, launches the player into action.The boss fights are bloody, epic, and memorable. Little was spared in terms of length and difficulty when encountering various bosses, who are well varied and endowed. Prepare to die a few times in your quest to make progress.Note that duie to the nature of the story (see section below) , repetitive gameplay is necessitated for one to unlock Dracula's potential abilities as the story progresses. This is executed in a repetitive manner, and as such, incurs a considerable challenge at the early stages of the game. However, as an indirect consequence, later sections are very rewarding as your new abilities are fully utilized in making progress. Prepare for a challenge.The stealth system and mechanics used are not ideal and are out of balance. A being such as dracula shouldn't be reduced to a powerless imp in the stealth sections, which can be confusing and often convoluted.Graphics:Excellent, judging bu its' requirements and visuals. They are well balanced and properly executed. Details are clear and vivid, and so are the vast, open world environments. Character forms are well refined and so are their spectral abilities.Story line:All in all, dependin gon your background, its' taste may differ to you. I've read previous reviews from people who played the games' prequel and most were not pleased.in my opinion, I found the fusion of both the present and the past (through the use of the Wolf Medallion) a bit unique in that you can switch to either timeline and progress at your own rate. In a manner, this further enhances the open world experience. As a drawback, this can make the game very repetitive since the environments are consrained to one transitional area, a chemical company. This also incurs a drawback to the overall quality of Dracula's retelling as a legendary vampire who must be trapped to a moden themed factory for extended periods of gameplay time as a requirement to progressing in the game. This repetitive nature may not bode well for all players.Overall rating:The production quality is superb, and so is the gameplay. Comes highly recommended.My personal rating is 7.5/10."
76561198105386210,Recommended,239250,9315575,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nomad Nihilist,"Lords of Shadow 2 is a decent action adventure game with outstanding graphics. Unlike the first installment this title felt more like Darksiders. Don't get me wrong, while the Darksiders franchise is great, One can only wish that the developers didn't just copy and paste some aspects of other titles. The story arc was great until towards the end of the game where everything just seemed rushed and the ending anti-climactic. The stealth feature in the game was very repetitive and annoying at times but a decent attempt at something different. All in all I Give this game a thumbs up, even with my complaints I still really enjoyed this game!"
,Recommended,239250,9322421,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,LeanderBelmont,Score: 0 ~ 10Story: 9Gameplay: 10Art style: 10Graphics: 9Music: 10My score: 10
76561198028057652,Recommended,239250,9350038,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,kazigath,Good game.Pro's-Good storyline-Very good combat mechanics-Above Average - Good character development-Above average replay value-Emotionally engaging plot-Highly detailed and crisp environments and characters-Good performanceCon's-Forced stealth encounters-Details of script could use improvement-Plays fine on keyboard but tooltips only show gamepad configuration-Bad ending - hope it's a cliffhanger-Environment is free exploration but still feels like player is being goaded to an objective
76561197989930228,Recommended,239250,12105078,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,bobeagle77,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 Is a very entertaining adventure. If you are a fan of Castlevania: Lords of Shadow, I recommend this game. I finish the game in 14hr and I loved every second( except the stealth parts). I give it a 3 out of 5+Amazing single player adventure+Beautiful graphics+Great Atmosphere+Entertaining story+Voice acting and music are superb+Fluid controls with gamepad-Stealth mission are annoying and fraustrating-Some secret areas are difficult to backtrack and find-A few times combat felt chaotic, not hard"
,Recommended,239250,9281078,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,FunkyMonkey,"This game is worth it!If you like lords of shadow 1 or god of war alike games, Then you want this.The story is a bit confusing in the beginning but it comes together later and is pretty OK. If you are a fan, YOU HAVE SOME NICE SURPRISES !the music has one song you remember, but thats it pretty much.The combat is fun when you have learned it alot. It has alot of hold that in that state and press that button attacks for some really nice attack. But the sneaking part can be less fun, I had no problem with it and turning into a rat was pretty awsome.It look really good for the engine it use and have really good looking blood in it.If youre a fan like myself then you love this game more and want to give it 10/10 but there is stuff missing so it gets 8/10."
,Recommended,239250,9284514,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Y0UNGmodern,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 has so far been a pretty awesome game.  I had pre-purchased the game before all the reviews went online and I was worried that I had bought a terrible game before it was out.  So far the combat has been fun, the story is pretty good, and it's a beautiful looking game.  I'm glad I purchased the game despite what many reviews have been saying.  I will list some of the cons I have heard and why they haven't been a big deal.Stealth areas:  I have read that many reviewers found the stealth parts of the game frustrating.  I haven't found them frustrating and I actually think they add a nice mix to the gameplay.  If there has been an area where I mess up the stealth it usually takes just one more try and doesn't detract from the experience.  There is a later area I heard that was very frustrating and although I was spotted a few times I made it through rather quickly.Story:  Now I have not beat the game yet but I can say that I am enjoying the story it is an interesting continuation of the first LoS and Mirror of Fate.  I suppose there can be loose ends that aren't tied by the end but I will have to see as I go through the rest of the game.Combat, Areas, and enemies are all a lot of fun.  This is a great game I would give it an 8/10.  If you enjoyed the first one I definitely think it's worth your time and money."
,Recommended,239250,9303459,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Leandro Grijio,"Addictive!If you liked the first game, expect improved mechanics and a better developed battle system which encourages you to learn your combos instead of constantly using the same button. Leveling your weapons up is a much better experience now and you will actually feel the difference as Dracula's power returns.As for graphics, the game is beautiful - though not as inspired as the first episode. Light is improved, textures are improved, creativity not so much. Bear with the game for the first 2 hours and it won't let you down. Playing through modern cities with the almighty vampire might sound like a nice idea but the lack of better designs and the feeling of repetition as the scenery looks the same for a while will make you ask why the developers chose this path instead of focusing on the much nicer gothic    landscapes Castlevania really shines on.Storywise, even though the actors are awesome and doing their best, they haven't got much to work with. Still, this is only true if you compare it with the first LoS. Yes, there's a story, yes, it's kind of mediocre... Well, the majority of games I've been playing haven't been above mediocre so I guess it's fine.Other than that, lots of places to explore and collectibles all over the place will give you replayability over the already lenghty main course. So, yeah. Good. Really good and recommended at full price.7/10"
,Recommended,239250,9324836,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,L33TK1NGUMADDOE?,BLOOD! BLLOD EVERYWHERE!
76561198077536208,Recommended,239250,9330110,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,immortal1785,one of the best game ive played so far amazing story never bored
76561197990960064,Recommended,239250,9330740,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,DanOramA,"After playing through Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 I can only say that I loved it. I did play through the whole first game + DLC and you should prefebly do that before playing this game.In my opinion the controls are solid, the combat is pleasureable and the soundtrack is just amazing. I don't know what the bad criticizm comes from that this game don't have good graphics because it is stunning. The scenery and various areas in the game made me stop and just look around for a while.I really recommend this game!"
76561198006714408,Recommended,239250,9270499,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"I can honestly say that I will never trust review sites at face value ever again... This game is a lot better that 4 or 5's or 3's tht it's been getting from so called ""professional"" reviewers.One of the complaints I have is the all powerful roaming guard god. For a 1000 year old vampire that can rival gods power (see LoS1), he sure seems to be getting overpowered a lot. Why even do what they did, just assemble the couple hundred guards they have and rofl stomp everyone?Boss fights have gotten less dramatic I feel as well, lightning chick and the Ring wannabees were much to simple for the expected ruckus they were supposed to bring.Overall though i'm still enjoying this game so i'd give it an overall score of 7.5/10."
,Recommended,239250,9276617,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ruke,"About 4 hours in so far and I am enjoying this game very much.  It is much faster paced than the first one and is doing a nice job (story wise) of wrapping in the existing lore from other games (espeically Symphony of the Night) while adding it's own twist.The environments, monsters, look & feel are all superb.  Fantastic lighting, graphics, mechanics - the game feels good to play.  Some pacing issues and 'duh, i know that' moments.If you enjoyed the first one at all (which I did for the fantastic environments/monsters ... less the mechanics) then this is an upgrade and a solid sequel that definitely feels more like a castlevania game ... even with some very new changes to the formula.So far: no wall chicken."
,Recommended,239250,9281278,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Stardash,"The fighting in this game is not too simple and very fun, it makes the first one look like a joke! 8/10"
,Recommended,239250,9294192,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Haegemon,"While it's not perfect, Lords of Shadow 2 is still an extremely fun game.If you liked the classic Simon's Quest back in it's age, you'll probably enjoy this as well. You can't just go in blind for the story, but if you've followed the other LoS games, it makes sense. Gameplay got an overall improvement from LoS 1, and the hub-structure feels great.Some of the stealth sections can feel a little heavy handed, but they're over fast enough with just basic levels of situational awareness. Also, some of the monster packs can feel awkward at times due to running out of weapon-magic at bad times.Overall, it's still a solid game. It feels like a Castlevania, it plays like a Castlevania, and it's plotted like a Castlevania. Not sure what all the over-negative games-media reviews were hating on, part of me thinks they didn't ""get"" Simon's Quest when it was out on the NES originally, and have held a petty grudge since. It's not a 10, but it's not a 5 by any stretch of the imagination.IMO, 7.8/10, solid combat systems, a healthy-sized world with plenty to explore/find/collect, but with some rough stealth sections, and one character feeling fairly wasted in their introduction/departure."
76561198095049813,Recommended,239250,9310818,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,DanariusTargarian,I Love this game. I preordered this game and have been playing it as much as possible since 12:00 on the 25th of February! I wanted to thank Konami and Mercury Steam For this amazing game! i was watching the countdown on the store page for days and i kept playing the demo over and over. I like the idea of playing as a dark character and the gothic architecture is spectacular. I give this game a 96 out of 100. It very challenging dont expect to blaze through this one even on the easiest difficulty. Top notch well worth the money!!!:) This Game is a Million times better then anything Orgin or Dice could Offer me! In my opinion Battle Field 4 is way too much of the SAME OLD SAME OLD.  Konami ALL the Way Worth every single Penny i spent!!! If i was on a island and could only pick one game to play for the rest of eternity it would be CastleVania Lord of Shadows 2!
,Recommended,239250,9272735,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,demifiend24,"Highly recommend this game, if you loved the first Castlevanie Lord Of Shadows, this epic and spralling conclusion to the series is awe inspiring with its art and soundtrack and localtions, along with its gripping story and the combat and weapons are supberb, responsive, easy to learn, diffcult to master and rewards experminting with the combos. 8 out 10 for me."
76561198107062518,Recommended,239250,9275354,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Binzoub3,its really nice games
76561198075559502,Recommended,239250,9275623,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Felipe,"Today its 26/02 and i played almost of 50% of history in game. I recomend this game, its have great changes, like the way player can use the camera, the scenes during gameplay its gorgeous! And now ill compare this game with the castlevania frangise itself:The game its just like other games of castlevania that we played before, but with more realistic graphics. You need colect all the power you vampire can use before face new bosses and other chalenges.You can go back to other areas that you previous visited and use the new powers to get hiden improvements for your charecter, discover new areas and sutch. Castlevania sinphony of the night also have this kind of ""option"". You have the npc stores to buy new items just like others castlevania games. You can solve puzzles like other castlevania games, but this time it feels  yeasier and ""fluid"" in the pace of game.I understand that some players complain about the fact that this game its not 2D, and the 2D games of franchise, since its not so realistic opens the imaginagion of players and the way they experience the game. But this game have all the best features that other games has ofered in the past.Castlevania never was a beat-em-up game, you aways will find the monters in specific location, lust like other games of frachise. You can go back and phorth to use you powers and have a lot to explore!I totaly recomend this game!!"
76561198048749518,Recommended,239250,9299682,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,FerN,"Even with it's flaws, Lords of Shadows 2 stands tall on its own. Especially if you're a fan of the series.Been playing castlevania since Symphony of the Night, and this game feels like hitting the right chords.I'll say it, this game has some flaws, for starters the stealth segments doesn't always make sense. It kind of depends in the way you see it. In Dracula's standpoint, and with a little abstraction on the player's part it is okay. You see, the stealth per se is not bad, it's place in the game ins't always right tough.Battle is absolutely great, history works and has some nice subtleties with high points. Story telling fits in place and the graphics are quite beautiful, art direction is top notch. This game has flow!My score: [Graphics: 8; Music: 9; Story: 8; Controls: 9]Overall: 8.5"
,Recommended,239250,9327023,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ClockworkKaleb,Laargest orchestra in gaming history + Indiana Jones level whip mastery = sugoi♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239250,9330443,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Stratagus,"Unlike its predecessors, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 in overall did not move me as much I was expecting it. Gameplay wise, it's gone back to the dungeon crawling genre which could be great for some of the gamers out there. The abilities are quite similar to what we experienced in Castlevania: Lords of Shadow however with different type of weapons and upgrades. There is a larger selection of secondary items that can help, but in my personal experience, they were rarely used. Some events were quite interesting but I must agree with most people that the stealth feature should have been scrapped and put focus on the platforming and puzzles.As you might have guessed, the storyline begins with Dracula or formerly Gabriel Belmont fight the Brotherhood of Light then ends with Alucard appearing. You then jump through time into a modern technological world, and start with the ridiculous stealth feature à la Metal Gear Solid. So, your objectives are basically to fight various bosses and repossess old powers which Dracula has lost through time. Pretty much like any dungeon crawling game.Unfortunately, there is little content about the storyline which was pretty disappointing. Characters, including Dracula and Alucard were uninteresting, emotionless. The exception is when Dracula returns to his castle throughout the playthrough. I finished this game without any emotion and with lots of questionning.Do I recommend this game? I will for the people who like Castlevania, the old dungeon crawling genre. But, you must expect some disappointment if you want to know the rest of the story. Cheers."
,Recommended,239250,9347329,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,General Ram,Fantastic game over all+ Great Gameplay+ Smooth Character Animations+ Amazing Graphics+ Amazing and engaging story+ Lots of explorability- Awkward combat moments- Not too much replay ability- Not that long of a gameoverall would rate 9/10 can't wait for the DLC
76561198078140690,Recommended,239250,9275101,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CiuCiu,Epic.. :)
76561198065644801,Recommended,239250,9296704,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,McMacGuinness,Terrible night for a curse?  Slit your wrists and slap blood all over the place!  Force enemies into submission with a blood whip!  Throw blood daggers!  Activate doors with blood!  Turn into bloody mist!  Slurp blood for health!  Vomit blood to defy holy powers!  BLOOD!
,Recommended,239250,12275949,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ratt,"A massive overhaul of the combat system without forgetting tricks learned, optional quicktime system, across the board admission that they made mistakes with the first game, and a demonstration that they can learn from them. The only problem this game has is the menu interface, which doesn't allow multiple saves or easy access to an actual title menu. But it doesn't hurt the actual content of the game.Graphics: 9/10. Only deducted points is for some weird-looking hair and particle animation touching on the uncanny valley, but it's otherwise a gorgeous, nigh perfectly beautiful game.Sound: 10/10. The score is wonderfully emotional and puts you in the middle of each moment. You'll find yourself humming along with the rat theme, and gratified during the main theme's return in key moments.Gameplay: 9/10. It's not castlevania anymore, but I'm not complaining. The tricks they picked up from Devil May Cry combine well with other improvements, and mesh in the Symphony-esque metroidvania world. No more is the whip the only useful weapon, no more is spamming R1 the easiest way to end fights. No more are quicktime events required, but neither are they abandoned, for those who enjoy them. And they skip function works beautifully, at no point during even cutscenes do they feel forced, nor does the lack of them feel depriving. A good status quo. But it looses a point for not having a heart system, or a means to deal with stealth sections as a combat option. Sorry, series fidelity is one thing I'm big on, and Castlevania isn't a stealth game, neither is it Devil May Cry. That said, the stealth segments are still very well designed, just a littlle immersion breaking when you're playing as the Prince of Darkness, whom the devil and death both fear.Replay: 9/10: Postgame, Newgame+, and some really enjoyable once-through sequences, with a train sequence early on being a standout, and a few of the boss build-ups having that effect as well, make for a game that you won't feel a need to give up for awhile, and will always be willling to dig out in a year for another run. No complaints, only point deducted is thanks to Dark Souls moving the goalposts (and Dark Souls II doing it again,) for replay value in recent years by evolving the new game+ formula, and there should have been an attempt to learn from their methods. Great games learn from each other. This applies to all games developed after a previous game. You don't need to change your self-entity, but cool tricks should not be ignored.Story: 10/10 Yes. On par with the first, with a slightly more Castlevania-y feel, despite your role as the series villian. No more pacing problems. Just awesome. There is emotion, forshadowing, character depth all done wonderfully. If I can make a complaint, it is only that some character arcs require a knowledge of the much-less-enjoyable first game to fully appreciate, but watching a youtube cutscene compilation will fulfil your need.Overall: 94/100. If you're into the genre, if you're into the series, heck, if you're into just good storytelling in general, give this game a shot. If you're scared, wait for a steam sale. It's optimized wonderfully, so hardware shouldn't be a big problem."
76561198070182672,Recommended,239250,9307339,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Guitar Lord Kryss,incredible.  i'm hooked after the first 2 hours of gameplay.  graphics are amazing.  gameplay is very fun and story is interesting.
76561197991086057,Recommended,239250,9313098,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,uzielstrife,"Absolutely loved this game. Now, most people will say the story sucked...and they're right. The story wasn't all it was supposed to be. Very shoddy work on the story, I won't lie. But you know as well as I do they aren't done with it. There will be more story released just like there was with the first one. Which, i'm ok with. With all the backtracking and whatnot I did it took me 23 hours to complete. That's a good length in my book with what story they went with. I mean, who wanted more of what they were doing? And the graphics are truely amazing. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. The screenshots alone prove this game is pretty as hell. (heh) And a lot of people are complaining that the scenery is bland and boring. It's modern age style london. It's not that exciting. What did you expect from modern times? I mean, come on now. The segments in the castle are amazing and remind me of the backdrops of the first one, though not quite as epic looking.All in all it's an improvment on the first. The camera problems are gone, the combat has been tweeked, and you get to play as Dracula. That in and of itself is way too awesome. WAY TOO AWESOME! It was a great game that I reccomend for fans. People joining in on the series now may find it difficult at times to maintain interest in the story. But the gameplay will probably keep you around. I give this game an easy 9/10. Only losing a point because of the story. I had high expectations and they were met. ^_^"
76561197965325486,Recommended,239250,9313735,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,SnipeyMcGee,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 is an entertaining, 12+ hour long action game with a few issues holding it back from greatness. It's a shlocky, hamfisted and (in my mind) enjoyable story focused on Dracula and his bloody escapades around his palace in two different timelines.While not wholly divergent enough from the play-book of the first Lords of Shadow to call it a Metroidvania, Lords of Shadow 2 (LoS2) makes an admirable attempt at creating a fully explorable world which requires backtracking to old nooks with new moves in your arsenal to claim some doodad for your growing inventory of glowing crystal assistance-thingies. It's all very obvious and not particularly exciting, but it does reward you for your time and attentiveness.You won't really need those 'hidden' rewards unless you're playing on the upper difficulty echelons. The combat is instantly recognizeable if you've played the first game. This year's model does come with improvements, weapon switching on the fly similar to DmC: Devil May Cry replaces the blue glow/red glow for essentially the same status effect, but with new combos to learn. There's also a fully adjustable camera, which is a pleasant new necessity (given the level design). Like the first Lords of Shadow, LoS2 has a deeper combat system than you might give it credit for at first appearance, it'll grow on you, but it doesn't go as far as some contemporaries and on all but the highest difficulties you won't struggle in battle.LoS2 has a few obvious issues. While there's some goofy and entertaining narrative chunks to push you forward early on, there's also some sluggish tutorialization. The two timelines are enjoyable, but the past clearly has the art design edge- with the present not really distinguishing itself nearly as much. You'll probably greet flashlights with a weary sigh as the signal in another easy, brainless stealth section that, conceptually, is used to break up the monotany of entertaining flashy combat and brisk level design. Yeah, great idea.At the end of the day, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 is a likeable sequel. It's self-aware, in many aspects, with fantastic options like 'Turn off QTEs' which I highly recommend, as well as boasting satisfying boss encounters. It unfortunately struggles with branching out and exploring new gameplay elements. The pacing could be tighter... But, that said, I had a lot of fun with it. There are some great sequences, great moments that play off of the crazy Castlevania Dracula power trip which make it easy to recommend to fans of the first game. When it's firing on all cylinders, it captures the essence of what so many people liked about the first.It hits a lot more than it misses and is worth your time and money if you happened to enjoy the first. It runs great, looks great and is fun to play. While it didn't surpass my expectations, it met them."
,Recommended,239250,20781126,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MarKo BlanCo,This series to me is just epic!
76561197983966400,Recommended,239250,14982602,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Real_Sphagnum,I don't get the critics on this one. It's an amazing game.
,Recommended,239250,9393356,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"I heard good and bad things about this game before playing it.  However I did play the Original Lords of Shadow on XBOX 360 (I own the PC version but haven't played it yet.)   And I really enjoyed the original LOS... didn't feel a lot like Castlevania because it lacked horror, but overall I thought it a well made and good game.  It was like a mix of DarkSiders and God of War.Lords of Shadow 2 did not stray too far away from the original LOS.First I'll discuss what I didn't like.  The Quick Time Events are pointless and I found they have an option in the menu to turn them off, but I didn't know until I beat it and was reading other reviews.   It has tons of needless cut scenes... The camera pans away and shows you a switch, then pans back to you.  It felt like I was losing the camera all the time... which reduced the imersion.  The worst problem beyond QTE and passive hand holding camera scenes;  was the awful stealth areas/instant redo spots.  It just felt out of place for Dracula to sneak around some grunt... to go murder his all powerful boss.The good?  Well I had a great time playing it.  The combat was fun and responsive for a melee beat em up.   Tons of fun boss battles and the Normal melee ""elemental"" style to weapon combat.  Some of the levels were so pretty I had to stop and admire them.  There are a lot of different types of monsters and plenty of things to collect/build up on experience.I have no regrets from this purchase, it could have been better without needless cut scenes, QTE's, and stealth.  But it did feel like a Castlevania and my fav boss fight was Dracula Vs. Death; totally worth it for me."
,Recommended,239250,9639097,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Vladimir-Schwert,"Great game, just wish the story was more cohesive and not just drops you into random settings at abrupt times and had a higher difficulty. Plowed through the story without any trouble at all in the second most difficult setting on my first try. Besides that, great visuals and a soothing combat"
76561198003350178,Not Recommended,239250,9719736,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Señor Fantasma Jr.,♥♥♥♥ing terrible rat sections! took me 2 hours to figure out basic rat puzzle 10/10 wouldnt ♥♥♥♥
76561198028392518,Recommended,239250,9415450,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,otakonbr,"This game is really good. If you liked the first one, like I did, I highly recommend it. The combat depth from the first is still there, and no amount of button mashing will save your life. And the combat is quite chalenging. The map exploration is a Metroid-Vania, but in a 3D enviroment, look like Darksiders. The game rewards exploration, since there are a lot of collectibles and upgrades, and you can easily miss then if you don't explore, and a quick travel trough castle map rooms are a enourmous help, altough the quick travel system could be better. Story is awesome, what could you ask? It is Dracula, The prince of Darkness kicking Satan in the nuts - that's a good one on my book. The presentation is spot on, you totaly look like a badass vampire and fight like one, and both city and castle parts are impressive. The developers reproduce the horror ambience from other Castlevania games perfectly, and even when you are in modern times, it really looks like a Castlevania. The only complaint I have is that they could use more of the open air parts of the modern day city, since it looks so awesome, but you'll be on the inside of buildings most of the time. I'm a big fan of the series, and this is a worthy sequence of a great game. I'm still working on beating it, and the boss fights are really good."
76561197998530793,Not Recommended,239250,20384250,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ghost,"well, this game is one of could have been a great game. There is potential but the story is completely inconsistent. You go from modern world to the past and vice versa. The modern world graphics are so bad, it is a shame. The past on the other hand has the great feel of Castlevania. Combat system, well pretty rough. I have been in situations where I used items I did not want to, died because of pushing the wrong button, and worst offender, those QTE events...seriously this is completely useless. Overall, not impressed and in terms of recommending the game, maybe if you can find it at a decent deal.One more thing, no support for nvidia surround unless you are using flawless widescreen. Performance is not great even on my machine with 2 GTX780 and AMD FX8320. Honestly, this is not the succesor of Lord of Shadows, far from that."
76561198052698989,Recommended,239250,15862732,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hussain,Another masterpiece!
76561198115440521,Not Recommended,239250,19149787,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Asteroids,"Just don't buy this game, if your a fan of the Castlevania Lords of Shadow series, you'll hate this modern twist. Its ♥♥♥♥ing stupid."
,Recommended,239250,9318835,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,outwar6010,"An okay game (los1 was epic) plagued by a poor director. While looking into the source code people have already found mentions of dlc with alucards side of thing; which was obviously cut out of the game. The ending was also very open and lacked the resolution that ""the epic conclusion of the franchise"" deserved. I still enjoyed the game but it could have something far greater."
76561198132916487,Recommended,239250,13613099,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hades,coool
,Recommended,239250,9310913,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,salxicha,"Forget the general critics from ""God of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and ""Symphony of the Night"" fans (the majority of them just played SOTN and dont really knows about Castlevania games at all) this is a deep very well made fan service.Rule of the tumb: if you liked the 1st Castlevania: Lords of Shadow this game is a ""Instabuy""***Edited at 09/13/14 to review the DLC Revelations.***PROS:- Improved combat and movement mechanics making this even more solid;- Awesome graphics and immersive scenarios (combine several aspects of Vampire lore with Castlevania's elements);- Free movement camera;- Lots of extra content including: 400 pages of design artwork (seems much but it is easy to have those collected during the game - I've completed mine in the 1st run), Challenges and Lore- Fantastic follow up history;- About 14~17 hours long (if you're a completionist and like achievements you would mostly at least double that time);- On LOS1 the platforming wasn't really great and you finished get killed by bad jumping several times. That was corrected!CONS:- Although stealth isn't that bad as people say (in reality just a puzzle) it is so easy that doesn't adds any value to the gameplay at all;- In 17 hours -my 1st run- I didnt spend no more than 30 minutes with ALL puzzles (including stealth) which means that the puzzles are super easy. The LOS1 puzzles were waaaaay more fun;- Voice acting, for Gabriel Belmont, should be better. During LOS1 it was ""Fair"" for a Brotherhood templar but it is not enough for Dracula;DLC Revelations:The level of disappointment provided by this one is only compared to Oblivion Horse Armor.Add 2 hours of gamplay with an incredible weak plot.Do a favor to yourself and skip this one."
,Recommended,239250,19003300,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BigBossBalrog,This game is dracool
76561197992153333,Not Recommended,239250,14565749,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kid_Kray-KRaY,"Huge letdown!Lords of Shadow was an awesome game, but this one was just bad.  The makers lost sight of what made Castlevania interesting (gothic mythos & lore) and made this into some strange Dracula-sneek-around-in-the-future game.I wanted to like this game...  too bad~"
76561198040112987,Recommended,239250,9359311,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,InvisibleShadow,10/10.. Reviews are off mark by a long shot.
76561198017924749,Recommended,239250,12482359,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Timmy -l-,I really enjoyed this game! The story is incredible and breath taking! Definitely a 10/10 from me and the previous game too.
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,239250,19586081,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Tjaranis,"the amount of stupidly made ""puzzle's"" and the 45seconds wait time everytime you open a door just destroyes the fun of it :(just wanted a nice hack and slash with good story and nice combat.also: seriously you are the lord of ""evil"" and yet somehow the idiot story teller makes you be ""the good guy"" -.-ffs, i just wanted to be the badass evil guy"
76561197994852092,Recommended,239250,17241915,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Fofão,"Very faithful to the Castlevania series. Great graphics, atmosphere and gameplay. The story isn't that great, but that doesn't make the game bad. Better than the first one, at least. 8/10"
,Recommended,239250,16246753,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,K I L N K,"It's like two different people worked on this game. Some Konami Exec wanted to ""be hip and keep with the times"", while someone else wanted to make an actual Castlevania game, and because of that, the game ends up having two completely different tones, a modern day boring hack and slash that plays into every troope of any recent triple a game, and a castlely place in the past(?) that actually has some great level design, some pretty spooky atmosphere, and overall feels like what a modern Castlevania game SHOULD be. Still a fun game though.TL;DR: WHAT HAPPENED!?!"
,Recommended,239250,25965612,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Eric,Almost as good as the first. not quiet as good. Game is still a lot of fun. Worth checking out when it's on sale.
76561198101303769,Recommended,239250,21680014,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,l1ghtb3am,"A very solid vampire melee combat game, 5/7 would definately play simply for the blood suckinbg animations."
,Recommended,239250,20764675,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,"The games looks nice in S3D, but it is worse than the first and a bit boring."
76561198112920030,Not Recommended,239250,20820713,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,JEXOL DARKSHOCK,"The game sucks really bad, that's all I can say, the biginning is cool but after that everthing makes my brain throw up...KONAMI! BRING BACK THE GOOD OLD CASTLEVANIA GAMES PLEASE!!! EVERYONE, BUY BLOODSTAINED WHEN IT COMES OUT IN 2017! And support Koji Igarashi!"
,Recommended,239250,20140055,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,the most distant shore,best cutscene simulator I've ever played. 10/10 would skip it all again
76561198001334031,Not Recommended,239250,16994602,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,wezlypipz,This is not a good game.I bought it during the steam sale for $10 complete and it was a waste. Wish I bought the first one again so I could do a third playthrough. Mirror of Fate and the first game are amazing and you should definitley buy those.BUT DO NOT BUY THIS ONE...its just bad. I just uninstalled it...it will go into the void of unplayed Steam games never to return.
76561198042280538,Recommended,239250,9630862,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Barilius,"Man I had way too much expectations for this game... I don't mind LoS2 being more a God of War game than a Castlevania game... but I wish that the story made more sence, that Satan didn't look like a cross between Akuma (Street Fighter) and a pidgeon... I wish the whip had more moves and that Alucard wasn't a wuss... Death was nice as always... And I still liked it... Will see what the DLC has to offer..."
76561198103279031,Recommended,239250,14466004,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Spideykurt,"Awesome game , Enjoyed this one abit more than the first one. If you like games like devil may cry , God of war or Darksiders this one is for you."
,Recommended,239250,16712667,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Poppin' Fresh,"This is the worst game Iv'e ever played. It's filled with qucktime events and feels like a DMC knockoff. I personally hate this game with a passion. The only reason you should buy this garbage bin of a game is if you have 40$ to throw down the drain for a few laughs at how terrible it is. It controls like garbage if you dont have a gamepad, to the point where its unbearable. And don't even get me started on how they completely ruined castlevania as a whole. This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game do not buy."
76561198048393496,Recommended,239250,9340042,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,rlllundberg,"I´ve never so fully disagreed with reviewing game sites as I do with this. The setting is great, story is good, combat is slick etc etc. Worth every cent. Fo rly"
,Recommended,239250,9337410,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Berserk,"-Pros -Graphics look amazing-Combat is fantastic-Amazing story-Cons  -few annoying stealth parts-trouble changing config in game, had to edit text file manually (no other problems after that though)I highly recommend this game although the few cons. I really enjoyed my time with the game and I am almost at the very end. I think a  chunk of (professional reviewers) are being overly critical about things and bashing the game a little too hard for parts of the game that are so small in comparison to the rest of the game.The combat is amazing, its fun to play, the cutscenes are fun to watch and you are going to want to know how it all ends. Its a game worth playing! Give it a try!  If you played the demo and like the game, its a must get as the game is much better than the demo they showed you. :)"
,Recommended,239250,14043909,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,oogabooga,COOL GAME
,Recommended,239250,9667621,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,A_Real_Bulbasaur,"Amazing.  Even better than the first.  PC controls aren't very well done, so I suggest you buy an xbox controller first."
76561198017741959,Recommended,239250,13274169,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LOLnoob,"I highly recommend this game for both who are new to the series and the ones who played the previous Castelvania games. I really don't exactly know why this game got a low score review but let me tell you this. All those reviews are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is fantastic and I enjoyed every single bit of it.If you want to have a good time, nice visual, very exciting combat, great story then play this game. Ignore all those silly reviewers. Those people are only interested in foolish games like CoD."
76561198007471259,Recommended,239250,24339970,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Adrian,"A great conclusion of the Castlevania saga on PC, 8/10! It is much more open world than the 1st part, you basically explore 2 big realms you can switch between, instead of small secluded missions like in part1. Although many skills are the same as before, it plays quite differently because of that, and also seems to be a bit easier. In the end, the boss fight were not as impressive as in game 1, so I like both games equally. Nice number of achievements to unlock, good graphics and some bad♥♥♥♥♥skills make this game highly recommended for action fans. Some of the new stealth parts can be a bit frustrating, but it is again fun to explore and hunt down all live, void and chaos extras to become super powerful! The DLC actually has some clever new skills for the new protagonist, and they are used for some much more difficult timed puzzles, so the really add to the gameplay."
,Recommended,239250,20978473,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,"For anyone who didn't like Lords of Shadow 1, this is MercurySteam's apology to you."
,Recommended,239250,27592594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Compu_Serv,"A much improved expierance over Lords of Shadow 1. As usual with the mainline of the metroidvania sereis of games, you can expect a lot of free roam exploaration and item collection. Graphics are good, not excelent and the story is sufficient. All that aside, it satisifed my desire for metroidvania action. I await to see if Symphony of the Night comes out for PC--that game is the golden example for this category."
76561198082003313,Recommended,239250,27770508,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,G H 0 U L,In the past you used the Vampire Killer.Now you are the Vampire-Killer.
,Recommended,239250,32486325,Posted: 16 June,all,Lilith_Holmes,"What can I say? I'll never get tired of this game, no matter how many time I play it."
,Recommended,239250,9643084,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Robotica,"All in all it's a decent game. The story was not very good, but the gameplay was pretty fun in my opinion. My biggest gripe is all the boring platforming puzzles they put in between combat. For me, the combat was spread too thin. I really do not enjoy the parkour puzzle parts to most all these action hack and slash games, but thats just my opinion. Anyways, if you liked the first one then you will like this one. If you enjoy hack and slash action games you will probably enjoy this one. But, don't expect anything too deep, as the character progression is rather shallow. Your weapon variation is rather dull, and the overall it's just a repetitive mechanic that get's old rather fast."
76561197987630975,Recommended,239250,20377043,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Serendipity,Really good
,Recommended,239250,32188345,Posted: 4 June,all,°_°,The Lords of Shadows Saga is awesome!!
,Recommended,239250,14320654,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"First, let me get this out of the way:I am a big Castlevania fan. I got into the series during the GBA days (for the record I was about thirteen when Circle of the Moon came out). I played it, I played Harmony of Dissonance, Aria of Sorrow, both the DS Castlevania games, and yes... I wish they'd go back to those... but that doesn't mean this is a bad game.The voice acting is good, the combat is fun and engaging, the level design is interesting (especially the bits in Dracula's castle), and it has some of the most imaginative bosses I've seen (the Toymaker is a special favorite).... it just doesn't play like a Castlevania game.Its neat to play as Dracula, its neat to have to fight as a vampire and use vampiric powers, and damn if I didn't let out a laugh when I saw what happened to that Chupacabra ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from the first game.... but it feels more like God of War.Its by no means a bad game! I had fun with it! The giant robot fight at the beginning was lovably nuts and the fight against Death was really intense and actually almost killed me more than a few times.... but it just doesn't feel like a Castlevania game.So, go into it not thinking of it as a Castlevania game. Think of it as a game where you play an ancient vampire who was awoken to fight off invaders to his realm and who has to learn to act and fight in a modern day world and regain his powers after his long slumber.Its great, its a hell of a lot of fun. Its just... not really a 'Castlevania' game."
76561198004811351,Not Recommended,239250,26503821,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 should be the shining example of how not to do a sequel. The first Lords of Shadow game was a successful reimagining of the Belmont clan's eternal war against Dracula, with a solid combat system and gothic story that ended on a cliffhanger that easily teed up a continuation that would just have to stay the course to be enjoyable. Instead, MecurySteam seems to have dug deep to unearth the worst parts of the original, then added a pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥on top of it.I've never played a game that was so hellbent on taking control away from the player as this one. You start out in Gabriel's throne room, fighting back an invading army of armored foes. Every few steps you take, the game pauses to display tutorial text detailing moves you have available. It's a standard introduction to the controls, I thought, that's fine... Then I arrived at a section that required platforming, which was excellent in the prequel. Here, swarms of bats appear on handholds, and you just jump bat point to bat point, with no rhyme or reason to how high/far Gabriel can jump; often where you're jumping is completely off screen or doesn't make logical sense, you just jam jump to follow an arbitrary bat path. The movement in general just feels very stiff, linear, and unreliable. The camera is much too close to the character when “exploring”, and trying to jump a two foot gap could mean death in one instance, but you're deftly performing acrobatic leaps when the game wants you to...Lords of Shadow 2 is more movie than game. After about the two hour mark of barely controlling the character, watching intolerably long cutscenes, taking two steps forward then triggering another obnoxiously long cutscene, I tried to grin and bear it, holding out hope that the game was setting the scene and would go off the narrow rails later. I was wrong. The reliance on movies to fill out the play time is persistent for the entire game. A few minutes of control, fighting a few small, easy demons... ten minute cutscene. Fight a boss for five minutes... ten minute cutscene. And the story is miserable; part emo, Dracula wants to kill himself, and part cartoon/anime cringe-y, Dragonball Z trash, every story beat somehow manages to be stupider and less cool than the last.On the off chance you aren't watching a cutscene, you're presented with a poorly designed, fake open world to explore. It's only “open” in the sense that you can theoretically move among the levels at will without loading into them, but good luck with that. The environments are these super tight, twisting, confusing to navigate messes that's don't connect logically, and you're often forced to hit switches and wait for load-hiding mini-cutscenes to play out before you advance. It didn't take long before I completely abandoned any desire to look for optional power ups or secrets and just wanted to rush through the main path as quickly as possible. And even that can be a nightmare...And then you'll hit the stealth sections. Oh, boy. They are really bad. Putting aside the idiotic narrative leaps where Gabriel can rip the heart out of a skyscraper-sized demon in one scene but will cower and automatically fail if a Strogg spots and shoots him the next, it's just a horrible, tacked on mini-game that you're forced to endure six times too many. Like the rest of the game, these horrible tests of patience expect you to play like a robot, using what powers they want you to use when they want you to use them. Experimentation is discouraged; there were a few instances where I thought I was pretty clever and found shortcuts around the unnecessarily long path they laid out, only to run into invisible walls or nonsensical fail states. You can transform into a swarm of rats if you activate set “dark spots” (because apparently Dracula is shy) which seems neat, but you're forced to watch more canned animation play out every time you do this, and you're often tasked with following a glowing skull bread crumb trail through narrow, linear vents, which is about as much fun as it sounds.The one thing Lords of Shadow 2 has going for it is the visuals. I guess throwing player agency to the wind has it's perks, because the artists had the time to make a beautiful game. The demon and boss design in particular is excellent and creative. From fighting a Guillermo del Toro looking, tentacle-headed scientist to battling Satan riding a flying Cthulhu worm, the unique monsters and reimagined classic foes are pure, inspired eye candy. This ends the positive things I have to say about the game...The “Ultimate Edition” includes all of the DLC, including a mode called Revelations that I think lets you play as Alucard in a new set of single player missions. I can't say for sure, because I didn't play it. I honestly couldn't wait for this game to be over so I could delete it off of my hard drive and be done with it. That might not be much of a review, but Lords of Shadow 2 isn't much of a game."
76561198083305379,Recommended,239250,28176085,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mindy5127,Very fun I play this for hours:)
,Not Recommended,239250,9340113,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Tom Platz of Abs,"+ Improved combat, nice graphics-Terrible disjointed story, lack of epic bosses, **** soundtrack (is there only 3 songs?), terrible rushed ending, stupid stealth sections, only 8 hours long.., lack of enemy variety, modern day ""Castlevania City"" zone is boringFirst game is far superior in every aspect. If you love the first then buy this but dont expect the polish found in the first"
,Not Recommended,239250,29251638,Posted: 14 January,all,beats2reason,"I really tried to like this game. I think the best part I played was the tutorial. Whoever thought stealth gameplay was a good idea needs to be exiled to Antartica. I picked this up directly after beating the first game. The first game was just barely passing as a decent game so I didn't have very high expectations, but I couldn't stomach more than the third forced steath area before I uninstalled. If I wanted to play a stealth game I would have installed one. Not even worth a purchace on sale unless you just hate money."
,Recommended,239250,19461068,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,★ IkarosS,เป็นเกมแรกที่เล่นยากมากที่เคยเล่นมาโดยภาพสวยอลังการฝุดๆ เสียดายทำไมถึงไม่มีในโซนไทยขาย ? ซึ่งอันนี้ผมก็ไม่รู้เหมือนกันซื้อมาดองไว้เล่นแก้เบื่อ (นานๆครั้งถึงเล่น) เอาความคิดส่วนตัวนิดหน่อยเสียงฟันมันเหมือน God of war จังแหะ เนื้อเรื่องน่าจะนานอยู่แถมซื้อตัวเสริมมาด้วยคงจะยาวมากแน่ๆข้อดีและข้อเสีย+ภาพสวยงาม ทั้งเสียง(โดยเฉพาะเสียงฟันอะนะเหมือน เคโทส จริมๆ)+เล่นยากพอตัว ตายแล้วตายอีกวนอยู่นั้นแหละ -0-+รับรองจอย-เหมือนจะมีดีเลนิดหน่อย (บางช่วง)-บอสในแต่ละด่านจะยากไปไหนฟร๊ะ8.5/10
76561198058174843,Recommended,239250,32540579,Posted: 18 June,all,Klonoa Trash,I like the bit where you fight the God robot.
,Not Recommended,239250,9345721,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,sam,"would be a way better game if control commands weren't meant for x-box, or if you could at least change them for a computer, because let me tell you when a game says push B and it really means F or Esc on computer its a real♥♥♥♥♥♥off. But other than that this game reminds me of devil may cry."
,Not Recommended,239250,9322002,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Tom,"Lords of Shadow 1 was a flawed but solid foundation for what could have been an incredibly interesting new take on Castlevania, LoS2 throws all of this out the window with it's laughable story, dull combat, boring enemy types and a completely out of place, or at least terribly executed modern day setting."
,Not Recommended,239250,12340647,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Tom (Cryohazard),"What is this game? A miserable pile of potential...Some baffling design choices and overall lack of polish make this sequel a disappointment. It's not a terrible game, but it simply isn't very good.Wait until it goes to 75% off, then consider giving it a try. There are some really great parts, but they're few and far between- beware."
,Recommended,239250,9268248,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Gizmo,"hello this gmae is fun but why the hell is all key binds say xbox control fix so it says the pc controls for this is not good for i pay 39,99 and you are to lacy to get the controls to say the pc insted of the xbox 360 thats so bad"
,Recommended,239250,9265862,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ozgarden,Beaucoup de fraîcheur et seulement deux calories.
76561198067590894,Recommended,239250,9284984,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,AxesoftheVoid,"A definite improvement over the last game.  Better world, story, and gameplay.The explorable world with collectable lore was a major plus. Exploration and secrets were a fairly good distraction that led me to look at the world a little more thoroughly. The lack of any side missions or story was a bit dissappointing.The story is fairly engaging, more so I imagine considering I played the first game and have already developed an understanding and sympathetic realtionship with the main character.   Robert Carlyle offered a wonderful dracula and the supporting cast were almost invariably superb.  I'm glad they had the lore portion of the in game menu, because without it I would have felt that they introduced some characters out of the blue without any exposition. Which could be viewed as lazy but I didn't find it too offensive.The combat is quite fluid and the controls are pretty intuitive.  It only took me about ten minutes to get a really good grasp on the mechanics of the game.The boss fights are pretty good as well.  One complaint about the boss fights is that they seem to be very interesting and tactically stressful to begin with but they gradually push into tedium when you learn what tactics are necessary to defeat them.  This is most prevenlant in the first boss and last two bosses.  Another negative thing about certain sections of the game would be the ""stealth"" sections.  They were lacluster, slowing the game down unecessarily sometimes, mostly due to the whole system seeming under-developed.Overall this game has alot to offer in most of its areas with only a few minor misses but doesn't really do anything epicly well or ground breaking.  I definitely enjoyed it."
76561198114014473,Recommended,239250,9273997,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,wujiale1,This game wastes time     Its the worst castlevania game i've ever played
,Recommended,239250,9284619,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,VictorVonDoom,"So many people, blind with nostalgia and/or unrealistic expectations, are coming out of the woodwork to spew hate about this game.  The fact is, Lords of Shadow 2 is a beautiful, well-polished, crazy fun action adventure with a deep, engaging plot.  Mercurysteam has done the Castlevania franchise a great service by investing so much love and attention into their vision of Konami's classic gothic tale.Don't pay those unfairly low rview scores any mind; LoS2 is worth every penny, and you won't regret treating yourself to the experience."
,Recommended,239250,9284752,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Grizzthor,"I'm not sure why this game was so poorly reviewed. It's a ton of fun. The stealth sequences are not near as bad as reviewers are making them out to be. If your a castlevania fan, you'll probably enjoy this."
76561198104635557,Recommended,239250,9267052,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,misoprasek,"My rating - 9.0I truly enjoy this game. HD textures pack + imporved combat and learn skill system are truly nice step forward. In some locations I was just standing and maked screenshots because they was truly georgeous. Boss fights are fast and concept artist did good work. I think storyline is not so strong like in Los but that not mean that storyline in los2 is bad. Yes reviews not end good, but  in my opinion they not was truly objective. But players I think use to be for that. I truly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,239250,9285257,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡e-MAD,Words aint enough!
,Recommended,239250,9285841,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,malt,"I'm not sure I'm playing the same game as review sites are, this is a great game for fans of the first one. There's plenty of opulent set pieces to go with the same emphasis on defensive, carefully paced combat, alongside newly added incentive to try and vary the attacks you use long term to upgrade the power of your weapons. There are a few samey corridor pieces and a few poorly executed ""stealth"" puzzles, but for the most part the game is whips and platforming. If you liked LoS1 and/or Mirror of Fate there are very few reasons you wouldn't like this. Protip: Golgoth guards will spot you when they are standing still, so creep up behind them only when they start moving."
76561198031262604,Recommended,239250,9286855,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The Bored Chairman,"Truly an upgrade to the first game, LoS2 brings a nice change of pace. The gameplay itself is solid, responsive and platforming isn't a chore like it was in the first game (fixed camera and 3D should never mix). The enemies are a nice change of pace, forgoing the traditional fodder spam in previous Castlevania games and the removal of the ""Grab is the only attack that matters"" is nice. Given the track record of 3D Castlevania games, this one is a leap in the right direction. The puzzles are a nice touch, not too difficult and quite creative.That being said, there are parts in the game that will cause you grief. Wandering around the city looking for an objective is tedious and frustrating, especially when the enemies continously respawn. The stealth mechanics are either stupidly easy or very cheap (I have developped a hatred for the fall season). And certain parts of the game will not give you an indication of what is required until you die (and a tip appears on the game over screen).All in all, the game is decent and will cater to fans similar games (God of War, Dante's Inferno, Devil May Cry, Bayonetta) and maybe Castlevania fans (if they are open to the 3D element). Unfortuately, the game's frustrating componants may deter players new to the genre. If the gameplay issues could be adressed, this game could truly be considered the stepping stone for 3D Castlevania games."
,Recommended,239250,9290704,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,DefinitelyNotAdrian,Wowie it sure is a game!
,Recommended,239250,9286472,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,RicBol,"Pay little attention to the Reviews out there giving this game 5's and 6's. I find it hard to understand the harsh reviews this game has gotten so far, i am about half-way thru the game and it just keeps getting better. here are my obdervations so farWhats Great:+ Game is Gorgeus! lives up to the amzing looks of the 2d castlevania's+ The Combat system is satisfying and a vast improvement over the previous LoS+ Boss fights are intresting everytime and i am loving the enemy designs+ Enviroments in the castle are stunning and detailed (many a time did i stop to gawk at statues)+ Fantastic soundtrack (I still miss the symphonic metal of the old games but this is still pretty good)+ Being the final chapter in the LOS series the story from all those games is paying off and cant wait to see how it unfolds+ Open world enviroment is back!, the first LoS was more of a level based game while this one tries to stick to its roots of open exploration via powers and items unlockedWhats not so Great:+ Stealth sequences (who put this in my castlevania game?)+ Modern time setting feels out of place and unexciting (I get sad everytime i leave the castle)+ Needs a more detailed overworld mapOverall i am excited to finish it and i hope this game does not go unnoticed due to mediocre reviews as many other steam users here seem to agree with me that this game is worth at least your time to try the demo. And if you enjoyed the first LoS there is no reason not to enjoy this one."
,Not Recommended,239250,15609694,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,NanoByteGhost,"This is a truly aweful Console Port. Your first task is trying to guess what keys to press because even the tutorial gives you gamepad button control instructions. It makes ZERO attempt to use PC controls. Despite being a nice idea for game, you will soon be swearing at it and wondering if you can get your money back."
,Not Recommended,239250,9780226,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,TheReaperKeeper,I was a big fan of the first Castlevania Lords of Shadow however I found this game to be a massive dissapointment. If you were a fan of the combat in the first one then you can rest assured knowing that the combat feels pretty much the exact same (good and bad in my opinion). However eventually it just felt like the game was dragging certain parts on for absolutely no reason whatsoever leaving me feeling like I was just wasting time. Also the game throws you around into so many different places randomly with little or no explanation as to why you just entered what seems like another dimension or even where the hell you even are. Overall I wish I wouldn't have even wasted my money on this which is extremely unfortunate since I loved the first one.
,Recommended,239250,21087775,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"Well, after playing and seeing such a beautiful story as Lords of Shadow's and Mirror of Fate's, Lords of Shadow 2 didn't meet my expectations. Gameplay is much better than Lords of Shadow but Lords of Shadow's features were much better than Lords of Shadow 2's. It took me 39 hours to finish the game 100% along with the Revelations DLC while first one took 44 hours. Story is shorter than the first one. I did a speedrun and I beat the story in 6 hours. It's not a very short story but if I could've done the same in first one, I'm sure it would've took me no less than 12 hours. Stealth sections are terrible. They were pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I can understand that stealth section which you had to do in the beginning but the other ones were really unneceserry. I mean he is Dracula and he is immortal. Why would he prefer stealth to action? I don't even wanna talk about that stealth section just before Agreus boss fight. And that ending... well after seeing beautiful endings of the other games, this ending was a disappointment. Long story short, gameplay is OK but story? Nah."
,Recommended,239250,9283252,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,e6r6i6c,"This game is pretty awesome. I read a lot of reviews, and all of them where not that positive, but I allready preordered this game, and I am so glad I did not cancel my preorder, cause this game rocks \m/ I have been playing for 5 hours now, and the combat is badass, the graphics look great, I like the story so far, and the music is really good. Don't believe all the negative reviews, make up your own mind, play the demo, and if you like it, buy this game, the game is just as good, if not better then the demo."
76561198118496779,Recommended,239250,11737474,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,snakejishi,"1- Graphics great2- voice acting great3- Monsters: look small , boring, and unchallenging4- Gameplay great5- bosses: most of them easy, boring, and unchallenging6- skills upgrades: most of them useless, and u do not need them at all7- Story: first u should know the story of the first game. Story only picks at near-end game, and finishes strong8- level creation: boring, limited, and require jumping every secondPut in in minde, I recommend, but not for more than 20$, it is not long, and not short and it lacks replayability. I think the worst drawback is the lack of tough, and great looking bosses battles like the first Castlevania: Lords of ShadowI ll rate it based on fun only!!! roughly and I mean really roughly 6 or 6.5/10"
,Recommended,239250,10548092,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[GM] MrWalex,"This game is awesome, this review is bad.Just buy it ;)"
,Not Recommended,239250,14631263,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,What happened?
76561198044258651,Not Recommended,239250,13186867,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Wylphen,"Disappointing that these kind of games haven't advanced since Soul Reaver days in the 90s other than graphics. Pull levers, hit some minions, hit a boss, you're done. Story is just cut and paste rubbish."
76561198025990391,Recommended,239250,15162138,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,pctango,good carmilla...
76561198047155224,Recommended,239250,15162233,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Khantuten,Nothing much good to say.. It's awesome game from konami. well done!
,Recommended,239250,9337290,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,TheTerraphobic,"18 hours on record, but it felt like a lot longer and I did barely any of the exploring. Lords of Shadow 2 is a fantastically composed game, with an enjoyable mix of platforming sections and combat, though the balance towards the platforming and forced stealth after the game's introduction is a bit skewed.Combat feels incredibly meaty, and switching weapons mid combat is far more satisfying than the magic system from the previous game, really making combos feel heavy and devastating. Though there is a limited meter for each of the weapons, I found that I barely reached the bottom unless I was obsessing heavily over one. The one complaint is enemies with shields that need to be broken with the chaos claws, and whilst you can backflip over them, the mercenary soldiers seem to be able to rotate instantly, requiring the use of the claws more often than not. There is a plethora of abilities for each weapon, and unless you constantly back and forth between zones grinding enemies for xp, it is highly unlikely you will have unlocked them all by the game's end.Boss battles are big and epic, featuring multiple phases, transitions and enjoyable visuals and backgrounds, the second fight with Volkova being one of the highlights of the game. Lords of Shadow 2 also ignores some of those awkward climbing bosses from the first game, with only a short climbing section featuring in the pentultimate encounter. Whilst it isn't always immediately obvious where to go, swarms of bats linger on ledges Dracula can jump on from the ground, whilst holding a button highlights the path you need to take.The voice acting is superbly well delivered, Patrick Stewart as Zobek owns any scene he's in, and although Gabriel/Dracula's dialogue in the game's introduction is quite hammy, Robert Carlyle really hits his stride as the game's pace picks up, especially in the more emotional engagements with his family.All in all I would recommend Lords of Shadow 2 if you're after a game that's going to last you a good long while, however one thing I would object to is marathoning it as fast as possible (as I did) as you'll find yourself getting burnt out and frustrated quickly."
76561198082834006,Not Recommended,239250,22263727,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Luel,"Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2A wasted opportunityMercury Steam had the chance to close his Castlevania trilogy in a high note, with a golden lock, but instead, all it accomplishes is a terrible failure. I have not reviewed a game in a while but I really need to let out some steam. Lords of Shadow was a great game, a good incarnation of the Castlevania series and the first one to actually manage to pull a good game in 3D. With it's combat mechanics, it's boss fights and a story that I find quite interesting. The first Belmont turns out to be the one transforming into Dracula and the greater evil is Satan. Bravo!Mirror of Fate was a good game, just that. It had a good story, the first time that the Belmont (Vampire Hunters) went on for Dracula's head and how Alucard came to be. Pretty original all around. But it can't compare of course with the first game. And then it came the trilogy closure. Lords of Shadow two. The first game to actually put you in the role of Dracula and in the present. At glance, it's an idea worth exploring, a finale worth telling; to know what happens to Gabriel Belmont now as Dracula and to see if Satan returns. Will Dracula find redemption? At least I know the game won't. The combat mechanics are the same as Lords of Shadow, but now instead of light and shadow magic you have a Void Sword (light) and Chaos Claws (Shadow). Not one change in the mechanics aside from that. If it ain't broke, why fix it?But oh! Mercury Steam tried to step up the game with the world and the map. What a big mistake. The map, instead of being presented as the first game, in which you were advancing from place to place and you could revisit them whenever you wanted and relive the boss fights; now it's just a conglomerate mess. It deviates itself into a sort of open world with a map room every now and then in some locations that help you fast travel from place to place, but it is hard to keep track of where have you been and where you need to go to get all the upgrades. The map is divided in two: the city and the castle. What you may say? We are in the present day right? Yes! We are, but on that later.The city is just dull. All grey, wherever you turn. Generic places, streets, alleys; only for a few landmarks where you fight bosses or big group of enemies. The presentation of the place is lame, it does not encourage the player to explore. The castle has some epic scenarios and places that vary from each other, one time you are on an underground city and another you are exploring a hall; and that's a good thing but unfortunately that is all. The enemies are generic as hell. The demon spawns are so generic and there are so few types of them that you feel like you are battling the same enemies all the game. It is another story for the castle, but nevertheless, there are not so many different types of enemies.And here come the bosses. I don't know where to start. Let's see...There are many bosses on this game and their design is great, but just two of them managed to wake my emotion battling them. The rest of them felt kind of cheap. Also, there aren't any or at least few mechanics whatsoever to kill them. You literally (aside some exceptions) can blast your way through them with brute force. What thing that was a big letdown was the final battle. I was expecting an epic clash and what I received was a boss battle that felt forced and a killing scene that couldn't be more lame, LAME with capital letters, do you hear me mercury steam?Now, onto the point where you are Dracula, the prince of darkness, the dragon, the... Wait... Do I need to hide from this guys because I can't fight them? Do I need to turn myself into rats because of the fear to be killed by them? Am I not the Dragon? A force of darkness to be reckoned with? The one who vanquished Satan?Let that sink in. There are some parts of the game that put you up against some body guards of Satan and you can't fight them, you need to sneak past them transforming into rats or mist; I get it, Dracula can use those skills and I know that he is weakened by his long sleep but there is no part in the game that we face them directly in combat; but oh the final boss? Yeah sure bring it on! I am certain that after that fight, Dracula still needs to sneak from those bodyguards. So in a few words: you never really feel like the dragon.And now, for the final part of this review and my conclusion: the story, if that thing can be called that. The story is just a convoluted mess. Mercury Steam clearly had no idea on how to develop the story and how to end it. The premise is a fantastic one: you are now Dracula and you are about to confront the lord of hell, Satan himself with acolytes around the city paving his way; also, there is something within his mind, dreams (I really don't know what was it) that draws you back to the castle, and when you are there you discover that a corrupted blood, a dark entity is trying to keep Dracula there for all eternity. The story, as I said before, is developed in the present day at Castlevania City and in the Castle. You travel from one another by portals around the world or when a vision comes to play or Trevor appears and guides you to the castle.So this was the ending of the trilogy, of Mercury Steam take on the franchise and what did they do with it? They blow it off. The story is weak, doesn't give a closure and nothing great happens. Dracula sets to stop Satan but ends in a very weak tone for this part and it is never explained why there was dark blood in the castle possessing the minions of Dracula, also it is never explained why you travel back to the castle.In conclusion: this game is mediocre. All of it. The combat is the same as the first entry but you as a player don't need to develop it to conquer the game, there is no need for it. The map, the map is a mess. The bosses don't have any essence to them (in a story way) and have no mechanics whatsoever, just two or three of them. The premise of the story was amazing! It could have been taking through a glorious path and end on an epic note, but instead you get a story that feels dull and no closure at all.Don't play this game if you haven't. Just stay with Lords of Shadow 1 and Mirror of Fate. This is a waste of your time."
76561197993757728,Not Recommended,239250,13961563,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,instigator,"Big fan of the first game and the in between game Mirrors of Fate, but this thing is just beautiful trash, I can't get through it for one big reason, the cutscenes. This feels like a JRPG where you spend more time watching the game then playing it, there are multiple instances of sitting through a cutscene to then just walk 50 feet to hit a button to start another cutscene. The graphics are amazing, the voice acting top notch, but I can't get past them cutscenes. I would recommend the previous 2 games but this one can easily be passed over."
,Not Recommended,239250,16713807,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,JoeDeath,"Game play was fairly standard, if you've played the original you'll find nothing new here. Most of the story was boring or stereotypical, but a few moments shone through. If the entire game was made up of those moments I could recommend this game outright to anyone. However, as the game stands, if you can get the game super cheap and are a fan of the original, or God of War esque action, then pick it up, but I wouldn't pay full price."
76561197986192912,Not Recommended,239250,13974847,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Flottbomb,"I Really liked the first Lords Of Shadow, but this game is in my oppinion way worse. The story is pretty poor and the settings are way worse then the first game. The Gameplay itself i'd say is pretty ok, pretty much the same as the first game (which we're quite good). However the worst part of the game are the puzzles and stealth sections, those completely ruined the game for me."
76561198157031518,Recommended,239250,15161314,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Gixxer,Epic.<3 Need I say more?
76561198009427530,Recommended,239250,30154063,Posted: 24 February,all,jony_silvas [PT],"same ""devil may cry"" formula as usual, mixed with stealth puzzles. Worth if you are a fan of the gender"
,Recommended,239250,27842433,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ProudSoul,9 \ 10
76561198045866132,Recommended,239250,24797529,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,pikaKipz,"Did you like LOS 1? Then you might like this game too.Now where to begin, the combat system for this game is still pretty good, that is if you enjoyed how it was in LOS 1. The art is even better and the visuals for the game itself are as it predecesor, flawless.The story is 7/10 compared to the original LOS game and the game is shorter than the original.The boss fights are a joke. LOS1 had some cool fights, so does this game, but in terms of difficulty it doesnt even compare. If you played ""The Forgotten One"" DLC for LOS1 and enjoyed that as I did, you will be massively disappointment with the amount of challenge these bosses in LOS 2 gives out.Pros+ Great Visuals+ Alright story+ Good combat system+ Light/Dark Power has been redone a bit, making it more fun+ More configurationCons- The game is short- Incredibly weak bosses- Low amount of puzzles- Game feels rushed- Probably the last LOS game we will ever seeOverall I'd recomment it, but only so you can see more of the ""Belmont"" storyline."
76561198006840135,Recommended,239250,24872099,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Karkashan,"A very fun game in the same vein as the original Lords of Shadow, but with the added bonus of the ability to turn off QTE events. Even then, the QTE events are nothing more than timing based. No random button crap that forces you to watch Zeus kill Kratos 60 times in a row like in the end of God of War 2.Good points of this game -Can turn off QTE'sFun CombatInteresting StoryLore of the Loregasm varietyBad points-Menu system is a bit wonky, as you can't access the main menu without loading into your saveTwo major stealth sections that are far more difficult than they need to beItems are a bit of a pain to find if you can't remember where they were when you come back for themAll in all I'd consider this a very good game, an 8 out of 10."
76561198027552164,Recommended,239250,25590791,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,spectre199,"I would most definitely recommend this game, it is really good in my opinion and continues the story of Gabriel who is now Dracula as he goes on to restore his powers and to fight the end boss the same end boss that he fought at the end of the first lords of shadow"
76561198118949233,Recommended,239250,31756353,Posted: 14 May,all,Solid Erectus,Very nice
76561198032703948,Not Recommended,239250,18244832,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,That Casul Guy,"5/10tl, dr version:A cash in on the franchise one more time.Awful story that has ruined the heart of Castlevania as a game franchise. Decent graphics and responsive gameplay, but heavily mired by a flawed combat system. Still perhaps worth getting if on sale for the mindless smash enemies combat. Great voice acting from the main actors, but less should have been put in to the voice acting and instead spent on developing a real story that respects the franchise mythology. Big thumbs up, the scourge of modern games, QTE's, can be disabled permanently.Long Version:StoryAwful to put it simply, it's a train wreck. Castevania is at its heart a conquer the castle and kill Dracula game, this ""re-origin"" story series has just wrecked that with taking away everything that is Castlevania in exchange for trying to dramatise the backstory of Dracula to make him a tragic hero; with an overwhelming judeo-christian mythology shoehorned in to dominate the mythological aspects whereas previously the series was only very loosely tied to any particular mythology. The whole story was just 'Ugh, it's the devil is the bad guy story, how original...push that religion on us even more'.We are meant to believe the city is built on the ruins of Castlevania (dont even get me started on that nuke effect taht was shown large enough it would have destroyed several ENTIRE EUROPEAN COUNTRIES), and the devils kids would use that spot to try bringing about their dad's return...ofcourse. Use the site your ancient enemy is at his most powerful as your base of operations.....yep, perfect sense.Major plot holes exist *spoiler* e.g. Zobek could have read Drac's mind to discover his deception unless he lost his memories, but Zobek couldnt realise that his lieutenant had been replaced by Alucard by, oh I dont know...reading his thoughts....yeah, sure. I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The deal with Castlevania itself is never really clarified, is the castle real and split off from the modern era dimension, or just a figment of Drac's fragmented mind....Major problems arise with the story regardless of which it is.The story is jsut a cavalcade of bad ideas.GameplayTight controls that function decently for getting around and in combat. Probably the aspect of the game that is most positive. The grappling aspects are a disappointment, see that you can only use fixed grapple points to get around, instead of simply making anything that is like a ledge able to be hung from, and the game is loaded with invisible walls which is hugely disappointing for exploration. The game is heavily walled in and you will find that you are limited to very selective above street level areas, and street level, if you want to go explore over the rooftops of the city like some real badass vampire god, forget it, go buy a copy of Batman arkham city, a game which did city exploration properly.CombatThe combat is broken down into mobs using 3 types of attacks: range, melee blockable, and melee/range unblockable.You have 3 weapons, a whip, sword adn claws. All with varying utility, the whip is a mid range weapon that is usable for building up 'focus' which when you hit 100% then attacking enemies will cause them to drop little gems that can be absorbed for magic power for your sword or claws, this only works with the whip though so you will spend a lot of time using it. Void sword burns magic and leeches life on hit, while the claws also burn magic but deal high damage and destroying shields and armour. The shields and armour♥♥♥♥♥♥was a terrible implementation, mobs can stand there blocking forever if you dont destroy the shield or armour, forcing you to use the real core combat mechanic, ""timed counters"" where you hit L2 at the right time in their swing to block an attack and stun them for a second and smash away, this builds huge focus so you can get your claws powered up to break the shields, alternateively you can somersault over attacking monsters and smack them in the back, whatever works. Unfortunately unless you are good at it, you are ♥♥♥♥ed, having spent significant time playing dark souls it was♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to time compared to parries in DS, but often if you are using the void sword or claws the actual enemy attacks get obscured by the flashy animations of the glowing weapons that you dont see them, this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥implementation really forcing play where you dont really engage upclose with magic weapons you mainly use a couple of specific moves then go back to the whip.There is though a mechanic of ""unblockable attacks"", which is a huge flaw in the combat and you are forced to dodge, these attacks are indicated, but seems like lazy design, especially when you come to the bosses who their attacks are pretty much all unblockables or range attacks other than usually 1 blockable melee attack, this menas you can spend boss fights frustrated and magic starved as the range attacks keep you away, and the unblockables are chained so often the fight is 30 seconds of dodging and waiting to get one block and some melee attacks, absorb some magic and hit them a couple times for reasonable damage as the whip does ♥♥♥♥ all. In this way the game lends itself to securing really only a couple of the actual skills for the sword and claws to 'gg no re' your way through the game, namely: Whirlwind for the Void Sword, and Flame Claws for the Chaos Claws. Both expensive to use but when you see them in action it's pretty much a no brainer to use them. You may simply discover the other method which is boss cheese and basically forces you to pop relics such as ensnared demon then go crazy with the inifnite magic while timer counts down (spam those flame claw attacks, for real, ~300 damage per hit on everything), then when it runs out pop the dragon emblem and finish the boss off, takes about 30secs per boss fight, even on PoD difficulty and is almost zero effort (you may have to use the void sword to freeze bosses to spam them hard with the claws).Skipping combat and bypassing trash is often impossible, as pretty much every enemy has some sort of range attack intended to knock you off a hang point if you try to grapple away. Some monsters (the wraith type guys at the end msotly) have ridiculous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t attacks that you cannot do anythign to avoid and hit extremelyhard, as noted, the wraiths, tey have a lightning attack that will hit you from 50 metres away, is practically instant hit and dodging it not really possible as by the time you see it, it is hitting you, and there is no way to defend against it other than popping the sword or claws shield magic. As these creatures fight in packs of 4-6 generally, you can imagine, Drac at max HP has about 300 hp, and lightning hit's for 40 each time....6 of them will kill you in about 3 secs, faster than you can close the distance to get to them sometimes....Also, finally, the camera is terrible, even with ""combat assisted"", it is awful and seems like it tries to blind spot enemies, and the trash monster scripts seem they are intent on getting behind the camera when they can to hit you in the back. This because truly frstrating when their seems to be no 'free camera' even when assist is off and the camera constantly tries to centre in ways that make no sense and you often spend as much time trying to correct the camera so you can see wtf is happening as actually paying attention.DLCRevelations has good puzzles, but disappointingly cruel end boss fight due to endless unblockable attacks and mechanics that dont work with the camera (teleporting behind and unblockable charge).ConclusionIs the game worth buying? Not at full price, it seems like an effort to just milk some more money out of the Castlevania fans who are holding on to hope that each release will be the next Symphony of the Night. Something which the LoD series just hasnt been anything near, ultimately this game is completely forgettable."
76561197970752241,Recommended,239250,9402840,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,wsgroves,One of the best games I have played in awhile. Loved the story and the character. A must have for Castlevania fans.
76561198092802767,Recommended,239250,14395013,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dr Dave,good la
76561197994590173,Not Recommended,239250,19082883,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Eldoran,"The game was alright overall, but it's a poor man's Arkham game. The story of the main game was interesting and the art style is fantastic, but the gameplay and combat system actually got quite annoying near the end, when trying to get all the collectables.Part of the problem is the level design which is a non-obvious corridor, where areas are separated by a multitude of sluice-gates, elevators, decontamination rooms, etc. It's constant delaying and unnecessary gratuituous animations which get boring rather quick. It takes a very long time to navigate between areas and respawning mobs often prevent you from leaving before you dealt with them, even though you have nothing else to gain from killing them. Once I got the final secret collectible, it took me something like 20 minutes to get to the area where you trigger the final boss encoounter.Unlike the Arkham games where collecting additional content is enjoyable and adds to the experience, the design of the levels actually takes enjoyment away. I would recommend doing a story driven run and avoiding backtracking for collectables and challenges.The music is OK on it's own, but doesn't fill inspired as much as the art style and often doesn't really fit the environemt or add much to the game.The PC port is pretty bad. You pretty much need a controller, as all the button prompts are laid out for a 360 pad. It's much worse than the first game which you could play with KB/Mouse perfectly fine. The game runs well and stable, but it's absolutely impossible to tab out. You need to trigger an automatic save, which often happens between areas, but isn't reliable, and quit the game.Lastly, something that bugged me personally. You frequently either fight or partner up with humnoid characters. They have about 3 phrases each on average and will keep shouting them non-stop. Gets seriously annoying."
,Recommended,239250,23915438,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,graven_x,SO MUCH ARTWORK!
,Recommended,239250,27804009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eric Clapton,rly good game but i dont like it
,Recommended,239250,9268693,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"I can't even explain how pumped I was for this game. I watched all the trailers over 30 times at least and got kinda obsessed over it, but then release day came. I started playing and it was a great game! Smooth combat which improves a lot over LoS 1. There are many moves for all weapon types and with each mastery level, the weapon's effectiveness improves. The enviroments are stunning (plus with the free camera, you can enjoy them more), and with the HD texture pack only available on PC, the games was absolutely amazing and showed what PC's can do that consoles can not. I enjoyed the game quite a lot infact, but the story did seem dumbed down, especially the ending (won't spoil it for you and besides, it's my opinion on the ending). The modern day city was refereshing, but got a bit boring after going through the same area's multiple times during many missions. The stealth mission's are not exactly as good was Splinter Cell, but they are alright in their own way. Characters in this one seemed a bit bland as well, even Alucard and Gabriel. The only part I enjoyed in terms of characters was the Carmilla part, other than that, the story was pretty dull in most areas. After all, Dave Cox did say that we were going to get an epic, emotional ending as well.I'll just list pro's and con's on my view:Pro's:Great combat system! Way better than that of LoS 1.Beautiful enviroments (just a bit repetitive).Great QTE's for boss fights.Soundtrack is absolutely one of the best I have ever heard in a video game!The free-camera.Pretty cool boss fights.Con's:The story was pretty bland compared to the first one.Characters seemed to not be that interesting either (Except Alucard, Gabriel, Zobek, Marie, Carmilla and maybe Victor) Mainly the acolytes and Satan (Dave also stated we'd see how Satan progressed as a character. Didn't really see that at all).Some enviroments are boring when you keep having to go through them all the time.Not too many enemy types actually. I came across about 10-15.Stealth isn't the best either.The difficulty has been lowered down in this game as well compared to LoS 1.Final Verdict for me:Personally, I'd give it a 7 maybe 8/10. The ending wasn't all the good in my opinion, others may disagree. I think the game was pretty over-hyped, but most games are these days to be honest. I would definitely recommend buying this game, but don't expect as much a story as LoS 1. Combat was lovely though as well as the climbing buildings, wires and lamposts etc. I only ever got to use the dragon form once though (found it rare to find fragments of the medallion). Overall, if you loved the first one and MoF, get it! If you found LoS 1 and MoF a bit boring and bland, this game may not be for you then. I personally enjoyed 80% of it, but I feel that it will be another year or 6 months until I replay it."
76561197974466591,Recommended,239250,27371182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,krc2112,The entire Lords of Shadow series are excellent Castlevania games
,Recommended,239250,13531898,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,om3g4_z3r0,"WORTH EVERY CENTwell done KONAMIits not the old castlevania that i learned to lovebut it ain't a bad game for SURElooks like the devs fixed almost everything bad with the first gametoo bad the puzzles are gone, but this is truely a masterpiece"
,Not Recommended,239250,12114922,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Acuponctus,Very disapointing game. The visual is awesome but the story and gameplay is nothing compared to the first one. Multiple bugs that makes this game frustrating.
,Recommended,239250,26039142,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[Jö] Cinders-Two,"This game is great, it's a solid 8/10. If it wasn't for the lack of a hard reset option, it would be a 9 or a 10. Seriously though, I really wish I didn't have to mess with the files to reset the game. (to reset the game in windows, press the start button on the taskbar and search up ""MercurySteam"", then find the file named ""Profile.LordsOfShadow"" and delete that file and that should reset the game with no problem)"
76561198004429211,Recommended,239250,9286652,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,KomaKoz,This game is just amazing. just as good as the first. Could use a few more options in game but a amazing game. Looks awesome and plays the same. A+++++++
,Not Recommended,239250,13162082,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,shonkey3,PC controls are absolutely terrible!!!
76561198116210203,Not Recommended,239250,13864068,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,feugenix,"One of the most terrible port from console to pc I ever saw. If you dont have gamepad, there will be difficults in playing."
76561198029356387,Not Recommended,239250,15069833,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BlueIce76,"THIS GAME WAS GREAT AT THE START, but after the first area the game went down hill. It went from fun to, is this a Castlevania game!? I felt like I was playing another game, the game went in a total different direction sneaking around. The thought the first game was bad, so when I started to play the second I thought yes now this is a great game compared to the 1st, but no. I would rather play Castlevania II Simons Quest or even the N64 version than Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 1 and 2. This game is not what I thought it would be, and I tried to like it.Graphics 10/10Sound 10/10Music 10/10I give this game a  2/10"
76561198021757575,Recommended,239250,9276519,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,STILL A HUGE FAN THE THE CASTLEVANIA SERIES..LOVEM ALL EXCEPT CASTLEVANIA N64..BUT THIS WOW JUST WOW..YOU HAVE TO HAVE IT!!AN STILL GO SUCK IT VAN HELSING CANT TOUCH THIS GAME!!!!!!
76561198031470609,Not Recommended,239250,10960077,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Apolo Ἀπόλουσις,"Decepção!O jogo começa muito bem, com uma sequência densa que pensa você, terá uma excelente história.Do meio pro fim parece que os produtores se perderam e não sabem mais o que fazer.Os gráficos e a jogabilidade são muito bons mas a história é muito fraca, e o final é HORRÍVEL."
76561197975230730,Not Recommended,239250,13396693,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[TGS] Captain Punishment,"2 hours in it is unclear wether I still am in the tutorial. I mean, what is this, AC3?The game is ridicously bloated with cutsecenes and the little gameplay you are offered are the sort where you run through linear corridors, scale some ledges and then fight some guys. Some times the camera will even pan in on something important for you, then give you ""valuable"" hint on how to overcome your struggles. should you happen to die or fail the game will kindly show you everything again. And again. And again.Also, the main character is not evil enough. OK, ""ooOOooh"" he kills some humans in need of blood, which is as expected from a vampire, but then, as part of the half-hour intro cutscene/""immersive"" exposition gameplay he seems all sorry about it, as if he only drinks from the bad, or like he has any kind of sentiment. Gimme a break!Anyways, played it for two hours, felt like I was playing some empty♥♥♥♥♥ soulless game from the nineties and felt like I was wasting my life. Then in an attempt to feel relevant and to justify the squandering of my grains of sand, I wrote this review so you don't have to squander yours.Play something worthwhile,play dark souls."
76561198028302470,Not Recommended,239250,13303458,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,asaf mnsn,I just started play but there is no story and the quests are annoyingthere is only one defeat strike so it's feel very monotoneI didn't like this game it all and stopped play it after 30 minutes
,Not Recommended,239250,24120208,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,wow this game is hot garbage,"If you can tolerate mediocre story and obsessive hand-holding through the never ending tutorial tips. AND you can tolerate them interrupting the actually good gameplay for long periods of time, I'd reccommend this game to you. Sadly, my attention span only goes so long, and when I spend only ~20 of my first 100 minutes actually exploring and fighting, it'll make me stop caring.The actual core gameplay is pretty good, it's just not enough to get through the A-button spamming imo."
76561198036743347,Recommended,239250,9284046,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,GaugeBear,This Game is AWESOME @ 120FPS
,Recommended,239250,25047007,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,lefthook77,"Worth playing, but it kinda lacked the promise built up in the first game."
76561198058846678,Not Recommended,239250,20240364,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NetoSamFisher,"This is game so boring, how the konami could have thrown the game? Man, this is Castlevania it not leave a bad game.I gave up playing this game!"
76561198048833718,Not Recommended,239250,13829112,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sugar-man,"action can be entertaining, and the music is nice, but everything else sucks, very boring and frustrating"
76561198099288253,Not Recommended,239250,26553240,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Row,"It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that you have to spend a century to kill some random minions that appear in almost everywhere, which slows your progress and makes the prince of darkness look weak, even when you have leveled up lots of your powersReally? this dude who has to spend 5 minutes to kill a skeleton,which is easily killed by a whip from other Belmorts, can fight Satan?"
76561198024599399,Recommended,239250,12234900,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Baron,"This game gets a 6.5/10 - but the revelations DLC gets 8/10If you love vampires (the kind that don't sparkle) then there is really no way to exclude this from your collection, because  when it comes down to it, this is a high budget vampire action game. Whips, swords, claws, and excellent cinematography within the world. Its the first vampire game I've ever played where you truly feel like an immortal being, and time passes in an almost dreamlike way. I personally loved the the parts of the game (about half) spent inside Dracula's Castle, especially walking outside amongst the frozen ramparts with those beautiful gothic spires in the distance, fighting Knights and such. (The whole time not entirely sure whether this castle is an actual place, or it was destroyed and you are simplying battling through your mind palace to reclaim lost memories) If thats the sort of thing that appeals to you, then this game is worth every penny.The other half of the game is set inside a futuristic post apocalyptic earth; it feels kind of like you're playing a dungeon in ""The Secret World"" - not badly done, just a strange break of character to fight flying riot police with machine guns after fighting knights in a castle.The reason I rate this game, especially the original, so low, is because the story and character progression feels like a PS2 game. It is extremely linear; there is very little in the way of character customization or side storylines. The other reason, and this is the main reason, is that the instructions are often very vague and have only one very specific trigger to complete an objective, so you often spend time puzzle solving something relatively mundane. I personally had to look up how to do a lot of things, and it was frustrating. There is also a lot of climbing in the first one for some reason. About 20% of the game feels like a Guild Wars 2 jumping puzzle or an Assassin's Creed exploration mission. Revelations adds a couple of mechanics to shorten this process, but it can still be annoying.End result is, the more you like vampires, the more you will like this game."
,Not Recommended,239250,10656105,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ari,A hot mess. Iga would cry. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,239250,9556701,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Weedgoast,"It had so much potential, jesus christ."
,Not Recommended,239250,13188267,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Abend,Dont buy it its bad
76561198043115762,Not Recommended,239250,16518408,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pauluccabus,"Being told to press xbox controls while on the computer is ridiculous, unless you can change the buttons that show up to actual keys on a keyboard the game should just stay on console, not having that function has ruined the entire game for me"
,Not Recommended,239250,9670114,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Night,Do not waste your time buying this game there is no restart for pc I have deleted the mercurysteam profile and it will not restart game this is the worst part about this game.
76561198077059261,Not Recommended,239250,12045315,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Ravenragextreme,"Hmm this Review is based on how much you got the game for, as there is no ""hmm maybe"" button ill have to label as not Recommended unless its on a nice discountThe core Combat is fun and satifieing and some nice skills, everything however...First off the Modern setting is completely generic and does nothing for the games story, while certain Dream sections echo a game it could of been, Exploreing Draculas castle (Castlevania) is fun and the enemy designs and envionment are top notch.. rest of the time however its boring gray buildings, Top secret Labs youve seen 1000s of times and boring Mutant enemies as cannon fodder.so maybe get if its 50% or 75%, dont make the same mistake and get it full price like I did.p.s The First Castlevania Lords of Shadow, is around the same price as this game on sale, allthough that game has its problems as well, you may like as a God Of War esc adventure game (we dont get many specticle fighters on PC."
,Not Recommended,239250,10641452,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Classy Doge,Generic God of war copy. Uncompelling storyline. Just a ok-ish game if you have some extra cash burning a hole in your paypal account.
,Recommended,239250,9290734,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Tobias,"You are dracula and you have to kill satan. 9/10. Great character action game. Great castlevania game. Objectives are linear but you can explore anywhere in the game world at any time to find upgrades and etc, just like a castlevania game should be. Combat is responsive and fluid, you can parry and dodge in midair, massive massive improvement over the first game. Great story except it loses a little bit of steam at the end. Easily the best vampire game other then VTMB."
,Not Recommended,239250,10496330,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Major,It's awful. It's hot garbage. It's Castlevania: Stupid Name 2.
76561198134565642,Not Recommended,239250,13510493,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,velkito,"Ports like this, confusing with their controls, make PC gamers hate console gamers -_-"
,Not Recommended,239250,11077660,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nirv Rubrum,"-Die Sequel. You don’t belong in this world!-It was not by my hand I was once again a missed chance. I was brought here by humans who wished to milk me further!-Milk you!? You steal men’s money, and make them waste time!-Perhaps the same could be said of all triple A games…-Your words are as empty as your world map! Mankind ill needs a iteration such as you!-What is a cliffhanger? A miserable little pile of secrets. But enough talk… Buy the cut content DLC!"
76561198069224857,Recommended,239250,24789495,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,organicpeach,fantastic game. lords of shadow 1 is a better game over all but this is right up there
,Not Recommended,239250,13711606,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Yoshikage Kira,"A marvel of writing, the part where there's two Maries and Gabriel has to choose between them broke my heart, engaging stealth sections that keep the heart beating as you scurry past the enemy praying they don't notice (This stealth system could give Metal Gear a run for it's money) and let us not forget some of the best city levels ever designed in a video game. I really felt like I was a demon in the night as I slew generic monsters over and over again, but since its satan's army its OK to not have creativity. It's not like the only parts of the game that were of any worth was the toymaker and the prologue. The one thing that will stick with me for the rest of my life was that great ending, I won't spoil it but you kill satan and walk into a church as some kind of christmas music plays.If I may be so bold as to quote a line from this masterpiece""Don't hit me, father!""That line alone should help you decide whether this game is for you which isn't even needed as this game is for everybody."
76561198109190095,Not Recommended,239250,19997676,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Leg,"Waste of money, even if it's on sale..."
76561198046675266,Recommended,239250,18138791,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dustin,"A much improved game from the first Lords of Shadow.The controls are finally keyboard AND mouse, although when you're still told to use A B X Y it gets you f*cking confused. I know that you should use a ""gamepad"" as it recommends, but this is on a god damn computer I should be able to switch between gamepad and keyboard controls.The graphics, gameplay, h*ll EVERYTHING is 1000% better. The characters are really creative and the boss fights are fun and challenging.Would highly recommend!8/10"
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,239250,24117700,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"This is that type of game that doesn't even know what it's trying to be, in the first part you're fighting in what appears to be a hack'n slash type of third person game, kinda like Devil May Cry, or the modern Ninja Gaiden games, and then all of the sudden it's just you walking around in first person for no reason whatsoever, only to then appear in what seems like an open world, with stealth elements, if you played the demo, and expect something similar to what you got at that point then you're out of luck.The combat system is extremely repetitive, and clunky, the graphics are nice, but every time that i'm enjoying some of them there's either a cutscene that lasts more that ten minutes while saying nothing, or just straight out a quick time event, that you luckily can disable, and i recommend you do, in the options menu in the game.I just didn't enjoy it, i didn't enjoy any of it, i was expecting a hack'n slash game, and instead i got a game that goes up, and down, not knowing even what's supposed to be, only trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator of people that just play games for the sake of playing them, this is a game that's trying with each second appeal to an, any type of audience while never acknowledging it's own, shame."
,Not Recommended,239250,12465188,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,LoreMasher,"Game isn't good as Calstlevania: Lords Of Shadow and actually really, really bad game and that's why:First of all, you are DRACULA powerful being but unable to kill big guy with flathrower? ARE YOU SERIOUS?Second, terrible stealth-action, game forcing you to hide from big guys.Third, boss battles are incedible bad, they made so poorly even worse than in Castlevania: LoS14th, main game's setting is in our time 20th-21th century and there's a past with classical Castlevania setting but problem is that both of them are really bad and poorly made.5th, and the main issue is STORY there's absolutely the worst story of any Castlevania series, even Castlevania on NES has more story(actually not but you get the idea, right?)To summ all that I can say ""Never, buy this game!"" it's really bad and poorly made game with a lot of gameplay/story issues and I was really hyped for that and felling so bad because of the quality of product."
,Not Recommended,239250,29131645,Posted: 8 January,all,Tiripsflow,"Poor level design, boring gameplay, and a storyline that is shameful compared to it's predecessor.I wish I liked this game.I was very excited for this game, but it completely failed to deliver."
,Not Recommended,239250,31933379,Posted: 24 May,all,kgsfrog,Absolutely loved the first one.  This was such a disappointment on so many levels.  Sad that the LoS versions ends on this PoS.
,Not Recommended,239250,10330630,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Lolfy Boy,"ok due to issues that were never fixed properly ive uninstalled this game from my library.  the sequel to lords of shadowPros:Free CameraGood GraphicsGood story (from what i saw I never finished because of the Con)Cons:XBOX 360 CONTROLLER ICONS (BIG IMPACT ON THIS REVIEW!!!)Thats pretty much it That con oh jeez deal breaker right there!  As a Pc Gamer i prefer a keyboard n mouse, maybe perhaps switch to keyboard n mouse icons and controller when plugged in? NO!!! Waiting n Waiting for this GARBAGE YOU CALL A GAME To be fixed of course theres the control legend.  NO thats a burden!  You call yourselves developers and you cant patch the icons out!?  MOST PC GAMES ARE REQUIRED FOR THAT!!!  FIX YOUR GAME!!! THIS IS NOT A CONSOLE, ITS A FREAKING COMPUTER, GET YOUR FREAKING ACT TOGETHER!!!   UNINSTALLED!!0/10!!!!!!!Do NOT get this game!"
76561198262518626,Recommended,239250,32705084,Posted: 23 June,all,malusargus,is good
,Not Recommended,239250,27656380,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Begasus [MMold],"This game was a disappointment, even if the gameplay is funny, the story is really mediocre and poorly constructed.Some parts of the game are so incredibly boring. Lost in a kind of open world with one of the worst map I ever seen in a game.Even if I completed the game, I still didn’t understand some part of the gameplay and story, which very confusing.Some scenes are stunning, but those doesn’t make it a better game.Is only to play if you are a real fan of the series.Vote 5"
76561198095186775,Not Recommended,239250,28776871,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Essex,nothing about this game makes me feel like i am playing as dracula NOTHING Fight some loser skeletons and get kicked around because they can attack through your attacks block anything you do and you are just getting ragged dolled around got normal enemies with armour no attacks hurt them unless you attack them from behind stab whip burn knock up knock down they still standing and knocking you down completely stupid combat system............not too mention they destroyed the lore of castlevania............tired tired tired of playing and getting beat down by everything in this game nothing get hurt except dracula oh then they show a cut scene and your carring a two ton hear around one handed 4 seconds later some loser mob comes through and rag dolls you all over the place because you accidetaly tapped block while still holding a direction and instead of blocking you charged right into the attack and got knocked down and then when your down every enemy in range just starts wailing on you and your watching your health drop like the deficit rises and yet you got to hit an enemy and hit them and they just turn around like your a fly and then they swat you down.................................i would rather just go back to SoTN and rock the PS one till the day I die than deal with this garbage second castlevania game as a vampire and first one that you feel like a fledgling completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dracula with a whip an ice sword  or some stupid fire claws wheres the magic where's the all powerful prince of darkness? not in this game Dracula seemed more powerful as the end boss of SoTN than he does in this game
76561198010050892,Not Recommended,239250,29098256,Posted: 7 January,all,RUNgZ,"4.7/10 Just skip it unless you are REALLY REALLY into dreary settings... like not kinda into dreary settings, like REALLY into dreary settings. Black and Grey for days... for days. Combat is okay, mostly a mixxed bag of easy battles and annoying battles. Not a single fight is difficult. Played on the the ""Lord of Shadow"" difficulty... game is kinda garbo with nice set pieces here and there. That is about it. Doesn't hold a candle to the first one.P.S.The DLC is decent enough though."
,Not Recommended,239250,22097695,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,SO MUCH POTENTIAL!!!!!
76561198131657529,Not Recommended,239250,31710179,Posted: 12 May,all,"Bis, The one without a clue","A waste effort to make a good game, but they made money so what do they care."
,Not Recommended,239250,10878505,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Badguy,"While graphics are nice and storyline is generally okay, what killed the game for me is the fact that it's a complete console port with zero effort to adapt it to PC. I mean c'mon, ALL the tooltips that pop up in the game refer to gamepad. You sure get used to it, but it just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much.."
76561198090980801,Recommended,239250,25057225,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jack Randall,"Patrick Steward,yet again nuf said just buy and play it already ! :D"
,Not Recommended,239250,31307047,Posted: 22 April,all,Shunmasan,Game feels pretty boring for most of the part.The prologue and tutorial area already takes up like 2~3 hours of the game.Lords of shadows 1 is far better even though it was mission based (which actually wasn't bad at all).There are many other hack and slash adventure games on steam that are better.
76561198003380651,Not Recommended,239250,23181865,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,beyondtool,I loved the first one so much I had to try the second even though the reviews were bad. After trying to like it for a few levels and having to use walkthroughs to establish that the game is broken not my sense of logic... I just gave up. This game is painful to play. Such a waste of a good IP.
76561198044917795,Not Recommended,239250,32840376,Posted: 26 June,all,Pale Caesar,"I can't play through this game. I was so bored with it, and I have literally no desire to pick it up again. Perhaps its the setting, which bounces between traditional vampire gothic and some neo-goth futuristic metropolis. Whatever the case, I simply have no desire to continue this, which is a bad sign for the game.Should one day I finally finish this game, and find myself most impressed with it, I will revise my review. But right now, I can't even find the motivation to reinstall, let alone play through the rest of it."
,Not Recommended,239250,26433893,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nicolas,Fighting mechanics are far from good. It could be a very frustrating to fight with big groups of enemies where every enemy do a block ;)
,Not Recommended,239250,26465892,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GR,"The stealth parts are atrocious. Combat is not an option and your weapons are simply removed, the explanation being that you, count ♥♥♥♥ing Dracula, are too weak to fight some lame♥♥♥♥♥baldies wearing what has to be the ♥♥♥♥♥iest looking armor I've seen in my entire life. Boring, mind numbing, badly designed, uninspired, uninteresting, and - most importantly - painfully, PAINFULLY slow paced, these sections of the game are a slap in the face. They make staring at a wall for an hour sound like an up in excitement.Pacing is a general problem, as the game takes control away from the player for WAY too long to play an unnecessary animation or even just display some tutorial text. This makes even picking up gems slightly discomforting, showing the same animation every. single. time. Seriously guys that silly pain box thing got boring halfway through the first animation.The Story is all over the place too. One of two main reasons I tried paying attention and got the basic gist of it was because of  the supreme voice acting. The other was remembrance as well as fondness of the characters due to having played the first game. Something about Gabriel becoming Dracula then getting killed by his son and grandson that don't know they're related and one of them is also a vampire but oh wait they did'nt kill him for real and now he's in the present bla bla bla. At best it sounds like you missed some epic action and get to experience the♥♥♥♥♥♥aftermath.Combat is still amazing, unfortunately I've run into hardly any at all, save for the first section.It looks kinda pretty, some textures seem to be muddy though.This game is so frustratingly bad, it makes me wish the first game had been bad too, so that I wouldn't care. Steer clear, unless your hobbies consist only of staring at walls and you feel like you need something with less action for a change. Then these stealth parts are just for you!"
,Not Recommended,239250,27414378,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Solo シ,"Quite possibly one of the stupidist most rubbish sequels ever made with many frustrating sequences and puzzles that don't give you any sort of clue how to solve them. I couldn't take the game after the first hour, it's that bad.I enjoyed the first game and the puzzles along with it. Note, the puzzles here aren't difficult, just annoying as hell and after several of them I just got bored.0/10"
,Not Recommended,239250,28222404,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,__,"Combat is fun, everything else is slow and tedious."
76561198215019496,Recommended,239250,26750983,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,JustJack6,"Ah ♥♥♥♥ it, I can't be arsed to write a proper one anymore. I liked it, quite a bit. If you're a real fan of the series don't expect the epic ending you were hoping for. If you're mostly in it for the gameplay then you'll probably enjoy most of this."
76561198127232632,Recommended,239250,12880791,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,mrgeniusa,Best game...EVER!!!
,Recommended,239250,21499802,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mixxie,had almost nervous breakdown with puzzles...never seen dracula having so much trouble mostly with golgoth puzzle cant even have a chance to beat thier butt...anyway its a good game
,Not Recommended,239250,9283064,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Horrid,"Already petioning steam for a full refund. This game is impossible to play with a mouse and keyboard, I can deal with a port, but this port is by far the laziest I've seen. Even after remapping controls only the XBOX controls come up for any quicktime event. If people wanted to play with a control they would have bought this for a console.If you DO NOT have a control do not buy this. Better yet, buy it used from gamestop, and return it within a week after you beat it.On a side note, Konami's customer support is a joke, and all they could do is refer me to steam."
76561197998848151,Not Recommended,239250,9285278,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,andeh    ~,"This game is awful. I love playing these types of games and I loved playing LOS, but this is just boring, tedious and not enjoyable at all. From the very first moments in the game you can tell that the game play is going to be awful, the fighting controls that you have arent that good, to be honest its just boring, its just pure 2 button bashing... 1 for life and 1 for damage through armor. I played this game for 5mins and got seriously bored. Requesting full refund."
76561198053784780,Not Recommended,239250,32966663,Posted: 28 June,all,gow117,not as good as the first one
76561198282588662,Not Recommended,239250,33857302,Posted: 28 July,all,BronzeTalos0966,Why so many scenes?
,Not Recommended,239250,29561065,Posted: 29 January,all,AGA,boring
76561198047588793,Not Recommended,239250,32484982,Posted: 16 June,all,LordGimsbury,"there is no new game option. the tutorial only shows buttons for gamepad and not keyboard, so you constantly have to check which gamepad button is connected to the keyboard until you get all the key fuctions down. and the combat gets repetitive very quickly"
76561197998710555,Not Recommended,239250,32045549,Posted: 29 May,all,Skyleaf,Wait I didn't write a terrible review about this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Time to change that!I love Lords of Sadhow! I LOVED IT! But this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ everything about it is either♥♥♥♥♥♥or just worse than it's predecessor! I don't even remember the details but it had one of the worst stealth/jump and run and checkpoint systems ever. It was a pure pain to play. ♥♥♥♥ this game.Oh and thx for making an awesome tutorial which showed us how awesome LOS1 was and how awesome this game could have been if it just ♥♥♥♥ING STAYED THE WAY IT WAS IN THE TUTORIAL! JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST!
76561198055725503,Not Recommended,239250,26319470,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ventisquear,"I can't believe this game has so many positive reviews. It's total crap. First, the game description forgot to mention one 'detail' - that it's practically unplayable if you don't have a gamepad. Yes, there is an option 'mouse and keyboard', but they did't even bother to change the directions in the game. So every time there's a hint or a new power, you have to stop the game, press F1, and check what are you supposed to press. Plus it's extremely awkard - get ready for A LOT of falling and dying, NOT because the game's difficult but because the controls are idiotic.The game is supposed to be action-adventure, but I'm not sure what the 'adventure' is supposed to be, here. It's all same cheap wannabe dramatic moments, like floor collapsing under your feet - it gets yawningly repetitive within few minutes. There's very little story and the Dracula is about as charismatic and interesting as a loaf of a week-old bread.I wouldn't give this more than 50% - on condition you have the gamepad and like repetitive action."
,Not Recommended,239250,34676457,Posted: 1 September,all,HEYMAN,Never got to play the game because it is bugged. I've turned off the steam overlay and tried manually changing the resolution nearing on hundreds of times. It always autochanges back and it's beyond anoying.
76561197995205888,Not Recommended,239250,13023860,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Chelu,The game freezes so many times after defeating a boss and when it's starting to save.... i think ill want my money back soon if this goes on!
,Not Recommended,239250,9265554,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,LilMissWiz,I think this is a terrible port.  Whenever hints come up it is for a controller and doesnt convert to mouse or keyboard.  Every other thing in this game is a video or something that is not game play.  This HAD a lot of potential.  Consoles once again ruining what PC games could be.
76561198022377661,Not Recommended,239250,9272150,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Subiectus,"The gameplay and graphics are amazing, they are perfect! 10/10! But then again the story is so bad (especially the ending) that it makes you wonder what mushrooms the writers have been eating. So the final score is big damn ZERO."
,Not Recommended,239250,9264557,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,peters.jeffrey36,"I have never regretted pre=ordering a game so much... may be worth picking up during a sale but nothing more then $30for this very poorly put together game. After reading the reviews I was hoping they were just begruding the stray further from the original, but they are pretty spot on. Like I can almost understand the vision they had, but unfortunately it seems no one looked at if the over all product was fun to play."
,Not Recommended,239250,34688392,Posted: 2 September,all,Aaron,"Welcome to Cutscenevania. A place where cutscenes are stacked back to back and you have to go and skip each one individually. I couldn't even get an hour into the game with just how bad this is. Let's start from the beginning.First, you get a cutscene to skip. Then another. Then another. Finally, you get to move around. You walk slowly to the door and then cutscene. After the cutscene, a few regular enemies to test moves on. Make sure not to mess up pressing buttons at the right time, because the game won't let you continue until you can prove you can use its poor controls.Trying to block is pointless, because you can't face enemies easily. If you try to block and move, you dodge, so you end up no where near the fight any more. You can dodge back, but the enemy will be ready for another attack you need to block, so you'll inevitably miss it. Oh, make sure to swap between 3 different weapons for no reason at all, because a whip, a sword, and claws are all needed to do what a single weapon would've been able to do otherwise.Finally, you get through the warm-up and walk out into the hall. After a cutscene of course. Yay, slow and tedious climbing ahead! Make sure you pay attention to tiny dots that you're supposed to climb towards, otherwise you end up falling to your death or just not moving the way you want to go.Another cutscene. And another one. And another one. Finally, a ""boss fight"". Oh god, this guy just spams the same 3 attacks over and over. I have to get in, chip a tiny bit of health, then dodge away from his ridiculously wide attacks. This probably took up the most time in the 20 minutes I played. Ok, his health is down- wait, he's run off. A cutscene again. And another.Now I'm playing God of War and climbing on a monster while fighting trash enemies. Great, climbing is just as boring as before. Hmm, the giant metal war machine robot is smashing me into a castle. Am I supposed to be doing anything? I'm just watching it pulverise the castle. Oh, each time it does, a metal band breaks off of it and I can climb further up its arm. Yay, climbing simulator! Oh god, it's even more climbing, and I have to let that boss from before shoot at bits so I can climb higher.Right, I'm finally at the top. Another cutscene. And another. Back to the previous boss fight. OH GOD DAMN IT JUST STAY STILL AND LET ME HIT YOU. Sod it, I'll just button mash, my sword heals me anyway. Yup, for every 10 spinny attacks and jumps the boss does (which are no threat to me, they just knock me over), I get one small hit in. Repeat ad nauseum until the boss is ""dead"". Cutscene. And again. And again. And again. And again.Now it's modern day. Well, at least I get to walk slowly 10 feet towards a gate- ANOTHER DAMN CUTSCENE. Sod this, I'm playing an actual game, not a button-mashing, hack-and-slash, climbing-simulator, cutscene-obsessed excuse for a game.Why do I buy these things just because people say they're good? They always turn out to be terrible games."
,Not Recommended,239250,33359800,Posted: 7 July,all,NeXT,Worst game I've played in long time.
76561198041320895,Not Recommended,239250,9261150,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,slove23skidoo,"Maybe this would be a good game..IF IT WORKED. gAME COMPETELY FREEZES ON TUTORIAL. I am told to  block then nothing happens and game freezes. Never. never again will I prepurchaseEdit:  so I have to clear up. My firewall was blocking a process in this game. I had to go into the TaskManager to see it. It was preetty hard to find, had to enable view system and or hidden processes to see it. That has enevr happened with any other game before. i allowed the process and now it works"
,Recommended,239250,9729559,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Sexual Mufasa,"The poor reviews are all based on one janky stealth mission mid-game.  The boss fights and backdrops are nothing short of incredible.. and being Dracula feels amazing.I do agree with one reviewer who said that he hoped you'd be powerful enough by the end of the game to take out those giant stealth dudes like it hints at.. but nope. :(The castle, the music, and the gameplay are all executed perfectly and it's obviously the developers care about the source material.Play this if you loved the first game or you're missing out."
,Not Recommended,239250,9766969,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,xxMichael,Rat Simulator 2014
76561198032948800,Recommended,239250,10405442,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,ChancellorRiffRaff,"The story could have been way better, which is a shame since LOS 1 was so damn good. Even with the terrible ""stealth"" elements and the terrible ending, the gameplay was even better than the first and the soundtrack was just as good as the first. The sections of the game spent in the castle inside your memories are outstanding and I wish they would of stuck to that. Anyway, spent twenty hours on it and will definitely replay it in the future."
,Recommended,239250,10159184,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,eyesra.jones,"I love this game. I have been a fan of Castlevania since the beginning, and this series of games is as much a step forward as Symphony of the Night was from the original."
76561198108596280,Recommended,239250,10489999,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Vampirerockstar,Great game 8.5/10
76561198076609422,Recommended,239250,9750831,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,SheKratos,"I have been enjoying this game VERY MUCHLY.If you like vampires, demons, and fun...PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,239250,9467457,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,RobsAlGhul574,"8/10 - I enjoyed Lords of Shadow 2 very much. Though the story is a bit weaker than the first installment, I don't think this game deserves the negative feedback it has gotten since release. Good characters, good gameplay, and the soundtrack/score is INCREDIBLE!"
,Recommended,239250,9467566,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Notloc,"The games overall good.It feels much smoother then the first game, you can turn off QTEs (I don't, but still a good feature), combat display is completely customizable, and combat is the same as the first game with minor but really helpful improvements.The story is good too, but it is painfully slow, it doesn't even come together until the last hour (Or 10 depending on how much♥♥♥♥♥♥Satan gives you ;p ) of the game. A lot of the time I felt like the game was padded with useless filler that I could care less about.Overall I'd say if you liked the first one a lot, get this one, otherwise I'm not confident you will enjoy it."
76561197969594225,Recommended,239250,9507087,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,CyberneticMonkey,Excellent
76561198113803764,Recommended,239250,9809277,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Mommento Mori,"After having finished this game, I did walk away Satisfied with it. For it's God of War type fighting and the weird ""No Hit for power"" Combo system going on this game. I was actually glad to have got this, there is little difference between this and the first Castlevania LoS game, With some small extra's of each of his powers giving your character a different weapon, both can be useful on your adventure.One thing that did throw me off was the pace of it, It's quite slow at the beginning, and has a few chances where it will randomly speed up... It made some of the story parts confusing.All in All... an good game, And would definatly recommend for a good fan of the Franchise."
,Recommended,239250,9793419,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Wigglezz,"8/10My only actual complaint was that the game was too short. I beat my first run on the second hardest difficulty (considered hardest until you beat it... semi-smart idea for a rerun) in about six hours, and that's with finding most of the collectables along the way. The reason why I have so many hours put into this is because I actually like walking around and beating stuff up; it's that fun to do it.My other complaint (but rather a nitpick) was the difficulty. Even on the hardest I found the game is way too easy, but that's maybe because of my experience with these types of games. Others will say it's hard and I won't disagree with them. Some people can work with it while others can't.I enjoyed the story (Though how well it connected with the first game was pretty stale) but really wished that they put a lot more time into it for a full price game (that 6$ off because of pre-order did help slightly). The combat is fun to play around with and the idea of upgrading your weapon is interesting but the makers kept it simple, which is alright.I'd recommend it to anyone once the price goes down or if it goes on sale. 6 hours runtime for 60$ is kind of disappointing, especially with a decently good story behind it.Until then!"
76561198030653818,Recommended,239250,9536495,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Ocular Infernum,"Despite the low score given by critics, If you are a fan of the Castlevania series, then this game is a must have. The story line is good along with some great Castlevania lore and history as collectibles. The gameplay mechanics are solid a la Darksiders and the added bonus of a "" new game+ "" feature that allows you to keep all your abilites and found items and give them a try on the highest difficulty level adds a nice replay value to this game."
76561198028054006,Recommended,239250,9539203,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jack the Tripper,"Ok, so the frist Castlevania: LOS was a bit off right? Well, this time around....they got it right. The atmosphere & settings, the characters, the twisted creatures....very well done this time around. The combat itself, although familiar to the first game, seems much more fine tuned... once you unlock some of Dracula's powers further, you'll really start to tear it up in combat. Also, you get some of the iconic vampire powers to play with as well...turning into a rat, or sending out swarms of bats to distract enemies or send them into a confused mess during battle.I felt like I had to push myself through the frist LOS game, but LOS 2 pulls me in to play...no pushing needed."
76561198045133849,Recommended,239250,9539647,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,BarneyRound,"Not as bad as everyone says.  Hard as balls on the hard difficulty though.  Great story, looking forward to the DLCs to put a nice bow on it."
76561198044292197,Recommended,239250,9656148,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Vvitra,Games ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198042903922,Recommended,239250,9591902,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Demon of Semen,"Don't listen to the critics, if you enjoyed the epic adventure of the first L.O.S game, you will enjoy this game, I for 1 hope they decide to make a 3rd L.O.S game."
,Recommended,239250,9624264,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,dukelukam,issues with windows an draging windo to second display an seting to full screen jups  back to other display didnt have this ploplem with theif  small bug that needs to be worked out
76561198081039142,Recommended,239250,9624758,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Eyebleeder,"Castlevania 2 – Lords of Shadow is one of the games that brings me into the lore and love of gothic presence of our beloved Dracula. The game has both put me as a hungry man/beast for blood with the hope of an end while pouring onto me lore and lore of knowledge I never knew about the franchise, Castevania. Many Arguments we’re made about stealth, and I agree with these statements also, but I look at them deeply as story relevant for example, the calm before a huge scene which many movies do before a big surprise. Speaking of surprises, Castlevania 2 will not disappoints you at all, look pass the negative reviews, because many of the steam users are swimming in our beloved Rust game by the genius Gary atm. And MOST reviews are from old-school fans of the franchise. Perhaps being new to the Castlevania franchise effect’s my review. but if that the case, then isn’t that the reason for a reboot of the story anyway? My Verdict: Buy it, Slay it then drink it, BE DRACOOOL."
76561198066448158,Recommended,239250,9560138,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kontar the Invincible,"Forget whats the critics say, this was a great game from begining to end."
76561197970422151,Recommended,239250,9409796,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,xenohazard,"I really loved this game. I believe there is room in the world for both the story heavy third person Castlevania, and the metroidvania 2d style of gameplay. I loved the first two part of the triology and this was no let down. The music by Oscar is beautiful as ever. I didn`t feel like I got the conclusion I wanted, but I hope there will be a DLC or another game (maybe) to bring this triology to the epic conclusion it deserves."
,Recommended,239250,9415503,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Lunchbox,"Take the first Lords of Shadow, and now make it like Devil May Cry.  If that sounds awesome, you are in good shape. If not, then probably not for you.It's more open world and less linear than the first one, which is usually pretty fun.  The story is the biggest draw here, however that got kinda convulated as well.  I have to say, the first game was very very good, while this sequel took some chances and only a few paid off.Lastly, they introduced stealth sections which just serve to be annoying.With all that negativity out of the way, it's still a super fun game.  Incredible voice acting, great graphics, and tight game play.  I wish they had stayed more true to the original, but I can appreciate them trying some things out.  If you loved the first, you will enjoy this one, you will just have a few complaints.It does however end on a satisfying note, and Gabriel remains a very interesting character."
,Recommended,239250,9408036,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,ElFov,"Really good gameONLYif you have played Castlevania LoS and Mirror or Fate before. Do not play it otherwise, you will be disappointed.You get all the answers you have been waiting for ( origin of the Toy Maker, the secrets of Dracula's castle...) and since it's an open world now, you can go almost anyhere without to cut the action to change chapters.PROS :- Open World- HighRes textures for PC- Lot Of Bosses- MusicCONS :- Sometimes you have to go undercover, annoying- Final Boss quite easy ( for the final bad guy)"
76561198030471383,Recommended,239250,9418008,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,LHBeast,"I thouroughly enjoyed playing this lots of fun story line kept me pulled in the whole time, didnt want to put it down.Combat was very fluid and at some times difficult. Loved every minute of the game, only thin not too much of a fan was the going back to get upgrades you couldnt before like the idea of being able to get them if you can find them then."
,Recommended,239250,9412736,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Deluxo,"how this ever received such bad ratings is just beyond me.i never played lords of shadow 1, and i never had a moment that i felt sorry for not playing it, a few flashbacks here and there makes sure you kinda get the deal of what happend b4 lords of shadow 2.an enjoyable experience as in storyline / combat system and aesthetics. some boss battles could be more challenging however, but thats about it! and make sure u get a controller, makes the game more enjoyable"
76561197972265615,Recommended,239250,9445422,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Merk,"A truly mixed bag. Great in some ways, horrible in others.PROS:-Good, fun combat-Great boss fights which are a lot of fun-Great graphics-Castle environments are fantasticCONS:-Terrible writing/story-Extremely 'samey' with LoS 1, right down to some of the exact same movesets with the whip. For a sequel that took 3 years to come out that's a little inexcusable.-Modern environments are bland. They're supposed to feel gothic-modern, almost like something out of V:tM, but instead they just feel like they were ripped right out of Darksiders.-Some stealth sections are bad. Others are fairly straight forward and just serve as puzzles.The medeival setting of the first game worked so well, they should have continued it in this game."
76561198067107314,Recommended,239250,9629500,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Kim Jong Healthy,Amazing. Ignore all the critics. It's a fantastic game with a great story. 10/10.
,Recommended,239250,9629508,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,TheChobe,I don't understand why this game got such a lame review. It's incredible.
76561198043266890,Recommended,239250,9367933,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Leth0,"Fantastic followup to Lords of Shadow 1. Some trouble areas revolving level design and some less detailed environments here and there, BUT they definately nailed it with some great boss battles, cutscenes rendered and voiced very well, and an overall complete package for an action packed sequel! Will keep you playing for a long time as you move from different environments all with their own character.DEF. recommend you pick this one up!"
76561198023510255,Recommended,239250,9373153,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,killiandw,"What can I say?  I loved the first game.  I felt they did a great job rebooting the series and breathing new life into it.  While I loved the old games story wise they sucked.  Even lament of innocence which was great and tried its best to explain the belmont & dracula feud still lacked a little bit.  Now Lord of Shadow did a great job of really giving that belmont dracula feud a purpose and reason.  This game picks up right from the first game and really starts to breath life into dracula and with great story telling elements and voice acting really connects the players to dracula and kinda makes us question is her really that bad.  Maybe he has a good reason for being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥People will pick apart the game play and the stealth mode.  I didn't enjoy the stealth mode but I did enjoy the combat system and loved using his new powers.  I loved the leveling up of the weapons and skills.  The items you pick up on the way I felt were just wasted I never used anyone of them expect of the health potion.The environment was good.  I enjoyed my time in the Castle but didn't care for the modern world.The important question is should I buy this game?  I think so but not at the full price.  The reason why is because of the ending.  The game really built things up with scenes of Dracula kinda coming back into the light and forgiving himself and redeeming himself in his own eyes.  This was great and really connected me to him even more.  The ending just kinda flopped there like a fish out of water.  It didn't wrap anything up or raise any question of whats next like the last game.  It was disappointing.  The fight with satan wasn't as tough as it was in the first one.  I kept thinking to myself he got beat the last time hit the gym and came back buff, but his old cross fitter body was better.  They need to give this game a proper ending if this really is the final game.  If they don't then all of that great work to just end on a bad note.So final thought great story, but buy at half price due to the lack of a ending."
,Recommended,239250,9377758,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Glorified Chocobro,+ Challenging gameplay on higher difficulties+ Beautiful visuals+ Decent length for Campaign- The ending.. it left me with more questions than answers and feels incomplete
76561198016472110,Recommended,239250,9378960,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Kreeztoff,"I don't know who this game is for besides me, because it's all sorts of crazy and stupid. I can't imagine the game is intentionally funny, but maybe that's what makes me love it so much. It also looks rather nice most of the time and seems pretty well optimized for PC. It also helps that the combat is responsive and satisfying.I give it 11 pieces of toast out of 13."
76561198011676264,Recommended,239250,17283497,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,fernandek65,"Terrific game, i would rate it as 8.5/10. I found the first entry pretty boring with its QTE moments, and finally i didn't finish it, i dont know but i didnt find the motivation to continue. With this one, I have enjoyed almost every part, bad stealth sections, thats true, but they will only take 30 min to complete them all, I prefer to keep in mind the 22 hours of pure joyment( you can also disable QTE!)."
76561198017378743,Recommended,239250,17287050,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,bluestormzion,"While not quite what I'd wanted after the first game in the series (and Mirror of Fate,) this is a good place for a semi-closing chapter.  Without any spoilers, a lot has happened since Gabriel Belmont originally set out to kill the Lords of Shadow and Do Good Things.  And this is a worthy addition to that story.  But what we see here is literally centuries after everything that happens in the other two games, and that gap feels kinda weird.  I suppose it's all explained via flashbacks and things, but even still.Lords of Shadow 2 improves on anything the first game did that needed improving, while not messing with 95% of the things about that game that worked great already.  And it THANKFULLY brings back one continuous world that you can explore as you see fit.  Physically walking back to an area with a new power to get a thing you saw but couldn't reach makes sense; selecting an earlier chapter from a menu in the first game, and running into characters and even bosses that are already DEAD... not so much.That said, the tone of the two games is much different.  This one doesn't ride on Hope so much.  Some might like the darker story, but personally I thought that it was a little somber and depressing at times.  It was all well told, and Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart knocked their roles out of the park, but I think that the darker universe just kinda took a toll on things.  We'll be visiting different environments, but gone are the sunny paths, baked desert-scapes, and clear skied mountain fortresses of the first game.  Here you get plenty of variety, with stormy locales, night cityscapes, fiery caverns, frozen mountainsides... but you'll never be doing anything during the day.  That's understandable, as Story Reasons require you to get everything done in one night.  And hell, Castlevania games usually all happen indoors, in one night, IN Dracula's Castle, so I can't fault it too much for grim, darkness.Powers work better in this game than the first.  Alternate weapons/magic/sub-weapons, all that stuff is great.  In the first game, I found myself doing everything with the whip, and never bothering to use my daggers, fairies, or dark crystal.  I used Holy Water to deal with BS waves that got boring, but when I used sub weapons or items here, it was all strategic and useful.  Especially in the Kleidos Challenges.Kleidos Challenges are unlockable (and thankfully optional) challenges that put you in a circular area with various enemies.  And there are three objectives, different to each challenge.  You might get, say, don't break any shields, don't use the Void Sword, and don't recover health by any means during the fight.  There's always the same 4th objective: do all three in the same run.  I did more than half of these before I got annoyed, and then just stopped.  For the super-hardcore, this is your kind of thing.Collectables are EVERYWHERE!  Kinda literally.  I've found 3 or 4 things in the SAME ROOM, sometimes I needed different powers for each... and sometimes when you find the first collectable, it's actually only half-way down a secret path, and going just a little farther will find you a hand-hold to climb or sneak or do something to get to another.  I liked that, using one power-up as a distraction so you'll think you've got it and miss out on the next one.Speaking of those collectible powerups, the come from two major things: Pain Boxes and Piles of Sacrifice.  The Pain Box is a box with a mouth that cuts or stabs your wrist when you stick your hand in, but then you get a Health, Void, or Chaos shard to raise your HP or Void or Chaos magics!  The Pile of Sacrifice is a little statue of a dude with a big curved sword over his shoulder, and you slice your wrist on it, bleed a LOT into the bowl beneath it, and then the bowl gives you either a capacity upgrade for 5 of your 6 relics or a Kleidos Nail, to get them Kleidos Challenges unlocked.  Don't worry if hunting for all this sounds annoying: you can pick up or shop for Dodo Eggs, and using one will mark the nearest collectible on your map.  It was fun for me hunting these down, though I did Dodo around... 15 of the game's nearly 200, just because I was at the end and wanted to get everything before I hit the last area.Some people say that the bosses here aren't as good as the first game.  True, for the most part, but at the same time not true.  They're very different.  The first game's bosses were huge and awesome, but had some HIGHLY scripted ways to beat them, and most ended in a series of Quick Timing Events.  Here it's more a real fight, relying on your gameplay skills.  QTEs have been dialed back A LOT from the first game.  Lords of Shadow 1 must have something like 800% as many as this one does.So I'll conclude here saying that this is a solid game with a cool story, and voice acting from two guys who do very good work.  Definitely, without question worth a buy on sale, and honestly even worth a buy at normal price if you're into Castlevania stuff.  But as a caveat, you might want to get the first game and Mirror of Fate HD first, as this is one epic overarching story, and though they do a pretty good recap at the beginning here, you want to be attached to the characters and the world first.  It makes this much more powerful.Here's hoping they make the intended third and final game, and round everything out as incredibly as I hope."
76561198021268865,Recommended,239250,16767298,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Juice-drinking Hood Menace,"Astounding, immersive setting. Gameplay is fun, and this is probably the best vampire action game of the last several years"
76561198008256537,Recommended,239250,17440150,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Russian2Die,"Awsome game, but it feels like they could've done more with it."
76561198054793974,Recommended,239250,17338973,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,halooo1986,Let's start off by saying I was one of the people who enjoyed playng this game.Nice game :-)
,Recommended,239250,18869743,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,osricen,"If Steam's rating system was stars, I would give this one three of them. It has beautiful graphics, optimized perfectly for a PC (even when the commands displayed are always Xbox 360's ones and you have to get used to them if you're playing with a keyboard and mouse) as it works like a charm on a Pavilion DV6 one. Music is the best part of the product, as cinematics are too (running 99% of the times fully real time)... but all the mythological themes, magic, settings and others that make a Castlevania game a Castlevania game are far away gone to present a more contemporary, darker, story. Character development is way better than the first game, but storytelling is not as solid as it could be. Gameplay feels amazing all the time, but I recommend using a guide if you don't want to get lost and wander for hours sometimes. Feels rock solid, but if you're expecting a Castlevania game you might not like this one at all as it feels a lot more like a Devil May Cry game now. Buy wisely."
76561198175820409,Recommended,239250,18938518,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,akuly27,this game was a lot fun to play good game play.
,Recommended,239250,18739865,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Charly Charly,"First things first, I LOVE the art design of the whole game, they're really masters when it comes to imaging how Dracula Castle would look like, sound its also very good, music its good, visually its ok too.Now for a Castlevania game it lacks a lot from other games, including handheld versions (GBA/NDS). Game lacks collectibles, gear to improve you status, weapons, etcGameplay its ok but having so many attack combos can be too overwhelming, most of the time you'll use only use 2 or 3 combos for the whip and sword, I barely used the shadow claws (except when required by the game). It might be my bad memory but I found myself checking too many times how to make that cool looking combo I just unlocked and not so much time using it cause you can beat the game without it.Controls are fine but a few times they can get very frustrating, camera its also a bit frustrating since there is no way to lock your attacks to an enemy and the game will try to ""auto aim"" your attacks to the closest enemy but always the one you don't mean to attack.Collectibles are a bit boring, scrolls that try to complete the story and tell you parts of it that are not currently happening in game. You (Dracula) feel like the less powerful Dracula from the saga and the stealth sections of the game make no sense for a Castlevania game.Overall its a good game, not so much a good Castlevania. Definitely an improvement over the first LoS.I'll only recommend it if you don't mind a short game with almost no replay value and very little exploration like in past Castlevania games and you are a ""true"" Castlevania Fan7/10"
,Not Recommended,239250,18853580,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Timothy J. Hentai,were is demon castle war at konami?
76561198055352129,Recommended,239250,18451316,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,"Kaneki Ken ""The Black Reaper""","If you want a game that has : a great storyline and has lots of action, then this is your game."
76561198006571716,Not Recommended,239250,18405155,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tanthius,It's total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198039299380,Not Recommended,239250,18724095,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Arowhite,"Really i don't know what to say about this game. It's not bad per se, the gameplay is more interesting than the first one but beside that, boss fights are way too easy, game is too short, there's no puzzles, the story is ... oh my it's bad, and i mean really bad.Buy it cheap or don't buy it, even if like me you wanted to know the end of the trilogy. Because you'll be disappointed."
76561198054382705,Recommended,239250,18590949,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,dsastrigger,"This game improved a lot from the first game:- the combat is much more fluid and fun to play;- now it's possible to explore all the map whenever I want instead of playing through stages;- linking the story with another well-known Castlevania game was a good surprise! Overall, it`s good... until the ending.Altough it suffered an upgrade, this game have a few issues (SPOILER ALERT!!):- In comparison to the first game's DLC, I had to avoid been seen by the last boss for his powers were too great - he could melt me in a instant; there was a danger, a reason to hide... but in this game I had to play through a stupid hide-and-seek minigame for no reason before fighting two bosses; neither I nor them got stronger/weaker or the place before the fight buffed them or myself just before the fight so WHY the combat couldn't have started as soon as I saw them? Seriously, give me a good reason to hide from them!- the ending from the main story (I didn`t played the DLC yet) was... stupidly annoying at least. You defeat the last boss by almost killing your partner and then you`re free to do whatever cr@p you wanted but oh, the sun is rising so I guess its time for bed. In conclusion:YOU DEFEAT THE PRINCE OF DARKNESS, FREEING MANKIND FROM ALL EVIL AND YOU REWARD YOURSELF... with a nap.This ending was indeed a miserable pile of sh!t.Altought the story reaches its stupid ending, the game itself is very good. 8/10"
76561198080766591,Recommended,239250,18690715,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lazava,"As a fan of castlevania ever since SotN I have to say this one is a mixed bag. When it hits its stride it is an absolute amazing Castlevania game. It's weaker spots are very bland and dull. What I'm referring to is the point you play in the present period. As a Castlevania fan would come to expect, the present day is completely out of element for this series. But there are times when you play in the past and let me tell you those are what make the game amazing. The story telling is good and if you are a fan of the previous Lords of Shadow games I would recommend it."
76561198189094134,Recommended,239250,23643933,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,nachtjager12,"Overall the game is quite good, the part i loved about the game most is that you play Gabriel Belmont as Dracula, the fighting mecahnics is very fun to play with especially gorging upon your enemies to sink your teeth in, though i find the modern day setting kind of bland, along with the unneccesary stealth gameplay, the characters held it together with excellent voice acting, though i wished there were more in the ending for a conclusion it still is worth it."
,Recommended,239250,23819428,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lalo,That's a good game.
76561198083781269,Recommended,239250,23224674,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ddastan,"A really nice game, the story its very deep, qnd the combat although a little hard, its very good when you get the hang of it. A really good game worth the time and money."
76561198074923381,Recommended,239250,9610707,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dragon969,I always wanted to play as Dracula in a Castlevania game and now I can.
76561198068332591,Recommended,239250,9385225,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,snstone0,"Having been pleasantly surprised by just how good the orginal lords of shadows was, it's fair to say that my expectations for its  sequel were fairly high and nearly four years  later, we have lords of shadow 2 and with it, two questions which roughly translate to: ""Is this game a worthy sequel to the orginal"" and ""should I buy it? In answer to the first question, my answer would be, for the most part, yes it is. The reason why I say for the most part is because while I think that los2 is a genuinely good game, I feel that it falls just short of matching the greatness of the orginal. The main reason why I think this is, is because los2 is a game of two halves.On the one half you have the exploration of draculas castle, which to say the least is huge and the medieval gothic  architecture as well as the unique characters and enemies that inhabit the prince of darkness's home. For me, this is where the game truly shines as it is this part of the game that seems to embody both the aesthetics and quality of the first game.The other half of this game involves navigating through a modern day setting, which I'm afraid to say is where this game falters. The main reason for this is because while the modern envioments are competently enough designed from a gameplay perspective, they lack any kind of personality and uniqueness of their own to make them memorable or even particularly interesting enough to warrent further exploration beyond the main game. Indeed, aside from the boss battles that take place in these locations and the stealth sections (The latter of which I actually quite enjoyed, contrary to popular opinion!) I found most of my time spent in the modern setting to be fairly forgettable,  especially when compared to the parts that take place in Draculas castle, and ultimately hold the game back from being truly on par with the first game.In answer to the second question as to whether the game is worth buying, my answer would be that if you enjoyed the original los then I defiantly believe that this game is worth buying. If you've never played the original but like God Of War style hack and slah games then I would also recomend this title as being a worthy purchase. In short, I would say that if you liked the original los then the odds are that you'll probably like this game as well. In conclusion, If I had to give the first game a score out of ten, then I would probably give it an 8. With this game, I feel that a 7 would be more appropriate."
76561198032411811,Recommended,239250,9386301,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Hela,"Castlevania: Lord of Shadows 2 is a sequel to the well recieved but amoung some circles oft trashed ""Lord of Shadows."" Which blended God of War/Devil May Cry style gameplay with the original Castlevania actiony dark fantasy romp through monster land. I won't give away the ending to that game as some jerks do in even mentioning this game, but you probably already know. If you have not played Lord of Shadows, playing it first is an absolute necessity, and it's also a superior game to this one in my opinion.That said, in my opinion, contrary to the many reviews that are probably due to people not getting paid enough to give the usual IGN ""9.5/10 it's ok"" kind of review, I found this game a great experience, for many many reasons, since I always like to leave the reader with a positive taste in their mouth if I reccomend this game, (which I do), Then I'll start with the things this game gets wrong once I briefly summarize what it's about.Lord of Shadows 2 has you playing as a newly awakened Dracula after a brief and extremely handholdy tutorial (which will be especially tedious if you played the tutorial), Where he defends his castle from the Forces of The Brotherhood of light. These events take place after Lord of Shadows, and Mirror of Fate (which still needs a port, get on it Konami) And you can read the rest of this in the game summary above on the steam page.The gameplay is a blend of the 3D actiony combat and beat em up that Devil May Cry and God of War pioneered and refined also seen in Lord of Shadows, it is similar enough to that game that it doesnt feel brand brand new, but still new enough to not feel rehashy. It also features platforming and Uncharted and God of War brand climbing sections. And some stealth sections. You explore Dracula's castle, both in the quasi-otherdimensional quasi-memory quasi-past, and the modern day city Castlevania which was built over the ruins of Dracula's castle and it's quite cool how they overlap.Now, lets get to the negative bits. The stealth in this game is awful and unnessecary, There was a way this could've been done, which would involve Dracula stalking his prey and feeding, but the mighty Prince of Darkness running away from rejects in red from Legacy of Kain: Blood Omen 2 on steroids as rats was just ugh. But this can be forgiven as it is mostly just puzzles. The worst one is a particularly aggravating section of stealth against a giant monster satyr that you fight immediately afterward, and is a *COMPLETE* Pushover. It's ridiculous how easy it is to beat this guy after you were cowering in fear in the most difficult stealth section of the game.Another thing that bothered me is how utterly uninspired and generic the soundtrack is. It's beautifully written and scored but it's utterly forgettable and generic. there is maybe one, possibly two pieces on the whole soundtrack I remember at all, and they were variations on something from the previous game. This is forgivable for most games, But not Castlevania a series which has always had an extremely memorable soundtrack.Another odd thing is how arbitrary the things you can climb on and things you cant seem to be, giving a linearity that's even more irritating, but It's a standard of the genre so it is not so bothersome. I dislike how few platforming sections there are, honest platforming and it lacks puzzles compared to the first one.And one last flaw I noticed, was how much I hate enemies that require a certain power to defeat, though thankfully those enemies are either rare or this can be gotten around by clever gameplay. In addition, nto enough moves interrupt enemies for long enough making it too easy to be overwhelmed in situations you shouldn't be, and there simply isnt a large enough variety of enemies compared to the first game.Now onto the positives.The Art Direction of this game and it's implementation is breathtakig, it's simply magnificent. And is definately the strongest points  of it. The animation is fantastic, the atmosphere is gorgeous and captures castlevania to a T, while reminding me of Devil May Cry, and Vampire: The Masquerade, this all creates a neo-gothic feel that perfectly suits this game.The Combat is very good, and very polished. A skilled player can defeat most enemies completely untouched while keeping an very strong level of  challenge. the only drawback of the combat is the lack of stunlocks hits on groups of enemies causes far too much interruption, but this can be argued adds to the challenge, and I am a bit inclined to agree. The game feel is a bit light, but otherwise the sound of the fighting. I particularly like how it is a better Devil May Cry than the latest DMC game, and still retains all of the castlevania feel.The Characters are all excellent, and the story is beautifully told, and has much pathos even if it's a touch predictable. All in all, it fits together in a really excellent way and creates an atmospheric, fun, rich experience, if a touch too short. It starts with a whimper and ends with a bang. Many great boss fights and difficult enemies, and no shortage of action.To sum up, Castlevania Lord of Shadows 2 deserves is an excellently designed and executed game with a haunting and engaging story, a rich atmosphere, a fairly deep and well done combat system and plenty of gameplay and is well worth the money.Visuals 9/10- Excellent art design and execution, well done animations, Rich, beautiful enviroments and atmosphere.Sound 7/10- forgettable if well done soundtrack holds back what otherwise is an excellently voiced experience with quality foley .Gameplay 7/10- Lack of enemy variety, with some flaws to an excellent combat system as well as lack of platforming, combined with not enough puzzles for my liking hold back slightly what is an extremely fun experience, the tedious stealth sections at times could've been an improvement were they better executed and designed but otherwise it is another black mark lowering it's scoreStory 9/10- Excellently written, solid concept and unique spin on the castlevania formula, it is at times quite predictable, but it is so well executed it makes up for it, it is truly heart-warming, wrenching and breaking at times. With truly unforgettable moments, there is better stories out there, but not all that manyOverall= Solid 8/10"
76561197993911353,Recommended,239250,9387834,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Keithios,great game all around.
,Recommended,239250,9391489,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Surg,This has been fantastic for the game following the Lore and Storyline has great depth and invites the player to yearn for more.
,Recommended,239250,9482100,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,sonofjune19th,"I have played the game for 5 hours. I haven't made too much progress. If I would have listened to all the reviews I read I wouldn't have purchased this game! I went out on a limb and purchased for PC. Castlevania: LOS2 is a mixture of Darksiders 2, and the God of War Series! However, this game is very story driven! At the beginning of the game it can be a little off putting when you have to do the things in stealth mode. However, from my perceptive it's okay because I am into the story, Zobek even tells you that you are not up to strength. However, as I stated I am biased. I would encourage the fan base to get the game. I find it worth it, I like games that pull me in....this is one of those games."
,Recommended,239250,9485251,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Goodmen,"Just like its series, but still manages to make you want more =3"
76561198068397734,Recommended,239250,9356523,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,gregorangus,"This was my first Castlevania game so I went in not really knowing what to expect. First of all, the combat's fun, not played many hack'n'slash games and this made me wonder why, it's incredibly satisfying pulling off that perfect combo right after a successful synchronized block. Only real criticism I have of the combat is that there's not much of an incentive to try the special moves. When a game's this simple to beat and the enemies aren't overly difficult, nothing really forces you to have to pull off the special attacks, and you find yourself halfway through wondering if you're really getting the full experience because of your lack of variation in how you play combat-wise. Can't really comment on the exploration, as I've really no idea what makes someone want to explore a game world, some open worlds make you want to explore - some don't. I have no idea if it's to do with art style or hidden secrets, but I definitely wanted to explore the castle and find every secret there was to find, found myself spending hours just exploring different areas. Graphics-wise, this game looks amazing - found myself pressing F12 way more than I probably should have been, and I've changed my desktop to different screenshots about 5 times since I bought this game. The gothic architecture of the castle really gives the developers a chance to pull off some of the most stunning scenes, last-gen ports have never looked so good. Although I've never played the first LoS, I kinda felt myself wondering how great this game would be if it had the same setting, medieval Europe. I really dreaded the modern day parts of the game, the city was boring - everything looked the same, spent most of it hoping I'd see another castle sequence soon. Voice acting was great, can't really go wrong with a cast like Richard Madden, Robert Carlyle and Patrick Stewart, although when voice actors so famous play roles you can't help but see them as the actor as opposed to the character, because you've heard their voice so many times before. Characterisation wasn't the best, I wanted to see a Dracula that didn't start tearing up everytime he was reminded of his past, and he didn't really develop much throughout the story. Not going to go too into depth about stealth, all I'm going to say is that it was terrible and I'm glad it wasn't more prominent in the game. Story-wise, this game's brilliant, sometimes when the combat became a bit too repetitive and I was stuck in the city knowing I wouldn't see another medieval-esque area for a while, I was just hoping another cutscene would occur. The whole father-son dynamic between Trevor and Gabriel was really well-written and enjoyable to listen to, and although I complained about him being too emotional, I really liked the parts that Gabriel's human side showed in the scenes with his family. Boss fights were one of my favourite parts of the game, it was different every time and it forced you to adapt to the situation as opposed to just hitting and dodging, only criticism is that the dialogue during the fights could be improved as I heard the same line over 50 times when fighting some bosses. Can't really think of any other elements of the game to comment on. Overall I'd say this game is definitely worth getting - not got much replayability but the first playthrough is worth the money. Despite its many drawbacks like stealth and poor setting - the art style, voice acting, combat and story do more than enough to make up for it."
,Recommended,239250,9358025,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,centuryon,"Not without its faults, but still quite enjoyable.After playing the full game. I certainly do not feel it deseved such low critic scores. Are there some issues, of course. But on the whole, I still had fun with it, and that's what it all boils down to. If you want some handy bullet points on the matter:Pros:* Combat is very fluid, and there are a number of attacks and options at your disposal* The Boss battles are the real showstoppers in terms of granduer and excitement, and are the high points of the game, and each one of them is unique.* Platforming is also very fast and has definitely been streamlined from the original* The Castle setting is simply beautiful and really makes the player want to explore it* Game is super optimized and runs amazingly well on most machines. Played at 1080p with all settings maxed at a constant 60fps* The musical score is just so well put together and a treat to listen to, fitting the action on screen perfectlyCons:* The game starts off slow after the prologue, focusing a lot on the modern day section* The modern day section is sadly lacking in terms of creativity and imagination. Was expecting something more unique from a modern day Satanic laboratory (especially compared to Frankenstein's Lab or the Toymakers Workshop from the previous games) for instance.* Most time in the modern day is spent underground or in corridors, opposed to the more visually pleasing areas such as the Arts District.* The Stealth sections needed more variety to be interesting, or should have been limited to just a few segments. Though they still only take a few minutes to do. Too much of a big deal was made about one stealth segment in particular, only because people forgot about the handy Mist ability.* The ending is somewhat inconclusive and the final segment leading up to it lacks any real sense of build up."
,Recommended,239250,9367330,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,LukeMcJones,"Just finished the game and at 16 hours in length (Not completing it 100% but finishing the story and unlocking a good number of the skills) I'll say that I really enjoyed it. I was surprised how much I enjoyed the first game (buying it on 360 and PC), so I was just stoked to have a fully-blown sequel to it. It plays well, combat feels solid, and some of the fights are challenging, and I can think of only one part of the game where I almost ALMOST gave up, which was Agreas' maze, but I can forgive it because overall this is probably the best £30  I've spent on a game since... the first game. For me, I'm just in it for the story, and having played both its sequels, it feels nice and tight to the storyline it set out to tell. Very entertaining and now I'm sure my wife would like to have some of my time back in the evenings."
76561198008350758,Recommended,239250,9718627,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Zod,"pretty cool, but i felt more rewarded by the first game and i feel the story was better.Over all still a pretty cool game"
,Recommended,239250,9835301,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Amidatelion,Very ♥♥♥♥ing pretty. Too bad the gameplay is garbage compared to the first one and the characterizations are unbelievably bad. But good LORD is this game pretty.
,Recommended,239250,9465324,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,psisa.filin,This game is more better then the first part of the Lords of Shadow. Awesome graphics and story line.
,Recommended,239250,9467458,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,RobsAlGhul574,"8/10 - I enjoyed it very much. Though the story is a bit weaker than the first installment, I don't think this game deserves the negative feedback it has gotten since release. Good characters, good gameplay, and the soundtrack/score is INCREDIBLE!"
76561198009480051,Recommended,239250,13053039,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hawkeye0078,"Good game once i finaly got it to work, story is odd but game play is good and graphics are great. If you have issues with the res try going into the file folder and disableing the scaleing DPI in properties for the App."
,Recommended,239250,20861096,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Deadly (LF Star Citizen players),"Another one of those games that failed to realize it's full potential and was hammered by critics for no good reason, I was never a fan of Castlevania so I'm unbiased in this way.Pros- Very good combat- Upgradable skills- Story- Great characters (love Gabriel as Dracula and Zobek)- Sound design- Level design- Great art style and graphics- Good amount of content- Good performanceCons- Ending is not very good and leaves it feeling incomplete- Environment interaction feels too artificial- Stealth/Mice sections"
76561198053243606,Recommended,239250,20832536,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,UberSloth,"Simply brilliant!! Best game in the series. Go on get it, NOW!"
76561198058563023,Recommended,239250,15543272,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Crushna_Crai,"I can barely say anything bad about this game.  I've been around since the originals were new and I am in love with the first one.  The Animations, affects, VA's, it is all top notch.  The only bad thing is it just not as good as the first.  The first is a true masterpiece while this is just a great game.  The combat is fun and it brings back all the old combos from the first one and adds the ice sword."
76561197971021986,Recommended,239250,15587191,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,uni1313,"If you liked Lords of shadow you will like this game. I don't understand why it didn't get good reviews. This game has everything that made the first game so good. Beautiful graphics, great game play, a dark story, good characters, epic boss fights, nice music and sound effect. The occasionally frustrating puzzles are also present. A lot of secrets to find. Don't believe the negative reviews and get this game! Highly recommended!!"
76561198030407476,Recommended,239250,15710621,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ΜΟΛΩΝ ΛΑΒΕ,Very cinematic. Definately not for everyone but great if you like the genre.
76561198121059184,Recommended,239250,16819422,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Vanatosis,"Ok, I have been a Castlevania fan from a long time back.  A few later titles in the series sterred me away from it, though.  I saw this one on special so decided to give it a try.  I am most certainly glad I did.  An encompassing storyline and tons of action make this a very engaging title.Recommendations:get a controller, playing with the keyboard just doesn't feel right.PROS:Gorgeous EnvironmentsEngaging StoryPhenomenal Voice Acting (just check out the cast...)Smooth transitioning between loading screensCONS:Camera angles can get wonky at timesFruststrating puzzles at timesA bit of repetition in the environments."
76561198037113995,Not Recommended,239250,16838185,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Perspective,"Yet another half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port for the PC.  When I purchase a game through Steam, it is unnacceptable to see XBOX controller buttons appearing on screen.  Shame"
76561198062751091,Recommended,239250,10329880,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,iFapAlot ♥,"So far so good. I'm still on 5% of completion and the game is very nice, very detailed on high spec pc with all gpu-settings on max quality rather using perfermance-mode... anyway, the only thing I don't like on this new LoS2 is the (indoor mode/ Zoom mode/ walking mode) where you see Dracual's back half of your screen, I get dizzy of it, I want to see the scenery . I really hate that infamous style in Resident Evil 4/5, Gears of War 1/2, Batman: Arkham Origins, and here in LoS2 where your character is blocking half of your screen! I can't see my path very well! I just wish on next Castlevania game they would not make this kind of style again.."
76561198030228607,Recommended,239250,10371700,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,aym2004,Amazing Game :)
,Recommended,239250,16255999,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,"I remember seeing bad reviews for this , but actually a great as the 1st.The bad stuff were about the same thing as the 1st , so I don't understand about the negative review when you know it's the same thing."
,Recommended,239250,16157921,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ShenlongX,This is what I miss! Awesome gameplay with a great story line.
76561198100328559,Not Recommended,239250,15533196,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Cas,"As much as I tried, I couldn't like it.I really enjoyed the medival world of the first part, but I the present day setting... meeeh.Also, the level creation looks a bit dull to me at some points  of the game."
76561197970789298,Recommended,239250,14889217,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Chronokatan,"I really enjoyed this game. I loved the first game and while this game does not come close it is still a very good game. If you enjoy the first or other games like Bayonetta, God of War, DMC and similiar you will enjoy this one.Played it on the hardest mode possible so it was a nice challenge. Graphics are nice and fitting the mood even so not high end.Overall really enjoyed it and can only recommend it."
76561198111053538,Recommended,239250,9658446,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,xbigvmanx,"I loved the first Castlevania LoS. I was really excited the moment they shown the first trailer for the sequal over two years ago that I was highly anticipating this next installment.  When the reviews started coming out for the sequal I was upset what they were saying when I had high hopes for this game.  The negative comments seem to over embelish the quality of the game that it would get a D minus rating over issues such as the stealth portion, a shallow ending, and boring environments.  After playing this game I thought whoever was playing this game seem to be as bad as the critics, reviewing movies in that they are blind to what is an actual great movie when the majority movie going public seems to love the movie.  This game my fellow gamers is a great quality game.  Gone the fixed camera angels, you now have a free camera you can manipulate around the character to get a better view of Dracula and his environment.  The environment is breathtaking, The amount of work and detail that went into Dracula's castle and Castlevania City makes you take a moment to study the detail and architecture. The environment also reminds me they were trying a Castlevania SOTN where the city and castle are connected to each other. The gameplay is very smooth especially the combat portion. Gone are the Combat Cross, light and shadow magic systems in place are the Shadow Whip, Void Sword, and Chaos Claws.  My favorite weapon is Chaos Claws simply because it reminds me of using Hercules Gauntlets in God of War.  But interchanging between weapons is a fluid motion you can make awesome combos.  If I had to make any complaints about this game is the story.  It didn't feel fulfilling (ie character development)  especially the end.    I was disappointed with the last boss Satan. It would have been nice to fight him head on vice using (SPOILER ALERT) someone close to Dracula. Also I wish the ending had an epilogue like the first one. It sort of left a question mark on Dracula's fate.  Like I said the grips that people had of this game is minor.  The stealth system was interesting idea but in some place poorly executed. Like when Dracula is already powerful why does he need to avoid Satan's Elite Armored brutes? Some of the stealth puzzles can prove irritating for some people have to start over and over again namely sneaking past Pan's brother.  But after observing other players in how they pass him it became quite easy and a little scarey lol.  This is great game which I highly recommend if your fan of this genre or God Of War type games.  Additionally I am re-playing this game again. This is one of those games I hope they make a movie out of this game use this plot for the story."
,Recommended,239250,14514936,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bax,"I really enjoyed this game. I played 1st one as well so I was interested in how the story ends especially because of amazing outro. The story of previous game was amazing with a lot of plot twists. However, in case of this game, it was shorter and narrower. Anyway, I still enjoyed it and I really loved the ending. If I would play it as a standalone game I would be still satisfied, but I also understand those who are disappointed especially when they are comparing it to the first game.When it comes to gameplay - play this game with controller!!! (I played with X-box controller and I can only recommend it). There was like only one mini game when I switched to mouse for a faster and smoother aiming. Otherwise this game is really difficult to play with keyboard, especially because hints are given in X-box controller binding (for example ""Press [insert green circle with A letter] to continue"").Combat system was amazing compared to the previous game. Camera was also improved. Those two things let you really enjoy all the fights, especially those with bosses. On the other hand, difficulty was decreased (at least this is my impression) compared to the previous game. And not only during fights. I also found climbing passages much easier. Yes, they were smoother, more intuitive and much less painful than in previous game, but on the other hand, I felt like I am just moving stick in one of the 4 directions and Gabriel is auto-piloting himself through those catch points on the wall. If those passages are replaced with cinematics of Gabriel climbing some wall, I would not see any difference and that is a bit disappointing for me.When it comes to stealth passages, I see a lot of people did not like them. Honestly, I expected those passages will be very often and very boring after reading some reviews, but I found them quite interesting and there were actually only few in the game.Another thing I would like to mention are puzzles. I really liked puzzles in the first game and this was probably the biggest disappointment for me, because there were only few puzzles and difficulty of all of them was like difficulty of puzzles in pre-school kid magazines.And last thing I would like to talk about are graphics. They are really amazing. Especially castle is truly master piece. However, it is looking quite the same all the time. During playing the first game, player is going through various environments. Each one looks different. Each one got different colour scheme. Each one got unique textures. Environments in first game are truly amazing and I still remember a lot of amazing sceneries from there. But with this game everything is dark and quite the same. Only colourful place I can remember was one garden passage within the castle (I will not say more details to not spoil it). Details are still really amazing, but everything is so dark and similar, that you will stop sense them.I guess this is mainly because the game is open-world like and not level system like in previous game so environment have to be ""one solid connected piece"". In the first game all what was needed was simple introduction ""and in this level Gabriel went to some other place far away from previous one"" and environment could change drastically. In this game it has to fit all together, because there is no space for long distance travelling.Well, to sum it up - I was satisfied with this game. If I would not play the first one I would probably enjoy it much more. The truth is, that the first game set really high standards and they were overcome only in a very few cases. For the most of them, they were below those from the first game. Still, I would give this game something about 70-80%."
76561198002101151,Not Recommended,239250,14355730,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,asoc5,"This game is unfinished for the PC and it is an absolute disgrace that they sell this, if I had known how bad it was I would not have purchased this game. The onscreen prompts tell you to push buttons that are on a controller, not on your keyboard. The reaction time you need for certain fights means you do not have time to decipher which button they actually want you to push and you end up doing the same fights over and over and over. Further there are other parts of the game where you just get lost, I've had to read walkthroughs just to figure out which direction I should be going. Needless to say this game is not fun to play and if you are thinking of buying it I would strongly encourage you to reconsider. This is the second game I've bought through Steam which does not work properly and as you know Steam has no return policy, do yourself a favor and keep your money."
,Recommended,239250,14120210,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,AlphaMao,the best aspect of the game in my opinion is being dracula himself. you never get tired of running around feeling like a badass. the game does have some negative aspects which completly changes gameplay to the point of it being another game entirely ( i.e sneaking around guards you can never ever kill...). the combat beats gods of war in my opinion.
76561198047465813,Recommended,239250,14124717,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Frankie4Fngrz,"Great looking game, a fun hack and slash with an amazing story and superb voice acting"
76561198071828511,Not Recommended,239250,14116817,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,jbwiley07,If you love story then it has it but thats about it. The play control is probably the worst i've seen.
76561198017567874,Recommended,239250,14381190,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Decoyed,"I think I enjoyed the content of the first one more but this game looks amazing with HD textures.  The enviornments are sort of connected which results in a smoother exploration experience as opposed to the first game.  Voice acting and combat is still good.  Story is slightly above average.  Interesting lore behind each creature and location which was cool.There was a lack of puzzles compared to the first one though.  If you're into Metroidvania games you won't be dissapointed as there are plenty of goodies to find.   If you aren't, you don't really have to do it to complete the game though you may miss out on a little bit of lore.Overall it was a good conclusion to the series."
,Recommended,239250,14381264,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,JMcSquiggle,"I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed this game.  Maybe it was the fact I was expecting this game to be so much worse after playing the first Lords of Shadow, I found myself pleasently surprised at how much I enjoyed this one.  The game felt like it was trying to get back to the Castlevania: Symphony of the Night roots and is probably the most enjoyable 3D Castlevania I have played yet.  Unfortunately, while this game made many more strides in the correct direction over its predecessor, the game unfortuantely lacks ambition.  There were many great ideas brought into play with this game, but nothing was fleashed out to its fullest.  Instead it felt more like a carbon copy of several games stapled together to make one massive medicore game.  While, this probably sound rather unfavorable, I at least didn't keep think comparing this game to God of War the entire time I was playing it.  Fortunately, while nothing new is really brought to the table, the voice acting, graphics, level design, combat system, and music more that make up for the slack, creating a much more enjoyable experience.  I can easily recommend this game, but probably wait for it to go on sale first."
,Recommended,239250,14387514,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RecQuery,It's a good game. It just seems easier and less epic than the first one which is saying something as you're playing a badass vampire with godlike powers. Also there's a fair bit of Consolefication. I preferred the puzzle elements in the first game.
76561197970474192,Recommended,239250,13218998,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,jmpreston,"I'll give C:LoS2 a limited ""thumbs-up,"" but based almost entirely only the outstanding visuals, audio, and effects. To be brief, the models, animations, textures, lighting effects are simply superb. I would often walk into new environments and just pan the camera around to take it all in. The craftsmanship of the content is what propelled me towards the end.However, my big concern with this game is that I was hoping for a different mix of ingredients. In most action/adventures games (God of War, Batman: Arkham series) there is a nice mixture of combat, exploration, puzzle solving, and traversal (climbing, swimming, grappling, etc.) What I wanted from Lord of Shadow 2 was 50% combat and 50% everything else. What I got was basically 15% combat with a TON of emphasis on uninspried puzzles, boring traversal, and some rather obvious exploraiton. There were many, many times in the game when I would walk down a hallway and wish I would be jumped by a bad guy just so I could use my weapons.In the end, I still played and enjoyed it. But I wished for a lot more combat and a lot less of everything else."
,Recommended,239250,13165397,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,killrade,"Unless you play this game on a xbox controller you will almost never get past the void boss (2nd boss in the game). The boss fight forces you to use a quick button press of X,Y,B or A (on a PC that is right mouse, left mouse, F key space bar) at random and if your using a keybord then your screw. This fight will not take the keybord commands most of the time and even on the easiest setting the button for the controller flash for .67 sec for you to input the command making this game almost unplayable once you start the 2nd boss fight that you will never beat.I wish game developers would actually try to make a PC game like this for the PC with the actual PC controls. Too bad great game doesnt work on PC do to lazy developers.Added note for keybord users: If you randomlly press all 4 of these buttons on a quick press it can and will most of the time go through even if you didnt press the correct button at the right time. This is a fast way of getting by the lack of design of the quick press. and changing from a bad to a ok to buy thumbs up now."
76561198047555637,Recommended,239250,12213562,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,oOoNAWAFoOo,"in simple way:1- u should play the last game (castlevania:lord of shadow) if u do u will feel sorry for Gabriel and u will have connections with him ,the story is good just good2- the most amazing thing about the is (COMBAT) it's fast and remind me of (Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance) but the problem most of the time u'll be jumping from one platform to another3- the stealth is really not good and it's the same every time4- castlevania fans will be disappointed because u'll not feel that this game is castlevania game in most of the game-- i give it 7,5/10"
,Recommended,239250,12417286,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Falkus,"An amazing sequel. Graphics are top notch (HD-Texture pack is free and a recommended install), gameplay is engaging and fun, controls are crisp and free from lag or any kind of delay. Combat is varied and there's a truckload of skills to unlock and use.Exploration feels less of a hassle as it did in the first game and you usually pick the various bits and bobs up as you progress through the story. There's a huge number of unlockables and power ups to find, it'll keep you busy for quite a while.The music is fantastic. Really immersive.Overall a lot of quality of life improvements have been made.The only thing that really annoyed me was that the further you progress in the game, the more the enemies seem to favour using unblockable Power Attacks and wear heavy armour requiring you to expend Chaos Magic to break their defenses.Some enemies hit a lot harder and quicker than I think they should. It can quickly ruin your day if you're not careful.All in all, this is a really solid game.A well deserved 9/10."
,Recommended,239250,10766632,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PowerfulNoob,Awesome game with an interresting storyline. A must have for people who like fantasy games.
,Recommended,239250,13170058,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ðoritos ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This game is amazing!
76561198098087987,Recommended,239250,13150299,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,weebit501,I got this simply because Patrick Stewart is the voice of Zobek.Little did I know that this game is actually quite epic.
76561198098678641,Not Recommended,239250,12269006,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Rbeals902,"EXTREMLY RPEPETATIVE aswell as extremly button mash heavy to an anoyying end, resulting in an uninstall, gameplay dosent flow well at all, enemys showing the same paterns over and over again, nothing special about this game except for the score aswell as the graphics are JUST being above average, wish i had skipped this one."
76561197970549991,Recommended,239250,12214536,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,RedFox,"Hm... I loved Lords of Shadow 1 so I had high hopes for this, but the meh reviews it got when it came out had me wait until I could pick it up on sale. Overall, the middling reviews were merited. Unlike the first one that let you opt out of puzzles if you didn't like them, the puzzles in this one are mandatory and annoying, a terrible combination indeed. The boss fights felt lackluster compared to the first one with none of them really reaching the intensity of the Titan battles or the Werewolf leader.The soundtrack is great and the game is a must play if you absolutely have to know how the LoS mythos comes to an end (Very anticlimatically, especially compared to the amazing setup from the first one), but it definitely felt like a chore a lot of the time."
76561198013398835,Not Recommended,239250,12215625,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Shootypooty,Massive disappointment. If you loved LoS 1 just play it again.
,Recommended,239250,19005396,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,KARAKORUMLU KAYDU,"good graphs, good gameplay, good story. but its only good. play it if you dont have anything to play"
,Recommended,239250,18982524,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,_Zayn_,"Interesting game, if you like the genre you definitely won't be disappointed runs great too 120 + frames and great story."
,Recommended,239250,13210613,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,xHardc0re,Running flawlessly till now. Recommended.
,Not Recommended,239250,13250135,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Drakkar,"I... lack the words to describe this game, mainly because I don't even understand what it's trying to be.If you wish to enjoy this game... de-attach yourself from the first Lords of Shadow entirely. Picture this as a fan-made sequel. Mirror of Fate is not even worth describing, mind you, as it's essentially the same confusing thing as this one, but forced to play as a side-scroller, limited to 2 directions.I'd really like to be able to speak to the lead developers for this one. Lords of Shadow 2 abandons the soul of Lords of Shadow, just like Mirror of Fate did, and ends up becoming a clusterfudge of bent, choppy lore, combined with teasingly sexy graphics, expanded (though... intriguingly empty and uninteresting) mechanics, and bucketloads of loopholes, empty holes and nonsensical progression (gameplay-wise) and evolution (lore-wise). Since the moment you start to walk the streets as a worn-out Dracula, you realize this game had potential for greatness, but it fell short. A few minutes later, you notice the progression of events lacks sense, and it feels (and probably is) it's due to content being taken out. The game shows you, at all times, that the devs couldn't make up their minds on what they wanted to do with the darn sequels - and Mirror of Fate shows it even better than this one.All I can say to describe what I feel is that this game is a sequel to Mirror of Fate and Mirror of Fate only. Lords of Shadow 2 and Mirror of Fate are two games that I find unworthy of being called ""sequels"" to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow. They are a disgrace and, sadly, a huge disappointment. So much potential gone to waste."
,Recommended,239250,13246286,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ⓑⓛⓐⓣⓐⓝⓣ Ⓗⓞⓜⓞⓢⓔⓧⓤⓐⓛ,"If you're considering this, you already know it's hack and slash: and it delivers on that.You hack. You slash. You're obviously very, very insane, but that's okay; being a rather old recently re-awakened vampire lord apparently does that. People complain that it doesn't live up to it's predecessor, but not having played the predecessor I can say this game is fine.The stealth sections are very annoying, as most would say. Quite disposable, and shouldn't have been part of the game. More focus on puzzles would have been appreciated, instead.Another big complaint is the city over the castle... the apocalyptic castle/moderncity is rather unique, and imho, still beautiful. At some parts it feels a little like the modern parts of the city desecrate the castle, but I think that's intentional, too.COMPLAINTS:You cannot play this without a controller. None of the keys are coreographed properly for quicktime, skill use or anything else (X, Y, A, B on EVERYTHING) You can re-map the keys and go through it (mostly) fine... with one, notable and game-shattering problem: navigating the skills menu. Unless it gives you a pop-up, you just can't, and that's a deal-breaker for PC support."
,Recommended,239250,13241889,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NERCM,"Excellent game.The good: The story, DLC, graphics, combat, enemies and unique bosses.The bad: ""Stealth areas"" weren't that bad...just a bit annoying at times.Meta critic had it all wrong...should have gotten this game sooner.  would have given this game at least an 85."
76561198128822447,Recommended,239250,10780282,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,UNBELIEVABLY GAY,"This game is almost the perfect balance of right and wrong game design.The Good: The hack and slash gameplay is incredibly fun. The leveling system for your weapons actually requires you to try out different combos in order to max out and get points to make the weapon stronger, which encourages trying new attack patterns and not using the same, one effective combo over and over again (*cough* God of War *cough*). The character models are very detailed and the voice acting is pretty spot on. Not to mention the level design is absolutely gorgeous when you're in the castle. The bosses have memorable designs and battles. And I loved the open world to explore that wasn't of the MetroidVania design.The Bad: Despite the game throwing hordes of different looking enemies at you, they oddly enough don't feel too varied. The game constantly shifts back and forth betwen the modern city evironment and Dracula's castle, but it feels kinda hectic and you almost never do anything in the city; Kinda like they just didn't have much planned out for it. The story is actually pretty awful and does an almost complete nose dive in the last hour or so and ends with one of the weakest plot resolutions I think I've seen in a long time, even though everything up to that point in the writing feels pretty sturdy; Almost as if the writer just stopped caring when the game was almost finished. And the stealth sections are absolutely terrible. They're the kind where you only have ONE way to go about getting through each section and it never changes EVER. The game designed one specific enemy for you to encounter during this sections which kill you easily. This is explained by Zobek saying you're too weak to fight them. If you're familiar with old vampire lore, you know they can take different animal shapes, typically being of the night time variety (wolves, bats, etc.) but the game only lets you change into one animal, being rats. But both these points really fall through at the end when you're pretty much a full strength Dracula and you're still having to sneak past these things disguised as rats.I don't really know if I'd recomend this or not. I mean, I did enjoy the game for the most part. But if you're wanting to play this because you enjoyed the last one as I did and really wanted to see how things would end for Gabriel, all I can say is, without giving any spoilers, I couldn't have felt like I got a bigger slap in the face. But if you don't care about the story and want to play a beautiful game with some of the best hack and slash I've seen in a while, I say try.EDIT: I decided to give this game a recommendation because despite its flaws it was one of the better games of 2014. I suppose that's some merit"
,Recommended,239250,14786424,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,HyperNewbie,"Nice engine, creative character design. good voicing. Action and gameplay is better than first. the stealth bits are lackster. Also a suitable character side switch from the first; we dont get enough character side switches in games where the character still tries to stay ""good""."
76561197979561919,Recommended,239250,14737088,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Darksteid,"Finally got to slap Picard—oops... I meant Zobek, around. Would recommend it."
76561198158474997,Recommended,239250,14043399,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,godlikegaming1996,One of the best games on EARTH!!!
76561198043728810,Recommended,239250,10815082,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Harrison,"Great sequel to the Lords of Shadow 1, contained everything you'd expect from a Castlevania game including exploring some amazing looking areas, collecting powerups and fighting big♥♥♥♥♥monsters, however the forced stealth sections seemed tacked on and just plain terrible and completely destroyed the fast paced action of the game.Great game overall 7 /10"
76561198041756601,Recommended,239250,22119896,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JiiPee,"Shortly: (trying no to tell any spoilers and and I didn't play the DLC: Revelations)Basically, the game is a sequel for the original Castlevania: Lords of Shadow and the Castlevania: Mirror of Fate games, and it continues the story of Dracula (Gabriel Belmont) thousand years after the events of those 2 games.The game is staged on a modern era, where Satan is once again trying to destroy the world of men with the help of his Acolytes.Unlike in the original LoS game, this time the game is a openworld game, however you can only travel to new areas AFTER you've aquired a certain powerup to access them. And like in all openworld games, this one also has fast-travel system, but its pretty primitive.There are 2 different worlds that you can travel, the modern era where the Satan's forcers brings havoc and the Dracula's Castle where the Dracula's own blood is trying to trap you.Graphics are decent, sounds and voice actings are doreable. The battle system is slightly better than it was in the original LoS, but at the same time it feels a little bit watered down from what it was.The overall story is a cliche, because you can easily predict that what's about to happen. However, it is interesting enough to see it through. The ending itself however was a disappointment for me, because there's no conclusion, but that's just my opinion.Pros:+ Battle and upgrade systems+ Boss encounters (though the last boss was disappointment)+ Lots of different enemies+ Lots of collectables for those interested+ Over 20 hours of gameplay if you collect every collectable like I didCons:- Disappointing last boss- Awful Fast-travel system (though you only need it when you're searching for collectables)- Lots of annoying enemies at the end- Bad ending (there's no conclusion in my opinion but then again I didn't play the revelations DLC)- The Shop's location is bad, because getting some of the collectables requires a certain item that can only be bought from the shop, so you need to visit it a lot- Kleido's Challenges offer no reward except a few Steam achievements- Few un-skippable cutscenes and events such as the slow paced transition between the modern era - Dracula's CastleDo I recommend ?:If you're interested to see what happens to the Dracula after the events of Lords of Shadow and Mirror of Fate, then this might interest you. But if you haven't played those 2 games before, don't care about the story and are only interested for the action, then don't bother.Verdict: 6 / 10 - Slightly good game( 1 = Do-not-bother game5 = Average game10 = Must own game )"
76561198278433919,Recommended,239250,21979143,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,kbhblueyes58,This game is so cool.
,Recommended,239250,12216551,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SilentWanderer,"Dont believe the metacritic review score, decide for yourself. This is a beautifully crafted game with a fun and intuitive combat system. The controls are far tighter than LoS 1 so you have more room for precise dodging. The story jumps a bit and is certainly lacking in some areas but there are no more plot holes in this than in LoS 1. If you listen to the story you may even start feeling emotional in parts.As the game progresses and recover more abilities it makes you start to feel alot more powerful though not too powerful as to make the game feel too easy.However it is not all good in this game obviously. Enemy AI can be horribly broken sometimes and its not always obvious how to eascape a situation when hit by an unblockable attack. Button mashing is prevelant and not always in a good way though the quicktime events are suitably entertaining. The game has a way of ALWAYS giving some enemies an unfair advantage, some of which you can't counter until later in the game. But going back to these areas after playing more of that game allows you to access previously inaccessible areas.Graphically the game is amazing with the castle sections being much, MUCH better than the city. It does make you wish the impending apocalypse would hold of for a bit though so you could truely strike terror into the people of the modern day as DRACULA PRINCE OF DARKNESS! *ahem*overall 8/10 I would say definately worth it if you liked the first LoS, are interested in Gabriel's story and prefer faster paced action, while still having to think on your feet."
76561198094114737,Recommended,239250,27762211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cum Tucker,Best game I've played this year. was really challenging. Thats what I like.
,Recommended,239250,27079935,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pain$eeker,awesome!
76561198047186196,Recommended,239250,30934248,Posted: 3 April,all,JRDOOM,Amazing game and story! looks fantastic! only complaint is the sneaking parts are a little lame but the rest of the gameplay more than makes up for it 7/10
76561197993909575,Recommended,239250,27237697,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dando,"It becomes good enough when you get used to its numerous flaws (compared to ""Castlevania: Lords of Shadow"")."
76561198089020374,Recommended,239250,26987292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,K N 1 V E S,reminiscing the old castlevania. love alucard as ever
76561197987996116,Not Recommended,239250,26969540,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ljbelin,"Someone just needs to give Gabriel a hug.This game is one of the most prominent in recent memory to completely break my heart. So much potential in setting, story telling and gameplay squandered. The finale of Lords of Shadow suggested the coming of a great tragic villain. All of the trailers leading up to LoS2 reinforced the drama, the pain, the rage of a man turned into a monster by love.  It was all there for Mercury Steam to knock out of the park.Instead the swung and missed.The sad part is, there is actually some incredible gameplay here. The combat is markedly improved over its predecessor. The addition of vampiric speed and strength to Dracula's style really empowers you. Sure you have probably read about the stealth sections that drag the game's momentum to a squealing halt, and this is true, although perhaps not as miserable as others have suggested. The free exploration of Dracula's castle really improves upon the linear formula of the previous game. So yes, there is much to like here.But oh god what did they do with the the boss fights (a highlight of LoS) and, more unforgiveably, the story. I wont spoil anything here but suffice it to say that the finale not only drops the ball on the conclusion to Gabriel's arc, but does it in spectacularly cringe worth fashion. The less said about the final stage and the ending the better.This game seriously broke my cold black heart."
76561198101505954,Recommended,239250,16415207,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FUCKER,English:Pros:- Extremely long and detailed story- Challenging opponents- Pairing Dracula bloody graphicsCons:- Partially complex attack combinationsConclusion:Assassin's Creed + Prototype = brutal varied fantasy adventure around the story of DraculaDeutsch:Pros:- extrem lange und dataillierte Story- anspruchsvolle Gegner- passend zu Dracula blutige GrafikCons:- teilweise zu komplexe AngriffskombinationenFazit: Assassin's Creed + Prototype = brutales abwechslungsreiches Fantasy-Abenteuer rund um die Geschichte von Dracula
76561198081649135,Recommended,239250,26402633,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Toxic Mally,"Really good sequel, if you enjoyed the first game then this is well worth picking up."
76561198137668365,Recommended,239250,25853154,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gui,"Really nice the game, i found almost every collectable items and the relics. The story is really nice, just lose for a little bit in fact about the first Castlevania LoS. This doesn't mean that the game is not good, it's perfect for those are looking for a nice history and gameplay"
,Not Recommended,239250,24181521,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jão,Game is great but plot is ruined at the end of the game
76561198046103851,Recommended,239250,26302995,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,vimal_linux,Very good game! Excellent hack & slash with a well narrated story! :)
,Recommended,239250,24003859,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cerieously,"I have alot of mixed feelings with Lords of Shadow 2. Picking up where the jump cut left off in Castlevania: Lords of Shadow; We are introduced once more to Gabriel Belmont now more commonly known as Dracul (Dracula). The game starts off very strong as we meet Gabriel at the height of his powers, but due to reasons unknown till later we go to the present where Gabriel is now weak and seeking one thing. He makes a deal with Death itself that if he can circumvent the events that are occuring; He will be given the one thing he truly desires after all these years.As the game goes on Gabriel regains much of his lost powers by going to an alternate dimension where his Castle; Castlevania lies in wait. I prefer these trips to modern present day locales that we visit. Though both serve a purpose and with Gabriel constantly plagued by his former self and beliefs and his vampric ones; Gabriel struggles to maintain his hold on even his own power; We see just how truly he suffered and became Dracul along the way.Combat was exceptional and rewarding for using every move in your repertoire as it levels yoru strength of which ever weapon. It's satisfying as it rewards you for choosing to fight in your favorite ways.While some of the bosses come off as easy; I enjoyed the game through and through till the very last moment/ boss fight. I can only compare it letting the air out of balloon slowly. Especially with it's ending scene. More of a slap in the face with a cliche movie type ending leaving you unsatisfied/ wanting more of a conclusion to this Belmont's taleHowever with most stories it's about the journey and not the ending and for that I reccomend taking one final romp with Gabriel, but don't a solid satisfying conclusion to this Belmont's tale."
,Recommended,239250,23866735,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Firestampede,I spent nearly 15 hours on this... Yesterday.... Just yesterday... Please send help
76561198018843665,Recommended,239250,23882637,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DEEDEESBEAK,"This game's main flaw is its story.  The ridiculous aspect of Dracula in crazy sci-fi context isn't even utilized in a way that comes off as genuine balls-to-the-wall action game like DMC or Bayonnetta.  Certain levels force stupid stealth mechanics that don't make any sense if you’re supposed to be DRACULA.  Regardless of that however the graphics are still nice and flashy and the half of the game that takes place in the castle still feels like Castlevania to an extent.  The other half is all right when you're in the streets or in a boss battle and at least the enemy design and set pieces are badass looking.  I loved the first game especially for its time through and through, but this one takes some serious fan boyism to enjoy.  7/10 wouldn't melt my brain with convoluted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t again."
,Recommended,239250,23887453,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The_Simmons - AKA ^_^ 79,"I love this game. I have played all Lords of Shadow games and ai know the story for them. You should play this game couse it is so incredible.-I am a fury, your hate, and ýour vengange. I am your DESTINY!-"
,Not Recommended,239250,19693378,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,VileFinPuddleJumper,"I don't recommend getting this for pc unless you have a controller to connect and use. It doesn't tell you the pc controls, only the xbox controls and some of the pc controls don't work."
76561198145200843,Not Recommended,239250,19781576,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Loriswen,"The battles' animations are quite nice, but the story isn't interesting at all. There's nothing much to do in the game except fighting either. Overall, this game is quite boring."
,Recommended,239250,18826428,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Derm,Pretty entertaining third person action adventure game. Looks great and plays great.
76561198055894133,Recommended,239250,19865502,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rodiak,"After i played Darksiders I was looking for a similar game and someone suggested Castlevania.There are major differences concerning the gameplay and the depth of the riddles and the ""stealth-mode"" but after a few hours i realized that the differences didnt bother me and instead i was sucked into the storyline.I had a lot of fun and absolutely recommend the game."
,Recommended,239250,19863473,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Uber National,"If you liked the first one, it's worth a gander, especially if you can find it on sale.If you haven't played the first one, definitely pick that up first. Age-old advice, I know, but only one or two years passed between releases and the graphics haven't changed that much, so it won't feel too ancient."
76561198065806040,Recommended,239250,19869682,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ednooooo,"Wow, picked this up on a whim and suddenly I had been playing 6 for six hours straight."
76561197991281328,Recommended,239250,20270023,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LastCopTe,"Way better than the first game.Pros:-Combat feels thight, enemy design is not completly ridicilous. Its actually possible to dodge or block every attack thrown at you.-Story is still amazing. Rich on extra lore in scrolls, and stories.Cons:-Little too much stealth for my liking. Not because I don't appriciate stealth, it's just not done that well in this game.-The game is shorter than expected."
,Recommended,239250,24069560,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Key of Serenity,"Lords of Shadow 2 is ostensibly the last game in the Lords of Shadow trilogy created by MercurySteam, and possibly the final game in the Castlevania series, due to Konami moving on to more ""profitable"" ventures. On paper, this game has all the ingredients needed to send the series out with a bang; amazing graphics, expanded combat and upgrade system, larger and more explorable world, great score, and stellar voice cast. However, when taken together, it doesn't quite reach the heights of the first Lords of Shadow game. One of the biggest problems is the story, which is all over the place as the player jumps between the past and present, represented by the enormous castle where Dracula resides, and the modern-day, gothic city. While MercurySteam's attention to detail and graphical prowess shine in both sections of the game, the city just wasn't as compelling as the castle, and every time I had to go back to the city to complete an objective, I sighed. This point extends to the gameplay in the city as well, which boasts uninspired and frustrating enemies, and stealth sections. In truth, the enemies in the city weren't actually that bad; I just felt that the castle's enemies were much better designed, and fit the ""Castlevania"" theme. Despite these issues, the core gameplay and combat is solid, and for the most part, better than the first game. The player is also free to roam around both areas looking for upgrades and collectibles; gone is the chapter-by-chapter format. Even with the story jumping around, it is fairly interesting, and the cast does a good job of keeping the player involved. However, the biggest problem emerged during the last third of the game, where it seemed like interesting characters and plot developments were either dropped or rushed to conclusion, culminating in a disappointing final sequence and boss that paled in comparison to the epic scale and confrontations of the first game. Stretching out some story moments or expanding on all the concepts that the narrative introduced would have made the story feel much more put together and complete. And ultimately, it is this feeling of ""what could have been"" that drags this game down to being simply good, and not great. There are some cool moments, and I did enjoy the experience enough to recommend this game, but it could have been so much more. And that's just a shame."
76561198116396232,Recommended,239250,24242571,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lt. Low Self Esteem,"This game is really good. Only a few problems really stand out.Pros: DraculaGood combat systemEngaging plotNo/almost no plot holesDecent lengthCons:Stealth is a coin toss, a few stealth sections are fun, the rest are painful.Inconsistant boss difficulty.Quick time events give you game cube controls instead of actual keys.For reference B=F, Y=Right click, X=Left click, A=Space bar, D-pad=ControlOther than those three cons, the game is great."
76561198005393514,Recommended,239250,24281022,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,achal,"Following the history of the Belmont family once again...in the modern days this time.This is an good game for everyone who likes hack&slay, platforming, riddles and a decent story.Although not as good as the first part (which was awesome!) it holds the same qualities as itspredecessor.The graphics are decent and the fighting system very easy to learn, yet not easy to master (as it should be).If you are a fan of the series, BUY!If you are new to the series I recommend buying ""Castlevania: Lords of Shadow"" first."
76561198030083207,Recommended,239250,22755224,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,drkwood,"Bottom line: Solid game that is worth the money (on sale). I think I picked it & all DLC up on a seasonal sale for $20.Except for the Kleidos challenges, it was pretty easy even on the highest difficulty. Aside from that, it was an incredibly good game. The visuals were detailed and gameplay was smooth. The fighting system was basically the same, so if you liked LoS1 chances are you will also like LoS2.The story did have a different feel from the first game, but admittedly my memory of LoS1 is a little fuzzy. It was less like a revenge/avenger story, and instead more like a murder mystery in which you are the victim."
76561198039524367,Recommended,239250,22732787,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jadiel22,gameplay doesnt disapoints and the story niether
76561198144560138,Recommended,239250,21042551,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bĕli-yaal,"Castlevania, the entire series is great. Big fan since Devil May Cry"
76561198085105047,Recommended,239250,14027812,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,( LucasNTC ),Jogo CLÁSSICOOO   MUITOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOM !
,Recommended,239250,14171124,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"I had a much better time with this than I expected. The early reviews for the game made it sound like it was terrible, but it really wasn't that bad. However, that's not to say it isn't without its flaws.The highlight of the game is probably its combat. You get three different weapons this time around instead of just magical powerups for the whip like in the original LOS: A light magic sword, dark magic gauntlets, and the whip returns as the default weapon. Each has their own style and role in combat; the sword can heal you when you do damage, the gauntlets do more damage than the other two overall and can also break enemy blocking, and the whip has good crowd control skills and has more range overall. Each weapon also has a fleshed out skill/move set tree that you can unlock with experience points. Gabriel controls more or less the same as he did in LOS with a couple tweaks, like a free moving camera.For the overall main plot the game is shorter than the original Lords of Shadow, but it has much more in the way of secret items and challenge modes. The game is also much less linear than the original, with a semi-open world map that you can freely roam when not in a specific mission. The voice work is high quality, with much of the cast of the original returning (Patrick Stewart FTW) along with some new cast members who give a great performance as well. The game itself also looks great with very detailed and unique locals, characters, and monsters.The biggest let down of the game is probably the forced stealth sections. They slow down what is normally a relatively fast paced game to a crawl, and don't work out well with how the game controls. They also don't really make sense in the context of the game, you are supposed to be this powerful being and yet these power armored lackeys can utterly destroy you if they see you. Thankfully there aren't many of these sections, and the rest of the game definitely makes up for it.Overall I'd say the game is pretty good and is definitely worthwhile if you've played the other Lords of Shadow games."
,Recommended,239250,14556434,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,CitiZen,Finished the game in 14 Hours and I can honestly say all 14 hours was excellent and great fun! Visuals are excellent! There are some graphic scenes but that is to be expected! If you are a God of War combat style fan you will really love this game. You won't really find yourself button mashing to many times. Great story line!Once you finish the game there are many other things for you to do like NG+ or continue the game you finished searching for all collectables and finish all challenges. There is also a Story DLC you can purchase for a decent price.8.5/10
,Recommended,239250,14434268,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,ElementOfDanger,"I was braced for disappointment when I started Castlevania LoS 2 and although I agree with most of its reviewed shortcomings—from the nonsensical vulnerability of Gabriel as Dracula, to the rather demeaning ability to turn into rat and sneak your way past enemies, to the going back and forth between castle and modern day world—I found the sequel much more emotionally engaging than the original and absolutely loved the character design of the castle antagonists. I also particularly enjoyed playing as Alucard in the DLC and revisiting the Toy Maker."
,Recommended,239250,14424533,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,skuzzypooky,It was good if a little short....it just didnt wasnt quite as good as LOS 1 though gameplay wise had a lot of nice improvments
,Recommended,239250,14476028,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,"A good sequel to the first Lords of Shadow. I initially stayed away because I heard so many bad things about it and I enjoyed the first Lords of Shadow so much that I was afraid playing this would ruin that game for me.But it didn't.Lords of Shadow 2 is a good game that just sort of lost its way, playing as Dracula is fun with some awesome combat and the level design is great with how the game switches between modern day and Dracula's castle. My only issue is about halfway through the game, big moments (killing bosses, major plot points, etc) didn't have that kind of accomplishing feel the first LOS did when you completed things. Thats just me though, the game is definitely fun and I burned through it in a few days, the twist towards the end should definitely make you quite happy, despite the actual ending itself leaving you kind of ""ehhhh""but then again, its hard to wrap up killing Satan"
,Recommended,239250,13923159,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,"English will Follow.Ce jeu est un chef d'oeuvre, c'est ma franchise préféré, sans aucun doute. Castlevania revit une fois de plus, mais cette fois avec une histoire qui vous imerge totalement, vous apprenez toute l'histoire de la famille Belmont. En finissant le premier, cela es sure que vous allez acheté le second sans hésité. Je suis une personne très pointilleux dans mes choix de jeu et pour que cette franchise devienne ma préféré, c'est que cest un très bon jeux.English:This game is a masterpiece, it's my favorite franchise without a doubt. Castlevania relives once again, but this time with a story that Imerge you completely, you learn the history of the Belmont family. By finishing the first, it're sure you bought the second without hesitation. I am a very picky in my game choice and for this franchise become my favorite is that this is a very good game."
76561198165146124,Recommended,239250,15424566,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dopey,If you like God of War series then this game is for you or anybody who likes classic hack n slash
,Not Recommended,239250,15426656,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,e.e._Prime,"not for pc, controlling sucks. just another ps or x box game without any fun"
76561197969740203,Not Recommended,239250,15442603,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,"Rush` ""Mel Gibson's Rage""",Bad♥♥♥♥♥vampire has to walk around as a rat to get passed puzzles
,Recommended,239250,15177980,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,{ANS}Wolf1994,"Very good game. Storyline is very interesting. Graphics are good, but the problem is that it can be a bit laggy."
,Recommended,239250,15189399,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gicu,Fantastics dark world.Great graphic.Very nice game.
76561198089907009,Not Recommended,239250,9382172,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ConmanWolf,"Did you like the first game in this series? Well, you might find this one annoying then.The first major problem is that unlike the first game, this one is much shorter. You can beat it in about 6-8 hours. That's a decent run time, but then you realize there is nothing else. The game even feels like less is going on, even when a lot of stuff is happening. And not in a good way.The story is this:Gabriel Belmont is Dracula. He wants to die. Because being Dracula is really rough. Now it's the future, and he wakes up. Death shows up and tells Dracula that if they defeat Satan together, than Dracula can have a weapon that will give him eternal rest. Dracula agrees, and it's off to hunt down three of Satan's kids to save the world.Seems like a simple story, right? Well, it kinda isn't. Dracula ends up world hopping from time to time. This means he travels between two totally different world maps. A city, and a castle. The castle is a highly detailed and very pretty wonderland. It's well designed, tons of interesting enemies, and great atmosphere. The castle areas are the best enviornments in the game. Unfortunetly, the castle areas are also home to the worst bits of story. You mostly spend time running around, talking to characters from related to the lore. This also includes Dracula's dead wife and son, who ask you to preform fetch quests for them. At the end, you fight Dracula's inner evil, and the castle section is dead forever. No more use out that.The city on the other hand is the worst. Everything is grey and looks alike. All the good will of the castle and it's varied enviornments is sucked away by the fact that Dracula can't jump over a fence. Running around the city area is difficult too, as the layout is poor and often trying to cram too much into too little space. I got lost a great number of times just trying to go back the way I came because they force you to take different routes all the time. The enemies are mutated humans who somehow manage to be able to block your strongest attacks by using a shotgun as a shield. The other enemies are humans in mech suits, which are easily amongst the most annoying since they fly outside your range and have high damage dealing guns. They even come equiped with shields to block the attacks that do land.But the City part is where all the story happens. All the important, interesting, story details go on in the city. But the boss battles suffer even then. Boss fights in the city are single stage moments with more cutscene than combat, in comparison to the more interesting and BETTER boss fights found at the castle. Clearly there was a conflict during development.The game seems split most of the time actually. It feels like there was a great deal of splits amongst the developers, as some stuff feels a lot less fleshed out. Especially since the ending is flat and awful. Nothing feels resolved, and I guess this was done so that you would still be able to free roam through the city and pick up the collectables you missed.And now, for something that some may be a bit confused by. But the game needed more Quick Time Events. OR at least a better allocation of those QTEs. Let me explain. The bosses are completely void of quick time events. But, there is still a quick time event to open a door. The QTEs for the bosses was deemed LESS important than the QTEs to open the door. It just seems odd to me. And in a way makes the ability to turn off QTEs utterly pointless since there aren't enough to justify the option.The combat is better though. The gameplay has been improved. But oddly enough, the difficulty has raised quite a lot. But not in the good way. Instead of making the enemies more interesting to fight, they no longer stagger, have more health, and tend to swarm. Most have shields that require a three hit combo from your chaos guantlets. The chaos guantlets are really slow, have poor range, drain magic, and the enemies tend to dodge after the second hit, so the third hit rarely hits. And that's if you even manage to get a full combo off since the enemies attack so often you spend most of your time dodging instead of attacking. The game even brings in enemies later in the game who summon more enemies, and have unblockable attacks.The game isn't bad. But is a sad sequel to the first Lords of Shadow."
,Recommended,239250,15165649,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,nephilimaura,"great game. on sale. worth it.if you haven't played the first before getting into this, you are cheating yourself.9/10"
,Not Recommended,239250,15308837,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Subway Pirate,"Okay, so the graphics are amazing, the game is really beautiful. Combat is a little less cool than LoS but still pretty cool. My biggest issue are those damn stealth parts, stupid puzzles all the time... it's damn boring, it just slow the game down a lot and make it uninteresting. The first game is a masterpiece but this one sucks so much. If you're really a fan, okay, but if not, do not waste your time/money."
76561198130349042,Recommended,239250,28129697,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AON,"I recommend 100% the game, especially for those who have finished the first Lords of Shadow. The story of the first is better, but Lords of Shadow 2 has a great story too! Besides, it is much better to play as Dracula than as Gabriel. Not to mention that the end of Lords of Shadow 2 gives a wonderful satisfaction, superior to completing the first game.People criticized the stealth parts very much. I think because it breaks the Hack'n Slash rhythm of the game to a situation where you have to use the brain. And, let's face it, it's not as difficult to overcome these parts as the people are complaining about. I personally enjoyed even the stealth parties. I liked Kleidos, and I liked the open world with a relic to help you find the secrets that you can leave behind unintentionally, and I enjoyed playing with Alucard.Worth every penny. I would love to play as Drakul again."
76561198129180670,Recommended,239250,10160124,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,LethalDanger,Really like the story behind the game. The combat isfun and fluent. I did not like the stealth system however and some of the area's are annoying to pass. But overall I enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,239250,28141650,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BobMeister Gaming,AMAZING
76561197996755356,Recommended,239250,28319112,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,King Sha,"Fantastic sequel to lords of shadow 1, while it doesnt quite live up to the first one it is still a great game and a must buy if its one special."
76561197999914689,Recommended,239250,31388945,Posted: 27 April,all,Mark Rushow,"This time around the grappeling and swinging around like Tarzan has been ommited. But free look camera on the right thumb stick has been added and it helps out a lot in combat and discovery. My first playthrough it had been some time since I played the previous LoS. I knew the story must take place in a modern/future setting but I had hoped they would find a way around it so it wouldn't feel corny. In a way they did and it was pretty genius. It did feel a bit corny the first playthrough but after some time and recently replaying through LoS and Mirror of Fate I found much more to be appreciated in LoS2 and enjoyed it quite a lot. Peicing together the story accross the games was a lot of fun as well. There are so few action/adventure games made these days; and fewer still that are worth playing. The LoS trilogy is quite good and worth owning for fans of the genre. LoS gameplay draws a lot from God of War and some from Shadow of the Colossus with a good sprinkle of classic Metroidvania. The expeience and skill tree system I quite prefer in this game if I am to have one. The moves you use are the ones you gain experience in, as it should be. And gaining experience and leveling your weapons doesn't take forever. 3 levels for each of the 3 types. I can live with that over leveling to absurd numbers. The DLC is short but appropriate. Playing as Alucard weilding a sword rather than a whip like weapon with reach gives a new flavor to the combat yet remains quite familiar."
,Recommended,239250,29096591,Posted: 7 January,all,.:SagnolTheGangster:.,"If Capcom & Santa Monica had a son.. this would be him!At first i thought that it won't be like the first one because it is in modern age but this is the perfect Dracula Game! It has a lot better:Animations,Graphics,More Cutscenes which make it more cinematicand reminds me a lot of Dracula Untold!The only thing i hated was the ending.. it was like watching Konami giving up on making games :D"
76561198036562911,Recommended,239250,28286766,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,youarethemusic,"The game is astonishingly beautiful in a lot of places. Great artwork.The controls are smooth, good boss fights. Great improvement over part I in that regard.Never saw a single glitch or crash.I don't see how anyone could give this a negative review, it is a brilliantly made game."
76561198127827186,Recommended,239250,29214739,Posted: 12 January,all,jonjr007,Amazing game
76561198082656958,Recommended,239250,29311575,Posted: 16 January,all,FuzzY,"Amazing game , tons of stuff to do and very good plot line continuity if you've played LoS 1. Story pales in comparison to LoS 1 but features such as open world and free camera have been added.This game gets alot of unnecessary hate. Play it for yourself and see that its worthwhile"
76561198203073683,Recommended,239250,29305500,Posted: 16 January,all,lukehampton04,"I've been playing Castlevania since the first NES version, and I must say that I am really impressed with this as the conclusion of Lords of Shadow 1 and Mirror of Fate. The graphics (mostly in the architecture) and music are fanstastic. The stealth parts didn't bother me as much as everyone else.I would say the biggest con in this game is that the enemies are all relatively the same strength and kind of boring. I think it would have been a little more fun to whip my way through barrages of weaker skeletons and zombies with stronger enemies dispersed strategically through each area. As it is now, pretty much every enemy takes quite a few whips and combos to defeat -- none of them are particularly challenging, but rather time consuming.Ultimately, I did enjoy this game and would definitely recommend this and the other 'newer' series to any Castlevania fan."
,Recommended,239250,29697990,Posted: 4 February,all,Imago Storm,"I just like to wander withing the castle, it's awesome. Btw, Nergal is a prick, no second phase at all. (Played on PS3, btw)"
76561198018443943,Recommended,239250,29928941,Posted: 14 February,all,Cadis Etrama Di Raziel,"There are times where I both loved and hated Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2.  I really like the first Lords of Shadow, with the Gothic setting, the fresh character design, the story, and the many diverse/fun situations.  Lords of Shadow 2 is at its best when it puts the player in dynamic combat where you are Dracula, the Prince of Darkness, laying waste to whoever dares to stand against you.  However, the stealth sections felt both tedious and illogical  (why would the strongest vampire on the planet be afraid of some trash mobs, with big guns sure, and pushed to hide?  I mean Satan and Death itself are afraid of him...  I don't get it).Pros:+ Great artistic direction.+ Dynamic combat.+ Great boss battles.+ You play as mothereffing DRACULA, the DRAGON!!+ I enjoyed both the Gothic & Sciebce Fiction settings.+ Great voice acting.Cons:- Stealth sections.- The overall world map is tedious to navigate.- Could have benefited of more combo variety and powers (remember the animation HELLSING, that's a bad♥♥♥♥♥vampire).Verdict: B+"
76561198045234824,Recommended,239250,29657255,Posted: 2 February,all,sascomander,"So as my third Castlevania game ever I found this game to be interesting. Obviously my first 2 are the other Lords of Shadow games on steam. Lords of Shadow 1 and Mirror of Fate.I have to start out saying this game at max settings with the texture pack on is beutiful. Atleast the environments are, the character models are about the same as in the first lords of shadow game. But the Marble floors and walls look amazing same with the castle.The gameplay is 99% the same as the first lords of shadow lots of X and Y if you are using a controller, it has full controller support so I dont see why you wouldnt be. There is 1 change which I found annoying. They switched the function of the right trigger and B button on an Xbox controller from the first game. In the first game right trigger was used to pick stuff up and now its B. This threw me off as it is bascially the only controll change.SPOILERS.I found this game to be more enjoyable than the first but I liked the story in the first one more. This story is confusing.So in the first one you were sent on a mighty quest to kill the three lords of Shadows, Werewolf, Vampire, and Grim Reaper man. This one you are gearing up to fight Satan in a modernish city.There are basically no puzzles in this one which were prevelent in the first one. They have been replaced instead with weird stealth sections. Which absolutly make no sense as you are Dracula who is going to destroy Satan but dies in 2 seconds these large mutant guards with basically rocket launchers in futuristic armor. Very annoying.There is also a sub plot with the castle which was destroyed at the start of the game. Then it sort of becomes its own dimension were stupid BS things happen. Like the blood of the castle is trying to keep him there and basically Mutates anything it touches.Also Zobek is a business man now.I am notgoing thru the entire story but its basically you awake its the future you are in modern city, there are people trying to sommin Satan, you beat them and other bosses , then fight Satan and an old god. With weird BS stuff happening in your Castle dimensional realm.I think the castle became the new Shadow plane maybe? Idk it isnt really explained.8/10 is what I give it."
76561198048427992,Recommended,239250,35506260,Posted: 5 October,all,LazyBone9,"Interesting followup to the first game. Lords of Shadows 2 takes place after the events of Mirror of Fate and in two different timelines. It takes place in modern day where a city has built upon the foundations of Dracula's castle, and in the past, through a strange time-travel sequence that may also be inside your head. But maybe it isn't in your head........or is it?It's confusing.Don't try to understand it.If you're looking for a great sequel that builds upon the first game into an engaging experience you probably won't find it here. It still has plenty of hack n' slash fun, and many great features; do not be fooled however, it is not nearly as polished as its predecessor.While the time travel/in your head sequences may be strange at first it does follow a certain controlled chaos. The game doesn't build as much investment in characters either. In the first game I enjoyed taking Gabriel through his trials to defeat the Lords of Shadows. In this game, while the goal is clear, I never found myself caring all too much.I still recommend playing it through at least once, though not at full price. I picked my copy up during a Steam sale and I think that's the best way to enjoy the game."
