user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197977220834,Recommended,239350,32138119,Posted: 2 June,all,adobe slabs,"Endlessly replayable masterpiece of game design. What sets it apart from most other roguelikes is the complete lack of any kind of character progression system or item unlocks - it's completely skill based and the only reason the game gets easier with time is because you improve as a player.The gameplay feels perfectly smooth and responsive, and even now when I'm 250+ hours into the game I'm still discovering cool new interactions and tricks that I can use to make my play more agile, refined and versatile.In short, it's the best indie game ever made, don't miss out."
76561198008682292,Recommended,239350,15552935,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TK-421,"123 hours and 493 deaths later, I have finally conquered this beast.Don't be fooled by the seemingly simple gameplay. On the inside, this is a very complex game.In the beginning, you gleefully frolic through a beautiful system of caves hoarding every piece of shining gold or gleaming jewel in sight. ""This is great!"" you think to yourself as you open a chest full of rubies and emeralds. You start to whistle a tune as you delve deeper into the caverns. Then you see a golden idol. Excitedly, you grab it. The caves start to shake as a giant boulder comes tumbling toward you at high speeds. With a lucky jump, you survive the huge ball of death. A few seconds later, a spider comes out of nowhere and knocks you down a pit, where you're met with an angry old shopkeeper who is maniacally running, jumping, and firing his shotgun. You're struck with a bullet and sent over a ledge. As you slam into the ground, an arrow is launched from an inconveniently placed trap directly into your face. As you might imagine, you're now dead. Adding insult to injury, your lifeless corpse is flung directly into a pit of spikes.This experience leaves you speechless. As you recover from this ordeal, you think to yourself ""That wasn't fair."" Little do you know, the whole thing was entirely your fault. You had failed to thoroughly scan your surroundings before grabbing that cursed piece of gold. Turns out, the boulder had obliterated an altar, causing a swarm of angry spiders to begin making their way to you. After this, the boulder rolled down a hole and smashed into the wall of a weapon shop, sending the shopkeeper into a violent frenzy. This is when one of the provoked spiders jumps onto your unsuspecting head and sends you to your doom.Nearly everything in this game can lead to your death.There are many lessons to learn in this game. With every run, you increase in knowledge and skill. Eventually you make your way out of the caves, and you're in a foreign place filled with all kinds of new things that want to kill you. That blue frog looks kinda cute, right? WRONG. That ""cute"" blue frog HATES YOU. It will stop at nothing to murder you.With every death and every success, you suddenly have a bunch of new questions. ""What is that fleshy thing sticking out of the wall?"" ""What happens if I blow this up?"" ""Can I safely traverse this terrain?"" ""Why does that gravestone say 'Ash' on it?"" You must find the answer to these questions. There is a great feeling of satisfaction and confidence every time you discover something new.Overall, Spelunky is an amazing game. It will not fail to entertain, and will keep you coming back for more. There is plenty to discover, with lots of secrets and surprises. It's very unforgiving, and you will have to be vigilent and persistent if you want to conquer it. The extremely challenging achievements assure you that there is always another goal to reach.Go ahead, give it a try. You'll be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,239350,12545184,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,McGregodopoulos,"Over 240 hours, 1500+ runs, I've completed this game a measely 12 times. This is one of the most difficult games I've ever played. The seconds are minutes and minutes are hours when you're playing this game.  I've been to Hell once and I only just recently finished it under 8 minutes. This game hasn't gotten stale yet but it will make you feel every emotion ten fold.UPDATE after 519 hours of gameplay. I have unlocked all of the achievements, even  the dreaded ""no gold"" one. I have completed this game countless times now, yet I still can't understate how difficult this game is. The hours I have spent in this game were well spent and for the price you're getting it for it's a steal....just don't steal from the shopkeeper.And to the people complaining it is too hard, Spelunky is meant to be difficult, that's the challenge and the point of it. But the feeling you get when you see Yang in the treasure room overshadows all the swearing and headbanging."
,Recommended,239350,7764938,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,lesslucid,"The most reliably enjoyable game I've ever played. Still interesting and stimulating after hundreds upon hundreds of games. I basically recommend this to anyone, even if you don't like platformers."
,Recommended,239350,12581993,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dad,"When the arrow trap triggers from offscreen and ricochets off a wallonly to bounce off the ground and hit you in the face, you realize something profound.Some things are just beyond your control.Life isn't out to get you it's just randomly generating extremely unfair situations.Kind of like Spelunky. Oh, and I hate this game.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,9767712,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Toastburner B,"I've played around 30 hours of Spelunky at this point.  I am worlds better at it than I was when I first picked it up.  But on my best run I still haven't even gotten to the final world yet.  More often than not I can't even make it past the second world.  Truth be told, I just died on the very first level on the last game I played.So why am I giving Spelunky a thumbs up?Because the game is fun.  And fair.  Mostly fair, at least.Let's get this out of the way: Spelunky is a hard game.  30 hours in and I haven't even seen the final title set of the game.  But what keeps me coming back to it is that almost every time I die, it's my fault.  Spelunky rewards caution and harshly punishes hubris.  While learning the ins and out of the game can be frustrating in the beginning (unless you fear spoilers, I might suggest watching a Let's Play of the game before you start just so you don't immediately get murdered), the feeling you get once you get the hang of the enemies and traps is great.  By the time you feel start to feel overconfident, you make to the next world where the game humbles with new enemies and traps.Tiki traps are still the bane of my existence, by the way.The random generation of the levels keeps the game from feeling stale, even as you base your head against the same tile-set over and over again.  As I mentioned before, the game keeps things mostly fair, though I have run into a map generated in such a way that if I didn't have bombs I could not continue, but this has only happened once or twice in 200+ runs.  The traps and enemies are also mostly fair (outside of the occasional off-screen arrow trap that gets triggered before you can see it, and such).So, seriously, if you have any stomach for rogue-like games, give Spelunky a try.  Please.  I could use some people new to the game so my score isn't consistantly at the bottom of the Daily Challenge anymore."
,Recommended,239350,8467167,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zyclune,"Death by spikes.Death by arrow trap.Death by boulder trap.Death by monster pot.Death by bat.Death by big spider.Death by bat.Death by falling chest.Death by self-flung rock.Death by shopkeep.Death by self-flung rock.Death by fall damage, bat, then rebounded into a nearby spike pit.Death by a shotgun flown halfway across the map due to a secluded bomb explosion that YOU SWORE YOU WERE FAR ENOUGH AWAY FROM TO NOT GET HIT BY AT ONLY 1 HEALTH.And yet I bought the game twice."
,Recommended,239350,8241500,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mattisticus,"This isn't a game, it's a way of life."
,Recommended,239350,12862948,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Trip Hazard,"At it's core, Spelunky is a precise 2D platformer, with a very simple yet elegant scoring mechanic. Each level through which you descend is littered with treasure, and your objective is to get to the end of the game, beat the boss, and escape with as much gold as you can carry with you. This would get a bit boring if the levels were the same every time, so instead the layout of the platforms, items, and enemies changes every time you retry, although the four themed areas (plus one special, secret one) always appear in the same order. Interestingly, in this version, there is a daily challenge: a seed is generated and every one who attempts the daily challenge will play the same seed, and the scores are ranked at the end. Best I've achieved is twelfth in the world. Mind you, the disparity between my score and that of the person in pole position was enormous.It probably took me a good twenty hours of practice before I could reliably make it to the second set of levels.You can buy and find a variety of different items to help you proceed but you always start with just four bombs and ropes. Spelunky is a tough game, for sure, and you'll need to put the effort in if you want to see all that it has to offer. Although it is possible for RNG to generously hand you a seed with a few more items and a few less traps, the randomisation isn't so extreme that luck alone is enough to make or break a run. A skilled player will always succeed, no matter what, whilst someone who hasn't quite grasped the mechanics can have all the advantages and still squander them. Death in Spelunky often comes quite quickly, and cautious play is advised. As you practice, you'll learn how to be cautious and plan ahead, whilst still being very speedy and efficient with bombs and ropes. This is important, as levels in Spelunky are timed; when the clock hits 2:30, a ghost will emerge from the nearest wall and if it touches you, your run is over.It really put me off at first, the idea that I couldn't take my time and explore all the nooks and crannies, hoovering up every tiny speck of gold as I went. But, the ghost is essential in encouraging you to get better, to find the fastest and most efficient ways down through the level, and skilled players can even exploit its appearance for fiscal gain. Like so many aspects of Spelunky, what seems like a hardship at first gradually reveals itself to be a boon. The angry shopkeepers, a real nuisance, but when you learn how to handle them, their shops become a little treasure trove for you to plunder. Could save you a few pennies in the black market, for sure.They say the devil is in the details, and Spelunky is full of little flourishes which really vitalise the whole experience and imbue everything with character. Take the red frogs, for example. They explode on death (a problem, or a boon?) but if they go into water, even in their death throes, they'll transform into a blue frog. It's really neat discovering stuff like that for yourself, so, sorry for spoiling that one :PThere are loads of secrets too! Most levels have just one way out, but what happens if you try to get the crown from the skeleton in the haunted jungle level, and just what is the deal with that weird, tumorous growth sprouting from the backdrop? Does it have a use? That's up to you to find out, and you'll feel great when you do. Spelunky has produced more moments of elation and awe for me than any other game I've ever played, and I finished Dark Souls.Listen, you owe it to yourself to play Spelunky. It might be the best game ever made."
,Recommended,239350,7536104,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Radioactive,"Spelunky is an exquisitely designed hybrid roguelike/platformer that is simple to learn, but very difficult to master. Often a single mistake from certain death, you must depend on your own skills and knowledge to progress through the procedurally generated caves, uncovering the treasures and secrets that lie below. Death comes often, especially to newcomers, but every death is a learning experience that improves your chances of survival in subsequent attempts.Spelunky is a game that is simultaneously merciless and fair. Even with multitude of threats you'll face, almost every death you experience is preventable and the result of poor judgment or a lack of skill. All of Spelunky's mechanics and enemies follow a persistent and predictable logic, each element a tiny cog in a massive interlocking machine. Learning about the inner workings of Spelunky's world is necessary to venture into the deeper reaches of the caves.Those that are looking for an easy game to breeze through should look elsewhere, but those that desire a game that will test their skills as well as the speed and accuracy of their decision-making will likely enjoy Spelunky. Like many roguelikes, the initial difficulty is very high, and may be offputting to some, but those that persevere will be rewarded with an incredibly satisfying game that has nigh-infinite replay value and keeps even experienced players on their toes.Below is a short story inspired by Spelunky, which may give a potential player an idea of how the game plays and what I find so appealing about it./----After carrying both the valuable golden idol and the defenseless pug to the exit, I turned back to recover the shotgun that I had left on a perch high above, but partway through my journey, I felt a shiver run down my spine, and the air grew cold. It seemed that I had overstayed my welcome. Seconds later, I spotted the translucent spectre effortlessly slipping through solid wall, approaching me with single-minded determination. Having dealt with this ghost many times before, I was undeterred. I grabbed my shotgun and nimbly weaved my way through the twisted caverns as the sluggish spirit fell behind. However, as I neared the exit, something caught my eye: a lone supply crate sat at the end of a corridor, begging for its contents to be revealed. My desire for treasures overwhelming my senses, I made a dash for the crate, and within it I found a parachute. “Hardly worth the effort”, I muttered as I turned towards the exit, but as soon as I began to make my way back, I realized what a terrible mistake I had made. My unnecessary detour had allowed the ghost I had previously danced around with such confidence to corner me. I scrambled to blow open an escape route, but the walls that surrounded me were too thick, and the fuses on my bombs too long. Realizing the inevitability of my fate, I turned to face the approaching phantom and awaited its deadly embrace......And as quickly as I felt my life being sucked away, I woke up at the cave entrance, no worse for wear. After taking note of my own death in a dusty old journal and etching another tally mark into the nearby stone wall, I journeyed yet again into the mysterious caves below, tightening the grip on my trusty whip as the surrounding rocks and dirt shifted under my feet. “This is the one” I assured myself as I entered an abandoned mine with renewed determination and a newfound respect for the ghost that haunts the caves below. “I just know it.”----/"
76561198067505253,Recommended,239350,8224875,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Protomario,"Spelunky is a Platformers Nightmare. This game is very good, perfection for platformers even. With that in mind be aware that the difficulty level of this game is in your face from begining to end, so there is no curve. Added with this difficulty, this game requires survival of 15 levels on ONE life. To see the real ending there are an extra 4 levels, and side levels like the Castle, Mothership, and Worm. To get the actual ending it is required that you attain Three things that are not known right off the bat, which will require some looking up.Overall this game is meant to kill you and break your spirit by randomizing all dugneons, items, and shops. Meaning your runs will never be the same.If you do not like restarting your progress, getting close to the end and failing, then this game is not for you."
,Recommended,239350,16749589,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,stubar,"What can I say about Spelunky?I bought this game a while ago, played it for a short amount of time and put it away again.  I kept dying, it seemed like they made the difficulty way too hard for a casual looking game.I picked it up again a few days ago with the determination to get through the first world, to have a proper idea of what the game is about.  Now I understand!!Spelunkylookseasy.  If you've played it, you'll know it isn't.  The great thing is though, there are no cheap deaths.  Death comes from player error.  There are WTF!?  moments, but these are shortly proceeded by newfound knowledge and understanding of a new tactic or strategy.  The amount of ways to die in Spelunky, I don't even try to imagine!This maybe what makes it such a special platformer.  With procedural generated levels and the multitude of ways our hero can meet his end, each playthrough feels quite unique.  It never feels mundane or like a grind.  Any frustration from dying is short-lived and usually accompanied with laughter.The graphics are lovely and colourful, with a plethora of cute characters to unlock.  There's a whole host of tough achievements and a nice variety of catchy soundtracks that compliment it all really well.This is how to make a platform game.  10/10"
,Recommended,239350,7751941,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Quyzbuk,"There's not much else to be said that the store page can't already truthfully tell you. This game does pretty much everything right in the areas that matter most. It sounds great, looks great, plays fantastic, and is surprisingly deep (no pun intended). If you want something you can just hop into and play for a little while (or a longer extended stay), this will satisfy that need easily."
,Recommended,239350,13560041,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,dannorder,"When I first heard this described as a rogue-like game, I didn't believe it. I laughed. As someone who started withNetHackback in 1987 (yes, I'm old, thanks for noticing) and lovedMoriaandDwarf Fortress, I just could not see how a platformer could possibly provide anything comparable to the same sort of play experience.Spelunkyproved me wrong, in a big way.The game starts out simple enough: spiders drop from the ceiling when you walk underneath, bats fly at you when you get close to them, snakes slither back and forth. Fine. You can run and jump, use a rope to climb to places you wouldn't otherwise reach, drop a bomb to bring down a wall or make a hole and get to otherwise unreachable areas. Cool. And each time you start the level has randomized elements so the walls and floors and treasure and monsters are in different locations so it's not predictable. Great. That alone would make a good game.But as you advance, new enemies and items are added, along with special random areas. Each of these brings new elements that affect the gameplay not just for you but potentially with interaction with other items and creatures in the game. Very quickly your decisions become more complex. See the biggest spider you ever saw? Watch out, it's a lot harder to kill than a normal spider, so avoid at all costs... except if you kill it you can use the sticky webs to make your bombs attach to things they'd otherwise roll off of... which is fine if one blows up a higher part of the wall to get at a more valuable items but is not cool at all when you toss it at a monster who then comes chasing after you with a bomb stuck to its side ready to blow you up along with it... and even if you manage to get away it might accidentally destroy a floor you needed to run across or anger a shotgun-wielding shopkeeper or otherwise make your life more difficult. Do you do it? Decide quickly, because this isn't a turn-based game.And then, after many deaths and many hours, you realize that you are having to make split-second decisions about bizarre questions you never thought you'd ask yourself, like""Hey, would that giant yeti be destroyed by a land mine if I threw one just right, and is it worth trying to disarm one by hand to carry it around just in case?""or""How far do you suppose I'll bounce if I jump on top of this flying saucer, and does it change if I'm wearing spiked boots?""or even""Should I try to carry this damsel in distress over to the exit, throw her at the carnivorous plant, go find an altar to Kali, attach this sticky bomb to her while she runs off this ledge, use her as a living shield. drop her on that strange orange globular thing over there, or put her in this pit so I can grab that freeze ray gun and maybe just maybe come back for her later...?""You will die. A lot. But on strictly a price of the game versus how many hours of enjoyment you get out of it comparison, this is the best bargain on Steam."
,Recommended,239350,15521859,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ellar k,You thought Dark Souls was a challenge?BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAH no
,Recommended,239350,11094725,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Fenchurch,"More death than Dark Souls, more damsels than Mario, more torture than The Binding of Isaac and more fun than all of them put together!"
76561198030293966,Recommended,239350,10172531,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,THE ENGINEER,"It's like a dog, a dog you love very much, that one day starts to uncontrollably poo everywhere. You love that dog. That dog is your dog. You can't put the dog down. Therefore you live with the dog. Continue to play with the dog. Clean the dog and feed it. The dog is this game."
,Recommended,239350,32709109,Posted: 23 June,all,TeddyRoosevelt'sHandsomeBrother,"Easy to pick up, fun to learn, and great fun to die. Infinitely replayable, and co-op makes it even better. Unless you hate the roguelite formula, this is worth a buy."
76561198174197378,Recommended,239350,31638870,Posted: 8 May,all,Whatsthehay,"Either I am a complete failure, or everyone else is really good at this game.This game is very difficult."
,Recommended,239350,23680775,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Silva,"Spelunky is one of those games that can only really be recommended to players with a very specific mindset about the games they play. Before I get to the good and bad of Spelunky, ask yourself the following questions:Are you easily frustrated?Do you care mostly about finishing a game, and not so much the process of getting there?Do you react poorly to dying in a game, getting tempted to throw a controller or smash a screen?Do repetition and trial and error drive you insane?If you answered ""yes"" to one or more of those questions, Spelunky is probably not a game you would enjoy. It is frustrating, getting to its conclusion is a difficult feat, and death is the player's constant companion. It is a game that I love and hate in equal measure, simply by virtue of its design. So how does the game actually play?If I had to use a phrase to describe it, that phrase would be ""randomized resource-management platformer of doom"". What that phrase distinctly lacks in catchiness it makes up for in accuracy.Every level in Spelunky is procedurally generated from specific ""chunks"" and configurations. The resulting semi-random level layouts means that each run is considerably different. What items, treasures, enemies and traps exist and where they are placed varies with each play of a specific level, but over time the player discovers the ""rules"" behind enemy, trap, and item behavior. Every four levels share a theme, and what dangers exist vary based on that theme. From abandoned mines to an underground jungle and beyond, the environment is as much a foe as any of its inhabitants.The number of bombs and rope the player has access to is a constant concern, only mitigated somewhat by specific items and even then never completely eliminated. Careful use of supplies, including humble environmental items like rocks, is vital to success.The player character can take extremely few hits--you start with 4 ""hearts"" of life, and every source of damage does at least one. Many can do more, or kill you outright. There are ways to increase this, one that is fairly obvious and others that are not, but death is always a very real possibility.All that is generic. What you might find more useful in determing if the game is for you are some of my personal experiences:I died in the tutorial, at least twice.I've been killed by, in no particular order: Snakes. Cobras. Spiders. Bigger spiders. Angry cavemen. Angry tribals. Angry shotgun-toting old men I tried to rob. Angry shotgun-toting old men I did not try to rob, but who blamed me for getting damaged. Spikes. Boulders. A different variety of spikes. Teleporting into a wall. Falling far enough to lose my last bits of life. Giant scorpions. Bombs, including bombs I placed myself. A ghost. Angering the goddess Kali. Oh, and my personal favorite, being eaten alive by a plant. That was fun.I have died more than five hundred times and not beaten the game, partially because I suck, and partially because the game is that difficult.Despite all that, and plenty of rage quits, I keep coming back for more.So how does all of that sound to you? ""A horrible waste of time"", ""A worthy challenge"", or somewhere in-between? If you know that, then you know whether you will enjoy Spelunky. It's a brutal, uncompromising game. It doesn't coddle the player, for better or worse. But behind all the death and frustration is a very intelligently designed game, one that feels fair despite the many, many times it has kicked my♥♥♥♥♥into the pavement. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,239350,9510068,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,*Old Beast Lunatic,"Murder, theft, kidnapping...how I became addicted to a game whose title doesn’t sound like a throwback 2D platformer.Spelunky, a game that looks like it was made by Nintendo and sounds like a special move in an adult entertainment production. To an outsider, Spelunky probably looks and seems like another goofy indie game with cartoony graphics and canned gameplay. That assumption couldn’t be further from reality, Spelunky is a brutal, unforgiving game requiring a high degree of skill and patience, while using it’s innocent, unsuspecting art to promote a violent and criminal plot following a degenerate tomb raider who makes Indiana Jones look like a choirboy.Spelunky is not only one of the best indie games I’ve played, it’s one of the best 2D platformers I’ve played to date (going back as someone who played terrible platformers on the Atari 2600). What makes Spelunky great is it’s addictive, procedural level design that rewards patience and strategy while punishing recklessness, dying is extremely easy so each death serves as a lesson to hopefully teach your dumb♥♥♥♥♥how to navigate for the next playthrough. People with ADD or those who enjoy being guided through games with relatively no resistance (99% of modern games) will have a tough time with this game as they’ll die 20 or 30 times before making it through the first world and will likely rage quit. There are times where Spelunky is so brutal that instead of getting angry, you’ve reached the stage of delirium where you begin to develop a psychotic laugh when you save up 10 hearts, make it to the ‘last’ level, take a safe step to the right, activate an arrow trap, get smashed in the face, get thrown across the level, bounce off 3 walls and then somehow land in a pool of lava even after your carefully planned and executed run up until that moment. At that point, anger is futile, enjoy the hilarity and get your♥♥♥♥♥back to the cave.GameplayIn terms of gameplay, Spelunky is a rogue-like where you aim to complete levels across 4 or more worlds while ‘collecting’ treasure, ‘defeating’ monsters and ‘rescuing’ damsels (stealing precious metals, murdering innocent wildlife and kidnapping unsuspecting civilians). The gameplay promotes careful, thought-out movements and actions but the controls are so tight and responsive that you can hold turbo like an idiot (like I normally do) and try to fly across the map while getting every last resource even if it means a tragic and boneheaded death, that’s the allure of Spelunky, like dating a girl fresh out rehab, the potential is there but it’s likely going to end in disaster. With that said, to maximize enjoyment and effectiveness in this game, I’d highly recommend using a controller, preferably the Xbox 360 one, I couldn’t imagine playing this with a keyboard. During your crime-filled adventure, you’ll come across a variety of weapons, items and powerups, because of the procedural nature of the game, you can’t really plan on getting certain items since there’s no guarantee they’ll even show up, randomization does that. It is a double-edged effect however, there are runs where you’ll get more than you can carry; a jetpack, plasma cannon, all the good boots, 15 hearts (my record is 18) and still have to sacrifice some of it if you want to reach certain areas of the game.Replayability is at the same level asThe Binding of Isaac, a game that I dropped over 300 hours into. There’s so much to do in Spelunky that you should easily have hundreds of hours of gameplay, the average ‘run’ takes about 30-40 minutes if you’re taking your time and trying to get as much loot as possible. Games like these are a great change of pace because they aren’t a huge time commitment like most PC games are (looking at you Civ 5) and they allow you to sit back and relax with a controller (although there’s very little relaxing in this game unless you’re on some strong tranquillisers). At writing, I’m about 130 hours in and I finally reached hell for the first time this past week, just to paint a picture of how much time is needed in order to get good enough to beat the whole game. As if the game couldn’t get any better, it also has a deathmatch and co-op mode, which is likely not as big of a deal for PC gamers since it’s only offline (no online co-op does suck, but is a very small issue), still something fun to play if you’re sitting around with some friends and everyone has controllers.Another gameplay element worth mentioning is destruction, although explosives are relatively hard to come by, when you stock up enough of them you can start to take chunks out of the level to try and access loot. The levels are varied but consistent, you won’t be able to get all of the loot in every level but if you’re resourceful and strategic you should be able to clear out 90% of the content while avoiding death at the end (play the game to find out what I mean). The items are also pretty well crafted, they all have literal uses and as you play the game you’ll realize they have secondary uses. The design choices in Spelunky were really well thought out and are all there to help improve the gameplay, which is all that should matter. When you’re over 100 hours in a game and still discovering cool gameplay mechanics that only make the game experience better, you know the developers put a lot of thought into the design.VerdictIt’s a shame that a lot of people will never play a game like Spelunky because of their preconceived notions regarding indie games, platformers, colourful artwork, a game that only costs $15 or less (I only paid $4 thanks to a trusty Steam sale), or games that sound like degrading sexual escapades. In any event, it’s your loss if you’re reading this and still are not convinced. If you’re too cheap to buy the game for $15, add it to your wishlist and get it on sale, even if you’re too useless to ever play the game, at least you’ll have supported a developer who if more companies took after we’d have a new era of engaging, thought-provoking games that reward skill and strategyinstead of spamming you with ‘achievements’ just for booting the game up while it carries you through the entire experience with no challenge."
76561198034384720,Recommended,239350,32799035,Posted: 25 June,all,Doublegood,"When I think of games that can have people sinking 250 hours into them, the first things I think of are games like fallout 4 or Elder scrolls, game with massive maps that have almost limitless amounts of things you can do. Spelunky at max has 20 levels. To be such a short game and be able to captivate my attention for this long and still have me coming back for more is not something most games die dreaming of achieving.This game is fun, but it is beyond hard. This game shouldn't be tagged difficult, it should be tagged nu-uh. Our fat meaty fingers were not meant to be used to the level this games requires. This game laughs at dark souls and calls it a ♥♥♥♥♥. Spelunky will not hold your hand. It will kick you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥every day of every year and laugh in your face. As painful as this game can there is a beauty to its cruelty. It is so rewarding to finish a complete hell run, knowing you took on one of the hardest games out there and and turned it from♥♥♥♥♥♥kicker to♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked. If you break things when you get mad don't buy this game, you will bankrupt yourself in computer repairs. This game is for anyone who feels modern games are to easy. This game will break you down over and over again until you either snap and run back to COD crying or it will harden you until you become some demigod of bossness.  I cannot recommend this game to everyone, but if you have read this far I think you will know if you need this game in your life."
,Recommended,239350,24134067,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rokoshy,"This game is perfect.You can beat it in less than 7min if you're good, or take more than 1h if you want a higher score.999 out of 1000 deaths could be avoided if you were a bit more careful.There are no repeat levels. Every time is a new experience.I'm yet to find a bug in over 660h.Runs perfectly on potatoes and NASA machines.Controls are really smooth. You do exactly what you pressed.Music is great. Visuals are great.There's a pug who lick your face to restore health!10/10Best roguelike game ever made.Update.3k hours in.Game is still good.Can't recommend it enough."
76561198013908593,Recommended,239350,16926281,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jonny_McBane,"I am addicted.Challenging but fair, secrets to explore, every game is a new experience, a different kinda soundtrack and most of all, it is so much fun fun fun."
,Recommended,239350,12262753,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jacktrack7,"Let's see...* Great platforming.* Fluid controls.* Very well-made sprites.* Charming scenarios.* Good replay value.* Hard as hell, unforgiving, unfair and rough... And I love it.I couldn't ask for more c:<"
76561198095288739,Recommended,239350,18157296,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Laughing Man,"Spelunky is a hard (but fair) rogue-like platformer with endless replayability.Simple but addictive yet very challenging,Every death you have will seem unfair at first but can be avoided.The first time you beat the boss it's one of the most satisfying things you can do in a platform game and when you beat the secret boss you will feel like a platforming god.But the challenge doesn't stop there, you have no gold runs, speed runs, daily challengs and if your a real masochist you can try to do an eggplant run.One of my favourite games of all time and easily worth full price.10/10 would recommend to anyone looking 4 a good challenge or a great platformer."
76561198151539407,Recommended,239350,31912004,Posted: 22 May,all,Airi,"This game can kill you in so many ways and make you feel dumb about it, it doesn´t matter if you have hundreds of hours of gameplay, know many strats or have already beaten the game, there´s always something new to discover.Do not underestimate the game, you may think it´s easy but it is very challenging, it took me about 700+ runs to beat it for the first time without shortcuts.-This game has a lot of replayability value.-Almost zero bugs/glitches (i have found just two and they are related to the background music, doesn´t affect gameplay and they will be gone in the next level).-Every run is different due to randomly generated levels.-Crazy shopkeepers.-Permadeath.Definitely worth it 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,15155946,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Tom,"Initially when I started playing Spelunky I was lost. It took me completely by surprise, how much fun and adventure can be had from such a simple looking game.While this game does look simple, underneath there is hella amount of complexity, logic and many hours of polished game play. The randomly generated maps keeps everything fresh and new as you climb around searching for treasure and for your escape.The game is so addictive, you start playing, and then some more, and then a little but more...then you play one last game and one more after that...until you realize its 3 AM. I should also mention this game is horrendously hard. You die...you start all the way at the beginning again.You will also need to play this with a controller, don't even attempt to play it with keyboard controls.Buy Spelunky ASAP!"
,Recommended,239350,12486994,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Fastela,"What could be said about Spelunky that hasn't been said yet? Yes, it's very hard. But yes, it's one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. Thanks to its randomly generated levels, the replayability is almost infinite. What's absolutely delightful about Spelunky is that it's one of those ""perfect"" games. That means that you'll always know why you lost a game, and how you could improve. There are hundreds of tiny tips and tricks to know and discover, and the ""secret"" levels are always a joy to go through.Spelunky can please the most hardcore players, but it also allows a more casual gameplay. People will either want to complete the game as fast as possible, or with the biggest amount of gold, or simply try and beat the final boss. In the end, what's the most amazing thing about this game is that you won't necessarily play it for its entended purpose (beat the game, deliver damsels, get treasures..), but rather for the journey you'll embark whenever you press Start.Absolutely amazing game, I couldn't recommend it enough."
76561197981392142,Recommended,239350,26330314,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Blade Runner,"I bought this game three years ago and it's been a steady obsession ever since. It took me 520 hours and 2400 runs to beat the game in Hell. There are achievements in this game that are true life achievements. I've been gaming for 30 years, and if I could only play one game for the rest of my life, this would be it."
,Recommended,239350,16103130,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CreatorBrian,"Endless hours of entertainment.  Even after beating the game, beating the special ending, and unlocking all the achievements, there's still plenty more to do.  Add in Sashavol's unbeatable Frozlunky Mod, and you'll never run out of things to do.  A must-have for Indie Game fans."
,Recommended,239350,10836557,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rafael M.,"Spelunky will make you addicted in a strange way.You will die a lot and will keep coming back.To succeed, stay alert all the time and don't rush.This is a slow game that requires patience."
76561197966743151,Recommended,239350,12559197,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BettyFrancis,A modern masterpiece in 2d platforming. Loveable character/creature designs as well.I am eagerly awaiting the novelization.
,Recommended,239350,28529690,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Alphactory,"Think you know how to move around with wasd in a way that dodges damage? Think you're good at roguelikes? Think this game is going to be easy? Think the quirky, fun and cartoony characters don't know the pain of thousands upon thousands of deaths, none due to old age? WRONG ON ALL COUNTS! Prepare to spend the next thousand hours of your life (with intermittent bathroom, food, and sleep breaks) laughing, raging, and honing your terrible reflexes because if you buy this game (and you WILL buy this game) it will consume you. You will die and die and die. And then you'll die. But for some reason, you'll return and by some twisted part of the human psychology, you'll be having fun. You'll get the achievement: Addicted (play 1000 times) after 5 minutes of playing, and proceed to get them all by whatever means necessary. So you have to kill a red nosed indiana jones a few times. So you might have to sacrifice a few innocent dogs to an evil god of pain. It's worth it. THIS IS SPELUNKY. It's not easy. After 582.6 hours of mashing keys, collecting gold, and racing to the finish, I've beaten the boss 6 times, and the final boss none. I still don't have all the achievements, and I furiously play every day, slaughtering dogs and shopkeepers in every attempt to finish the game. My highscore is a little bit worse than 4000th in the world, and my time is a little better than 7000th in the world. This game is a devotion. An addiction. A lifestyle. This, my friends, is Spelunky.Want the best game you'll ever play? Want the worst game you'll ever play? Buy spelunky.// update: at 621.1 hours, the final boss is down. G. fricking. G."
,Recommended,239350,8792748,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,peremptor,"It's an amazing distillation of what started with Spelunker on the NES and perfected for anyone that's ever enjoyed an action puzzle platformer. Infinitely replayable and the random level generator is the best I've seen, truly no run will kill you the same way twice, unless you are a sucker for every pot at least.Look no further for your kicks (stomps and throws), this game has that and more in store for you."
76561198028049202,Recommended,239350,10752342,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kupo Games,"Spelunky is now my favorite rogue-like game. It’s charming, funny, polished, challenging, and incredibly rewarding when things work out for you. There’s tons of awesome secrets, and lots of hilarious situations that can occur. For example: You pick up a golden idol from a trapped pedestal, and a huge boulder rolls across the screen demolishing everything. You get away safely, but this boulder smashes into an item shop, and so the shopkeeper goes berserk, grabs his shotgun, and chases after you. The boulder also destroyed a nearby temple and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a goddess, who unleashes a horde of spiders on you. All of the different entities in the game have so many ways of interacting with each other that the game never runs out of new experiences.There’s a good variety of items and powerups, and optional hidden levels, which also make each run very different.Spelunky does get frustratingly hard at times though. (Damn those spike traps in the jungle area!) If they toned down the difficulty a tiny bit, I think the game would be perfect."
76561197970461867,Recommended,239350,17134250,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Kameroo,A mad dash through a death trap laden cave to fill your pockets with enough gold and gems to make a rich duck envious! One of the greatest rogue-lites ever. Great setting. More secrets then you could stuff into a undisclosed goverment warehouse. Smooth as butter controls. Amazing items. A fun sense of humor. A great sense of design and a brutal difficulty that keeps you just asking for more!
,Recommended,239350,33112096,Posted: 1 July,all,SpaceManSpiff,One of the greatest games I have ever played. I have uninstalled it several times only because it stops me from playing other games. It is that good.
,Recommended,239350,21322135,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Lavos,"Spelunky. It's one of my favourite games, ever. Spelunky's immensely fun, some of the most fun I've ever had playing a video game. But that's not the only reason why it sits proudly atop my list of favourite video games like a smug fowl. It's soundtrack fits it like a climbing glove, the bright colours of this beauty visually dazzle you and it's charm is clear to behold.  Some of the skill, precision and timing involved in perfecting your spelunking is beyond me. Like any rogue-like, however, death is always just around the corner. A run can go from you feeling unkillable, to the exact opposite. It's to be expected though, and for this reason, your success is amplified when you do strike gold and conquer this piece. Spelunky is a vibrant, mysterious and challenging rogue-like platformer that easily provides many, many hours of genuinely fun gameplay, on the Playstation version, I've succumbed to 15,000+ deaths in an attempt to rise victorious. This masterpiece is a definate recommendation to anyone even loosely thinking about picking it up, it's more-or-less a perfect rogue-like platformer."
,Recommended,239350,8790253,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Frustrated Grunt,This should be a mandatory addition to everyone's Steam library.  Near-perfect game design that is both challenging and rewarding. [10/10]
,Recommended,239350,12689743,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,BuvelleZz,Warning: Need Controller
76561198040208492,Recommended,239350,7789927,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,JohnnyPlaysGames,"The game itself at first looked less than it should be, but my god i load it up to a title screen that I felt more than pleased to see. Then suddenly, 400 hours later i'm no where near a master. it'll take a few more weeks of time to show how my worth, but I look to become the very best that no-one ever was.But, guys. it's a game you should totally try if you have the cash!Johnny Out!"
,Recommended,239350,32795123,Posted: 25 June,all,Muffin Pigeon,I don't know what the shopkeepers are wasting their time selling things in some old cave when they all could qualify for the Olympics.
,Recommended,239350,11683874,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Matt Zion,For me this game was all about the daily challenge. When it takes a price drop there is no excuse not to pick it up. I would even say full price is a steal for the many hours of fun it can offer. This is a 5 out of 5 Matt faces & seal of approval!
76561197995328992,Not Recommended,239350,13135567,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,distantlight,"I've heard researchers say there is no link between video games and violence.  These people have clearly never played Spelunky.  Never has a game filled me with such rage, with such hatred, with such contempt as Spelunky.  The designer of Spelunky, Derek Yu, rarely leaves his home without abodyguard.  Identifying himself as ""the guy who made Spelunky"" usually ends with him being unceremoniously punched in the nose.Is it a great game?  It most certainly is.  It may be the greatest game ever conceived. It's challenging, it's unpredictable, it's full of depth and secrets.  It looks and sounds great and it controls well.  It is  impeccably well-designed.  Even after a thousand attempts, you won't have mastered it.  Each time you play, you may learn a new detail to improve your play.And yet, suffer you will.Eventually, you'll take to the internet for help.  You'll read wikis.  You'll read strategy guides.  You'll watch jerks on Twitch TV making the game look easy.  You'll watch videos on YouTube of people beating the game in less than five minutes.And yet, your nearly every attempt at the game will end in tears.  You'll be left wishing you had just one more bomb, just one more rope.  You'll be wishing you had robbed that shopkeeper when he had a jetpack.  You'll be wishing you never entered that cursed black market.  You'll swear that getting through the giant spider level in the dark was impossible.  You'll play the Daily Challenge religiously, every day, always to be beaten by at least a hundred other players.  You'll finally, finally, make it to the super-secret level, and then be killed instantly.And yet, continue you will.  For Spelunky is more than a game.  It is a self-fullfilling insanity loop.  It is a labyrinth of aggravation, addiction and delayed gratification in which your retribution and rewards are always within reach, yet inexplicably never attainable.Soon the only thing you'll hate more than Spelunky will be yourself.  Every missed jump, every wasted bomb, every poor decision, every careless death will tear another tiny piece from your heart.  Finally, reduced to a soulless husk, clutching a battered gamepad, you will still find the energy to tap X to try again.  Just one more time.  And instantly regret it.Do I love Spelunky?  I certainly do.  Do I recommend you drown in the same river, born of my tears, that I've swum in?  No, I do not."
,Recommended,239350,30598262,Posted: 18 March,all,infraredgirl,Still playing the dailies even after 2 years. This one never gets boring.
,Recommended,239350,33137440,Posted: 2 July,all,Harikaerif,"This game's randomization system is so well done that even after dozens of hours of playing it feels fresh. This is an extraordinary platformer with tight controls, little to no bugs, great game design and appealing art style. It's a must try for every platformer/roguelike gamers out there.PS. Note that this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing challenging and sometimes even unfair. You will hate this game. Then you'll love it again. Then you'll hate it yet again and it'll go on like that... But in the end you'll have so much fun."
76561198062301817,Recommended,239350,23459641,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rhythm Raph,"The best Rogue-Like out there. Whereas other games of this genre are heavily based on seed, this one is (almost) entirely based on skills. It is very hard, especially at the beginning when you discover every items/enemys/traps and so on, but it is a very fair difficulty. It's also very fun to play with friend(s), even though they will probably be more of a drag than anything. The gameplay feels perfect, and after a few hours, you feel in perfect control. Every time you die, you know why. Every time you get hit, you can only blame yourself.Plus if you're into it, it is a very nice game to speedrun or to give yourself additional challenges (like doing a pacific run, a no-speed-button-run, a no-money run, etc). But you can also decide to play it casually, and it remains very fun and rich (which is more or less what I'm doing).Now, like every time I praise it, I need to go play it."
,Recommended,239350,32017678,Posted: 28 May,all,FireVisor,After having finally finished the final boss of the game after playing it for 140 hours I'm here to tell you this game is amazing. If you are a platform game veteran and craving a challenge; this is the game for you.
,Recommended,239350,8049299,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DoubleSpy,"In twenty-five years, when you think of classic video games, you'll think Spelunky. It is a fusion of the genre defining games of yester years, with mechanics and visuals that will stand the test of time. It's a simple concept. Get your character to the end of a level. What happens in between your starting point and exit are the moments that will have you yearning for just one more attempt. At first, the game is presented as a deep mystery, but after many trial and errors, you will slowly become the master of it's secrets.What initally feels like clumsy controls, and unfair gameplay eventually reveals itself to be much more than that. At your peak, you'll find yourself exploring the worlds randomly generated caves with precision, all well collecting gems as if you were pac-man. Completing the game is a hurdle in itself. But once you do, you'll only discover that there are more mysteries in the world of Spelunky.This games magnum opus though comes from what at first glance seems to be unappealing and daunting. The daily challenge. Every player is given the same random world, with only one chance. Even once you've grown comfortable with Adventure mode and your skills as a spelunker, you suddenly have an audience, and your every move counts. There will be times you make mistakes from the desire of the seven sins, but you'll always have tomorrow to prove yourself again.There is no real way to explain Spelunky's tragicomedy nature, you just have to discover it for yourself. It is definitely the type of game you need to invest yourself in, or you'll find yourself empty handed and frustrated. There aren't many games that are collectively considered one of the greatest. Spelunky without a doubt, is one of them."
,Recommended,239350,26846849,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RibaldMarauder,This is my game of the forever. I've actually never beaten it. I put hundreds of hours in on Xbox 360. I don't care about beating it. The pure fun of playing it is enough for me. It controls perfectly and the way the systems combine are a joy to watch and interact with.
,Recommended,239350,23905510,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,halloweenie,Sometimes I want to gouge my eyes out... but other times I want to keep playing... and not a lot of games can do both at the same time.
,Recommended,239350,12534407,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,vacha,"I've somehow played well over 100 hours of Spelunky - and that's just on Steam. I've played it elsewhere, too. The game seems shallow at first, and almost pointless. Give it some time, though, and start to learn how to survive for longer than a couple of levels, and you'll see why it's so great. The controls are fantastic, which, once you get the feel for them, make getting to some of the secret areas easier. But death is always one stupid mistake away, and then you have to start all over. And death is funnier than it is frustrating, which is part of why I like it so much."
76561198000464258,Recommended,239350,23149211,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Duo34,"I hate this game, Highly reccomend."
,Not Recommended,239350,10009705,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,[MoS] Naelok,"I've banged my head against it for a while and just can't say that I really like this game.It's similar to Super Meat Boy, in that you can say that it's a skill based platform where most of your deaths are 'your fault' and you slowly build skills through trial and error to beat the game. But the question I ask, as an adult with limited free time, is this: Why are those skills that one would want to build up? What is it that makes it worth it?In a game like FTL you've got the overarching narrative of the rebellion to keep you hooked in, with a unique story path each time. This is just a vague 'let's explore a hole in the ground' storyline that isn't exactly compelling. There's no payoff other than a scoreboard and achievements. And that's not really enough for me.Small frustrations also are quite irritating. On three occasions, I've spawned in a level, heard an environmental explosion go off in the distance and had a shopkeeper or Kali shrine get caught in it and immediately blame me. Annoying.I certainly got a fair few hours out of it. But I'm just not having fun. So I can't really recommend it."
,Recommended,239350,31182923,Posted: 16 April,all,Morbid,"This game is hard as balls, but heres the thing: The level generator is so good, every time you die, it's always your fault."
76561198091523133,Recommended,239350,28903613,Posted: 1 January,all,ambenson,Dark souls is hard u say?!?! Hahahahahahahahahahahaha..........
76561198128234987,Recommended,239350,15680794,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Fred,"It doesn't matter how good you are.It doesn't matter how many hours you have in this game.It doesn't matter how many damsels you've saved.At any moment, anything, LITTERLY FLIPPING ANYTHING, can kill you.Time for you to start all over again..."
76561198076718892,Recommended,239350,15631905,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,name hard,"Playing Coop:""Oh, is that a giant pit with spikes at the bottom? Let me press X and whip you to your doom.""10/10 would shove a fork in friends eyes again."
,Recommended,239350,11296337,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Pitri,"Spelunky is a very hard game. The graphics are well made, the handling is great, the levels are randomly generated.The objectives in this game are simple: progress and survive until the end. But that's not as easy as it sounds. At the beginning you have 4HP and almost every mistake will cost you one or more health. There are a few possibilities to gain HP back, but that's not always that easy. And as almost every other game, this game gets harder, the more you progress.If you have no stamina, you will end up rage quitting the game. But if you try over and over again, you will succeed more and more. The first milestone will be finishing the game, the next will be finishing the game in one run. And there's more: plenty of secrets, hidden stages, neat interacting game mechanics and upgrades you can find or purchase in the shops.But beware of the shopkeepers...!"
,Recommended,239350,30891735,Posted: 1 April,all,methemonster,"After 200 hours, Spelunky still never bores. If you're looking for a incredibly difficult and skill-based rogue-like game with immense replayability, look no further. I cite beating King Yama in hell as one of my greatest achievments of all time, and with hard work and dedication, you can too. Seriously though, this game is worth every penny that you spend on it."
,Recommended,239350,27115176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JOSH,"The best rogue-lite game around.Challenging, charming, full of traps and suprises.And most of all - BLOODY ADDICTIVE."
,Recommended,239350,12380908,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BearZerk,HOW do I have 400 hours in this game? HOW!!!!Still a great bloody game though and highly replayable obviously with a great and still challenging learning curve! An Epic indie title that is one of the defining new wave of indie games
,Recommended,239350,8325885,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheSpyGamer,"I threw a rock at a bat and it bounced off a wall, killed the bat, and landed on my head, thus causing me injury. Then I ticked off a shopkeeper and he bounced around the room, popping buckshots in me as he flew. Lastly, I proceed to beat a damsel to death, because I wasn't sure how to escort her to the exit.It's gonna be a heck of a ride.(Great children's game, might I add.)"
76561198129006714,Recommended,239350,29774353,Posted: 7 February,all,Toni,It's a really simple time waster which is super easy to play and spiders won't fall from the ceilings to kill you and the Ice level is really easy too so don't worry about breaking a mouse or a few keyboards or enrolling in rehab or under suicide watch because this game is really fun and easy did I mention that it was easy because it is.9/10
,Recommended,239350,29471225,Posted: 24 January,all,necKro23,"One of my absolute all-time favorites.  How much is this my favorite?  Well, I pay a yearly subscription to Crossover just so I can run this on my Mac laptop (works great, for the record)...There isn't an ounce of fat on this game's design.  Every element is interconnected, everything has its place -- even little things like enemy blood droplets.  Every playthrough offers a brand-new challenge without feeling arbitrary or unfair.  The game's systems are complex enough that there's always a chance you'll see something different, or die horribly in a hilariously improbable new way.Lots of games have tried to do the roguelike-like thing since, but none do it quite as well.(Plus, the deathmatch mode is ridiculous with four players.)"
,Recommended,239350,9183481,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,GhostYy,"This game will consume your life.One more game. One more game. One more game...~[EDIT - 05/02/15] - I wrote this review around 50 hours into playing the game. As you can tell, over a 100 hours more have been sank into this game. But it's more than it was then, thanks to modders allowing potential multiplayer, level editors, dificulty editiors. I feel this game will continue to thrive and grow for much longer and is worth every penny. Check /r/Spelunky out if you do own it so you can see any developments and news."
,Recommended,239350,34820295,Posted: 8 September,all,Vanake14,Used a shortcut and got telefragged by a crocodile in 0.3 seconds.10/10
76561197977958843,Recommended,239350,15850814,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez [C137],"Fell from a great height onto a pagan altar.  Consumed in sacrifice to a dark god.10/10, would self-sacrifice again."
,Recommended,239350,7029569,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Samots,"One of the best games around, in fact the best indie game in my opinion , it's punishing but fun, every single person should experience Spelunky!"
,Recommended,239350,23138942,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,PCGNeurotic,"I love Spelunky. I find it to be hugely addictive, partly because it taps into the simple, colourful pleasures of the arcades and the 16-bit era of my youth, and partly because the game is so beautifully and precisely polished mechanically. But behind the simplicity and the chunky little graphics there lies a nest of evil and cunning, designed to torment your soul and turn your hands into sweating, controller-shaped claws. Each game of Spelunky is an exercise in unpredictability and randomness, and beating it does not mean that you have mastered it, or even really completed it, only that you beat it on that particular run. It’s OG gameplay in the old-skool playground, and your knees are going to get scraped.I would recommend this to anyone who likes games that are easy to pick up but hard to master. The different modes and randomisation mean that Spelunky has almost infinte replay value, and at 15 Euros you just can't argue with that."
76561198116144598,Recommended,239350,24972545,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kusu,"First playtrough after tutorial.Pick up a rock right after entrance.Throw it.Rock bounces of the wall, knocks me down.Fallen body activates trap, gets shot with arrow.Body falls below, becomes corpse.4 or 5 seconds.10\10"
,Recommended,239350,8597085,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,amarriner,"Spelunky is devious. Not because it's one of those ""hard indie platformers."" In fact, it's only superficially a ""hard indie platformer."" Through that lens, Spelunky begs to be played with the run button held down the entire time. However, until you've gained some experience with the game it's likely you won't progress very far until you slow down. Once that progression occurs, the game's secrets begin to open up little by little. There's so much to uncover and unearth here and nothing really holding your hand telling you how to find it.There's a constant sense of adventure and exploration because of the superbly psuedo-random levels. Even after seeing all there is to see and after countless runs, the game is still challenging and fresh.This is a fantastic game. Anyone who enjoys difficult platformers, roguelike-like games, and/or games themed around Indiana Jones owes it to themselves to give Spelunky a look."
,Recommended,239350,16519219,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kyoki,"I'll start off with something basic before my opinion on the game: If you do not like challenging games that test your ability to learn and adapt to situations then don't buy this game. 99% of negative reviews are just complaining that it is a difficult game or that there is a timer for each level, often times these people have less than 2 hours in game, which is what I believe is the time needed to really start to feel comfortable and progress.On to my own opinion of the game: Spelunky is easily one of the most challenging game I've played, you will die random deaths from very small mistakes and rage constantly at the beginning. But if you like the challenge of mastering character mechanics and learning how to survive in tough situations then this game is perfect for you. I'll break down the very basics of each ""category"" to games.Visual/hearing: You'll probably know if you'll like the graphics based on the pictures above but what suprised me was the games fluidity. It never lags and everything just runs smoothly into itself. The music is fun and adventurous which fits the game perfectly.Controls: I use an x-box controller which I recommend highly. The controls are easy to learn but hard to master. Their are small quirks and tricks that you figure out for yourself as you progress.Gameplay: There are many different paths you can use to be succesfull in this game. There are plenty of items to choose from and with the randomization you'll never have the same experience. The game is extremely hard so unless you want to spend at least 2 hours or so getting good enough to relax a bit this might not be for you.Overall this game is amazing. People's only turn off is the difficulty and timer but thats the point of the game. Plus the payoff is great once you reach new levels, just like beating a boss in dark souls haha."
76561198082530277,Recommended,239350,29447568,Posted: 23 January,all,trentiscoool,"This game ruined gaming for me.  Now everything I try to play has to live up to this.  I've but so many hours into it and it still hasn't got old.  For me at this point it's a lot like Tetris - I just hold the controller in my hand and press buttons to kill time or while I'm listening to a podcast.  Probably my favourite game of all time, or at least it's up there."
,Recommended,239350,33074623,Posted: 1 July,all,Qeaman,"When you die""I HATE THIS GAME""5 minutes later""1 MORE TRY""It's A love-hate relationship game. You hate it, but u keep coming back for more"
,Recommended,239350,29381819,Posted: 20 January,all,Palpz,"Spelunky is addictive as hell; hard as hell too. It is undoubtedly the most polished indie game I've ever played, and I've certainly played the hell out of it. It's fun as hell when it's fun, and frustrating as heck when it's not. Although I swear I'm actually getting worse as time goes on."
,Recommended,239350,24005191,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ｍєн.,"Let's say you fit into some of following traits or characteristics,ImpatientEasily FrustratedWinning orientatedHate restarting/ No evident progression.Let's just say if your going to win at spelunky then it will take TIME, you will not always WIN, you will have to RESTART a lot without much EVIDENT PROGRESSION besides your journal/ knowledge of the game and this game is FRUSTRATING at times due to going to fast or IMPATIENCE. If you feel like you can handle this then keep reading.Spelunky allows you to go fast but becomes much more difficult if you do. For exampleSee all these people complaining about getting hit by, say a dart trap off the screen? if you play slower you can see the dart trap before it fires and same goes for many of these complaints frequently seen including most enimies.Falling on spikes/traps, look where you're going or use your ropes and bombs givin to you to help navigate the levelRunning into enimies, sounds dumb and easily avoidable but considering what I said earlier and the skeletons that look just like skulls in the landscape AND traps, I can almost guarantee you will run into stuff and get hurt, possibly knocked into more danger (or a spike) that led to your death.Although, the player can't be blammed for everything some things that the game could improve on are:-The story, Pretty meh I don't care that much (See what I did there) look at my name if you didn't) My name is Meh.)-Wall hanging/ attacking, I die frequently due to accidently hanging on walls or attacking in the wrong direction EVEN THOUGH I SWEAR I TURNED AROUND but this is probably just me being inexperienced with the game- Shop keeper issues, Although I have not experienced this my self there are many ways a shop keeper can be unfairly angered, all of these ways involve an enemy hitting a shopkeeper even when the player has not interfered with the enemies AI or even seen the enemy or shopkeeperresulting in a very angry old man and usually the players deathShould have never angered that shopkeeperWAIT I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING STUPID GAMEdespite saying this I'm sure this is fairly uncommon.- Co-op, The camera is a nightmare and there is no online co-op but there isn't many other problems- I probably missed something so look at some more reviews but these are all my issuesNOW ON TO THE PART WHERE I SUCK ON THIS GAMES LONG BUTTERSCOTCH CANDYso tl;drSpelunky is a fantastic roguelike with many original elements combined with great platforming, it is very difficult and challenging allowing for many hours of gameplay (Much more then my current amount). On top of that the game being randomly generated adds variety to the experience and the secrets/achievements/journal  that will keep you playing even after you think you have done everything. Although the game has it's problems they are compensated for in the gameplay, looks, difficulty, awesome items, maps and traps this game entails. I bought this game for the low low price of $3 and I would reccomend buying it even at it's full price of $15.Buy this game"
,Recommended,239350,33800664,Posted: 25 July,all,Hoony,"Many critics claim that the best game of all time is Super Mario Bros. 2, but I always disagreed.Personally, my favorite game was Knack 2. I have defended it and praised it with a burning passion for years.However, this all changed once I played this game. Spelunky is a masterpiece.Every time I think of it it brings a tear to my eye. I recommend it to anyone who loves the beautiful things in life, as long as you aren'ta ♥♥♥♥ing lightweight."
,Recommended,239350,9132582,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,HalfSquirrel,"Never played a game quite like it myself, the mechanics are all quite good and it's really fun to play. Although it does have some flaws (can only use keyboard or XBox controller, can be kinda inconvenient. And some other things), it was really fun to play even though I sucked utterly at it. It kept me going for the 123 hours I have in the game, and I haven't gotten far into the temple which I've only made it to twice or so. Good luck trying to beat this game, and I'm sure it's extremely satisfying even though I haven't made it their myself. I would be so relieved if I made it there though. With the added competition of Daily Challenge, which are pretty fun to compete against friends in although you're all in separate worlds, the game reaches a new level of depth and makes it more of a community game than just a solo game. The one thing I'm waiting for in this game is online multiplayer, probably through steam, so you can actually play with your friends and beat the game together."
,Recommended,239350,9701135,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,go in the cave and find your dad or something. i thought this was tomb raider
,Recommended,239350,27745423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hyetal,"One of my all-time favorites. There's so much to say about the mechanical depth in this game, I wouldn't know where to start. The consistent interplay between environment, monster(s), and player is just so good. Procedural generation serves the design, rather than used as a crutch to arbitrarily pad playtime.I'll say it can take some *time* for this junk to even begin sinking in. Forming muscle memory, making habit out of the dozens of different techniques, and depending on how it strikes you, it's possible you'll never get there, but if you do... There's very little like it in games, at least not with this kind of polish.s'real good"
,Recommended,239350,16154658,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RedMex,"Pros+ Hard+ Random levels generation+ Items+ Achievements difficulty+ Number of characters unlockableCons- 60 FPS Cap- Not enough items- No remote multiplayer, only local. Why? :(VerdictWould die again"
76561198029476875,Recommended,239350,28550113,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Avid,I played over 1000 lives in the free version back in the day. This is better.
,Recommended,239350,31370805,Posted: 25 April,all,Chessdragon,One of the best games I have played. I bought and gifted 4 other copies because I liked it so much.
,Recommended,239350,33662313,Posted: 19 July,all,Vodkaffee,"Spelunky is for me the definitive rogue-like experience, I specially love it being a platformer and so amazingly brutal if you are not paying attention.Every new run feels like a totally different and exciting adventure, real challenges both mechanical and logical are presented to you all the time thanks to the randomizer.And you have so much to discover, hidden levels, unlockable characters, secret uses for items, etc.Be ready to die, a lot, but in a good dark souls-like way, you never feel the game is being unfair, if you die, 90% of the time is because you weren't careful enough."
,Recommended,239350,24354500,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"Spelunky it's a random platformer game, always changing I guess it's also rogue type, none the less I've loved each second on it, it's fun to explore and think how to get out alive to the next level, it also has a lot of Mayan stuff references, as I live in Mexico that's a plus for me."
76561198100896402,Recommended,239350,14634344,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SoijaJorma3000,"Passed it after 77 hours and 570 tries.It's a game that makes you cry but you can't cry because it's your own fault every time, and eventually you start to hate yourself and/because you can't live without the game. It's like drug addiction.10/10 would bang my head against the wall again"
76561197973391028,Recommended,239350,30722832,Posted: 25 March,all,Flash`,"Even after so many months I still play this game every week (and at times daily). One of the best, hardest, love / hate game I have ever played. Unforgiving when you make a mistake, but you only have yourself to blame. A nice touch is the multiplayer with friends on the couch, it's hilarious and chaos, guaranteed fun!"
76561197985072747,Recommended,239350,7866150,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,Rogue-Like game. You are an explorer and need to make use of things you find like bombs and ropes conservatively. The game is fun and challenging in equal measure. You can alos play local co-op. Well worth a look if on sale.Main Criticism - No online co-op
,Recommended,239350,9050972,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,corrosivefrost,Spelunky does for convenience store robbery simulators what Grand Theft Auto III did for murder simulators.
,Recommended,239350,29250367,Posted: 14 January,all,Samork,"I refunded the game out of sheer frustration. Now I bought it again. Cause Im dumb. Its a great game though. Once you get better at it, everything gets awesome."
,Recommended,239350,16225802,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Booty Lord,bro loading into this game was the best experience in the world like i straight up busted a nut when the main menu music started. i kind of had to sit there for a while to soak in the harmony. like remember when you first logged into runescape and went through Tutorial Island and listened to the trumpet in Newbie Melody blast in your ear as you learned how to cut wood and kill rats then spawning into lumby castle and listening to Harmony caress your inner ear damn but yeah this game is hella tight you should get it
,Recommended,239350,8171370,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,bleep,"Spelunky is a game where everything it sets out to do feels accomplished, and then some.  The randomly generated level layouts are always possible to navigate, and allows for varying levels of challenge all within a single stage.Speaking of challenge, Spelunky has aLOTof it.  However the challenge is never done in a way to where it's unfair.  If you ignore the occasional damsel spawning in front of a spike trap, or a guy with a projectile being a couple feet away from you at the start of the level.Spelunky does ""risk versus reward"" extremely well.  The better the payoff, the more difficult a task will be to accomplish.  Using your best judgement, taking things slowly, and really thinking about the risks involved with every tasks are musts if you hope to beat the game even once.Though it only has a few stages, Spelunky offers countless hours of gameplay.  The only thing I wish the game offered is online multiplayer, but the single player experience is more than enough to make Spelunky an almost flawless game.If you enjoy platformers, or just a good challenge, I would highly recommend Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,30109781,Posted: 22 February,all,Giden,"I bought this game in June of 2016 and only today did I get the last achievement I needed (the collect no money in a run one). This game is the typical roguelike: when you start, you'll die to stupid stuff like spikes and spiders, and then when you first get to the next area you'll die some more. Just like a typical roguelike, Spelunky forces you to improve your abilities otherwise you'll never beat it, which I'm fond of. This game has made me the most aggressive of any game I've played, and there have been times when I've wanted to do a flip off a tall building after dying stupidly in a run. Despite this, I have to recommend Spelunky because the satisfaction of beating it for the first time is unparalleled.Positives-16 main stages-Xbox controller is compatible (no third-party program needed)-alternate stages/optional ""harder"" ending to the game-large enemy and playable character variety-item variety-great replayability-soundtrack (except for the enraged shopkeeper theme urgh)-graphically sound (a lot better than the freeware version at least)-plasma gun that destroys everything you've ever loved-you can learn to hate yourself through extreme rage and self pityNegatives-Keyboard controls are clunky"
76561198075693310,Recommended,239350,10751408,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,evilmnky,"The cartoonish graphics conceal the true complexities of this game. You will die. A lot. This is a life lesson in how to cope with failure, and how to pick yourself up to start all over again. I am better for having learnt this."
,Recommended,239350,10077423,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,One hell of a brilliant game. Don't cry and peel this onion.
,Recommended,239350,30325715,Posted: 4 March,all,Number,Favourite Rouge-Like game to date.
,Recommended,239350,8039935,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,MarcoDeGammo,"You will probably never yell ""F***!"" more at your screen more than playing this game.But every time you die its your own damn fault. So you're really yelling ""F***!"" at how stupid you are and how you suck at the game. There are few things in this world that can make you feel as good at being crappy as this. Every time you die your start over at the beginning and hype yourself back up like it's going to go differently this time. It doesnt, but it's nice to dream.Remember you're doing it to yourself."
76561198114471082,Recommended,239350,10312126,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,karsto,This game is fun but almost impossible. I still have not beat the first level. If your looking for a challenging platformer this is the game you need.
,Recommended,239350,9686808,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Jakebob-Smegheneghan,"So, d'ya like platformers? D'ya like roguelikes? D'ya like vague history? Cause buddy, this game has it all!Starting out as a freeware game (still available to download), Spelunky looked like a more colourful NES game, having a lo-res style. The premise was simple: collect money in a randomly-generated cave and don't die. Between you and victory stood monsters, traps, and ornery shopkeepers. Whilst the HD version is superior, the regular version has some differences that make it worth playing at least once.The Steam version is a lot more fun to play. There's multiple unlockable characters to find, each separated only by how they look. You won't be forced to choose one character because they get more bombs or anything - everyone is the same apart for how they look. Spelunky also offers several bonus levels for people who can figure out how to access them, as well as wondrous prizes and weapons for anyone that can survive them. A lot of the things you can find in the stages are linked to different historical periods (mainly Egyptian, but there's also Mesopotamian and Chinese beings appearing in the game)And if you don't like how things look in the game? Mod it! Find a sprite sheet, or make your own, and you can play as whoever you want! You wanna be Mario? You can be Mario! You wanna be Solaire of Astora? Someone's put up a sprite sheet for that already! You can even replace one skin so that in-game, your charactersparkles!There's also local multiplayer you can play with friends! Play through the adventure mode to teach those monsters who's boss, or play Deathmatch to see who's the TRUE king of Spelunky! Daily Challenges help to keep you sharp at the game whilst also letting you see who's the best at a specific level seed, and the achievements can give you ideas of what to do if merely beating the game isn't enough for you.Just remember: this is a roguelike game, so expect to die. A lot. The game will only go easy on you once, and that's in the mandatory tutorial. After that, you're getting the same treatment as everyone else. And if you can meet the challenge, you'll be handsomely rewarded.Get this game!"
76561198041647688,Recommended,239350,30857113,Posted: 31 March,all,'mitzu,"Truly one of the best indie games ever, fun alone, even more fun with friends. This is actually the perfect couch co-op game. Grab some beer with your friends and whip each other to spikes and tiki traps, get sacrificed to Kali by accident and die to shopkeepers while laughing your asses off!"
,Recommended,239350,33962171,Posted: 1 August,all,Chief Queef,I am terrible at this game. I will never get past the jungle. I love this game and highly recommend it.
,Recommended,239350,34178457,Posted: 11 August,all,Gonzalos,"What isSpelunky?Spelunky is a roguelike dungeon exploration game that is very difficult. Your character must work his/her way down to the bottom of the dungeon to defeat the boss whilst also collecting as much gold and killing as many enemies as possible.The StoryNot really any story in Spelunky other than what is described in a few ""cutscenes"" and whatever else you can read in your journal. The main experience is in the story you find yourself along the way to your final destination.GameplayThe gameplay is the core of the game. It's fast, action-packed spree to get as many items as possible before escaping to the exit. This game is easy to learn but extremely difficult to master. The tutorial gives enough depth into what you'll be doing throughout the game. You will definitely struggle your first 10-20 runs (you might die a lot in the first 1-2 levels), but the game's easy replay action makes you spring back into action to start your run over again. Your objective of the game is to reach the bottom of the dungeon and beat the boss. Along the way you have to collect item to improve your character and what it can do. There are many upgrades and only few ways to get it: Shops (the most common, but also difficult to get if you want to steal it), Crates (big dice roll for specific items), or in very specific locations such as certain knives and lazers.There are four main areas in Spelunky with some altnerative layers within these areas. These include: The Mines, The Jungle, The Ice Caverns and The Temple. Although every level is rather difficult, the variey of enemies and traps increases the further you go. Which is why you're encouraged to collect as many items as possible before you reach the harder levels as these items will make your experience easier. You have a very limited supply of items and damage points you can take each run; items will definitely improve your survivability. Things like weapons, jetpacks, ropes, bombs etc. will make you feel overpowered; however, you never are. As one wrong move can lead to your death, no matter how many good items you have.The DifficultyAs stated before, Spelunky is not an easy game; it's quite difficult even for the experienced players. This doesn't just come down to Randomly Spawning Levels either (these just make it so you don't feel like you're playing the same level over and over again), the enemies you encounter - although you can learn their patterns - will always remain a nuisance no matter where you encounter them. The further you progress, the more difficult the game becomes and the final level will really test your gameplay skills (no, it's not The Temple). The final level is an excellent challenge that will you make you excited for the final boss.Conclusion (TL;DR)Spelunky is a tough, yet enjoyable game with a good level of difficulty and depth to make a great experience.(I'm not going to rate the individuals of spelunky as it's not that fair).I rate spelunky overall an8.5/10"
,Recommended,239350,22334752,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,dbhammer,One of my favourite games. Excellent controls. The perfect balance between risk and reward - it's always a joy to explore the levels even when death is lurking around every corner.
,Recommended,239350,20146287,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Relsré,"Spelunky is a very simple concept at it's core...it's a 2D platformer, a hard-as-nails arcade adventure platformer. Spelunky takes this simple Indiana-Jones-ish concept and presents itnigh brilliantly. It is an easy to learn, hard to master (or even complete!) game.I personally love this game for itstight controls, and the fact that every delve into the mysterious caves is different...each level isprocedurally generated, and is done so in a way that isnavigable, unique, fair and exhilerating to delve intoalmost every time.It should be stressed though, that the game ischallenging, and can throw people off with its misleading learning curve. Spelunky is a permadeath game, and as much as the trailer and (adorable!) aesthetic gives the impression you're going to explore and take in many places at once, it's more likely that newcomers will spend a while fumbling in the Mines, befor they get to the different biomes.Fortunately Spelunky is easy to pick up, with its rather spartan control scheme. Aside from the standard directional movement, you have four other actions: Jump, Whip (or Action key, if you're holding an item), Throw Rope, and Throw Bomb. The controls are tight, polished and fair; challenge comes in how you deal with enemies, use your items, and navigate levels.One thing the trailer doesn't mention is the fact that each level, apart from the boss levels, implements a 'soft timer' of sorts -- a slow-moving instakill Ghost appears and chases you on the map after 2 mins and 30 seconds. I think the trailer is partly to blame for this, as this isn't a game where you can 'stop and smell the flowers'. I did mention that it is a 'soft timer' though -- you can easily dodge the Ghost if you've got the platforming chops. The Ghost isn't that much of a deterrent as some other reviewers make it seem.If anything, the Ghost teaches us that we mustvalue our time; Spelunky isn't a game about collecting everything, all the gold...because really,you don't need to! No, Spelunky is a game that teaches us to make the best out of every situation. Once you know that, Spelunky is your oyster! Although a seemingly simple platformer, Spelunky hides many secrets: you can find guns that shoot Plasma blasts -- levels inside of a huge subterranean worm...and oh yes, how aboutHell itself? As the trailer suggests, there is so much to explore!Not to mention, the mechanics of this game don't only affect the player; everything is designed to interact intricately with each other. See that Snake slithering past an arrow trap? BOOM, it's now a shower of blood. That lava pot in the Jungle? You can pick it up, but don't spill it...a Lava Man will arise, mindlessly burning both you and your primitive cousins. That podium of gore that is Kali's sacrificial altar? Better not fall stunned onto it...or hey, experiment and see what happens! It's amazing the amount of things you can do inside Spelunky.More of an Achiever? The game offers a 'Daily Challenge' mode too: once a day, you can play through the same level layouts, or 'seed' as others -- you've got one shot at it, and once you've died (or survived!) your score (money) and level at which you died at will be ranked with other players who played the same 'seed' on a leaderboard. Very neat feature to see how well you're doing, and there's still a steady audience playing through those. Steam Achievements are here too...good luck getting all of them, they'renoteasy to obtain! ..and not in the traditional 'die 1000 times to a Snake' either. Most of these, such as picking up no gold at all, or saving 8 Damsels in one delve, require real skill to obtain.Oh yes, did I mention multiplayer? Yes, you can explore the depths with up to 4 of your friends! Friendly Fire is present though, so do actually respect each other for once...or not~! There's also a Deathmatch mode, where you can pit your platforming skills against each other and toy with a variety of items and settings -- it's great fun too....hey, maybe you and/or some of your buddies aren't feeling up to the challenge of Spelunky...and that's okay. I, in my very humble opinion, think Spelunky is one of the best games ever. To me, my many deaths are part of the experience. Spelunky teaches you toenjoy, and relishthe journey more than the destination: to appreciate the variety of lush environments and situations the game presents, as well as your own platforming mastery. When you finally manage to survive and return from the caverns alive, for the first time...oh, what an amazing feeling that will be, you've come so far!I'm rambling, aren't I. Thank you for reading this far. Up to the challenge? Try it!...Maybe, just maybe, you'll like it too. :)"
,Recommended,239350,23875206,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Maspital[GER],"So i saw this game and thought ""yeah i played Tboi + Rebirth on 100% (without Afterbirth tho :P ) and loved it, this looks similar so why dont just try it when its on sail"".In my opinion it's even better than Tboi and most other Rogue-like games i've played, but since i ""only"" played ~20 hours i will just summarise my first impression here:+It's difficult. Seriously. One small mistake and you might be dead. Permadeath gg. Some people may not like this feature, but for me it creates tension throughout the entire run+The seed aka the randomly generated world isnt the most important thing, skill matters a lot more+I like the art style :P+You can really ""feel"" the learning curve. I  struggled when getting through the 1st area during my first few hours, now it's a lot better (easy to learn - hard to master blabla you get the point)+I also like the music :T+A lot of stuff to discover+And a ♥♥♥♥♥on of eastereggs-Could have some more soundtracks-Sometimes it gets reeaally unfair and frustrating, you get rekt without being able to do much :P on the other hand its probably possible to avoid those situations too, you just need experience-No real storyUh yeah, that's it I guess. If you are a fan of Permadeath games you will enjoy this one. I do at least ^^"
,Recommended,239350,8620270,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aaron,"Well, even though I didn't beat Spelunky yet (defeating King Yama is my definition of beating it), but I don't think I'll ever be in a better position to talk about this. Let me start off by telling you that Spelunky is frustrating. Really frustrating. Extremely frustrating. I'm serious, this game WILL make you mad. This game isn't fair either, it has things that pop up out of nowhere and kill you, it has traps that you cannot get past, it has enemies placed so dreadfully annoyingly that it makes you want to cry. But, it also has adventure. No matter how many times I failed, how angry I got, how unfair this game was, I came back. I wanted, no, I needed to beat this game. I came back time and time again, mostly minutes after ragequitting, to beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a boss and claim victory. This game is luring like that. At the moment, after 30+ hours of struggling, I have finally defeated Olmec, the first boss. I haven't really done anything worth mentioning beside that, but that was an accomplishment of sizes unheard of. I never really feel proud when I beat a game, but holy hell was I proud when I stomped that Olmec. That was truly hard, and it takes pure skill, experience and a controller to pull off. No seriously get a controller for this, you will not enjoy playing without one, I guarantee it. Anyways, here's my signature point-based review to explain more clearly why this game is amazing, and why it's a piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥+It's devilishly addictive. Now I never get hooked on any 'addictive' game ever (I usually think they are♥♥♥♥♥♥ like Angry Birds), but I am hooked on this. Now that Olmec is actually dead, which took over 30 hours to accomplish, I still have much harder objectives left. Like reaching the City of Gold or killing Yama, to mention a few. So it even hooks players who are not into 'addictive' games.+It's an adventure in every sense of the word. Seeing what the next level is like is a crazy exciting and discovering one of the million billion secrets is pure awesome. It's India Jones-esque. There is adventure in every corner. I suggest not watching playthroughs or tips and tricks untill you beat Olmec because that doesn't really need hints, and figuring things out for yourself is crazy fun. All those secrets and everything are awesome. After beating Olmec you'll need every tip you can get, and watching playthroughs is a good way to see what you missed. But this adventuring is fun. Do a lot of it before spoiling the game for yourself.-It's hard, and not in a fun way. This game does not like you, at all. You will die a million times because of stupid things you didn't even know, and especially when you just got that rare item you never get you'll die because you don't know how it works. Spelunky has over a million different ways to die, and when you want to avoid dying, you need to know every single danger at effect from any item/enemy in the game. And knowing everything you shouldn't do takes a lot of doing things you shouldn't do. Just try and remember that every time you die, you learned that you shouldn't do that particular thing and next time, you may avoid that mistake and get further. It takes hours of experience and a million deaths to beat this game, keep that in mind. Every death is a step closer to the end.+It's easy to sneak a run inbetween things. Your typical Spelunky run at my level takes about 15 minutes, but even beating the game shouldn't take much longer than half an hour, which makes it really easy to 'just try once more'. Of course you always end up playing for hours on end, then ragequitting and then immediatly picking it up again to try again. But the point is that, would you have to wait for about half an hour, you could boot this ol' gem up instead of boring yourself because a DOTA 2/LoL match takes too long to sneak in there.-Spelunky is forged in the pits of hell by evil trolls that feed on the tears of mortals.+Killing a boss is the best thing ever. It is. You will not comprehend how proud I was after beating Olmec, and that was only the beginning. The thing about Spelunky is that every death makes you want to beat it more. And after dying a billion times, I felt the feeling of beating a billion games all at once. It is awesome. So ♥♥♥♥ing soothing. For a few hours after beating this game, nothing matters. All is right because you beat Spelunky. I can only imagine what defeating Yama feels like. Just, awesome. It's what you play for, the feeling of beating it. It almost makes up for all the frustration caused by dying.In total, I don't even know if I like Spelunky, but it sure is worth experiencing. Probably the game that left the biggest impression on me after Super Mario 64. Spelunky is, in one word, majestic."
,Recommended,239350,8558671,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Hectic,"Endless adventure, endless exploration, endless challenge. I literally cannot stop playing this game, at 750 hours and counting I couldn't recommend the game more to anybody who reads this review. Sure, it's not a perfect game, but its possibly the best i've ever played."
,Recommended,239350,7855061,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Gativrek,"Spelunky a rogue-like platformer, where the player traverses through the underground, fighting the dangerous wildlife, avoiding traps that were set up by someone and collecting gold to bring home. The game has randomly generated caves, so every time you try the game again, it will be different, with the exception of the daily, where everyone plays the same cave within 24 hours to see who gets the most gold or the fastest time.The controls are simplistic, having a simple attack, that can be upgraded by obtaining guns. Most of the gameplay is looking for gold to spend at stores, to get better equipment and getting further down. The arsenal is pretty decent, ranging from freezing guns, to shotguns, and plasma cannons. There are also passives, like climbing gloves, jetpacks, and others.There are 3 resources that need to be managed: Health, bombs and ropes. Ropes and bombs can be obtained by bags and crates, and health can be obtained by rescuing a damsel (that can be a girl, guy or a dog) and bringing them to the level exit. The shops usually have 4 items that you can buy or steal, considering that the shopkeeper will seek revenge through the whole game if you steal his items.Whilst the game is extremely difficult, it is very fun and rewarding. It has great replay value and has tons of secrets that can let the player play it for around 150 hours. Definately worth it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,239350,27908161,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vaelsh,"This game is the literal definition of a gaming masterpiece. Every time you play, it's just as fun as the first time. The platforming and controls are spot on and perfected to a tee. The more you play, the more fun it gets. It has awesome replayability with the inclusion of the daily challenge that challenges you to get as far as possible and get the highest score you can. I cannot say enough great things about this game. Great art, music, animation, environments and concept. This is one of the most perfect games I have ever had the privelege of playing. Go buy it now. Right now!"
,Recommended,239350,8403034,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LiBrizzi,"Buy this game also, or I will, as expected, pimpslap the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Also Monty is love, Monty is life"
,Recommended,239350,30089308,Posted: 21 February,all,TheBloodySickle,"This is a great game. I have played over a thousand hours and still find new things to do and play. I have gifted this game to two of my friends, they enjoy it too. Would I buy this game for 15 dollars? No, but on sale this game should definitely be picked up. This game will have you playing several hundred hours, at least. This game is a definite 10/10 you should play it."
76561198151577312,Recommended,239350,17904215,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mithalan Mithrarin,"First played this when it was simple freeware with no Hell levels, and it has only gotten harder with its upgrading.This game will drive you insane and make you hate everything on God's green Earth.10/10 would die by shopkeepers again."
,Recommended,239350,9707394,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,/ˈbaɪt/,"I've been addicted to Spelunky for the past weeks. It's the one game I keep failing at, yet keep coming back for more. It's an absolute blast to play, but very unforgiving. Brace yourself for one of the toughest Indies you'll ever play. Every mistake you make will most likely result in failure, but at least death doesn't feel cheap. Instead, you start to learn from mistakes and improve your skills. It's not easy to finish, but man, does it feel rewarding.Randomly generated levels will make sure the game never feels repetitive, even after multiple playthroughs.Want a challenge? Fun? Look no further, as Spelunky might just be the perfect game for you. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,239350,32550862,Posted: 18 June,all,Chrismas95,"I love Spelunky.Spelunky is a platformer where you start at the top of a level and have to weave your way down to the bottom to reach the exit. There are four worlds per level with up to 5 worlds (not counting sub-areas). That seems rather short, but that’s because Spelunky is all about replaying it. This game is hard. Real hard. With only four starting health, 4 bombs, and four ropes to start with, you have to avoid hazards like spikes and a bunch of different enemies with varying behaviors. And once you die, you start back at World 1 Level 1. I’ve played this game for quite a while and still can’t beat it beyond semi-consistency. But striving to make it past your farthest run that session, let alone striving to beat the game, is part of the fun. You may be turned off by the difficulty and dying on the first world a bunch, but that’s just a part of the process and nothing to worry about.Spelunky isn’t just about exploring caves as an explorer. A whole part of the game is just exploring the game itself as the player. As mentioned before, each world has its own enemies that you have to learn so that you don’t die to them. There are plenty of items besides ropes and bombs (from shoes that make you jump higher to explosive laser cannons) to learn how to use to defeat enemies and navigate levels efficiently. All of the layouts and item/enemy placements are generated randomly, so you really have to know your stuff to get through them. You can kill Shopkeepers for their items, but then the rest of the levels have them hunting you. The fifth world of the game requires you to look around world 1 for a key and a chest, look around world 2 for a hidden entrance to the Black Market, look around world 3 for a statue, look around world 4 for a specific enemy then an entrance to the City of Gold, then use the item you get in the City of Gold during the “final” boss fight just to reach the world…then you have to learn everything in that world if you can manage to do all of that to reach it.With the game’s random generation, difficulty, strategy (“Do I use a bomb/rope to get this or save it?” or “Do I risk the jump?”), and multiple ways to play (aiming for sub areas, aiming for world 5, killing shopkeepers), it remains amazingly fun and challenging no matter how much time you put into it. I really cannot recommend Spelunky enough if you don’t think the difficulty will discourage you."
76561198040337255,Recommended,239350,9627333,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,__,"Bombin, ropin, explorin caves,Sound pretty rad? This the game that you'll crave.Killin little bats, and dodgin little traps,Prepare thy♥♥♥♥♥♥ for Spelunky n' the Spelunk RAP.Fist full o' dirt, pocket full o' gems,Praying to Yama that you'll make it to the end.Hey hold up, low on cash?Might not wanna steal, take a shotgun up your♥♥♥♥♥Keep on diggin and breakin those POTS,Gotta make a choice 'tween the key and the ROCK.Spiders, Yetis, Piranhas OH MY!Yellow road's tough to trot when you DIE DIE DIE.All in all, a solid gameKeeps thing fresh with no level the same.Yeah it's tough, and so what?5 outta 5, grow some nuts."
,Recommended,239350,8306903,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Schnitzelfee,"This game is like digital crack, addictive and deadly.It combines the best parts of Super Mario, Rick Dangerous and Rouge-Likes to something truly special.Probably one of the best games of all time!!!"
,Recommended,239350,7472130,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,PinkTeddy,"This is an excellent game that is rewarding and challenging and infinitely replayable. The levels are randomly generated and the gameplay is always pretty fair. The art is beautiful and everything works like it should. Just watch a youtube video if you're not sure.  But I can't recommend this game more highly. It is my favorite cave-themed indie game. Below is an attempt to capture the gameplay-generated storytelling that will be unique to every run you make.Journal Entry for the Daily Challenge, dated October 25:What began as an omen for failure left me with an arrow head and the fangs of a bat embedded into my flesh before even reaching the second floor of the mines. I hastily bought everything I could from the short-tempered shopkeep that awaited my arrival. I searched in desparation for the pug that I had affectionately named Bread in the hopes that a kiss could boost my morale and keep me going, but to no avail. I finally reached a lush jungle filled with new and deadly obsticles. A udjat trinket that I had in my possession drew me closer to a wall covered in moss and vines. I placed my last bomb against the soil and a secret passage was revealed to me. I cautiously entered to find an illegal den of shopkeeper peddling their wares. Due to my moral compass, and perhaps because they had a lot of cool stuff I couldn't afford, I took a boomerang from one of the natives and killed every last thing that moved. Covered in blood I left the jungle, flying around with my newly acquired jetpack. In the ice caves I came across a giant blue head. An item I picked up in the jungle glowed gently. I knew that I had to die. I managed to crush myself under the weight of a falling platform, which unbeknownst to me at the time, exploded my jet pack and killed me instantly. I awoke inside the blue head and possessed a stylish new hat for my sacrifice. I felt refreshed, but devastated that I no longer possessed my jetpack. Into the temple I continued. A jackel-headed god felt the wrath of my recently acquired shotgun, and I took a shiny new trinket for my troubles. My attachment didn't last, as the trinket was a key to the fabled City of Gold. Everything around me shone brilliantly, though I couldn't lose sight of my task. I had few bombs and a tattered book of human flesh was the only treasure I sought from this place. I swiped it up to discover that the jacket-headed god had returned. Again they were no match for my shotgun. I left this place of wonder, knowing that it was only a distraction. I cautiously creeped into the next room. A cult was worshipping a statue of the great Omec. Before I could try anything the statue burst to life and crushed those around it. Before me stood the mighty Olmec. I climbed up high to safety and looked for things that might help my survival. I whipped an old crate and found just what I needed. The mightly Olmec was no match for my mattock! I dug a hole down straight down to lava. Olmec followed me, trying to crush me under its weight. But Olmec was too predictable. I stepped to the side and it fell down into the lava below. The exit was to my right. I knew that I had succeeded. But instead of leaving I jumped onto its head and rode my way to another door. The book I had acquired gnawed at my fingers in warning, but I could not be assuaged. It was hot. I knew why I gave my life to the Moai head in the ice caves. Because only the dead could descend down into hell. I had three bombs, too many ropes, and not enough health. I needed more items. I used my final bombs to kill the ancient vampire Vlad, so I could take their cape and amulet. To my surprise the shopkeepers had followed me into hell. But I suppose where else would they have gone? I could hear the booming of Yama, king of the underworld. I was so close. I would be remembered as a hero. But with Vlad's cape I wasn't able to get out of a hole I had fallen into quick enough. Two vampires dove in after me and ended my journey.Journal entry for the Daily Challenge, dated October 24:What began as a...♥♥♥♥♥♥ I landed on spikes."
,Recommended,239350,8152998,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,theSchäp,"Your first dive into the mines of Spelunky will likely be short, but you will learn something. Many attempts later you will realize you hate this game, and yourself, but you will have learned much. Countless attempts more and you will realize you were going about it all wrong. This isn't the game you thought it was. There is so much more here to discover, and master. You will look back on your trials and realize this is a completely different game. The risks ARE the rewards, and true mastery is required to reap it all."
,Recommended,239350,7847170,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,a sated bird that looks to the f,'spelunky' sounds kind of like a big solid turd landing right in the middle of the toilet water and splashign your♥♥♥♥♥ you know the type.
,Recommended,239350,33480659,Posted: 12 July,all,Spooky Doggo,"It offers good gameplay, but it is quite challenging, and you can't save your location. When you die, you die.If your up for that, then good luck!"
,Recommended,239350,9277210,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,...,The best thing since sliced bread!
,Recommended,239350,9783142,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Wungus Bringleton,"Spelunky is, in my personal opinion, the most addicting game in my expansive Steam library. Not unlike Super Meat Boy, the game manages to be incredibly clever with little to no writing. The creature design is charming, as are the enviroments. The game always left me eager to reach the next enviroment. But, most importantly, it's fun as hell. So buy it; it's only $15."
76561198048054884,Recommended,239350,17142294,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Tchesco,"Loot, die, repeat. A Incredibly hard game, but at the same time satisfactory.I would recommend it for anyone who is in need a challenging or 2D platformer game.Just don't anger the Shopkeeper."
76561198046174742,Recommended,239350,23140111,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Delverino,"When I first got this game I though that it would be like the other casual games I have sitting in my library that I played for 2 hours and then got tired of. Not this one. Spelunkey has the most replay value of any single player game I own, and thats not including the multiplayer portion. There is also multiplayer which is fun as well. In the beginning it will take everything you have to survive the first level and everything will seem completely random, which it is. As you progress, however, you will realize that there are patterns in the terrain and you will be able to start predicting where things will be. The game does a good job of giving you goals that you can meet with your skill level no matter where you are in it. First you will try to make tunnels and win that way. You will think that the temple is the hardest thing you have to face but getting there is a challenge in itself. When you beat the game using shortcuts you will then want to complete it without them. Then you will try to get to the 5th stage. I won't spoil it here but you can look it up if you're interested. I frequently play spelunky while listening to a podcast because once you get the hang of it you can do most of it automatically, but its still fun, and there are still challenges.Bottom line: get this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,239350,11716507,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Luoti-Lasse,Possibly the best video game.
,Recommended,239350,186234,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,The Rob,Dogs are stupid. Cats wouldn't jump 30 foot onto some spikes. Stupid dogs.
,Recommended,239350,35038857,Posted: 17 September,all,ҒLЄЄT ДDMIRAL GФЯSНKOV,"The Most Fun and Difficult Game I have ever Played,This is my all time favorite time-killer and gray hair spawner,If you really want a Challenge and you crave something with a Dark Souls level of difficultyI Strongly Advise That You Get This Game"
,Recommended,239350,7745333,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mr. Ostentatious,"Spelunky is endlessly engaging, replayable, and the perfect mix of skill and luck. Spelunky works so well because of it's unparraleled design. No death ever feels like your fault, it is always consistant to the rules it sets and deaths are always because you weren't able to deal with the situation set in place. When you die, it really is your fault and you can feel the consiquences. However, the moments where you succeed and overcome adversity are where Spleunky really shines. Only rouge-likes can really truly offer these accomplishments, and Spelunky a great embodiment of this. Spelunky is very difficult from when you first start out, however there is a really good sense of progression even with the great randomly generated levels. When you first make it out of the mines, you feel like a king, yet you die to a tiki trap one level in to the forest. It works very well, especially when player goals are met in a single beautiful run only to have yourself die and set new goals to meet. The decision to make the presentation cartoony and vibrant really also works well to create a good juxtaposition to this difficulty and it really makes you want to keep playing. Lastly, Spelunky should be commended on it's game feel. Everything looks and feels smooth and tactile; whipping has impact, enemy deaths feel satisfying, and taking damage has a real soulcrushing effect. It all leads back to the fact that Spelunky knows how a rouge-like should be designed. It has great adveristy for the player to over come, feels fresh and rewarding, and is simply a blast to play, regardless if you are doing terrible or terrific. Overall, Spelunky is likely the best rouge-like ever made and I greatly recommend it to fans of the genre and anyone even remotely intrested in it."
,Recommended,239350,22361021,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,friendly stranger,Harder than trying to finish Dark Souls with only one hand.10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,239350,8421779,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,diversity is white genoside,"Thought this game was going to be just some other generic indie garbage but this game is actually pretty fun. I'm glad I bought this game for peanuts. Think of it as pitfall combined with castlevania and bomberman. Programmers did a very good job and made an addictive, fun, and challenging game."
,Recommended,239350,32223684,Posted: 6 June,all,Haohmaru,"Steamworld Dig meets Binding of Isaac in the best possible way.( translation = platformers / roguelike with runs / maps randomly generated)This beauty is fun, feels smooth, challenging, enjoyable af.9.5/10"
,Recommended,239350,9228818,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Fonz,I hope Olmec-San crushes me today.~ (◕‿◕✿)
,Recommended,239350,16915615,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,comrade shiny ☭,"If you're having a heroin withdrawal, buy this game. It'll really help you get over it!If you're not having a heroin withdrawal, buy this game anyway!11/10"
,Recommended,239350,19275080,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,The Gemsbok,"This review recommends Mossmouth'sSpelunkyas one of the best-designed and best-executed 2-D platformer games of all time.[. . .] As it stands, I would not only concur thatSpelunkywas the best game released in 2013, but I would go yet further and say thatSpelunkyis one of the best games I have ever played. To explain why, I will now compareSpelunkyto the originalSuper Mario Bros.games. [. . .][Click here to continue reading this review]"
,Recommended,239350,12531572,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sam,This game is rapidly taking over my life.10/10
76561197970325692,Recommended,239350,12849620,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[LINUX] Rancor,For those who enjoy beginning from scratch.  Building a skill set slowly through failure after grueling failure.  Getting further than you ever have before and feeling the pressure of continuing on in the a malicious cave (or cavelike) area unknown to you fraught with myriad murderous villians the least of which will have you pulling your hair out continuously; or at least until you adapt.  Because that is what this game is about.  Adapting to each element put there to make you feel like you are very bad at video games indeed.  It is about the triumphs.  The moments you die and find yourself belting laughter.  The surprise that such a seemingly simple game can offer so much.  Play it.  It is worth the non-sale price.
76561197960388555,Recommended,239350,29079790,Posted: 6 January,all,Dev. Arno Dick,The best video game ever made
,Recommended,239350,8306923,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sai777,"I was sceptical before buying Spelunky, I had seen many of my favourite youtubers enjoy it immensely, so when the sale went up and the price dropped I took the plunge, and was very pleasantly surprised.It's a roguelike platformer etc etc, see below in official game description for all that jazz.There's a huge amount of replay value in Spelunky, and lots of great game design features, including many hidden paths to take, like the City of Gold, Mothership and Hell. The game is very skill based as well, i've been playing for a while now, and i've only made it to the Temple twice, watching more experienced players online you can tell it's much easier for them to progress, not easy by any measure, but easier certainly.I've played an awful lot of co-op as well, (local, as online/lan isn't availiable at this time) with my brother, I have to say it's a nice little addition, although harder and at times frustrating if you're seriously going for score or speed. You need to be able to communicate very well and also have the same play style to acheive anything, regardless it's a lot of fun.I have experienced some performance issues, especially at 1080p, I think by default the game is set to 720p, and I would stick to that. Any higher or if you're multitasking and there are some hefty and frequent drops in FPS, and I'm rocking a fairly beefy system i5 3570K & nVidia GTX 760.Other than that, it's a really, really solid game, and I would recommend it to anyone, especially at sale price, you'll definitely get your money's worth.-Stan"
,Recommended,239350,8243046,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,FASHION DADDY,"Well, playing Spelunky is like, for some, playing Solitarie: you can start or end whenever you want, always available in your spare time. Some moments you want to play for fun. In others, you want to play to kill time. And in everyone of those moments, you never get tired. It's quite the same game, but behaves a little different at what you usually expect in each play.It's the kind of game that suits every situation. I cannot measure how many hours I've spent playing the first free version that was made in Game Maker and then, this Xbox port. Never got tired and it never got old. Maybe the best indie game with the best replayability that I've had the pleasure to find and play."
76561198000989249,Recommended,239350,8294129,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Neradertu,Hard but fun.
,Recommended,239350,9776154,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ignitehawk,"I have logged only fourteen hours in this game at the moment, but I played hundreds of hours of the original Spelunky back in days of yore, and I am happy to report that the formula has remained the same while the game has greatly improved.And by ""improved,"" I don't just mean the gorgeous HD visuals. This game has gained some nice physics changes, a handful of cool items to discover, enemies to kill and be killed by, local multiplayer, and even extra zones that weren't in the original game - and all of them fit seamlessly into the package. If you played the original, the new game is still well worth it.To those of you who don't know this game, a word of warning: Spelunky is hard. It might make you shout obscenities at the screen. It might make you throw your controller in rage. It might make you consider how much happier you'd be if you just stopped. But as many times as it has frustrated me, I begrudgingly admit - the game is entirely fair. It gives you everything you need to win every time. If you fail, it is absolutely your own fault.You'll learn, though. Every death will teach you a new lesson, or remind you of one learned before, and will inch you closer to victory.If you enjoy a challenge, and you've grown tired of games with artificial difficulty where death is unexpected and unfair, and victory comes with abusing cheap tactics or grinding for ages or spending hours perfecting some skill, then Spelunky will be a breath of fresh air.I warn you again: It's not for the faint of heart... but for those who do enjoy the struggle, there's nothing quite like it."
76561198217713136,Recommended,239350,30419391,Posted: 9 March,all,Gandalf,Amazing game!! Used to play on Xbox one as backwards compatibility. Even better on PC though!
,Recommended,239350,29752385,Posted: 6 February,all,Rosa,"Nice little rogue like, perfect for a quick run between hours or before going to sleep.45/58"
76561198103431330,Recommended,239350,21381238,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,One of the BEST games in my library.
,Recommended,239350,12494005,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BASE,"Almost the perfect game...With endless replayability Spelunky is consistently challenging but rarely unfair, and shames current AAA titles with their endless focus on hyper realistic graphics and multiple game mode by being simple, focussed and brilliant at what it does.The Daily Challenge is just the icing on the cake. It forces you to get better at the game and you can feel that progress. It's completely satisfying and completely frustrating at the same time. The only game I can think of that had the same eye-popping frustration on death, followed  by instantly trying again and vowing to do better was the original Ninja Gaiden.It's only made better by the fact that it's not an Activision, EA or Ubisoft wallet gouging. It's a couple of guys who know what makes a game fantastic."
76561198139754603,Recommended,239350,25180607,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GrayCatGaming,"Right now, I love Spelunky. However, that's because I haven't played it yet today.After I have a few unsuccessful runs, I'll rage at Spelunky and regret that I gave it a positive review. But, when you're not dying Spelunky is a great game.Also, you have to spend a ton of time playing Spelunky to even get close to beating it."
,Recommended,239350,11227054,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Abradolf Lincler,Learn That Your Friends Can't Co-operate Simulator 2014
76561198088924660,Recommended,239350,8381797,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,PlagueRat,this game is really challenging in a good kind of way. randomly generated levels and items make each run a bit different from the last. death means starting over. learning from mistakes and getting further with each run is very satisfying.
,Recommended,239350,10008830,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Weaponized Cookie,"A very unforgiving game, where even the smallest of mistakes may prove to be lethal. Simple game mechanics along with dozens of tricks will prove this game very challenging. Being a perma-death game along with random generated levels each play through will almost guarantee frustration, but even greater joy upon reaching one of the many goals (eg a next biome, a new jounral entry, achievement, ...). The local co-op is very fun, although they should provide some more settings along with that, like splitscreen gameplay and perhaps even online co-op (local co-op possible with multiple game controllers and keyboard).I was very skeptical at first seeing the trailer and screenshots, but after some hours into the game, I must say it is one of the jackpot indie games that are out there."
,Recommended,239350,16435485,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BERZERKO_,I threw a rock at a bat and the rock bounced off of a wall which turned on an arrow trap which hit a giant spider which then proceded to jump on to me and kill me.This is the greatest game I have ever played.
,Recommended,239350,33228459,Posted: 4 July,all,blobord,This game will make you tear your hair out but goddamn is it fun & (mostly) fair.I couldn't recommend this game enough to anyone as it is 100% worth the price.
,Recommended,239350,32932815,Posted: 28 June,all,Awktapus,I still suck at this game after like 80 hours but it's good
76561198060331018,Recommended,239350,8204136,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,charlesleif,"Its so damn difficult. Not for the casual gamer, but if your'e up for a good challenge spelunky is a game for you.  Classic platformer packed full of RNG, so every run is different.  Prepare to rage time and time again, but before you know it you will be addicted to the Spelunky life.  Gotta get dat gold but always watch out for spiders...those damn spiders."
,Recommended,239350,9036096,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Notesurfer,"Spelunky combines the thrill of roguelike exploration and discovery with the skill-based challenges of a precision platformer. Each area feels unique not only in atmosphere but in the challenges it presents, and exploration is frequently rewarded with new characters or secret items. This game is not for everyone, but those that enjoy the frequent-death, rinse-and-repeat style of games like VVVVV and Super Meat Boy will find in Spelunky a refreshing, innovative twist on the genre.The HD version features more than just updated graphics: new characters, new items, new areas, and a new boss await fans of the original free-to-play Spelunky. As a fan of the original, I can heartily recommend this port - it is definitely a significant expansion well worth the investment."
,Recommended,239350,1788412,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,CoinCollector,"Roguelike inspired, randomly generated platforming masterpiece.  Some just may call it... the greatest game around.The freeware original can serve as a great demo:http://spelunkyworld.com/original.htmlThis new one is like that, except much deeper and shined with several buckets worth of polish."
,Recommended,239350,28018702,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ballistic2003,"Never really seems to get boring. You always feel like you can do a little bit better if you just try one more time. The game never feels cheap when you die, it's always your fault. It also has plenty of hidden secrets and worlds to find that can keep you playing. All in all this game is a 10/10 classic that should be in everyones library."
76561198106013933,Recommended,239350,15250364,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Diggery-Dillin,"Honestly everyone, i'm shocked it took me this long to comment. Spelunky is one of my favorite games, and despite the rage it has put me through, i would be very unhappy without it. It took the original and made it better in so many ways, that i just can't count them all. I would defiantly suggest it to anyone who enjoys a solid challenge, and awesome artwork. I've played both HD and Original more than 5,000 times (Rough estimate). But seriously, if you want adventure, it's right here."
,Recommended,239350,7828767,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kittycat,"Spelunky is a fantastic game. The premise is simple, but the gameplay is suprisingly complex. All you have to do is collect as much money as possible and survive. Every run-through will be different, as most Roguelikes are. There are a variety of items to pick up that will help you in your attempt to survive. The daily run kept me playing this for a long time, as well as unlocking the various characters and filling every entry in my journal. Just be warned that it's a very unforgiving game. You will die. You will die countless times. The first few zones will be littered with your corpses in a very short time span, but there is a large sense of accomplishment the first time you finish the game."
76561198193629343,Recommended,239350,32486669,Posted: 16 June,all,BrainStorm,"Stressful, frustrating and an absolute masterpiece. Truly one of the hardest games that I have ever played, but whenever you die, it's always your fault. The game very rarely screws you over and you are to blame for every time you die, which happens a lot! I love it and I have no hesitation in recommending it."
,Recommended,239350,8319324,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TatsuHero,10/10 WOULD BANG
,Recommended,239350,8328606,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mscott7426,"Best game ever?If not, then pretty damn close."
76561198002103205,Recommended,239350,17037525,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,bentika,"My ""hours played"" time for this game is skewed. (Im above 5000 deaths as it sits adn only have low scorer left) I like to keep the game open and pop in for about 15-20 minutes before I hate the game. So I'll tab out and find myself playing again in half an hour.Crazy good platformer. Controls are tight. Incredibly challenging. Level generation is ruthless. Enemies are fair. You have to study them. Sometimes I find myself♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at other games because I was cheated by the game mechanics. Not this game. Everytime you die the only thing you gain is knowledge of the game. I like that.one of those games that encapsulates ""Easy to pick up, difficult to master.""This is definetly in my top 5 favorite video games ever made."
,Recommended,239350,8762643,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,NickS,All my steam friends should buy this game so we can compete in the daily challenge.
,Recommended,239350,24411726,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Rymark,"Spelunky is, in my opinion, the best platformer I have ever played (and I have played the first Mario Bros. Games).Gameplay: 10/10Spelunky is a rogue like platformer that is one of the hardest games I have played (only easier than FTL). Have you ever heard of the phrase ""Easy to Learn, Hard to Master"" or something along those lines? Well a better phrase to describe Spelunky is ""Hard to learn, almost impossible to complete"". I have played this game for almost 40 hours and still haven't got to Level 3 out of 5 or 6.FPS: 10/10It is a 2D almost pixalated game so it will run on anything. I play it sometimes on my MacBook Pro and it runs perfectly.Price: 9/10For $16.99 CAD this game is not worth it. It is a fun little game you can play every now and then. I definitelly recommend you get this game on a sale and play it forever, because you will. Not worth $16.99 but buy it on a sale, even if the sale is only 10%.Upgrade: 9/10There is a free version that was the beta for this game and I thik that this game upgraded a lot of itself in the upgrade adding a lot more levels, enemies and bosses.Community: 10/10There are youtubers out there who spend their time playing spelunky for viewers. There are mods and modders that try to make the game more enjoyable.The Verdict: 9.6/10 or 96%This game is very enoyable and a great rogue like."
,Recommended,239350,24128633,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Grumpy_Ghoul,"Gameplay: 10/10Visuals: 10/10Music: 10/10Replay Value: 10/10I only have 15 min on steam having played this but I've played it for hours elsewhere and I can say the experience is more or less identical.Spelunky is addicting, fun, and very punishing. The easiest way to lose in this game is to be careless. Fall damage hurts you and while that is something I usually hate in platformers, it works here. Things like fall damage, spikes that kill you in one hit, and leaps of faith because you were too cheap to use a rope or blew em all already, really make this game something special. You have to constantly have your wits about you because any wrong mistep can kill you especially from the second world and onward. Taking a golden idol or throwing a bomb the wrong way can turn the sweet prize you just got sour if the shop keeper is disturbed and then goes on a murderous rampage. You will probably play plenty of levels over and fortunately unlike plenty of other games Spelunky's randomly generated levels are extremely entertaining and never got boring to me. The key to winning is precision and awareness.All that said the art for this game is top notch. Enemy designs are cute and fun as are the characters and each level is full of life and color. As for the soundtrack? It gets a 10/10 from me. I almost didn't feel it was worth mentioning but the story what little there is really isn't important as its not why you should want to play this game."
76561198166537849,Recommended,239350,24256532,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,loomchild86,"I really love Spelunky. Actually it is a game I'd always been waiting for. An ideal rogue-like platformer with outstanding level generation patterns, tremendous variety of monsters and traps, very beautiful and stylish visuals, catchy tunes and, most important, clever gameplay design.I like the way Spelunky gets along without stupid rpg parameters and experience points. Instead of them it has a big amount of things like boots with springs to jump higher or a cape to fall down safely. And you have to master each of these things to complete the game. Because even powerful weapons and artifacts have their own drawbacks.There are special places where you are supposed to do some actions that deliver you to secret stages or give you a useful item.The game can seem to be very hard for newcomers. But it's not that hard. All you need is to stay focused and think a lot.Another good thing is a local co-op feature. You can play with up to 4 friends on the same computer.It's really fun because it opens new possibilities in the gameplay (and brings new ridiculous deaths as well)."
,Recommended,239350,7914097,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ol' Frankie Blue Eyes,"Instead of getting angry or frustrated when I die, I laugh and hit the quick restart button."
,Recommended,239350,24799468,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,niet3sche77,"Spelunky is the 2D platformer against which I measure all others. The game engine, controls, and physics are simply that good. It works as a 2D platformer and does all the things you would expect and rewards habits built up over thirty years of gaming (well, at least since, say, Super Mario Brothers 3).Wherever Mossmouth could have chosen between physics/gameplay that ""works,"" and physics/gameplay that ""works well,"" they have chosen the latter. This gives emergent properties, such asgun-jumpingandwhip mechanicsandshotgun pellet spread.Around 97% of deaths in Spelunky are ""earned,"" meaning that it's quite rare for me to say, ""I disagree with what happened on the screen"" or ""I was cheated."" This is a great feeling as a gamer to have: get spiked? ""... aww. I knew I should have looked down first. :/ ""It is exceptionally replayable and my only two complaints are minor:1. There needs to be a Spelunky 2;2. The Daily Challenge really should be tagged with the date BEFORE you enter. I'm at GMT-whatever, and I think the Daily Challenge is keyed off of GMT+000/Zulu time."
,Recommended,239350,35275070,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,"its boring for the first 20 games. When you learn the routines and objectives, good for another 70 hours."
76561198082399466,Recommended,239350,8331002,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sir Sapphire,just can't get enough of this game! It's a lot of fun especially playing with your friends!
,Recommended,239350,8289443,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kittynz44,"I love this game. Its very addicting and always keeps me entertained when im bored. No two levels are the same, and as you go up the challenge to get throught the mines is harder.This is a really fun games if you just want something to do in you freetime."
,Recommended,239350,8477194,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ProvocativeHearse,Not gay at all.
76561198002167080,Recommended,239350,27806218,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Physhie,"After playing for an hour...Me:""Just one more go. It'll only take five minutes...""My Conscience:""So Many Hours. Wasted.""Me:""Were those hours really wasted, or were they well spent? After all, they were spent improving myself; improving my skills.""My Conscience:""Skills that can really only be used playing Spelunky...""Me:""Yeah, well, maybe someday I'll need those skills""My Conscience:""Waste of time. There are so many things you should be doing. Spelunky is not one of them.""Me:""Just one more go. It'll only take five minutes...""Another hour and a half later...My Conscience:""Hey! Look at the time!   Five Minutes, my left foot. You're never gunna get up for work in the morning.""Me:""C'mon, just one more go. It'll only take five minutes..."""
76561198005801855,Recommended,239350,29839319,Posted: 10 February,all,Warco,"Okay, i'm hooked.  Tight controls, amazing soundtrack and really colorful cartoony art style, this platformer/rogue like challemges you but also rewards you for playing more and becoming more skilled.  What's really amazing is that each every play through is a different adventure and different challenge.  The game also encourages you to experiment with items and figure out ways of using them.  Its a fine balance of allowing the user to discover things and giving enough instruction so they are not completely lost.  Excellent game"
76561198108820053,Recommended,239350,23316082,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Something Dumb,"This game is freaking golden. Like, there's literally gold everywhere. If you can handle the rage factor of dying repeated times for the dumbest reasons, then get this game. It's definetly worth it."
,Recommended,239350,10399321,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Little Bang,"If you're looking for an experience you'll never forget, Spelunky is the game for you. You never quite have the same experience as the last time you played it, which is a good thing. Spelunky is a game with replayability, which is kind of hard to come by today. It seems some games are clones of others. Also, the extensive soundtrack in this game is a nice addition to the already fun game. There are over 4 tracks for each area in Spelunky. Not the same track just droning on an on. The game may be a cartoonish fantastical platformer, but dem graphics. It has very good graphics and dynamic lighting. This isn't a very story driven game. At the beginning there is a bit of story. It will take long for you to finish the game and conclude the termite of a story that spelunky has. Oh yeah! Also, you can play online! That's sweet to say the least. You can play Deathmatch (The title pretty much speaks for itself) or just the basic spelunking. Now, online is definetely not perfect. It's like New Super Mario bros. You can pick people up, hit them with your whip (although it takes no damage, it's still very annoying) you can throw arrows, rocks, and pretty much anything else at your fellow spelunkers. If you die in multiplayer you're still playing. As a ghost. Speaking of ghosts don't stay in one level too long. Just trust me. Anyway, you can blow air as a ghost, which is usefull and deadly. It doesn't kill enemies, it can move them or any entity (pots, rocks, skulls etc.) I guess multiplayer is fun for a bit. Be a nice spelunker in multiplayer or you WILL lose friends. IT's that easy in today's society. A lady divorced her husband for not liking Disney Pixar's Frozen. This game is very fun but there are amazingly huge difficulty spikes. It can all end SO fast. You can be a god, and one trip in to lava, or an arrow trap, or a bottomless pit, you are DONE. DONE. It's so so fun. I had to get this on steam cuz microsoft is a d word. On my Xbox I clocked in more than 8 days of Spelunky. I freaking love this game. If you don't, I am completely fine with it, I might kill you, but no pressure. Spelunky is a beautiful game. I am glad I purchased this instead of Goat Sim. I might still get that though. Peace out people."
,Recommended,239350,13455160,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ANTFARM KEYBOARD,"I am utter garbage at this game, I die so very quickly and just about every play session has ended with me ragequitting amidst a sea of swears.Yet I keep playing this game. This game constantly mocks me with so many variety of cheap deaths. But I keep coming back to that brutal buffet.What is it?I think a lot of it has to do with it being so simple and easy to pick up and play. It's controls are very tight and responsive and like any good rogue-like the core logic is understanding the relationship between risk and reward.This is very much old-skool cruel."
,Recommended,239350,21740796,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Clarke,"Infinitely fun and replayable~This game turned me into a grumpy, old man.From sitting at my desk, to lying in my bed. I'd play this game.It'd be around eleven and I'd say, ""Just one more run.""By the time I finally look at the clock, it'd be three in the morning.The game is extremely diverse. From the first time you venture into the mines, scrabbling for your torch in those first dark levels. Or reeling in fright when you first saw the insanely jumpy shopkeeper AI, you've got some fun in for store. Only about half of my hours are on the PC, with the rest being me playing on the console. When you finally beat Olmec, you toss your controller in the air. Jumping for joy..... And then you realize you didn't really beat the game. That's real fun. That's what makes this game so replayable. It took me around 2.5K deaths to finally beat Yama, cutting it far too close with two health. Now let's rack out the pros and cons.ProsThe things that make this game, so memorable and amazing.Nostalgic 2D Platformer feelExtremely satisfying endingRandomly generated levelsDiverse array of enemiesExtremely Replayable (and addicting)Vast amount of itemsDiverse modsAnd even more!ConsWith every great game, it always has its flaws.No mouse support (Not that bad of an issue)98% RageOnly local Co-Op (Mods still make online Co-Op hard)Takes time to get past the experienced wallClimbing Glove + Jetpack (Need I say anything more?)Screws up any sort of life you had beforeOverall, Spelunky is a great game. However, I would only reccomend it to the hardest of thrivers. The game is like Binding of Isaac, in the way of the tricks, tactics, and just overall item combinations. However, I'd reccomend a controller, because I can admit. The keyboard controls are a bit strange, to where I remapped them all to my left hand. The game will leave you tear soaked, and sweat pouring down your face on those hot summer days. Wishing you didn't pick up those climbing gloves, wishing you didn't teleport into the wall, praying that you make it."
,Recommended,239350,10589053,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Odward Frenry,"The interactions of Spelunky's systems create just about the richest, most satisfying, most frustrating, and most entertaining moments of any game I've ever played.  Within my last 5 plays (out of 1600+), I've died in 2 ways that were completely new to me.  And for a game with an ostensibly straightforward goal, it is very accommodating to a wide variety of playstyles.  5/4 would buy again and force all my friends to play with me."
76561197970722572,Recommended,239350,12718125,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,half man - half monkey,"Spelunky is the most fun I've had with a platformer since super mario world.When you see a plethora of people with over 100 hours on a platformer, it must be good."
,Recommended,239350,29433527,Posted: 22 January,all,Antholite,"Hard as nails, no hand-holding and you will die again and again. However, it is incredibly rewarding to finally beat the game, even if the very next time you play you die on the first level. It is not too expensive and definitely worth it."
,Recommended,239350,29571864,Posted: 29 January,all,Mitchfynde,"Many games have tried to replicate what Spelunky has done for gaming, but none of the clones come anywhere near reaching the same magic. Spelunky is just one of those perfect games. Can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,239350,30083920,Posted: 21 February,all,Swordmaster1984,"no sex scene at the end, don't bother0/10"
76561198066073854,Recommended,239350,12296161,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ms.Fortune,Amazing game with great replay value highly recommend it
,Recommended,239350,28013424,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wade42,"Hard but fair.  Simple, but deep.  Replay value out the wazoo.  I love this game so much."
76561198058231910,Recommended,239350,12673350,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Zephyr,"Just look at my total hours of playtime.I haven't beaten this game a single time ,  the easy way.By no means is this game long, its actually pretty short. But the roguelike aspect of it makes replayability almost infinite, and it is definetely a challenge."
,Recommended,239350,12529046,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,truzen,"I'd never encoutered a rougelike before. Never knew what the term meant till Spelunky. And now I totally get the appeal.Spelunky plays like a great side scrolling platformer. Maps randomly generate everytime you play through and the options to get to the end of each map are expansive. Having limited health and resources adds to the tension of the game and players have to balance the urge to speed run and resource management.The controls are sharp. I played on both the keyboard and 360 controller and highly recommend the latter, but it's not required.The graphics have a nice clean animation sytle to them and I love the fact I'm given the choice of whom to rescue (woman, man, dog). And while the alternate unlockable playable characters are nothing more than new skins, unlocking them all does take some effort.My biggest complaint/recommdation: don't play this right after Super Meat Boy or any other speed runner. This is not that type of game. You will die. Alot. And it'll take a long time to beat the game if that's your mentality."
,Recommended,239350,25597700,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Boner,"How to beat this game:Step 1) Kill shopkeeperStep 2) Get shotgunStep 3) Play Doom musicStep 4) Go on rampage and kill everything in sight while saying ""REACH FOR THE SKY!"""
,Recommended,239350,12755107,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dominik_AT,over 400h and more! absolutely recommended!
,Recommended,239350,12561553,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,A:b:miral :b:anana,This game ruined my life.Buy it. Play it.
,Not Recommended,239350,32182500,Posted: 4 June,all,refraction,"I'm sure a lot of people love this game, the steam scores are evident of that, but it's just not something I enjoy.What I was expecting:A cool randomly generated dungeon where you have to avoid enemies and collect all the loot, getting as far in to the dungeon as you can, trying to collect all the stuff on the levels without dying.What I got:Most of the above but with a time limit and a ghost that insta-kills you if you take too long.I wasn't after some time trial thing, I wanted a loot hording platformer, but that's not what it was, and there was no prior mention of a ghost/time limit, even in the tutorial! If it wasn't for that I would have really liked this. I hope some point down the road (unlikely) there will be a mode that doesn't have this time limit mechanic."
,Recommended,239350,8062132,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Oolen,"I've put dozens of hours into the old version before the steam release, and this new version adds just enough to keep it fresh. If you like an ever-changing challenge, old-school platforming, and a little bit of mystery, then buy this game now."
,Recommended,239350,15267681,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Captain Love Muscle,Perhaps the most surprisingly fun game in my library.  Bought it on a sale a while back and have to admit I didn't expect too much.  3 hours later I was still playing it.  An unforgiving game where one mistake sends you right back to start.  I actually liked the challenging aspect of it because it reminded me of an old platformer from the nintento era: difficult and fun.
,Recommended,239350,8920168,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Chrispea,"If I had of known that the most joy I'd have on my new super machine was a $12 2D platformer... well, I probably wouldn't have built this computer and instead bough a plane ticket to Deryk Yu's house and just given him a kiss instead."
,Recommended,239350,7749901,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Antipunk,"144 hours on Spelunky you ask?YES, YES, YES!I had to force myself to uninstall it because even though I have 100% of the achievements, I still just want to keep playing. I don't want to keep playing to beat my high score, or complete some crazy challenge; I want to keep playing because Spelunky is just incredibly fun to play. The controls are perfect, the difficulty is perfect. Spelunky is a perfect game."
,Recommended,239350,7667865,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Funky,"Pretty fun platforming game. Maps are randomly generated which is interesting, you dont regen health which can make advancing through caves difficult. After a while a short - cut guy will help you so its not as bad. It does get boring, at least for me. Get it on sale if interested."
,Recommended,239350,30089991,Posted: 21 February,all,Angeleek,I CANNOT get past mine level 2 but that doesn't stop me going back again and again because the levels change every single time! Also pugs. Pretty satisfying platformer - stuff to collect and fun items to find/buy.10/10 would die trying to rescue pugs over and over again.
,Recommended,239350,10958333,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cafegamer,"It takes a while to get used to the controls, but once you do there is surprising depth.  Unforgiving, but fair, the random level generator does a good job.  The biggest downside is that items vary from mostly useless to OP, so the difference between a good run and a bad one can come down to the RNG."
,Recommended,239350,10846666,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,flavorblast,Fun rouge-like game that brings a lot of replayability
,Recommended,239350,9153208,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jaadus,"One of my favorite platformers ever. It's full of rich mechanics, awesome secrets, crazy hard challenges, and a new layout every time. Please play this. It's for your own good."
,Recommended,239350,2474381,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Destu,The sexiest dying-in-a-caveing of all time.
,Recommended,239350,7755569,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Insufferable Cunt,"This game is so awesome if you just spend some time playing and watching some videos on it. At first it might seem really annoying and reflex reliant, but as you get into it it just gets better and better!"
,Recommended,239350,7835538,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Borkbeck,Get gold and die.
,Recommended,239350,7853732,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Ix,"At first, the game seems impossible. Literally - it's tough to imagine even making it out of the first set of 4 levels on first pickup of the game. It's frustrating, and, initially, left me unimpressed with the game. But, sticking through the tough first few levels and forcing yourself to be more careful, more dilligent with your movements, and taking your time to think through the level (though not too long, lest the ghost show up!) really pays off. Spelunky seems relatively harmless and shallow at first glance, but I can honestly say that this is one of the most consistently rewarding and challenging games I've ever played. And that's not even to mention the sheer complexity of the game -- at surface level it may seem that each run will turn out similarly, but that is just not the case. Rough spots in levels will kill even the most veteran players with ease, and learning how to deal with increasingly complex death traps is a key point in the game that will take a lifetime to master given the inherent randomness of each new map.It's an incredible game you can sink some time into. You have to be mentally present to play it and cannot just half♥♥♥♥♥your way to a victory. Buy it."
,Recommended,239350,8449996,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Salѵaтorǝ,"Great Platformer with a unique style and randomly generated levels. You can never get bored of this game and to top it all off ""it's ok""."
76561198098434647,Recommended,239350,19355899,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tao-mo,Those damn dark levelsAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,239350,1029312,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Laufas,"Spelunky is one of my favorite games of all time and I can't recommend it enough. It is one of few soul crushingly difficult games where your deaths come with very little frustration, and with every death you get a better understanding of the game, and the better your understanding of the game becomes, the less frustration there is to be had. And that is a huge feat given that the game is randomly generated and features perma-death. There is so much depth to the mechanics in place and so much you can do with them and the way in which they can work together to screw you over in glorious fashion is more often than not hilarious. You'll laugh at an absurd (but well deserved) death when one tiny mistake spirals off into a rube goldberg-like chain of f#ckery, even if you're on the brink of progressing past a point you've never reached before.There's so many things to learn and it can be overwhelming at first, but it is so worth it. The accomplishments you'll make along the way, big or small, feel so incredibly satisfying, from just making it past the mines, to finding the black market, to killing Old Bitey, beating Olmec, unlocking the city of gold, getting to hell, successfully robbing a shop, ghost mining, speedrunning, and so much more. The skill ceiling is incredibly high, but you don't have to be a god at the game to enjoy yourself, and you're always getting better, a failed run is a new lesson learned in how to approach whatever it was that screwed you over the last time. Mastering Spelunky was one of the most rewarding experiences I've had with a game, and I can only hope to play something as good as it again.Thanks to Derek Yu & Andy Hull for their amazing work."
,Recommended,239350,9730657,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,[CPU] Ryxos,"Spelunky is an absolutely incredible game. If permadeath games are your thing, or platformers are your thing, then you absolutely must play this game. For only $14.99, this game is a ridiculous steal. I love it."
,Recommended,239350,577929,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Army of None,"Fun co-op, fluid gameplay, procedurally generated levels, lots of depth (ha), and nice integrated steam features like the Daily Challenge. Highly, highly recommended.2016: Still game of the year all years."
,Recommended,239350,883856,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,[TDNL]SiC,"The best platformer I have played in ages, with a random level generator that knows the mechanics of the game so well it never puts you in front of an unfair situation where you cant get past without taking damage. It all comes down to pure player skill. That said, you will die a lot, and each time you die you will have to start from scratch in a new randomly generated series of maps. Because of that it never gets frustrating like other games where you might not be able to get past that one map, and you do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again.The daily challenge is a fantastic addition too. It plays the same as every other set of levels, except the daily challenge is the same for everyone across the world, making it perfect for leaderboards. And you only get one chance: die and you have to wait till the next day for a new challenge. I fully recommend this game.Also, there's more than just 'be touched by creature and die'. One time I threw a rock to explode a box of TNT... I hit my mark, the force of the explosion catapulted the rock back into my face. I got knocked off a ledge onto an altar to Kali and accidentally sacrificed myself. (people have to lie down on the altar for it to work so you can walk on it. But because I got knocked off my feet I lay for a second. and *POOF*) That made me lose my ♥♥♥♥ completely, I laughed so hard!10/10, would accidentally sacrifice myself to Kali again."
,Recommended,239350,7649912,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,coverkillernation,"Spelunky is all about its opposites. Stick with me, I'll clear up that rather cryptic statement in a moment. For those looking at basics, Spelunky is a rouge-lite game with an adventure setting, where players must navigate through various areas with the goal of escape. Ok, you also should collect a lot of money, kill enemies, avoid traps, expose secrets,♥♥♥♥♥♥off shopkeepers, aim for favor with gods...yeah, Spelunky is all of that.It's brutal, but its impossible to put down: Death happens ALL THE TIME. Don't go into this game thinking you'll easily make it your ♥♥♥♥♥. This isn't prison. Death comes from the randomly-generated environments, which mean that you'll never have truly the same game experience twice. The replayability of this game is massive. You could be playing this 50 years from now and still not be an expert. Death comes swiftly, and can kill (literally) long runs in an instant, but something about this game's charm makes you go back for more, even after your deep playthough is cut devilishly short.Spelunky is fair, but at the same time unfair: Unlike in other games, where if enemies cross paths with one another, nothing comes from it, Spelunky's environment can actually assist in your doom without you even being a part of it. This puts you at a huge disadvantage, but don't worry, this isn't a game that is purposefully unfair. While you'll find these hazards every so often during your adventure, you'll find moreso that the environment's interaction with you is mostly done by your hand. A misplaced bomb, miscalculated jump, or poor idea lead to your doom more often than the random generation getting in the way. It just sucks when you're deep in the game's heart and all of a sudden....BOOM. The mechanics, however, don't always put you in such a mess. You can be stunned at times without taking damage, and this really helps, but you gotta know when these conditions apply, and hope you aren't on a rope, or near any other immediate danger.Finally, Spelunky is frustrating, but at the same time fun: This game will make you pull your hair out, make you groan in dissapointment and may cause you to loathe certain animals. Remember kids, animal cruelty is bad, this is just a game. But the gameplay is so simple to pick up. Spelunky is a vast game. It may not have 50 levels, a vast assortment of easily procured weapony or scenes from a Call of Duty game (who needs those when there's 200 CoD's out there, anyway) but it has visually pleasing landscape art, a great feel of adventure and, above all, a challenge. This ain't one of those new-age, ""if you fail, let's help you succeed by giving you this"" games (I'm looking at you, White Tanooki suit) so if you can't handle dying hundreds of times before making progress, then by all means, wimp out and go play Barbie's Big Adventure or something, because this entire genre isn't for you. But once you get wrapped up in the challenge of Spelunky, the dividends begin to pay off. You find yourself unable to stop playing this game, especially after you've made it a little bit further than you had the last time. Plus, to add to the basic premise, there are TONS of unlockables to find, you know, so you can brag to your friends. Its a LOT of fun. Its addicting fun. Its fun that may require rehab.Do I recommend this game? Absolutely. Does this game frustrate me? Without a doubt. Am I going to play it after I post this? No question. Would you be in my shoes if you bought it? I'm not you, so I can't say anything with certainty, but I think so. Its worth the money. Stop reading and start purchasing."
,Recommended,239350,10847976,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,unabatedshagie,"The fairest hard game I've ever played. You die a lot but it's always your fault when you die, it's never the game screwing you over."
,Recommended,239350,7887092,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Eternal Punishment,Rube Goldberg presents Death Machine Simulator 2014 Chapter 1 of the Dead McAbouttodie SaGa
,Recommended,239350,135366,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,sugary,hands down best game you can get under $15 right now. buy it immediately.
,Recommended,239350,9765311,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,nattochan,"Spelunky hates you. It wants to kill you with every move and will be unforgiving about it. You'll get oh so close to sweet victory, only to have it snatched from you at the last second. And yet, somehow you'll keep playing. Despite its brutal nature, Spelunky is rarely unfair. The controls are rock solid and smooth, and the mechanics are logical. With every death, you begin to learn something about the game. You'll slowly understand why you died and how you can avoid it next time. You'll find yourself living long enough to discover all sorts of new worlds, items, and secrets. And boy, are there a lot of secrets. Spelunky is the sort of game that will burrow into your brain, slowly germinate, and take over. If you like games that challenge you to get better and reward you with crazy secrets, get Spelunky. And prepare to die. A lot."
,Recommended,239350,8282922,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,greevdef,I think this game is going to make me a very violent person.
,Recommended,239350,7997800,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ElectricGrandpa,"It's good, just buy it."
,Recommended,239350,7900049,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zencodion,"Spelunky is an Indie Platformer game with rogue-like elements meaning the items and the levels are always changing. It's never the same game twice which makes this game very replayable. I suggest a Controller with this game if you can get one that works, if not using the keyboard isn't too bad either. It's a very replayabled and fun game with a decent amount of levels and items. I Recommend this game to people who enjoy platformers/indie games because it's a really great game and you won't be dissapointed. Plus there is a daily challenge everyday to which you can compete against your friends to see who can get the higher score."
,Recommended,239350,7926851,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,IceDoesnthelp,"This game is so difficult for me, maybe I'm just mentally challenged."
,Recommended,239350,9040606,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Cliff,"Great game. It reminds me a lot of Castlevania. This game is worth every penny. Music is good, graphics/animations are awesome, sound effects are superb. So many things to do. Like unlocking new characters and such. The main part of this game is the difficulty; which is based on skill rather than luck (you can get lucky/unlucky, though). The control scheme is flat out easy, making this game extremely easy to become addicted to. There are so many items to collect/use, giving awesome perks, and making gameplay that much more enjoyable. Best played with a controller. There is no unfair advantage; forcing you to become better at overcoming the odds. Random generated levels so you won't get used to the same thing over and over. This game really dusts off the old NES skills. Good job, we need more games like this on steam."
,Recommended,239350,12252907,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,charmingCobra,"Where has this game been all my life? The controls are impeccable, which is something not every platformer can boast. It borrows all the right elements from the roguelike genre, making replay value a given. Even the tiniest success in this game can be greatly satisfying - hearing that ""clunk"" as I bounce off of a UFO is like music to my ears. Of course, you'll feel defeated at times, but reaching whatever goal you've set for yourself in Spelunky is worth every stupid death. Spelunky is addicting as hell, and it's not hard to see why."
,Recommended,239350,8243190,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,mada100,"One of the best indie games you can EVER own, amazing!"
,Recommended,239350,9770521,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,BTsierra,One...  More... Game...
,Recommended,239350,7940932,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Alex_A_Ginge,Pugs. That is all.
76561198086017291,Recommended,239350,8759876,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,hi,hot gaem
76561198014560144,Recommended,239350,2917502,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Cruzader,Worth it.Buy it.Enjoy it.Rage it.Shut up.
76561198071336712,Recommended,239350,7925961,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Lord Formato,"58 hours, 355+ deaths, 1 solo and 1 multiplayer victory and I'm still loving this game! I can't really say anything bad about Spelunky. For what it is, it's perfect! There's so much to learn and experience and the game is riddled with secrets. I learn something new everytime the walls begin to shift. There's something to be said about a game that is almost equally as fun to watch as it is to play. If you don't believe me check youtube!"
,Recommended,239350,8654382,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mc'zee,Here's the story about how the little Isaac (from Binding of Isaac) grew up and became a successful treasure hunter.
,Recommended,239350,25011515,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Rktgjodfgm,"It's a rogue-lite action platform game set in a randomly generated dungeon divided by four different main areas with four levels each. There are some secret levels you can find and two ways to beat the game, the easy and the hard. Actually, it's cool and dynamic enough to provide plenty of joy during your adventure. Survive death traps and discover the treasure of an ancient civilization!"
76561198044235967,Recommended,239350,10194562,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jasoknight,It makes me want to strangle myself with my mouse cord. 10/10.
,Recommended,239350,295965,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,KT_Extinction,"Another ""indie rogue-like"" to be released alongside the recent ""indie rogue-like"" craze(FTL, Rogue Legacy), Spelunky is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible.You gotta get to the bottom of a maze like 2D dungeon, but everything is randomly generated and death always lies around every corner. You can play local co op, but this seems to lead to a quicker but hilarious death more often than not...The thing I like about this game is that the world, while harsh, is fair. Some traps trigger when you get in their field of view. However, the trap triggers on enemies as well. This allows you to exploit the deadly environment to your advantage. There are items you can purchase from a mean old shopkeeper, who will yell ""TERRORIST!"" if you attempt robbery and will blast you to pieces with a shotgun. However, if you manage to pull off this dangerous heist, the rewards can be great. Every time you die it's because of your own damn fault, not the fault of the game itself.Another thing I like is that when you restart the game, you restart completely. There's no meta-experience or anything like that, you're just left with only your wits. That means that only YOU, the player gets better at the game, not the in game character.. And you can get pretty damn good too (Look up on youtube).Spelunky is a crushingly difficult and masochistic Dark Souls wrapped up in a cutesy, non-offensive package that is difficult to stop playing. As soon as your character breathes his last ragged breath impaled on some spikes you're mashing the retry button to attempt another run. Just plain brilliant."
76561198019801791,Recommended,239350,11559689,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,El murmeli,Yiss
,Recommended,239350,15512835,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,"TJ ""Skarlet"" Yoshi",This♥♥♥♥♥♥is amazing and one of my favorite games on steamnow it is on sale for  4 dollars (instead of 15) for 2 days?jesus christ just get it you idiot
,Recommended,239350,8320138,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,canseesea,"Spelunky is the best game. You know games? This one is better than all of them. It has great precision platforming, replayability forever, and difficulty that tests both knowledge and skill. You are going to die. It's going to happen often. You won't know that enemy was capable of attacking you that way. And then you'll immediately started again with important new knowledge. You can't get by the difficult platforming sections based purely on muscle memory because the layouts constantly change, you instead need to learn the game. How far you can jump from a standstill or running, how that changes with items, how far you can fall without damage, the range and time delay on your whip; you need to get the mechanics down to succeed. You'll probably start out rushing into everything and dying thirty seconds into the game, then you'll take it ridiculously slow and be terrified of everything, then you'll play at a speed somewhere between the two and amaze anybody still living in phase 2.There's an endless amount of challenge, not only from the randomized layouts but also from hidden levels, secret items to find, and achievement-encouraged alternate ways of playing the game. There's an Achievement for finishing the game with $500,000 worth of treasure. There's also one for finishing the game with $0 worth of treasure, which is so very much harder to do than the high score. Speed runs are encouraged and also the sort of thing crazy people do.Spelunky is good. Really, really good. If you've ever liked a platformer, try Spelunky.And the soundtrack. That god damned soundtrack. Just buy the game so you can hear the most triumphant ""WE'RE GOIN' ON AN ADVENTURE"" title music of all time."
,Recommended,239350,8321633,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dr.jaws,"This game is great , one of the Better Rogue-likes on the market. Also your gonna need an xbox contoller, You really are."
,Recommended,239350,8328774,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LDD714,"You're going to die.  A lot.  Don't worry though, you're going to have fun doing it."
,Recommended,239350,8720570,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,xBlitzerx,Oh the rage! But so addictive!
,Recommended,239350,8735174,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Fastest Honk in the West,"a rare game where a simple objective of ""not dying"" or ""get that item"" turns into a big fiasco of craziness that has you yukking it up like a complete♥♥♥♥♥hole as you, through sheer reflex and a healthy dose of luck, manage to cause grief and chaos to everything around you like a grubby little tomb defiler that you are"
76561198068426556,Recommended,239350,8035711,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Vacuum,This games screams of lots of fun hours and great runs. Lacks the fun if you are not that good(like me).But a overall great game for people that like rogue lite genres.
,Recommended,239350,8824599,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kaga⭐,I cried during the ending.
,Recommended,239350,9208120,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sprezzatura,So hard! So fun!
,Recommended,239350,9936605,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Watch out!,"This amazing, unique platformer is like none other out there. Even after countless hours of playing, it's still extremelly enjoyable to play. There are many hardships in this game, including many deaths by many things which, at times, can infuriating. It will simply take time, paitence, and skill to get better at this game. However, when you finally accomplish something, the satisfaction that you'll feel makes up for it all. This game is very simple yet complex in its own way, hosting many secrets and many different game mechanics. The level generation in Spelunky is random, so every time you play it, it's a whole new adventure. The Daily Challenge and leaderboard system lets you compete with other players, and adds a whole new social aspect of the game. There's also the Deathmatch mode, which is a very fast-paced minigame which consists of a small arena where 2-4 spelunkers with configured inventories fight to the death. There are crates and monsters that spawn which can be used to your advantage or to someone else's. There are many different maps you can choose from, which you unlock by playing Adventure mode and visiting those areas. There is also a co-op system in the game, which can work to your advantage or to your disadvantage. The camera focuses on one player, and this can be confusing for many people. There's also the danger that you can injure whoever is playing with you almost exactly like a normal monster. As of right now, there is no option for online multiplayer. Regardless of all this, the co-op system can be very enjoyable at times. Overall, Spelunky is a great game and one of my personal favorites, that I would recommend to pretty much anybody."
76561198084303727,Recommended,239350,28190376,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nova ♥ Orion,"• This game was something that I was glad I picked up during a random sale (can't remember when), and from this point and beyond, I still don't regret getting this game. If you like platformers, you're gonna adore this one, it has an unforgiving difficulty you expect out of a rogue-like and the random generation that has pretty much become a staple of gaming now a days, not that is a bad thing, though this game does it a  bit differently. Be warned, this review has spoilers, wouldn't recommend this withoutAgain, lets start out with the negatives first, just to get them out of the way. I guess I should start off with the obvious, EVERYTHING IS YOUR FAULT!! The shopkeepers and Kali are a massive pain in the butt. The shopkeepers and Kali are balanced, gameplay wise, but the issue I have with them is how they seem to get angry at you for what really can't stop, there have been a few times where a snake opens a gift wrapped item, or a UFO explodes their shop or Kali's altar, its your fault regardless, for a game that often does often make me get the ""It was your fault this happened', that sure is unpleasant that something that isn't my fault causes some trouble I can't avoid, there have been few moments where I just walk into the map ""You have angered Kali!"" when the level just starts, I feel that was unfair to me, all though, such things are rather rare, but when they do happen, they can ruin your run against your control. (True story, UFO's randomly crashed onto Kali's altar twice in a row when entered two ice levels Kali put the ball and chain on me, got dead) Point being, its no big deal, but accidents shouldn't be your fault all the time, I thought it would be neat if the shopkeepers shot at hostile creatures, rather then pull the shotgun on you for a butterfly dying on his porch. Oh well, maybe if Spelunky 2 ever becomes a thing. There are glitches, but they are difficult to do, or just happen by small chance, so I wouldn't really acknowledge them. Also, one thing that baffles me, that I find rather obnoxious as well, is the multiplayer camera. So get this, on the PC and Xbox editions, you must share the screen, any player that is off screen will be killed in approximately 14 or 15 seconds. Its not that bothers me though, for whatever reason, the PS 3 (or 4?) version can connect to your Vita, in turn, serves as a second screen for the other players, which removes the limited movement area each player has from each other, which makes me wonder, why? Why can't I split screen on my computer? I find it rather strange only if I got the PS 3 version and a Vita, me and a friend could play without worrying to stay together at all times, or if an accident happens, the camera player must find a way over to his friend while said friend is helpless in the randomly generated world. When I do play multiplayer, that is usually what happens, I've been killed because I couldn't see what was going on, I either get picked off by a monster or a trap, because of the camera, I'm rather curious as to what went on during that train of thought. I enjoy multiplayer, I really do, though it doesn't feel like it was... well thought out, multiplayer does make the game feel different, but the way it was handled... it should have been done better...•○•Positive•○•Oh, where do I begin? This game is really flawless, well, not that kind of perfect, but its a masterpiece to me. All though I did go on a bit about the negative, that was really only one thing. Just one word... whoa, there isn't much to say after that. The game can move at your pace, and boy can this game move fast! Even though levels are randomly generated, the levels can be done in about 20 seconds, something I adore is a fast game, you can bet this game fills that void. I got my speed run through, so I felt like bringing that up! All though I only got the first ending on my speed run, I am not gonna dohell speed run. The fact that I can beat the game in less then 8 minutes says something about how fast paced this game is! The game has four worlds, each consists of four levels each, though each one can be handled in about 20 seconds. that isn't even the minimum, I've beaten levels 6 seconds top. Alright, you get it, its faced pace and I love it. Probably sick of me going on about it. The adventure itself was something worth doing as well, all though a big majority of it is going from point A to B, yeah, that can be rather stale, that is something platformers should be avoiding by today's standard, thing is, there are other things to do given certain conditions, there are secrets to be found, there are doors to be uncovered, treasures to look out for. This game expands upon what was originally released, this game was made as an indie project on Game Maker, though platforming was a bit off on that version, this game was made a bit differently, something that does make it feel smoother! Also, back to it's multiplayer!!~ Something that platformers always need today! There are two game modes to go through on here. Adventure mode and deathmatch, though there is only free for all, it is something that can get very chaotic, to the point where anyone could win. A gamemode that wasn't in the original Spelunky. As well as a multiplayer adventure mode! With 20 characters to choose from! Though all 20 are reskins of Spelunky guy, perhaps making each one have their own stats would have been perhaps a bit overwhelming, also, maybe to retain a skill based speed-running platformer.  Though I went on and on about what is wrong with it, the thing is, the multiplayer makes the game feel so much different in some strange way, its actually pretty fun trying to micromanage some items, deciding with friends who gets what, or saving each other's stuff when your friend dies. Getting mad at your friends for telefragging themselves when they got the kapala."
,Recommended,239350,25905819,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,88 Yodeling Flamingos,"I was an atheist, but now I belive in the RandomNumberLord, the One who decides it all. You're in a super-perfect run and the moment after a odd and nearly impossible chain of events kills you in a revolting cringing way. You are in a super dopey run and you will find the Holy Grail of the weapons in the game, totally useless since you already can't complete the game 100%.Cons:1 - about 1000/2000$ for the flight to San Francisco to punch Derek Yu in the face.2 - you will lose your current God/atheism/paganism.Pros:1 -  about 1000/2000$ for the flight to San Francisco to bow down before Derek Yu, the prophet of truth.2 - you will know the Mighty God RNJesus and discover a new dumb world."
,Recommended,239350,28399930,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jammin' Jelly,"This game is tough as nails, yo. Play at your own risk.But it's a risk worth taking. Underneath the simple graphics and gameplay lies a surprising amount of depth and replayability. You'll spend hours trying to get that one good run, doing everything you can to ""git gud""."
,Recommended,239350,7410192,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Lowlight,"The spiritual successor to ""Pitfall 2"" that I've wanted since I was a kid, but taken to levels I'd have never imagined back then. It's a roguelike, but with that same sense of progression you get from similar games like ""Rogue Legacy."" The best part is that every death is fair: you rarely get thrown into a situation that you can't survive, but a moment's indecision or impatience will kill you quickly. So much to discover and find: I've only scratched the surface after 9 hours and can't wait to start another match to see what the game randomly throws my way next. Note: get it on Steam as the GOG version lacks the Daily Challenges option."
,Recommended,239350,8759226,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SP | Chiaggi,"Great game, pretty hard to do solo, would recommend playing with a friend, but not needed."
76561198014247430,Recommended,239350,27406105,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apophis,Amazing game developed by an amazing man.
76561198013560671,Recommended,239350,11555811,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Thy bepis doggo,LISTEN TO MEH.. you should treat this game like a lady ...but be nice or this game will ♥♥♥♥♥ SLAP THE HELL OUT OF YOU and you'll die like' alot. :) play your cards right PS yetis are a ♥♥♥♥♥ with loopin
,Recommended,239350,13106200,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,EdCapistrano,"Spelunky is a must-have for any PC Gamer. It should be one of the essentials in any PC. It has an insane replay value, with an unique balance between simplicity in principle and mechanics, and complexity in the adaptability necessary for surpassing its many hardships and obstacles.You have a SNES-like command config: the main ones being the four directionals (climb, walk and crouch), jump, run, and pickup/throw/use, along with buttons for using ropes and bombs, that work with the directionals: up+rope throws the rope up, while down+rope on a ledge drops the rope instead of a fall that would hurt you; pressing the bomb button throws it in front of you, up+bomb throws it high, down+bomb drops in your feet. The throw button functions similarly with things picked up in the levels, like stones and skulls.You start on the top of a stage, and have to get to the bottom, where a door leads to the next stage. Each four stages, you get to a next level. You start in the mines, then you get to the caves, then to the icy depths. The obstacles are many, besides a set of enemies and traps specific to the level (e.g., mines have snakes, spiders, and arrow spitters, while the caves have toads, carnivorous plants and spike totems), some stages have an overall theme, like the dark stage, that give you a torch in the start and you can light other torches on the way to the end, or the stages occupied with some type of enemy (snakes, spiders, undead, yeti, etc.).You find treasure along the level, and with it you can buy things from shopkeepers that appear now-and-then. These can be the basic ropes and bombs, or a variety of tools, with usefulness (and proportional price) that goes from small, like glasses that show hidden treasure, to game-changing, like a jetpack.In every level, there is a ""being in distress"" (originally a blonde lady, but with the option of including a guy in... interesting clothes and a dog) which if taken to the exit door of the level, is saved and gets you an extra hit-point.The most appealing characteristic of the game is perhaps that, despite the skill, tools, and extra hit-points you get, you can be far into the game, with everything in favor of your ultimate success, and then you make one simple mistake, that leads to a horrible death. It doesn't matter: the game is so much fun that even dying is fun. You'll be restarting and trying again, with new tactics, perhaps next time you'll focus on gold, or this time I'll see what happens if I blow the altar, or I'll try shooting the shopkeeper, or buying this camera to see what it does.At ""spelunkyworld"", the official site, you can get the original, pixelated and freeware version, which I played A LOT before getting this release. Before (inevitably) buying this game, try it and be hooked."
,Recommended,239350,27724951,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cease to exist,"Originally released in 2008 as a freeware, this game is one of the games which modernized the rouge-like genre and inspired many rouge-likes to comeIt was later remade in HD and released to the Xbox Live Arcade back in 2012, this game was a big hit on the marketIn this game the main objective of the player is to gather money and treasure while avoiding traps and enemies. This game is very fast paced which makes it a bit hard for beginners, but as you continue to play the game you get to know your enemies and traps better, discover many hidden secrets, and advance into even harder levels. this game provides great replayability value as every level is randomly generatedI would personally recommend this game if you're a fan of platformers, rouge-likes, dungeon crawls and didn't happen to come across this game"
,Recommended,239350,2776061,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,DMtta,Basically this is the best game to come out in the past 5 years. And I'm not exaggerating... well maybe I am. Or NOT...Totally Game of the Century
,Recommended,239350,25975956,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,coffee,"Hands down my favorite roguelike, this game has infinite replayability once you've gotten used to its design.  Taking different approaches to playing is viable: between cautious, slow exploration, or fast-paced, speedrunning action, there's so many ways to play .  However, this game is not for those who give up easily or expect this game to be finished in the span of a few hours.  You'll need tens of hours before you'll be able to beat this game without shortcuts.  And that's why  I love this game so much, each victory is so well-earned and each death (usually) is your own fault.  In short, this game is a masterpiece of the roguelike/lite genre and is a must play if you have even the slightest enjoyment in this genre.Also, this game is very mod-friendly when it comes to skins and custom texures.  Be sure to usePatchlunkyand you can find a ton of mods over onthis forum post.  Be sure to scour the web for other mods as this isn't a complete list."
,Recommended,239350,8154822,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SnoruntPyro,"Endless fun, and no matter how unfair it feels you just keep on playing it."
76561198016687725,Recommended,239350,10293712,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,TheSchaeff,play in a cave with ghost and snake then die just like real life 8/10 i miss you brother
,Recommended,239350,14367181,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,unknowdata,"Wow. This game is amazingly addictive, Seriously. And it's not for little kids.Overall it's very fun game to play with high replayability, but bad spawn rate of certain item would make some run feels a bit unworthy...Jetpack + Mattock + Compass = My best combination9/10"
,Recommended,239350,13027547,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is an absolute PC game classic. Get the original build for free, or better yet, buy the updated version here on Steam. This set the stage for the modern RogueLite.10/10 a must have for any serious indie gamer."
,Recommended,239350,7771315,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Insomniac,"Spelunky is probably as close to perfection as any game I've played in recent memory, a well-crafted rogue-lite platformer that offers a satisfying challenge, endless replayability, and blissful gameplay. The visual aesthetic is clean, colorful and charming, a nice contrast to the brutal and unforgiving nature of the game itself. The soundtrack is one of my favorites of the year and features some very catchy tunes. The controls are tight and completely responsive, a must for a game that relies on precise movement and actions.Best of all, the gameplay is just superb: No fluff, no filler, just finely-tuned mechanics that require patience and force you to study patterns and learn from your mistakes in order to progress. It's a system that appears simple on the surface but features a surprising amount of depth. Even after 200+ hours I still find myself learning new things. The high degree of difficulty is sure to frustrate many, but it's a prime example of ""Practice makes perfect"". And while it could easily take hundreds of deaths to finally complete the game, each run is capable of offering a sense of accomplishment, no matter how small.If I have any complaints at all it's the lack of online multi-player, although I can understand how difficult it would've been to institute in a game where any lag whatsoever creates a huge problem. A minor issue that doesn't detract from the overall package.Overall, Spelunky is not only my sure GOTY, it's perhaps the best indie game I've ever played. A practically flawless experience that lends itself perfectly to either short 30-minute bursts or lengthy sessions into the night. If you have the patience to stick through some early growing pains, you'll be rewarded with a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,239350,33106950,Posted: 1 July,all,JayVee,"Hard, Rewarding"
,Recommended,239350,27744369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ColdEquation,"The best game for game designers. Everything has a purpose, multiple uses, and interactions with everything else. Progression is only achieved by learning the systems. Every death is a lesson and every life a chance to make it all the way."
76561198025178391,Recommended,239350,8552616,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,gk,this gaem is good but the controls are really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and its easier to play on PS Vitaif u got a controller then its way better than the vita version actuallycuz the vita thing has some lag and differences i noticed
,Recommended,239350,9773795,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,SnoreMonster,"Please don't buy this game.What will happen if you buy this game:1. You will start the game2. You will impressed by the cutesy graphics and fluid movement3. You will die on the first level and not understand why4. You will play again and start spamming bombs and ropes5. You will die again, and again, and again6. After after a few hours, you'll get the to the jungle and be like wtf7. You will die lots in the mines trying to get to the jungle8. You will decide to take a break from Spelunky, as it's too fooking hard9. You will play a few other games, and remember Spelunky10. You will go back to Spelunky, just to see if you can get to the jungle again11. You will have a good run, and get to the ice level12. You will be like wtf??13. You start getting good14. You start getting addicted15. You start looking at the achievements and realise you've sunk 50 hours into this game and only got 10/2016. You are terrified by the ice level17. You get the jetpack, shotgun, gloves,♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of bombs and find the ice level easier18. You get to the tombs, and die instantly by an eye19. You get stuck at the tombs, again, again, again, again20. You temporarily stop playing the game and take a 1 day break21. You get stuck at the tombs, again, again, again, again22. You get to the Olmec and he squashes you23. You suddenly can't get past the fooking jungle level because you are not as good as you thought you were24 You end up in the mothership and you are like wtf????25 You die in the mothership and stay clear of it in future26 You google how to kill Olmec and then you kill Olmec27 You find you still only have 12/20 achievements28 You check google and find that you haven't even scratched the surface of this fooking game29 You start getting good30 You are now hopelessly addicted31 Help!"
,Recommended,239350,17907301,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Anh Alexander,"9/10 - If you love platforming, randomized levels every run, and a great challenge, you will become addicted (1000+ deaths) to this game."
,Recommended,239350,9261766,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sayger,"This, is the best discover i've made in 2013.A Platform Rogue-like very addictive, incredibly fun, sometimes frustrating but as long as you are to blame and not the game, you know the game is the dope."
76561198058763952,Recommended,239350,6087585,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,DS Ikezawa,"An extremely enjoyable platformer with high replayability. Players willing to ride out the learning curve will find a game rich with rewards for the skilled adventurer, as well as a multitude of swift and punishing deaths for the unwary. Co-op is also extremely enjoyable, though sadly limited to local play at present. Unlike many games nowadays, Spelunky offers an achievement list it expects you to work for. Very strongly recommended."
,Recommended,239350,21716278,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CelticMajora,"This is an incredibly difficult game, but so good at the same time. You will want to play it over and over and over again. Your deaths may often seem unfair, but that fuels the desire to play again even more. Anyway, the game itself is a randomly generated platformer with treasure and monsters to find and deal with. The art style is good and the music/sounds are all fine. The goal is to get from the beginning of each room to the end of each room while getting the most treasure and not dying.Pros:Good artVery challengingInfinite ReplayabilityGood musicCons:Controls are just a tad wonky. Not awful thoughOverall I would give this game a 9/10. It is a great game if you want a challenge but don't have the time for some big title games. The price on it is good, but I'd suggest a sale. Also, I think the original GameMaker game is free on the internet, so try that out before buying this one to see if you would actually like it."
,Recommended,239350,8204760,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mangley,"Extremely challenging yet addictive platformer for those looking for a high-skill experience. The mechanics are rock-solid and although from first appearence it may look deceptively simple there's great depth to the game because of the loot-collection, exploration and item economy. Unlike many platformers the game handles very well with a keyboard. Spelunky has lots of character with a well-realized art style and good music.This game isn't just hard, it's a total♥♥♥♥♥♥ but for torture platformer enthusiasts or challenge junkies it's a must. If you're willing to put in the time to learn the game it's an incredibly rewarding experience that you will keep coming back to for a quick fix."
,Recommended,239350,30200729,Posted: 26 February,all,MaterialFuture,"I absolutely love this game as it's extremely hard to put down. I own this game on PS4 and PSVita (where I play this most) and it's my favorite game to just pick up and play. Really fun multiplayer with friends, and an addicting single-player. The best way I can describe it would be like an old NES game. It wants you to get better and learn everything as you play an experience new bioms and weapons. The games levels are randomized so every time you play it's a different experience.Excelent game that's both hard to beat and hard to put down, I highly reccomend it. Also, If you like this game, check out Spelunker for the NES, or even the original Spelunky from back in 2008. Or for something similar, Shovel Night and Rogue Legacy are excelent games to pair with this."
,Recommended,239350,13685268,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Contron,"This game is like crack cocaine: you know it's bad for you and hate it, yet you love coming back to it."
,Recommended,239350,8851634,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Nedla,"This game may have a cheese video but it is amazing.  If you are looking for endless fun, crazy traps, hardcore speed runs, and the best random generated platformer than spelunkey is the game for you. If you are hesitant to buy it because of its price it goes on sale often. There is no other platformer on steam that has the same gameplay and feel of Spelunky!"
,Recommended,239350,8320751,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,morcant,"I'm pretty bad at this game, having only gotten past the jungle once, and even then I died immediately. Still, I really enjoy each and every quick run, and I think I'm even slowly getting better. Regardless, the controls are tight and precise, the art is charming - and it helps that the snake that spat at you and killed you is just too adorable."
,Recommended,239350,6009535,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Nao,"This game is absolutely amazing. It may be hard but it's addicting and could keep you playing for like three hours strait. If you love platformers this game more then meets your need, and the best part if your unsure go look up spelunky and play the free old version first its mostly the same thing just the new one is updated graphics and a better replay value."
76561198054059646,Recommended,239350,22312883,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kirito lord of noobs,arcade goodness and fun old school stylespelunky is a love hate relationship like most rouge style games. evil insta kills and quick tempered shop keepers can be reeeeaaallll laaaaame. but it's part of the fun. you kinda go CRAP I just died! THAT WAS SWEET!...the VS is alot of fun. nothing like killing your friends with a boulder.My favourite is playing CO OP. theres not enough games that attempt CO OP and alot that fail at it.but when CO OP works it makes a decent game into a incredible game.
76561198025497244,Recommended,239350,10817781,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Major Socks,I sacrificed myself to Kali. Take that gaming industry. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,12489757,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Beefbud,"Potentially my favorite game on Steam (at least in the top 3), Spelunky exudes polish from every angle.  The initial road is punishing and extreme, and there is some trial-and-error involved with learning the game's levels and traps, but once they are ingrained in your mind, you'll find yourself breezing through much of the game.  This is a game that rewards careful planning over running in blind.  The graphics/artstyle fit the theme perfectly, and I don't know if I've heard a better soundtrack to a game in my life.  An absolute must-play!"
,Recommended,239350,1551672,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Shadowfied,"Buy. This. Game. Now.Dont ask a single question. Just...buy it. RIGHT, NOW."
,Recommended,239350,10797437,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aar,One of the greatest games I've ever played.
,Recommended,239350,17818735,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DragonDePlatino,"What a stellar remake of an already amazing game! I first picked up Spelunky Classic a year or two after it came out, and found myself thoroughly addicted for months. I was hesitant to pick up this version since I had already seen everything Classic had to offer, but Spelunky HD did not let me down. The new areas, enemies and items breathed new life into an old classic and the gameplay tweaks made it a much more polished experience.Pros:* Detailed new graphics brimming with personality.* A jazzy, memorable new soundtrack. Miles better than the old one.* Loads of new content. The game is about 50% bigger than the original.* Achievements, which let veteran players push their skills to the limit.* Dog kissing parlors.Cons:* The more organic physics take some getting used to.* Missing some features Classic had, like some Kali rewards and a playable Tunnel Man.* The new enemies and obstacles made an already-insane game even more difficult.Overall, I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed Spelunky Classic. And if you haven't played Spelunky Classic yet, give it a shot before you try this game out to see if it's for you."
,Recommended,239350,4794480,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Mills,Stupid Death: The Game
76561198013077689,Recommended,239350,11533905,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,GoodBeefTaco 100% Beef,"Spelunky is a game where you the player must fight a army of evil shopkeepers and their evil pet monkeys that won't give you anything for free. With your trusty damsel weapon you can block arrows, smash monsters, set off traps, and sacrifice it once every level for a new item. You must find the book of the dead then like a ninja make your way to hell and kill the SOB that took your master. Spelunky is one of the best rogue-like games out there and it's very unforgivable if you make a mistake. It's more addicting then sex and crack as you ride a shark through a flaming hoop in space; with two times more asking if your doing it right, I can't feel anything, crying, and withdrawal.  There is also a two plays mode where you and your wife can fight over whos fault was it that you both die, which later ends in divorce. Becareful not to take too long on each stage or a transgender ghost of christmas past will come and make you explode.  I give this game a 9 out of 10 Shigeru Miyamotos.The good++Kickazz soundtrack.+sold game and nice controls.+dying a lot and taking it like a man, unlike all those easy made games now of days for chickens.+many items and weapons to shoot a Shopkeeper in the face with.+fun for the whole family untill one of you go crazy from losing and kills your family off. Then the cops come after you and it ends in a blood festival with party hats, balloons and a shoot out where you go down like a thug showing the world you don't give a flying f--k.The Bad-Sometimes if you don't want to beat up a evil shopkeeper, a monster can hit them and set him off flying at your azz."
,Recommended,239350,7649570,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Lone Mountain,"When I was finally in the right headspace to tackle Spelunky, I got sucked into one of the most rewarding video game experiences I’ve ever had. Spelunky is truly unique in the way that, through each consecutive death, you learn more and more about the specific rules and causal relationships in the game. Instead of the typical platformer M.O. of rote memorization, you gradually develop a deep understanding of the mechanics of the game. From there you’ll be able to tackle any randomly-generated scenario using only your quick wits and newfound intuition. The fact that Spelunky yields so many harrowing and ridiculous experiences every time I play, guarantees that I'll be coming back to it consistently, and that it will stand the test of time better than most games out there."
,Recommended,239350,9915575,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,osum4est,This is one of the best games i've played. It is very hard and very addictive. Includes a perfect amount of randomization to make this rogue like platformer even more awesome. Must buy!
76561198125056372,Recommended,239350,26001917,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Applesauce King,"This is probably my favorite game of all time. Don't let the steam hours fool you, I've put in hundreds on my old XBOX 360. It's great for sitting down and playing some quick run-throughs, or sitting in front of the tv all day trying to beat the game 100%. The frantic multiplayer death matches are great too and perfect for small get-togethers or parties. And playing the co-op mode really lets you know what kind of people your friends are - whether they're the kind of people who will risk their lives to save yours, or the kind of people who will sacrifice you on an alter for a baseball glove.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,30458194,Posted: 11 March,all,[ger] ∞Derpy∞ [CttG],"9/10, Havent made it past 4-1 in 59 hours"
,Recommended,239350,24400367,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheJollyRoger,"Do you enjoy banging your head against the wall out of sheer frustration?Do you enjoy throwing your recommended controller at your computer angrily in a fit of rage?Do you enjoy causing harm to yourself and or your friends?If you said no to any of these, Spelunky is not the game for you.If you said yes to any of these things, you'd probably enjoy Spelunky... (as well as a good mental hospital.)"
76561198206206748,Recommended,239350,24411995,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The Sliggity,Like Darksouls with guns 9/10
,Recommended,239350,24384473,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Varanium,a wonderful platformer for masochists (and sadists if you are playing multiplayer) I can't stop playing this game since I got it during the steam summer sale  it is truely a master piece
,Recommended,239350,8420881,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SCBD (♥),"The roguiest of roguelikes. Could only be roguier if the whip was actually just a parenthesis.I've got the 1000 deaths achievement and I'm maybe halfway through the game.If you can't laugh off the pain of death, you will go mad or uninstall."
,Recommended,239350,10925130,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TokiNotABumbleB,"I adore this game, easliy one of my favorites of all time.  Infinitely replayable and daily leaderboards/challenges keep you coming back for more.  I can't recommend Spelunky highly enough"
,Recommended,239350,10930120,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KoutaF,It's impossible not to love Spelunky. What a perfect mixture of roguelike and platform genres. At the beginning you will lose very quick in every adventure but if you keep playing you are going to learn a lot while you invest your time on it. A game that rewards your experience and efficience and in every runthrough i learn something new. It's a world to discover and it's awesome just to be a part of it :D Highly recommended!
,Recommended,239350,504863,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,krayzkrok,"If this isn't the greatest game ever, it's got to be close."
,Recommended,239350,8865901,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,(´･ω･`),"♥♥♥♥ing game BLOWS. Unbalanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t where you play as rudolph the big nosed redneck searching for his family jewels in the local cavern where he meets up with oompa loompas, idiot snakes, and other various reetards; this game is not for the faint at heart for when you learn this hickory bacon m0therfcker is wasting his damn time in dungeons with no end and must have no life to imitate indiana jones all ♥♥♥♥ing day, being a 40 year old with holes for eyes. The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥as there is none except go through the 4 sacred biomes of♥♥♥♥♥♥and throw ♥♥♥♥ing pugs all over the god damn place, scouring for bonus health to protect you from playing fiddledicks with snakes and spiders. It's piece 'a♥♥♥♥♥♥tl;dr: 'i dont always die, but when i do, I die in the most insane way possible, it makes you sit still for a good 10 minutes'10/10"
,Recommended,239350,11012797,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lo-fi Longcat,f.uck this game
76561198072218612,Recommended,239350,9781763,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Kezza,"10/10 Lets you pick up women and beat them, would play again.."
,Recommended,239350,7828486,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,alone,THIS GAME TEACHES YOU HOW TO GET KOREAN APM
,Recommended,239350,8988644,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mabec,"I played this game once, i haven't stopped since.If you take deep dive down that big ol' mine, make sure to hold your behind unless you wanna blow some wind.I sliced my way thru gras, still enemies bitting my♥♥♥♥♥ I threw my puppy up and away, his claws where no match for those enemy jaws. He strut his way to goal, man am i glad i didn't type this on my console.It was cheap like free, now i urge you to go play Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,26905352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kwan,Awesome game with lots of detail and and challenge. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,239350,12723097,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bosko,"Remember when we were kids and we would go out into the woods, find that cave and go inside to see what we could find. If only those tunnels could lead to the world of Spelunky. A great roguelike that will keep you coming back. You run the levels, grabbing anything shiny within reach, avoiding deadly traps, enemies, and shopkeepers. The game can be difficult at times, but even after utter defeat at the end of that run, you'll find yourself ready to jump back down."
,Recommended,239350,14895725,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Robert,"Spelunky is a modern masterpiece. It's as close to perfect as it is possible for a game to be. Every element is deliberately designed to fit together into an intricate system in which each failure teaches you something and prepares you that little bit better for the next game.Its genius is in applying the traditional ""roguelike"" elements - randomly generated areas, high cost of player death, and learnable systems - into the approachable form of the platformer. No single element of the game is terribly challenging. Each monster, trap, item, and weapon has a very simple behaviour and is easily mastered. Once you see how a bat moves, you know how to deal with the next one. However Spelunky rarely gives you a series of single challenges, but a mix of several all at once: so while a single bat is no problem, a bat, a spike trap and a spider is something else.This is the heart of what makes Spelunky so great. Because the levels are randomly generated, you can't memorise them, and instead have to learn the underlying systems. You're constantly having to quickly eye up a situation, apply what you know about the world, and work out a way to get through it. Even though you can get very skilled at the first few levels you never cruise through on autopilot as the arrangements of obstacles always offers a challenge.And no matter how good you get, there is always some way to test yourself even more. I recently defeated the game the easy way, so the next challenge is to find the secret areas and hidden levels and defeat them too. I know what is involved and some of it seems eye-wateringly difficult. But I'd have it no other way!"
,Recommended,239350,12515476,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,"Notorious Rapper ""Food Chainz""",Bought this game on sale for $4.99.Sunk over 70 hours in it.Pretty good deal in my opinion.
,Recommended,239350,33324095,Posted: 6 July,all,CraigG350123,Took me 3 years to beat Olmec GG!!
,Recommended,239350,24916197,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Plutie Cutie,"ive been telling myself ""Just one more run"" for the past 11 hours now."
,Recommended,239350,28640350,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,diet a&w,"This game is pretty tough for me, after may hours I still die in stupid, frustrating ways.  But when you finally succeed, all the pain and frustration add to the sense of accomplishment.  After many hours it's still fun to play and I freqently go back to play a few levels."
,Recommended,239350,13613389,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Aidski,"The source of a vast majority of my rage quits from a video game. Yet I keep coming back...It's a fun game, but it's ridiculously hard. I played it in little 20-30 spurts for a few months, and beat the game a whopping... twice. Crikey.If you can deal with losing constantly, it's a fun game. The randomly generated levels are pretty good."
,Recommended,239350,18419307,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Broder Tuck,A perfect (though a little difficult) game for 4-man couch-coop!
76561197970364785,Recommended,239350,17509846,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Anguish,looking for a game to beat in less then a couple days NOPE DEINIED A WINNING SHOT BOOM DEAD 2ND LEVELBOOM DEAD TO A SHOP KEEPRER JUNGLE BOOM DESIGRATED BY A UFO BOOM UR INTESTIS AND INSIDES ARE DISGRATED BYE A BEAM THING anyway this game is reallly fun with tons of new things other from the orgial game before this game showed up but anyway ive olayed this game for over 2 years still havet beaten it so good luck
,Recommended,239350,34117484,Posted: 8 August,all,Nat loves Madi,"Great game, loads of content. One of my favorite roguelike games."
76561198073797037,Recommended,239350,32228644,Posted: 6 June,all,Gsm1212,A great game to come back to and constantly challenge yourself
76561198170663086,Recommended,239350,32171271,Posted: 4 June,all,SerialBull,"Spelunky is a great blend of the platforming and roguelike genres-- hell, I'd even say it's in the top 10 influencial games in the last 10 years. Even The Binding of Isaac, one of the most iconic roguelikes currently out there was inspired by Spelunky. So let me just be blunt here: this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ especially when you first begin. If you have ever played Isaac before, that game has a focus on quantity. Some items are amazing and some items are bad. However, in Spelunky, pretty much every item can help you out. With 2 notable exceptions, all of the items in the game are not direct upgrades to each other (the exceptions being Udjat Eye > Spectacles and Vlad's Cape > Cape). Also, some items have hidden features, like how Spike Shoes not only deal extra damage when stomping on enemies, but you have more traction on slippery surfaces or how the Spectacles can increase your vision in darker levels. The items are all balanced with each other and there isn't an apparent disadvantage to any them. Unlike Isaac, the items all increase your utility more than anything. When it comes to stats, the items you get don't directly increase a broad stat. Instead, they help you reach higher platforms or see where the exit is located, which in turn can help resource efficiency and prevent unnecessary damage. One important thing to know about Spelunky is that you can easily die at any point in the game. I've lost 7 hearts in one level to one small screw-up. There are very few times where you would blame the game rather than yourself. One more thing I want to talk about: the worlds. There are 4 main worlds in Spelunky, but there are also a few secret stages as well. The first world is the Mines. The space isn't very open and Arrow Traps appear, which do 2 damage on hit, but you can easily disarm them by throwing something in front of them. The enemies that appear will also do low amounts of damage and move slowly. After 4 stages in the Mines, you enter the Jungle. The Jungle is widely considered to be the hardest level of the four. The Jungle generally follows the same structure of the Mines, but with completely new obstacles, like Tiki Traps which can single-handedly end a run if you are not careful. You will have to progress through the Jungle slowly and methodically, because the game has a lot of opportunities to end your run immediately if you are not careful and observant. The Ice Caves are a pushover. There is a lot of space, but there's also an abyss at the bottom of the levels, so if you take knockback and get stunned, you can be done for. Ice Cave levels are very short and sweet. The Temple is the final main world of Spelunky. It brings back all of the old traps and also introduces new and very dangerous Crushing Traps that play like Thwomps in Mario that can attack from all of the cardinal directions. The enemies in this level can move quickly and do a lot of damage. After the third stage in the Temple, you fight the final boss and win the run. However, that is not the only ending to the game. I don't want to spoil it because some people are sensitive about that, but the second ending that I speak of is very, very difficult to obtain. Think you have what it takes? Buy Spelunky!Tip: The game goes on sale for a very small price tag on major Steam sales."
,Recommended,239350,29149428,Posted: 9 January,all,Randomguy406,"It's very good! Some of my favorite songs originate from this game, I feel like it's one of my favorite games, although I played mostly on the XBLA version, I still heavily enjoy this one!"
,Recommended,239350,7770056,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Talarata,Greatest game ever.
,Recommended,239350,8413160,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nyaznable,This is a videogame.
76561198018608772,Recommended,239350,13066646,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MylifeForGolf,this game is okay but not much to do
,Recommended,239350,13553872,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DiskSystem,"Everything about this game is so fantastic. At first it's a bit intimidating but you'll still be having a lot of fun. After mastering the controls and some of the mechanics you're in for a long, fun ride. One of the best indie and 2D games of all time. A modern classic.75+ hours played as of writing this review."
76561198119791549,Recommended,239350,23801527,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JohnR,Lots of content. Endless entertainment. One of my all time favorites.
76561198153914361,Recommended,239350,19242557,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Irish_As_Fuck,I love this game its amazing 10/10 100% but why the ♥♥♥♥ is this not avalible for mac yet
76561198025625270,Recommended,239350,31292331,Posted: 22 April,all,xterminal86,"I thought that it will be just another platformer, but now I can't even beat the mines level.What the hell..."
,Recommended,239350,23575680,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Larexus,"Fun dungeon crawling Roguelike, that is challenging but very rewarding. With precision platforming and maneuvering that will punish you for every mistake but never leave you feeling cheesed. Addictive gameplay that is easy to pick up and learn but hard to master. Will leave you feeling satisfied with every new floor you reach.Game Shwocasehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rQJ3EVFf60"
,Recommended,239350,26928089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,An Unfamiliar,I'm starting to doubt that I'll ever find a game I like more than Spelunky.
,Recommended,239350,27900927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yarr,I've died about 2000 times in this game now and I still love it.
,Recommended,239350,34848087,Posted: 9 September,all,PeterSvP [BG],"I CANNOT TELL YOU HOW ADDICTIVE IS THIS GAME!Okay. It's a XBOX Port to PC. And it is a losson how ports must be made. Lesson to all big AAA companies that do crappy ports.It may have some glitches, but it don't have one single game breaking bug except some skill-glitches that actually make the game instead of breaking it.Spelunky is a countless hours of pure fun and experience. And pure LAUGH!With all of its mechanics, the game offers enough replayability, it's the game I played even more than the Binding of Isaac, which is also extremely good game.Go for it. Even if it's old, GO FOR IT!SPELUNKY JUST CANNOT DIE!The downside is that today it's very easy to become top 1 in the leaderboards, but this is no issue, actually.And the Low Scorer achievement is easier than the 500000 gold one from my personal point of view!"
,Recommended,239350,30729023,Posted: 25 March,all,Brendy Wendy,You can make your 1-ups look like a gay man with a butt chin
76561198072182182,Recommended,239350,14524981,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"This game is not for everyone.  It isn't even for all hardcore indie gamers.  I spent 30 hours trying to beat it (and was finally successful, thank the gods), but I'm not even sure I really like it!  It's a hot little chunk of procedurally generated hell that is so fiendishly addictive, so haunting, so taunting, you'll play far past the point of enjoyment in many vain attempts to extinguish the black fire it ignites within you.  A few nights ago, I actually lay awake, worrying if I'd ever be able to beat the thing -- that's the nature of the eldritch curse that isSpelunky!  Do not be deceived by the supercute graphics and the bouncy soundtrack because this game exists only to make you HURT, and make you come back for more HURT.  I am not exaggerating.  Do a little googling and see for yourself!Spelunkyhas top-notch presentation and you would be seriously hard-pressed to find more responsive controls.  The procedurally generated element works so well that I would call it a marvel of software engineering.  As aforementioned, it is insanely addictive.  Do these points warrant a recommendation?  I suppose so, but I still hold that there is something deeply, spiritually wrong withSpelunkyand its creator, Derek Yu.Play this game at your own risk or go have a much more enjoyable time withSuper Meat Boy.  As for me, I'm glad to be done withSpelunky!"
76561198057711891,Recommended,239350,9187725,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bill Cosby,░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░▌▒█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▌░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒▐░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌▌▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌ #wow▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▄▒▒▐░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀
,Not Recommended,239350,12164966,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,nitelich,"The original Spelunky, before the HD makeover and release on Steam, was a fun game. The re-release, however, is not. Moving from the original game to this, the mechanics just seem -off- somehow, and they are so in a fatal way.Being a roguelike, I expect the game to be challenging, and it is. And I expect there to be the occasional run where a bit more than skill is needed to proceed. I certainly had my fair share of deaths trying to make it to the City of Gold in the original. But after dozens of deaths due to wall-hanging unexpectedly, or shopkeepers getting aggro from environmental effects that I did not set in motion, or spike traps hitting me more than a space away, I'm going back to the original Spelunky. Shiny graphics and new features cannot make up for this.Go download the original version of the game, which is still free on the developer's website -http://spelunkyworld.com/original.html. In my humble opinion, it's a much more solid roguelike."
,Recommended,239350,19164776,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Gamot,"This is one of the best and most entertaining games I have ever played.You start off as an ""explorer"" that discovers a strange cave , the layout changes every room.At first you will be completely overwhelmed by the bugs , traps , bats and all the other things that are trying to kill you but after a few dozen tries you will understand how this game works.It is close to near damn impossible to master this game.Pros:-Amazing art-style-Easy to understand how the game works-Will entertain you for a good few hours even from your first play-through-You will be eager to beat your record and discover new areas-Family friendly (Except if someone has anger problems)Cons:-Extremely hard to complete the game in one run-The comunity has almost completely disappearedIf you like The binding of Isaac , playing this game is a MUST.I recommend this game to anyone that is up for a difficult challange.(This game is worth buying even if not on sale , but I'd recommend you wait untill then , just in case you're gonna rage and never play this game again after the first couple hours.)"
,Recommended,239350,19045996,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Josuf,game rapesssss
76561198089646748,Recommended,239350,18886247,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Breadbug,"Story: You are a spelunky (spelunker?) and you have discovered Olmec's caves, a place where death has lost it's way and your soul will literally not be put to rest if you die (so you just come back to life basically), in Olmec's little home lies treasure. You want that treasure. However, there are many foes! Bats! Spiders! Giant Spiders! Snakes! Tiki People! Frogs! And much more. Sounds simple, yes? WRONG. Olmec will be sure to break you. Want to prove him wrong? Then play this game if you dare.Alright onto the real review. The game is absolutely fantastic. You could play the game ""the normal way"" and honestly miss A LOT of extra things you probably didn't even know about. You carry a whip, a few bombs, and some ropes. You can acquire more from boxes, purchasing (or stealing if you're feelin' lucky) some from shop keepers or finding some underground (sometimes). As I said before there is a ""normal"" way to beat the game which consists of 4 stages. The game is also VERY difficult for (most) newcomers. So don't feel disouraged if you're not doing very well.The enemies. Oh boy, are there a lot of these fu- I mean suckers. They all do more than just touch you to do damage mind you. They will leap, fly, shoot, spit, crush you, use psychic moves, charge at you, throw boomerangs, throw you, and the list could go on. Trust me. It's a lot and brutal. But for all the right reasons which adds charm to the enemies and much of a challenge.The lovely, lovely items. There's TONS of items. Ranging from your whip and bombs to an ancient knife found in the belly of a giant worm and an incredibly dangerous high tech alien rocket launcher. There's more than just weapons too. There's items that can make you run faster, climb walls, hover, fly, see through walls, and even an eggplant!The events...oh dear lord I'd cry inside every time I encountered one of these. So basically an event is when you enter a level and something ""unusual"" is happening like the room being entirely dark, the room may be ridden with giant spiders, or even an alien lord may be nearby. Each stage has it's own set of events fit for it's own stage so certain events will ONLY happen in that stage.I don't want to make this review too long (though maybe I have), but this is a must play game if you're one who enjoys a challenge."
,Recommended,239350,18893247,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CozyGhost,I've probably logged around 550 hrs of Spelunky on my Xbox.. now to begin again on Steam. 30/10 would go to rehab over this. :P
76561198073600799,Recommended,239350,19229792,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hi Cow!,The most enjoyable bang-your-head-agaist-a-brick-wall simulator I've ever played.10/10
,Recommended,239350,19267418,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rendeel,"Timekiller, It's really fun but can also be frustrating though. However when you accomplish something its really satisfying (like my first Olmec kill)  Overall +Timekiller +Fun -Frustrating. Bye"
,Recommended,239350,8326515,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mydadmartin,"If you like challenging, fun, and unforgiving platformers, then this is for you. When and if you reach the end it bestows a feeling like none other upon you, like you defeated a childhood bully at backgammon or something. Pick it up!"
,Recommended,239350,8159630,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,pigpenz,One of the best pick up and play games I've ever experienced. Very addictive and worth every penny.
76561198044589950,Recommended,239350,8149608,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Emblem,Most addiction game ever! Go and get it!
,Recommended,239350,10254641,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,toph,You won't regret this purchase
,Recommended,239350,8445000,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Alchy,BATS IN YOUR FACE. SPIKES IN YOUR FACE. KEEP DYING UNTIL YOU DON'T AND WIN
,Recommended,239350,8598950,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Big D,"Spelunky, what can I say about this game that hasn't already been said. It's a roguelike game that sends you through 4 different main areas, each containing 4 stages. There is also a secret second end game with another 4 levels, as well as more secret levels with just one stage. The game has a large variety of items, and a larger variety of out comes, you'll have a run were there's money everywhere, you're finding jetpacks and bombs left and right, and you'll have playthroughs were you fall into spikes on 1-1, the game just keeps giving you surprises. And the acheavements, oh the achevements. They keep you playing until you have them all. There is so much more I could rant on about on this game, but just keep in mind, you will die, and you will die a lot. For any help, ask the people over athttp://www.reddit.com/r/rspelunkyfor help, and enjoy your Spelunking!"
,Recommended,239350,8885263,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"This game's fun. It's a 2d platformer where you journey deep to get mad cash, to get there, though, you'll go through randomly generated levels with initially cruel difficulty. First off it's fun as to play because the controls are spot on. people have said super meat boy was spot on but it was loose as hell but this game has perfect controls. some nerds might say it seems clunky at the start but after just a bit of playtime it works perfectly. Of course it kinda requires a controller to have bearable controls but it's a platformer so that's kinda expected.The levels in general are fun because they're extremely challenging to a new player. Most of them have you go through fast (as there is a limited time before you're at extreme risk), but you also have to watch out for traps as this is a tomb-themed game. The level settings are cool too, and for convenience they include♥♥♥♥♥♥like shortcuts. Of course the shortcuts which take you to later levels don't count for scores, and can't be used in things like the daily challenge, but it's great that they put it in as you a. might want to not play a full game and b. might want to see all the content earlier.Buy it it's fun asf."
,Recommended,239350,10262044,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,pizza,"There are so many ways to die in this game, and its completely unforgiving.  Have spent ages on it so far, and am happy to keep trying to beat it.People who played nethack might appreciate finding ways to steal things from the shops."
76561198034172959,Recommended,239350,10276795,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,dosadi666,"Spelunky is a very challenging platformer, with a good risk/reward dynamic. The game features gorgeous art and catchy music. Although difficult, the addictive gameplay keeps you coming back. A great variety of enemies, traps and items, and randomly generated levels provide a high replay value."
,Recommended,239350,10282100,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,isaacbee,"Extemely challenging yet rewarding roguelite platformer. That said, it is not a twitch platformer like Super Meat Boy. Rather, the difficulty comes from the myraid enemies and traps, and caution, not reflexes, will be your greatest asset. If you are frustrated easily, this game may not be for you, but when I finally beat this game for the first time, it was the most satisfying feeling I've ever had in my life.And then I immediately started another game and died on some spikes.10/10 Woulddiebuy again"
76561197998227034,Recommended,239350,9885331,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Hawkwing,"If you have had fantasies about being Indiana Jones, then this game just might make your dreams come true.Spelunky is a merciless 2D platformer that will not hand anything to you. Aside from the short tutorial, which will introduce you to the basic controls, the game of Spelunky is yours to explore.The game offers four main areas, with an additional bonus level. All of the areas are designed with unique challenges, and are always auto generated. Therefore, each time you play (or replay) an area, it will never resemble the previous one you just played.The game is very difficult, as anything that can kill you, will kill you. However, the game is also rewarding to play, despite its sadistic tendencies to deprive you of your hopes and dreams. Therefore, trial and error are a significant aspect of the game and Spelunky will more than simply challenge your endurance and wits.Even though caution is advised, you cannot spend too much time loitering around as there is a 2.30 minute limit before a ghost appears that will attempt to hunt you down and kill you, ending your pitiful life and throwing you back to ground zero.A worthwhile indie game, 10/10."
,Recommended,239350,10271819,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,LimpArms McGee,"In Spelunky, you blow up rocks, fight snakes, and get gold. It's also different everytime...somehow. 3/10 can't get past the tutorial stage. I highly recommend it to anyone who is actually good at video games.Also, snakes."
,Recommended,239350,9065698,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,QuickFix,Awesome.
,Recommended,239350,9782484,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Qworn,"First couple of hours I am extremely drawn to this game, died by my own key when an explosion catapulted it in my face, played a game of chance on a wheel of fortune, won a pick axe and accidently used it and the shop keeper killed me.Requires a lot of concentration hard to play when drinking, but you learn something everytime you play like throwing rats or similar items to trigger arrow traps."
,Recommended,239350,8426202,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Commander Platy,You will die. A lot. And you will love it.
76561198064560338,Recommended,239350,8523112,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dustinaux,"Awesome game!  Quick, fun, and challenging.  The controls are very tight and easy to learn.  Starting off you will die a lot as you learn the traps and monster movements, but once you do, it's pretty much always your fault if you die.  There are some really cool secret areas and paths sprinkled through the game to add some extra challenge around an already difficult game.  This along with the random generation of the dungeons provides many hours of playtime.  Very occassionally you'll run into a bit of bad luck like a projectile from a distant explosion hitting you, or spiders from an out-of-view ceiling falling on you, but this doesn't happen all that much.9.5/10"
76561197998287546,Recommended,239350,8519682,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rawprawn,Can be very difficult and frustrating but keeps me wanting to play. It sucks you in.
76561198031576167,Recommended,239350,9637666,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MegaWood,"10/10A must buy for any hardcore platformer fan. This is a hugely challenging and entertaining game that will have you hooked for days – if not weeks. Unlike other rogue-like games in the modern era, there are no unlockables to make the trip any easier – except for the ability to start on a further level. You will have to improve your skills by learning the environments and enemies – and hope for some luck along the way. The randomizing levels actually enhance the overall experience – much like Rogue Legacy. This is probably one of the best platformers I’ve ever played; don’t hesitate to buy (even at full price)."
,Recommended,239350,8611400,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Golden Teeth,"I love this game and I truly recommend it, one of the best platformer games and perfect for difficulty lovers."
,Recommended,239350,7935071,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Scipio243,The most well-made Rogue-like platformer you could wish for.  Everything is fair and balanced but extremely challenging.  There's always room for improvement and a nearly endless number of secrets to find.  A must play for platformer or rogue-like lovers.
76561198054736735,Recommended,239350,8308858,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,cobrasmash,"good game, i was'nt expecting anything but got blasted !"
,Recommended,239350,8406200,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sandwich Theory,"Spelunky is a fantastic game. It is frustrating, surprisingly dense and difficult to beat for the first time, but is incredibly rewarding to learn to play. The controls are what I like about the game so much. They feel very fluid with a controller and after some practice, you amaze yourself by how quick you get and how well you can judge jumps / throws.I've put ~15 hours into Spelunky and love it. I bought it at the same time as Black Flag and Spelunky has gotten way more play time from me. If you enjoyed other roguelikes such as Don't Starve, The Binding of Issac and Rogue Legacy, this should be a no-brainer for you. If you're new to the Roguelike genre, Spelunky's smooth controls make it a great place to start.There are multiple character unlocks and items to be found, which add some content for people who like to unlock things in games.The only downside that I have found with Spelunky is the lack of online multiplayer. You can have local multiplayer up to 4 players, which seems very fun, but I would like to be able to play online with friends, since I live pretty far away from my gaming friends. Spelunky just won't be a game that we play multiplayer on, but will be the game to occupy all of my time when they aren't online.I can't recommend this game enough. If you pay full price like I did, you won't feel like you threw money away. If you can catch it on a sale (Winter sale has it at $3.74, a steal!) it is definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,239350,9069007,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,dank meme,"best game ever made by a wide margin. like smoking crack, a lot of crack."
76561198032799351,Recommended,239350,7848805,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Eaque,"In my opinion the best rogue-like I've ever played ! It's a skill based game. You will not progress by gaining experience like in Rogue legacy or by unlocking new items like in Binding of Isaac (but this game is awesome too). You will gain skill, will learn new tricks, how to dodge traps and finally, you will eventually beat the game !"
,Recommended,239350,9068342,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Renegabe,I've never had so much fun while getting so angry at the same time.
,Recommended,239350,9556759,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,baby spaghetti boy,snake spider spider snake anubis snake
,Recommended,239350,9307880,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mahbonk,"This game has kicked me in the balls so many times, and yet i still come back for more. What's wrong with me ?"
,Recommended,239350,9157871,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,sirrat,"Near-perfect roguelike platfomer.  Fiendishly difficult, but fair once you know how all the level elements behave and interact with one another.  Once you know how to deal with the various situations, there are numerous ways to crack pretty much any nut."
,Recommended,239350,9115845,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,KLIU _๏̯͡๏﴿,buy it
,Recommended,239350,8019515,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Nax_o,Bought this game as a more 'casual' alternative to La Mulana. ...oh boy did i dupe myself bad.Hate the game as i get killed all the time. This is basicaly Nethack meets La Mulana. Argh!But why can't i stop playing it? I guess it's the same reasons i just had to complete nethack too. Got to go play some more...
,Recommended,239350,9071735,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Flowseidon76,"This game will infuriate you to no end but yet you still come back to it time after time. Tons of replay, definately would recommend."
,Recommended,239350,8980954,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Deadly Shadow,"Great game, highly recommended.  Works best with a gamepad."
,Recommended,239350,9238081,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,NuttyNatSenpai,"I've died too many times to count, luckily it has a counter10/10"
,Recommended,239350,20148805,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mint2,"“Spelunky is the best game ever made. I’ve been dancing around saying that for the last seven years of writing about its different forms, but I feel confident about it now. It’s funny when you die from a rock flung by a bounce pad, or because a friend climbed over a ledge and accidentally dropped a knife on your head. It’s exciting when you discover a jetpack buried in the rock at an easily accessible spot. It makes you feel clever when you wield your few remaining resources towards reaching the City of Gold. It is brilliantly designed and I know game designers who credit it with inspiring their careers. And it’s £2.74. The best game ever made for £2.74.” 10/10 would mattock again!"
,Recommended,239350,8827932,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ridable Cthulu,"One of the best games I've played and I'm very glad I bought it. No matter how many times you die, you always go back and play again. Many different play styles allow you to create unique gameplay experience. Lots of enemies for you to kill, lots of floors to go through, and of course awesome concept of Daily Challenge which is always very fun to play!"
,Recommended,239350,12194687,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fargin Noob,"I have over 100 hours in the game and still don't have all the cheevos. But dammit if this game isn't fun and well done. Competing with friends really extends the life of the game, too, giving you plenty of chance to see who is best on a day-to-day basis. Definitely check it out and get a copy for your friend(s) (especially when it's on sale)."
,Recommended,239350,9838534,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Xegami,"Super fun because you can have local co-op if you have controllers or don't mind sharing one keyboard! Also you can compare scores with your pals and partake in the daily challenge! Simple, creative and funny when you take a step back and just enjoy mayham in both adventures and death match style side scrolling glory."
,Recommended,239350,9781203,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Robotic Anxiety,"Simple gameplay, deep exploration. I implore you to give it a try; you won't regret it."
76561197970423493,Recommended,239350,10875172,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NathaI3,One of the best games of all time. Perfection.
,Recommended,239350,9624207,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Iriguss,"After having played this game at length I can say if you like Rouge-Likes or just plain challenging Platformers you really have no excuse NOT to own this game.There are, however, a few things I feel need to be noted- The Co-op being only Local feels like an idea straight from the stone age. Online Multiplayer would be appreciated.- No level editior (to my knowledge) like Spelunky classic.- No real way to add custom content. (requires use of a 3rd party tool and replaces existing content)- Its possible to enter a room and have a random enemy blow up a statue of Kali or anger a Shopkeeper punishing the player for actions they were not involved with.- I want more garsh darnit!Good luck with the Daily Challanges folks!"
,Recommended,239350,12118199,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,.n a s h,this game making me sad and happy but... i love it!
,Recommended,239350,11074724,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SparkleDevon,"Spelunky is a game for someone who wants to play something challenging and always changing.  Its randomly generated levels provide a near infinite amount of variety in your experience while playing through the game.  Sometimes you'll find yourself in a level where all the odds are against you, but there's always a way through it if you know what to do and have the courage to take it on.  Other times, you'll find everything stacked in your favor.  No matter how the levels generate, nothing beats the feeling of defeating what the game deals you.  While playing Spelunky, I have had some of the most frightening, heartbreaking, and funniest experiences throughout my years of gaming.  If you like to go on adventures, be challenged, and experience something that's truly uniquely fun, then you should try out Spelunky.  (The original PC version is available on the creator's website for free if you want to try out a comparable experience before you buy this version.  But if you like it, definitely try out the new one; it really steps up and gives players a new experience!)"
,Recommended,239350,8010489,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Call Me Greeks,"Addictive and charming, as long as you don't mind dying A LOT."
,Recommended,239350,7812626,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Blurple Splandex,Stop everything you are doing and play this game. Its challenging but fair and will reward you for the time you put into it. Everytime you die its your fault and you know you can be better. Its full of mechanics and its infinitely replayable. Everyone should play this game. It challenges your conceptions of how platformers are played.
,Recommended,239350,8036590,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Crystal Mech,"As a big fan of the original, freeware Spelunky, I can say without a doubt that this remake is astonishing. Enhanced, hand-drawn art style, multiplayer, and new levels, tools, and enemies are all brought to the table. Better still, this game accomodates for several play strategies, whether they be raiding every shop in sight or strategically planning your next descent. Every playthrough is a new experience, and with the amount of content that you get it's definitely worth the price of admission, even more so if it's on sale."
76561198046187324,Recommended,239350,7929007,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Huge JackMan,This is one of my favorite games ever. I could play this for hours on end. I consider this a god tier game this is my number 1 favorite game on steam. My overall rating for this game is a 10/10.
76561198042951617,Recommended,239350,8463102,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,rh5000,"Fun game, its good, not glitchy and EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING AT TIMES."
,Recommended,239350,9005169,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,The Almighty Dahaka,"This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You will die all over the place, get stuck in combos you could have done nothing about, and get boner cut off more times than you can count. Saving the damsel will make you permanently angry at pugs. There are so many nearly unavoidable instant kills. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,239350,7927751,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Milkman,My life has evaporated since Spelunky came into it.
,Recommended,239350,1279495,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Jelga,"One of my favorite platformers on the PC. Used to play the old freeware version, and have waited for this to come to steam for quite a while.If you're not sure you want to drop the money on this excellent slice of awesome, try out the free version to get a gist of what the gameplay is like , and if you enjoy it I highly recommend you buy it, the HD version has a ton of improvements and plenty of new secrets to discover."
76561198040993744,Recommended,239350,10927039,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CD - Weezy,Great game but too bad it doesn't have online multiplayer.
,Recommended,239350,8556713,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MediocreZone,8/10
,Recommended,239350,8547229,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,JJDirty,"If you haven't heard what this game is all about, I suggest you look at some gameplay footage. It is insanely addicting and it will keep you busy and frusterated for hours."
,Recommended,239350,7971263,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,twitch.tv/dookieblush,"Spelunky is an excellent title especially for those who enjoy some ""rogue like"" aspects. This game has literally endless amounts of replayability. Due to the randomly generated levels - no playthrough is the same. Get ready to die, and have a great time doing so.Pros:-Tight and responsive controls-Beautiful artwork, as well as soundtrack-Lots of replayabilityCons:-Difficult (some people might not like this aspect of the game)-Occasional deaths that don't seem fair (very rare)Verdict:An superb title espcially for 10 dollars (or your regional equivalent). If you want a game that you can play a little bit every day Spelunky is the game for you. Gear up, and get ready for a challenge."
,Recommended,239350,8895051,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ijneb11,"Awesome roguelike, big learning curve, lots of different situations and environments. Something new to discover in almost every new play.Need permanent focus because everything can kill you, even the smallest rock on the ground!Missing network multiplayer but local and daily challenge compensate really well.To sum up: if you like roguelikes, you have to try this one ^^"
,Recommended,239350,8800477,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,RILEY,"Fantastic game. Has an arcade-esque feel that makes it addictive and the procedural generation guarantees that you actually get better at this game over time. It's tough, but very rewarding to see how much better you get over the course of a hundred runs. Took me about 2 months of owning the game before I actually beat it, and now I can get to Temple on nearly every run I do. The first time I saw this game played was on someone's Twitch, and I instantly knew I'd like it just having seen it played.The graphics are really appealing and satisfying. They enhance that slick/smooth gameplay feel that I've only found in Spelunky and Super Meat Boy. It's kind of a Metal Slug sort of movement, where the controls are actually a bit ""twitchy"".The music is faaaantastic. One would expect that hearing the same soundtrack would get repetitive or annoying or old, but that's not the case at all. The music is genuinely great in itself, and I still occasionally get an ""easter egg"" song (like the fourth cave song) that I've never heard before.Playing co-op can be a lot of fun. My friend and I have gotten quite good at playing together -- which is a whole different skillset than the actual game -- and have had a lot of good runs together. I couldn't imagine playing with more than one other player though, and that's just because the game doesn't offer any sort of split-screen or online co-op. That's probably my one major complaint: This game needs online co-op capability. It only makes sense, considering they offer that exact feature for the PSP/PlayStation versions. When you play co-op on Steam, you're both on the same screen and one player has the control over the camera (so the camera will follow player 1 around, and if player 2 goes off screen player 1 needs to help by moving the camera back to player 2, etc.) which can sometimes lead to a death. I suppose it's part of playing the game, but if the PSP has split-screen co-op, why wouldn't the PC version? I'd love to be able to play co-op with friends online. Doesn't quite make sense to me.Ultimately, this is a fantastic game with a huge amount of replayability. Much like Super Meat Boy, there are plenty of secrets and difficult-to-get acievements. Also, the dailies are very fun and give you something to compete with your other Steam friends over. The game is more than good, it's really phenomenal.tldr: buy this game♥♥♥♥"
76561197984091969,Recommended,239350,8321765,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dimanche,"High replayability, merciless but fair."
,Recommended,239350,7878238,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"I played a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of this on the 360 when it originally came out, but decided to purchase it again due to a sale here on Steam. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you're into a ridiculously difficult platformer with randomized elements then I can't recommend it enough. I probably put about 50-100 hours into on the 360 and barely scratched the surface; some of that has helped me progress quickly on the PC version but that doesn't mean the game is easy by any means. BUY IT."
,Recommended,239350,9144582,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,relevant videogame humor™,gg
,Recommended,239350,9463650,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LlorenR,Got killed by a Snake in a Jar.30/10 Play all day erry day.Also -www.twitch.tv/thegreatgildersneezewatch this guy play it. You'll have a fun time betting on what you think may kill him for fake currency. :3
,Recommended,239350,8493812,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DeliriumWartner,"Simply one of my favourite games ever made. Delightfully, tragically, painfully difficult."
,Recommended,239350,12408207,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Gums,Good game.
76561198015083735,Recommended,239350,9768697,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Von ToXic,"Wow, so simple and so addictive, this game is well worth its weight in Gold. Best game i've played in ages and the daily challenge just keeps you coming back for more!!"
,Recommended,239350,8732891,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Roboleg,Get this game! Defeating Olmec is SO satisfying
,Recommended,239350,4861278,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Jake LH,Such an awesome game. Can play for hours. This is a Rougelike Platformer with a huge difficulty curve. You will be learning this game for days. Worth every dollar I spent on it. Buy it.
,Recommended,239350,14411448,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,snargleplax,"Fantastically fun action-platformer roguelike.  Truly satisfying core challenge that keeps you coming back over and over until you've developed your skills enough to progress through it.  Good for 10 minutes or 2 hours.  Local co-op is uproariously fun, so don't miss that.  Xinput (360 style) gamepad is the way to go."
,Recommended,239350,11283955,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DCActual,Easily one of my favorite games of all time.
76561198071292775,Recommended,239350,11840609,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Dryhand,i have to say that i hate platform games...but NOT this game
76561197998825270,Recommended,239350,8836355,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"Spelunky is an extremely difficult indie Roguelike platformer. It’s Roguelike in that all of the levels, terrain and enemies in the game are randomly generated, which helps keep the game fresh and interesting. It reminded me quite a bit of Rogue Legacy with its excellent design and brutal difficulty.The object of each level in Spelunky is to get to the exit, but you’ll have to navigate through lots of traps and other enemies in a randomly generated level. Your character will start with a limited supply of bombs and ropes to help you navigate the level. Bombs can be used to destroy terrain and dig deeper while ropes can be used to help you climb back up. You don’t always want to just race to the exit when you find it either, you’ll want to explore the level and gather as much gold and upgrades as you can find before leaving. But if you spend too long in any given level, a giant ghost that can kill you instantly appears to chase you out of the level. There’s also a maiden hidden in each level. If you bring her to the exit, she will restore one point of your health, so you’ll want to try to find and rescue her in each level. You’ll find shops hidden in each level where you can spend your gold to replenish your bombs/ropes, and buy weapons and upgrades. Spelunky also features local co-op which is pretty fun, but still just as hard.It’s a very difficult game, but if you don’t get frustrated it’s a very addictive game as well. I’ve actually yet to make it past the third level in this game, but I’ve gotten close a few times. Check it out if you enjoy difficult platformersFor more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,239350,10724754,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TECH097,"To me what makes this game is the co-op mode.  It might be considered gimmicky or unfitting for a game like this, but IDK it actually works.  It not only encourages friendly competitiveness, but also gives a layer of depth to deciding what treasures to get, what paths to take, and what items to buy.  IDK I get along with my best friend when I play this game and we have a blast (him being the serious player I being the goof), and on it's own the game has tons of replayability.  I just think the grind to unlock the next world is less grindy if you have someone to play it with."
76561198105078409,Recommended,239350,16066048,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,999penguins,"so fantasticits pretty funny, dont get killed by blue frogs"
,Recommended,239350,16766526,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,XionChaos,"This game is epic, great replayability. I recommend it to everyone. Easy to play, but still hard to beat/complete all of the achievements."
76561198054917046,Recommended,239350,11694584,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,peanutcrackerful,"This game makes me cry, I love it."
76561198047328877,Recommended,239350,10142213,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Tjally,"This game? Mixed bag. I'm recommending it because it was indeed fun and had me playing it for some time. Yet there were moments that I genuinely hated this game,Running is fast and awesome, but a single mistake and lead you to take a hit, fall down, take an arrow to the kidney and fall into spikes. This happened so many times that it was simply not funny anymore when I was playing the game obsessively. Every time I had to go through the easier levels I would lose concentration and get hurt because I was speeding, yet, even when being ultra careful, I would find myself sinking into pointy spikes 50% of the time. Not to mention the hypersensitive shopkeepers! I warn you now, do not even SNEEZE in their presence!Yet at one moment this stopped happening as much as it did in the beginning and I started to appreciate all the small things that this game has to offer. The items you can get, what they unlock, how they unlock- it's all hidden right below the surface, some are easy to find just by playing, others need previous unlocks to be accessible. Sometimes this makes a specific run impossible simply because you missed an opportunity, but that does not matter as much.The game can get really really exciting. Trying to fly over a spike pit with a bat on your tail and a snail right on your landing platform without taking damage- it can get very intense when you get further than you usually do, and finding a secret is satisfying and takes you all the way back to the oldschool games.This is a very good game. I wish it didn't depend so much on being careful and mindful. ( running just feels so good in this game, being careful feels like walking with your legs dragging over the ground ) A definite buy for everyone who enjoys a rogue-like old school game with lots of replayability and secrets. Also great with co-op!"
,Recommended,239350,8323725,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bradginald,"A great Indie Roguelike Action-Platformer, with great music and a punishing difficulty, but each death will either be completely your fault or completely hilarious!  10/10 Did buy again!"
76561198051887210,Recommended,239350,8691090,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,GoldenLombax,"I cannot recommend this game enough. It's brilliant.It's one of those games that gets its hooks in you and you just can't stop. The Daily Challenge provides a fun little experience where every player gets the same seed and you go for the highest score.The game is difficult though. I won't lie. Dying on a Daily by a stupid mistake or a jump that didn't go to plan does make you want to scratch out your eyes. If you like to go for achievements and stuff, good luck. Collecting no treasure on a run or completing the game in under 8 minutes will test you like never before. There are even a bunch of cool mods that have been made for this game.All in all, I love everything about Spelunky. Don't think about it, just buy it.And if you buy this, go into the settings and change the damsels to Pugs. It's the only way."
,Recommended,239350,5833612,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Igston,"It's a damn hard and unforgiving game, but it's also a damn GREAT one at that. I recommend it wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,239350,2046626,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Nai255,"One of the most punishing platformers you'll probably play, yet it hurts so good. The rough nature of this game may put off those not into roguelikes, but if you enjoy games like Rogue Legacy and Super Meat Boy, this one's a no-brainer. Just remember, failure will only make you stronger and more determined (and possibly a bit rustled under the jimmies)"
,Recommended,239350,8899862,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,RetroFish,"Play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, people."
,Recommended,239350,10246793,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ngamer,An absolute Game of the Generation contender... that will unfortunately only be played by 1/10 as many people as it should because it's SOOOOOO HARD.  But talk about rewarding!
,Recommended,239350,9767223,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ozotojc,"If you like platformers with a challenge then, as long as you have the patience, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,239350,8498197,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Frunklin,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,239350,8324850,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,IPugsley,"C'MONC'MON ALREADYJUST DO ITSeriously, this game is ridiculously amazing.C'MOOONNNNN"
,Recommended,239350,7406460,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,frig,"if you rearrange the title you get ""el spunky"" and i think thats worth $15 alone"
,Recommended,239350,8428674,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jess,"Spelunky is a ♥♥♥♥ing brutal game.  But that's okay, because Spelunky isn't actually about winning: it's about being perfectly fine one moment, and then getting ruthlessly murdered in the most unlikely and hilarious way a second later."
76561198131907224,Recommended,239350,9844982,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,JohnPi,The trailer does not do the game justice.
,Recommended,239350,8319263,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,⅕ one5th,"There's a good reason I've spent so many hours playing Spelunky, and there are several you should aswell. Few games have such depth and rich interactions that leave you discovering new things just as you felt you mastered everything there is to master. 100% worth buying."
,Recommended,239350,9402065,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Only took me like nine months to beat this game for the first time.A++ WOULD DEF RECOMMEND TO TIRELESS SHUTINS AND OCD CRAZIES!
,Recommended,239350,26813824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DankBooty420,"Good game design should require equal parts dexterity and aptitude to fully master. Spelunky is the quintessential, flawless example of excellent design in gaming. Every death feels like it's your own fault. Nothing is cheap. You should be able to beat the game on every run, no matter how many obstacles lay before you, and yet, there's always that one or two mistakes that end up doing you in. I vividly recall both times I beat this game in it's normal, Olmac completion. They stick with you."
,Recommended,239350,8896697,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,adamdevo,Great game. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,239350,8555593,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,banin,"It's insanely hard and frustrating, thats why you gonna love it"
,Recommended,239350,23886512,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,shanwichs,"I died well over 100 times, without getting threw level 4.edit: i oragonally gave this game a poor review.. but its actually addicting and fun."
,Recommended,239350,8175429,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rachael,it will make you so angry you will want to throw the damn pug and feed it to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ piranhas.
76561198054144670,Recommended,239350,26822680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Allahu Akbar Sosa Chan,Its gud
,Recommended,239350,13550063,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Turing :D,"Don't let its childlike aesthetic fool you, this is a torturous and tortuous game, full of many unexpected events that make you question your skills as a gamer. This game is quite entertaining and difficult beyond comprehension. At any turn you can be reminded of your mortality with a trap or mob, and be forced to restart due to carelessness or the games reproach for letting you win. This ""gem"" is full of gold, mystery, muschief, and asholic humor, yet I can't hate it. The gaming mechanics are well thought and designed, and I advise you bring a friend to relish in the pain along side you so you can hopefully have a better chance of going further with help."
76561198067023146,Recommended,239350,8526276,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,me me thicc boi,Buy it
,Recommended,239350,27764376,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shalashaska,I can't stop playing this game. It keeps throwing surprise after surprise and there's many secrets to be found.The daily challenges are addicting.
,Recommended,239350,8506545,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Danyaell,"Amazing game! Very hard and punishing, but very rewarding and makes you wanna play more.The story is also nice, with heaps of references including Indiana Jones, Dracula, Dune and Evil Dead!"
,Recommended,239350,8358913,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Myth,"I really wasnt sure about this game, but given the price in the steam sales and the excellent review given by PC Gamer I decided to pick it up.  Its extremely addictive and fun. The fear that mounts as you get deeper into the dungeons due to the perma death is great.I cant count how many times I've screamed out ""ahh spider"" or ""OMG Ghost"" making my girlfriend jump.  She took the micky out of my girly screams at one point so I got the ultimate revenge...I bought it for her. lol.Myth. :D"
,Recommended,239350,8451508,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Giant Haystacks,"This is perhaps the best new game I've played in months, the true quality of which only comes to the fore after a few hours play.On the surface it's a pretty and charming rogue like, with a simple pick up and play approach.  You die frequently and often, which initially can be frustrating.  However, as you play more, the elegant balance of risk and reward becomes more obvious.  A quick run through a level can be simple and safe but will leave you light on resources for when things become more troublesome.  Alternatively, spend too long stocking up on treasure and equipment and you live a more risky life.All this, coupled with plentiful secrets, hidden levels and bonus items (nice Evil Dead reference, chaps) make this a game a little classic."
,Recommended,239350,7838879,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ben,"It's so simple, and so hard, and so fun, and so frustrating, and so you should buy it, too."
,Recommended,239350,9805877,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Eprocarsovic,nice game
76561198001224494,Recommended,239350,8349753,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dr. Venture,I can't recommend this game enough. Played best with a controller. Very challenging. Randomly generated levels and permadeath.
76561198081141966,Recommended,239350,10394008,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SOL,its good
76561198028247647,Recommended,239350,8048081,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Bird Past,Can play this game for hours.  Love it.
,Recommended,239350,8049041,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,js10101,Best platformer I've played in years
76561198047850891,Recommended,239350,9212400,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Eleanor,"This game is like crack. You start with just a try and you just keep doing it over and over until you find yourself in a trance to a point where you spend hours and hours just trying to do SOMETHING AND EVENTUALLY YOU GET SOMETHING DONE AND YOU GOT SHOT BY A SHOPKEEP INTO A BLUE FROG AND THEN YOU LAND INSIDE OF OLD BITEY'S MOUTH. ♥♥♥♥. Seriously buy this game, it's good."
,Recommended,239350,9218284,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,bulletproof,Support russian! Please!
,Recommended,239350,9218453,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Gonzo Monkey,The crack cocaine of the video game world - simultaneously soul destroying and yet here I am coming back for more...
,Recommended,239350,10872670,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,H̵̬̰̹͇̫̻͙̤͚otbingo,I hate this game with a burning passion.10/10 would start from the beginning again.
76561198002009022,Recommended,239350,12613202,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ZarquonReturns,"This game is a buttocks-hole, but one with a great sense of humor. You will die sooooo much, yet you will bust a gut laughing and cursing at it at the same time.This is just the right balance of deadly platform gaming for me, with more variety than Rogue Legacy, and less insanely punishing level design than Super Meat Boy (albeit ever-changing, so no memorizing patterns here). Its cartoony facade hides a gleefully sadistic master of dungeon entrapment. Someday I'll show that danged shopkeeper I ain't no terrist (though I will kill him). Viva Spelunky!"
,Recommended,239350,7865339,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Duunimestari,5/5
,Recommended,239350,11685574,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Victoria((～￣(OO)￣)ブ),So cute~~!!
76561198046583678,Recommended,239350,9132678,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Pierre,"This game is GREAT - You can play it hours opon hours and not get bored, The game is a cute and simplistic game yet extremly frusterating, if you want a platformer i would play this game"
,Recommended,239350,8683484,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,muons,"My story goes like many others. I bought this game (I got it on sale for $3.74) to see what all the commotion was about. Sudddenly, 9 hours had past and I remembered my essay I had to write. I just couldn't help it. I had to go back. Overll, I can say that any body can say that this game is at least creative.The only time I had seen this before was in a Jwittz video. So, as a recap this game was addictive, and very creative"
,Recommended,239350,9772112,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Berg ZuckerMuck,You have not lived untill you have played this
,Recommended,239350,20956580,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MrDragonboy96,"Spelunky is a really addicting game with lot of features^^But keep in mind that the game isn't easy. You need time to learn everything and become better.The mines in the are always random so you won't experience the same game every playthrought.There are not that much items in this game but if you learn to use the items correctly you can change the whole game.Just keep in mind that you have to be rrreeaallly careful because you can die too easy in this game.Overall it's a great, funny and challenging game and if you like Rogue Likes then this game is for you^^"
,Recommended,239350,18008310,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Pengu,"I find this game very fun. It can be challenging at times and annoying, but over all very fun and addictive. 8.5/10"
76561197960866753,Recommended,239350,8762870,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DestO,Most addictive and challenging game in a while. Permadeath! So many ways to die! Tense moments. Love it! Precise gameplay and randomized levels keep you coming back for more. Nostalgic feel takes me back to my early gaming days. Gotta go! Time for more Spelunky!!
,Recommended,239350,22405862,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SpeedyReedyTV,"One of my favourite indie titles. Not easy by any stretch of the imagination, but rarely unfair. A rogue-lite platformer filled with secrets and a variety of traps and enemies, backed by great visuals and an excellent soundtrack. A must-have!"
,Recommended,239350,8210803,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,RedToad64,"Randomized levels and gameplay each time you play! Extremely hard difficulty makes you be careful and learn how the game works... but it never feels frustrating. Four player local co-op, a daily challenge mode, and the inclusion of all the DLC from the 360 version makes this particular port the best of the bunch. No online multiplayer, but maybe in the future."
,Recommended,239350,368402,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,zerofiftyone,"One of my all time favourite games, finally out on the PC."
76561197995072772,Recommended,239350,8515681,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,VicGin,"Probably my new favorite game.  The game never really presents you with a situation where you don't have the tools to deal with it.  It takes really basic platforming skills (jump, run, throw, ledge grab) and presents them in such a refined and polished way that it's really up to the player.  No bad mechanics, no gimmicks, just you.Its a game where even being horrible at it is tons of fun :)  You are going to die - repeatedly.  And usually in the most humiliating fashion.  But it never feels cheap.  You died because you stuffed up (or got greedy).  Learn from it.  Laugh at it.  Post it on youtube.And daily challenges are awesome!  Little bit sized, easy to sit down, once a day chunks of spelunky goodness.Basically, in a sentence -> Buy this game!"
,Recommended,239350,24781363,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kyrpäjyrä,A classic re-released on steam with a ton of updates. An extremely challenging game that will force you to hone your spelunking skills.
,Recommended,239350,2721689,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Kain Highwind,"Love this game beyond belief, I've played it for too long already but I just can't get enough.This game ain't for no babby girl, it'll♥♥♥♥♥♥on your head from 1 wrong move. Best rogue like I've played in a while! <3"
76561197965827566,Recommended,239350,7527202,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,katanatommy,If you loved Mario you are gonna love this!!
76561198059416502,Recommended,239350,8321566,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Schmishell,"This game will build you up and make you feel like an absolute king, and then you fall hit the floor too hard and get hit by a tiki trap which makes you cry but it doesn't get any better than that because it keeps making you come back for more even if it is just the daily challenge every day you will find yourself coming back time and time again"
,Recommended,239350,7535617,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Istvan,"A very challenging and mostly fair roguelike. I don't even remember when I last played a game in which I actually cared about high scores, and I'm loving the fact that I do. This is a game you want all your friends to play to determine who is the greatest defiler."
,Recommended,239350,16928360,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Isaacalb31,"A great game about searching caves for treasure. However if you don't like perma deaths this is one so don't buy it. This is a very difficult game with weird controls but this just make it so satisfying when you do well. It is very hard maybe too hard at times, if you aren't concentrating for a millisecond you are dead but overall an amazing game."
76561198199659429,Recommended,239350,21232081,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,•Jinxed-N@@B•,> What I like about this game+ It's a great platformer+ It's replayable+ 1 of the best indie games ever+ Great the play with a controler+ It has a great tutorial+ It's fun the play with friends+ Changing levels+ funny cartoon style+ It's in 2D+ The levels change everytime+ Has great  music> What I don't like about this game- There are not a lot of enieme types> scorpion> caveman> bat> jumping spider- There are not a lot of levels- There are not a lot of playable charachters- The music will irritate you over time- It's sometimes a little hard- It's not such a good game to play with a keyboard- Teleporters are worthlies the kill you quicker instate of really helping you-8/10 would spelunk again+ I would buy it when the price is between 8 - 10 euro or lower on the xbox console
,Recommended,239350,16148444,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Katipo007,Really great game! It is really hard to complete but still fun! Its even better when playing with friends!Still haven't even got to the final boss... 11/10
,Recommended,239350,18705531,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hurius,"This game is hell!!Spelunky is the most frustrating game you probably will ever play, you can have everything you can ask for in one run, and then, 20 seconds later you are dead, RNG will f*** you up, dark levels, Spider levels, traps triggering shopkeepers, everything will make you want to rage quit this game, and eventually you will alt + f4 and say f*** you spelunky.But, then the next day you will open the game again and torture yourself more.If you do this, and if you like this game, you are probably a masochist, so am I."
,Recommended,239350,8911745,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Acey,"Spelunky recently recieved the Game of the Year award in 2013. Its a great rougelike game (permadeath). it is a platformer similar to splunker for the NES (throw back*) and is just fun. as you play more you delve deeper into your own tomb finding  bats snakes, mummies, and even aliens among all other sorts of stuff. Speunky has a Indana Jones flair too. I would recommend this to anyone with a PC /xbox controller and who enjoys games like mario, castlevania, or even contra. futher, the original spelunky is free so if you aren't sure if you want to spend the money right now, go try the free original and then make a  decision. Its a real gem in the FPS land that we live in. and if you have friends, you can ahve 4 player co-op!basically, you jump and kill things but if you die its over.  Give it a try!5 stolen idols out of 5 ~~~I say~~~~Buy it"
,Recommended,239350,8127902,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,not jaden smith,"An excellent game. I play this all the time, and the general appeal of it is amazing. The rougelike aspect is just wonderful, and the ever-changing levels, challenging enemies, secrets, are just another part to the whole game. There are so many ways to play this game, I can't believe that you would ever get bored of it.If I had to give it a ""Rating"", it would be a 8/10."
76561198048264583,Recommended,239350,8464746,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Other Dongo,"Get this.....no no.....dont' ask questions, you can thank me later. What's that, you want a 'proper' review? Ok, imagine a game with infinite, yes infinite replayability. A game that is so addictive that after playing only 3 hours of, I already wish there was more hours in a day. A game that every time you play it you discover something new; a satanic ritual stone, a long buried alien vessel, a huge web, an underground tribe.....need I say more, so don't ask questions, just buy."
76561197978669161,Recommended,239350,11867431,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Guinness McGuinness,"Collect treasure. Outsmart, outrun or fight through creatures and traps. You will get hosed by a yeti that throws you across a cave onto spikes. You will lose hold of your weapon and drop it into lava. You will be assaulted be a suprisingly agile shopkeeper over misunderstood intentions. You will die often, losing everything, having to start over from the beggining. Somehow all of those things will make you laugh more often than cry. You'll never see the same cave twice so it's endlessly replayable. Many difficult acheivements and daily challenge leaderboard give incentive to keep coming back for more even after you've managed to beat it a few times. Between the original version and the Steam version I'd guess that I've made it through maybe 20 times in about 2500 attempts."
76561198038058805,Recommended,239350,10474826,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ChibiMik3,"Extremely hard and awesome Indie platformer in which everything, stationary or mobile, is out there to kill you. After a brief tutorial of games mechanics you are thrown into a dungeon in which the only way to escape is by beating the game. Every dungeon is randomly generated and every death will only respawn you at the beginning lobby.This game teaches you everything the hard way. ""What is that monkey gonna do?"" And next you are lying impaled to a spike trap. Even throwing a stone at wrong place and time may cause a chain reaction which will lead to great amount of pain. So yeah.. almost every new encounter will result to either losing life or death. But little by little you gain knowledge of everything in the game and with this knowledge you will finally survive through Caves, Jungle, Ice Caves, Temple and Hell.One of the features is daily challenge in which you may compete with your friends or world-wide for the highest score in the same seed(identical maps).Game can also be played locally with max 4 players and will usually lead to bloodshed, pain and laughter since you can't turn friendly-fire off. If your friend brutally murdered you for your bombs, don't worry. Even as a ghost you may still push your friend into a set of spikes as a revenge.So if you love challenge, survival and permanent deaths you should buy this game. It's worth it!Also remember to kill every shopkeeper. They charge way too much for their items and the game was way too easy to begin with."
,Recommended,239350,11110065,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Transflux,"This game is just awesome. One of the first things you'll notice is that the music is pretty great, but that's the least of what's to come. The gameplay is difficult but rewarding, and the random level generation combined with the interesting gameplay elements makes it worth trekking your way through the ""same"" few levels over and over again until you finally get good enough to make it to the Jungle. After that, you only keep getting better, and you really start to get into it. There are plenty of mechanics to discover, and every item and enemy is different from the last. Even once you beat the game, that's not the end. The phrase, ""It's not about the destination, it's the journey"" really applies to this game. It has crazy replay value, not to mention that there's another, much more difficult ending. Some of the replay value comes from trying to get better scores, and expanding on that, the Daily Challenge, which is all about scores as well as competing with friends. The Daily Challenge takes an already addictively replayable game and gives it what it needs to be a game you'll want to just keep on playing."
,Recommended,239350,8694596,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Gonads,I am terrible at it yet still gain tremendous pleasure from it. Wish it supported online coop but nto having it is probably for the best to avoid losing all my friends by consistently killing them through being constantly too excited and gung ho.
76561198001118208,Recommended,239350,10591845,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Coopers,Addictive
,Recommended,239350,10915677,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Diesel Manslaughter,Tons of fun. Much roguelike.
76561198046041120,Recommended,239350,10957918,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gimp Suit Sandshrew,This game is infuriateingly difficult and almost impossible it seems to open all the shortcuts by yourself. 10/10
76561198115749372,Recommended,239350,11001688,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Clancy,This game can be a test of your wits and make you want to throttle and uppercut the screen at times.. Other times can be the most satisfying experience in platformer history.
,Recommended,239350,9194337,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Frostoh,"Where do I begin?Spelunky is a rogue-like platformer (the love child of isaac and super meat boy) and does a damn good job at being one.The game looks  beautiful, and has its own charm (Monty NOOOO!!). And while the game can be frustrating at times, you always feel that each death you learned something new. The music is superb and makes the game even more addicting. Even after you ""beat"" the game, there are many things to try in Spelunky and Spelunky is a game that you play for the experience and fun, not for completion. The only times the game is truly unfair is when Shopkeepers get angered or the Altars get destroyed, but that just adds to the randomness of this game that makes it so great. The only cons of this game is that the local multiplayer can be a hassle sometimes but can be fun if you work it out. (Good Teamwork achievement ugghhhh) And even as you get better in Spelunky, it always retains its challenge, but now you know how to overcome these challenges more efficiently.Prepare to die. ;)"
76561197970364217,Recommended,239350,8725962,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mr. Wonderful,"So frustrating, so fun."
,Recommended,239350,9718026,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Bocob,"Probably the best video game I have played in years. The precise controls and randomly generated levels full of traps and enemies constantly test your skill and punish any mistakes you make. When you die it is always your fault, and you can usually see immediately where you went wrong or what you could have done differently. The leaderboards and daily challenge makes competing against friends fun and easy. If you put in a little bit of effort to learn the mechanics you may just find the most satisfyingly difficult game you've ever played. If you enjoy roguelike games you owe it to yourself to buy this game."
,Recommended,239350,10718176,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,hug niceman,it is good. you like it.game good.
,Recommended,239350,10762625,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Julia,"Awesome! Lots of fun, don't have all the instructions but enjoyed learning :)"
,Recommended,239350,10774651,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SnoBoarder,"Addicting game. Took me awhile to get into it, but once I did, Spelunky became my go to game whenever I just want to relax (it's not a relaxing game though)."
,Recommended,239350,10779389,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nothing Exciting Really,"So far this game is tons of fun. The controls do feel a little loose at time though. Well worth the price during a sale, but not for full."
76561198056247846,Recommended,239350,8435759,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,goldjet32,"rewards smart, strategic and quick players"
76561198026287405,Recommended,239350,10711800,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,I Luv Catgirls,It good.
,Recommended,239350,7759575,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,petrograde,"If you enjoy any trappings of rogue like/lites like random generation, permadeath, and powerup creep, they're are all present and work perfectly. A paradigm of ""easy to learn, hard to master"". Only thing is you're probably better off buying this on the Vita, it's better there. And I mean like a lot of people own Vitas, right?Right guys?Well I own a Vita..."
76561198055441095,Recommended,239350,9176595,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Doomulos,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. The sheer replayability combined with the fantastic scope makes this a great purchase for anyone. A warning: Difficulty curve is steep, which some might find offputting.#sloth life forever"
,Recommended,239350,8167549,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Oziman,"A freshing take on what is the oldest of old skool platformers. In the first few minutes I was reminded of Roland on the Ropes, a classic from the 8bit Home Computer Era(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6bJnZkNSQ8). The Cell shaded animated gfx of this title are just beautiful, lovingly crafted and beautifully executed this is an old skool 2D platformer with 21st Century polish. I can see me playing this for years to come and never loving it less. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,239350,10343578,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,@BaboonLord,"This game is super fun, you play - you die - But! - you learn.It's an addictive cycle that coupled with it's randomness creates so much fun without a single dialogue to go trough :)"
76561198035460520,Recommended,239350,7933788,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ghamstah,Worst game I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,6729862,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,UltraPikmin,This is a randomly generated roguelike platformer where you have to go through various difficult levels to finally escape from the eternal curse.There's always something new to explore and learning your enemies' patterns is key to victory.If you have a friend you can play together for even more fun!I really recommend this game to everyone.Ragequits guaranteed!9/10
76561197999401686,Recommended,239350,9589429,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,0PercentElite,"I am absolutely in love with this game, the randomness of the items and levels makes every time you play just a little different. The learning curve is steep and this game will brutally stomp you for the first several hours. After you start to learn the items and some common rooms that get generated though it starts to become easier to delve deeper and deeper. Theres hundreds if not thousands of hours worth of eastereggs and secrets to uncover here."
,Recommended,239350,8788402,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,CosinusCarotide,"Very similar to The Binding of Isaac in essence, but in a totally different setting. Spelunky is a difficult game with a steep lurning curve, but not so difficult as to be unfair. Honing your skills takes some time but is very rewarding in the end. The game is filled with hidden gameplay mechanics and riddles, for those who like to discover things by themselves. Other people will just read a wiki and enjoy the game solely for its skill-based challenge."
76561197990052260,Recommended,239350,9771108,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Cool Dude Man,"Bought this game expecting a relaxing little casual platformer (because of the graphics), which was a mistake, but it ended up being amazing. I hate it, but I love it. You die so often and don't feel like you're getting any better, even though you are. You surprise yourself when you react to something that killed you before. Rage quitted a lot but can't stop playing it."
76561198056079515,Recommended,239350,10812126,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Linkruler,"Though it doesn't seem to offer much for the price, Spelunky is definitely worth your pretty penny! Out of the 5 worlds (exluding hidden areas), you would think it wouldn't contain much. That would be completely false, though, as with most roguelikes, this game is hard, and you will most indefinitely die stupid deaths over and over again. This means you really need to be able to learn from mistakes you make and find different ways to maneuver through problems you confront. Though this trial and error pattern doesn't entertain certain groups of people, those who can tolerate it will have a blast!"
76561198074405252,Recommended,239350,10228161,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Birdflu,"If ever you meet a man who tells you to become one of those clandestine sort, then start playing Spelunky. At least until the zombies or liberals, or whoever, come knocking on your door. This is not a political statement."
,Recommended,239350,15124471,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,burythehammer,"Spelunky is one of my favourite games. The constituent parts are simple - it's a platformer with strong rogue-like elements. That is, permadeath with random levels, and as hard as nails.A good complete playthrough will take about 20 minutes, but you'll spend tens of hours perfecting your skills to get to the stage where you can actually beat the game.The controls are perfect, the mechanics extremely well tuned, and the game never feels unfair. Every situation is navigable, every death preventable, it just depends upon your skills. And deaths are hilarious - they're usually something really stupid you've done.I once saw a streamer (Anthony Burch of HAWP fame) daze himself from falling and ended up accidentally sacrificing himself on an altar, killing himself instantly. Right near the end of the game.My favourite part of this game is just how much the randomness affects the game strategy and gameplay in general. Random levels often feel bland and uninspired, but Spelunky manages to make the randomness really matter. You have to make meaningful decisions and hedge your bets. I could use a bomb, but, I've only got 3 left and might need to use a couple later on..Anyway, this is the cream of the crop as far as platformer roguelikes go. There are none better, that I've played."
,Recommended,239350,11815880,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,nakazoto,"At first I didn't particularly like this game.  I thought it was far too difficult.  But, it was 2D, which meant it was one of the few games I own that I could enjoy with my wife.  We take turns playing the single player game and after a short while, we were both addicted.  It's now a thing we always do together.  We watch a little TV while we eat dinner, then we play Spelunky.  It's just someting that's part of our daily routine.I absolutely adore this game now, both for the challenge it presents and for the time I get to spend with my favorite person.As far as gameplay goes, it's frustratingly difficult and you will rage quit often.  However, the controls are tight and ultra precise and very rarely do you feel you lost because the game cheated you.  You can almost always find where you made a mistake and that was what resulted in your untimely death.For difficulty, it took us around 100 hours to beat the first, normal boss.  For the secret, hidden, true boss it took near 170 hours!  That's a huge amount of bang for your buck!I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for a great 2D platformer that doesn't pull any punches."
,Recommended,239350,12874046,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,silverm00nl1ght,"This game has made me cry on multiple occasions.Don't get me wrong; this is a fantastic game and I have had a lot of fun playing it, but, just to give you an idea of how hard it is (for me, anyway) - I've played this game nearly 2000 times and have only won 2 times. Pretty crappy.However, it is so satisfying when you do win - a feeling which I don't get from many games, which I think makes Spelunky special.If you're up for a challenge, this is the game for you. But be warned - it may have adverse effects on your sanity."
,Recommended,239350,15103442,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Robertjjturner,"Truly great fun, requires problem solving, dexterity and skill to negogiate your way around the caves. Multiplayer, fantastic! Brings friends together and...brings out the worst in people in team work related matters. The only quibble I have with it, is that, you can only unlock level and characters on single player, not multiplayer, would be nice if that wasn't the case. Brilliant fun overall though, recommended :)"
,Recommended,239350,21669738,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpXOdRt3QVY&list=PLp47VywvC3bE-bHp7tLvAk6CHnaTV9_le&index=20Too long; didn't watch -- Spelunky is a super fun, super challenging platformer that offers infinite replay value thanks to its procedurally generated levels."
,Recommended,239350,21113952,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,jdanielp,Infinitely replayable fun.
,Recommended,239350,13872901,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Blonde James Deen,SPELUNK A DUNK THA FUNK
76561198050722862,Recommended,239350,9414382,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Zodie,"It's a very good game. Although it's pretty hard in the beggining, you'll get used to it, and learn from your mistakes."
76561197970622700,Recommended,239350,10713972,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Juralis,"Great fun and very addictive!  Easy to get the hang of it, but hard to master."
,Recommended,239350,30381737,Posted: 7 March,all,ferinmel,"So I managed to finish the game after like... Two years? Yeah, something like that. Addicting♥♥♥♥♥♥ would recommend to platformer lovers"
,Recommended,239350,13013179,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[LUE] Sarcaustic,"Short descriptive phrases to summarize my experience- tremendously addictive- very fun, but very challenging- tight controls reminiscent of SNES platformersGrowing up in the 8 & 16 bit era ironed into my brain a love for platformer games.  If you miss the days of Mario, Sonic and their likes, but want an at times frustratingly unforgiving challenge, try Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,20679160,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,n8114tw,"Easy to play, hard to master.This game is hard, but fair. Everytime you die, you know you made a mistake. It's never rng. You can calculate everything and can be pretty good in this game, if you can be patient.It took me ~80 hours to get all the achievements in this game. And still after that, I come back to it and play the daily challenge or just a normal run by time, cause this game is fun.Don't give up, when you die. Learn from your mistakes and be better next time!It's worth the money."
,Recommended,239350,6473688,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Dr. avocado,"SPOILERS: Almost every single level that has a shopkeeper will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you due to random explosions in the jungle, ice caves that contain land mines, and the temple because of anubis spammer his scepter and for ABSOLUTELY no reason, the shopkeeper WILL always blame everything on you! And also, there are random women stuck in walls that will usually cause one bomb to rescue a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who simply cannot put themselves at greater danger or not.10/10 This game is absolutely perfect. BUY IT and remember to never purchase spectacles in game. Unless you're some kind of loser."
76561198115332412,Recommended,239350,14754867,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,SureYouPelican,2spelunky4me
,Recommended,239350,19700158,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,★ Sir Masl ♥ ツ,"Amazing Rogue-like game with smooth and easy controls, random world generator and decent looking graphics. Just one tip ... prepare to die a lot :) Fun is also included ^^"
76561197989688921,Recommended,239350,17330175,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,phisstek,Best platformer ever! Takes a while to learn but it's really rewarding once you get good at it. Gogo eggplant run
,Recommended,239350,15717127,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,jew man,"Hours and hours of replayability. Easy to learn, impossible to master"
76561198055853020,Recommended,239350,7834097,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[CONAN?]Bmooney15,eh
,Recommended,239350,16800104,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jsoh,its good
,Recommended,239350,8771511,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Flarphengarg,"Spelunky is one of the best platformers I have ever played. You have to dodge traps, kill monsters, and not get killed. It is a very difficult but very addicting game that will make your pants feel like they are made of arnold schwarzenegger's left bicep."
,Recommended,239350,9769678,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Cybert_Votemode Custom 2016,"Buy it, you don't need to know anything more."
76561198031396215,Recommended,239350,16848051,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"I am starting to get biased with rougelike games; however, I will say Spelunky is objectively a solid and well polished title, and the care given by the development team is apparent.I don't know if I will personally sink a ton of time into it, but it's an enjoyable game and I understand why it is loved by many."
76561197973548719,Recommended,239350,16970040,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MisterMagellan,"Based on a the extremely hard Metroidvania La Mulana comes the extremely hard rogue-like Spelunky. This game is simply amazing. Difficult? Yes. Frustrating? At times. Addictive? Very. Rewarding? Most definitely.The amount of depth to this game is astounding, and it always makes you want to come back to try just one more time. I could say much more, but it's better experiencing yourself. If you have any enjoyment of rogue-likes or games that test your true skill, don't hesitate to buy this. If you are unsure, buy this and give it a shot."
,Recommended,239350,16825366,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Stowie,"The game’s title should be“trial and error”.  You’ll die a lot in this game and to continue any further, you’ll have to learn about your mistakes.You have to be very patient and carefulwhile playing Spelunky, rushing through the levels will get you killed immediately.Any mistake will punish you here.So I wouldn’t recommend this game to impatient people or people that don’t like the“trial and error”mechanic.The game’s hard but not frustrating(In my opinion, dying in this game makes you want to play more), there’sa lot of content and variety(items, enemies, levels, etc), the visuals are unique and even if the game’s 2D, it really dives you into it.I love the concept of theJournal:it’s a book with all the information of the game (places, enemies, items…) that you fill up once you interacted with it for the first time. For instance, you forgot what an item does you can check what it does. But I think I like the drawings, yeah… I like the drawings more.My complaints would be thatit takes some time to get used to the controls.Even though it’s about learning from your mistakes, sometimes obstacles are almost impossible to avoid leading tocheap deaths(trust me, there’s a lot of BS).It’s a shamethere’s a lot of characters but they’re just skins,it would have been cool if they started with different starting items/ abilities.Still a very addicting game where you rescuepugs.Yup,pugs & drawingsare my jam."
76561198004858910,Recommended,239350,11284595,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RevolverLink,"Half a year after I first beat the game, I'm still playing Spelunky. I'm always playing Spelunky. I'm beginning to think that Spelunky is the only game I've ever played, and that my memories of all other games are just fever dreams caused by playing too much Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,12299532,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,KittyKatKuddler,"OMG... Yeeeehaaaawww.... Argh... I haaattee this game... looove it!!!! Y so haaaaRd?!? NOOOO UNFAAAIR I HAD THE SCEPTER!!! HaaateEEEE IIITT! ...I love you game, sry!10/10"
76561198061855149,Recommended,239350,8495229,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,O Retorno é o Caralho,10/10.
,Recommended,239350,10023813,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,BigTiddieTyrone,"I love this game to death, 20 levels, but hundreds of hours of replayability. This game is easy to play but difficult to master. There are so many different side goals in Spelunky. High scores, Time runs, eggplant runs, trying to destroy every Kali Altar you see to get the ghost and ball and chain, and beating all the achievements. I beat Olmec (1st boss) at 27 hours played, and 57 hours played for the 2nd boss, Yama, and I have played even more afterwards just to beat all of the goals I want, 1000000000/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,239350,8103183,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Kitchen Jesus,This god for saken game is the hardest thing I've played.GET IT!
,Recommended,239350,7429462,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Marksman46,"Random everytime, fast paced gameplay and heart stopping moments, this game is real fun, I definitely suggest giving it a try. :D"
,Recommended,239350,541859,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,MujuJuJu,"Very fun platformer, with a lot of challenge thanks to a significant cast of monsters and enemies, and randomly generated maps which guarantee that you will NEVER play the same map twice. Loot chests and buried treasure to increase your score, and utilise a vast array of items to help you advance through the levels and worlds."
,Recommended,239350,891082,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Barcode x_x,IT'S SO RIDICULOUSLY GOOD I HEAR THERE'S A CITY MADE OF GOLD
,Recommended,239350,9021088,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mole,"Deep, diverse and extremely challenging, Spelunky never fails to provide memorable experiences. After 80 hours of gameplay I have finally mastered the game well enough to earn the last of the achievements, and even after that I'm still having fun with the game. The Daily Challenges are also a fantastic addition to keep replay value high. If you enjoy a challenge, get Spelunky. It's worth every cent of its remarkably low price."
,Recommended,239350,9074086,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Sailo,Blue Frog OP
76561198093016375,Recommended,239350,9441502,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mr Crowley,"Step one load the game, die in three seconds and laughStep two retry, die in two seconds and cryStep three repeat steps one and two until you realise this is the best game ever"
,Recommended,239350,9089569,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hill,"Very addicting platformer.  Takes a while to get into the swing of things, but once you master the controls, you will have a blast.  Big thumbs up for this one."
,Recommended,239350,8423169,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,shitstain,"This is pretty much roguelike-platformer: prepare to die edition. If you don't know what's spelunky all about: it's a game about Spelunky Guy (yea) who descends into deepest depths of mines and looks for some ULTIMATE TREZUREEEEE (to the max). Games involves some basic controls (dpad, A,B,X,Y and 1 trigger should be enough), also some oldschool mechanics, like the items you actively use must be carried (so no throwing rocks if you're holding a laser gun). I find it a little bit annoying but I guess that's how the game was supposed to be. Even though you can prevent death by being extra careful this game is really hard at times (particularly when you're racing against time). If you love roguelikes and dying a lot before you progress and perfect your game, this game will serve you right."
,Recommended,239350,8450887,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bodiddley,"This is the epitome of great game design. Excellent mechanics, detailed and colourful art, and enjoyably difficult. If you have some spare cash and enjoy platformers this is a must have. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,239350,8410564,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nand,If you don't like spelunky take yo broke♥♥♥♥♥home.
76561197981147776,Recommended,239350,7831155,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,"Sapphire, Seeker of Truth","First of all, do not be fooled by my steam playtime for I played much more of the game on my Vita.The game is very good if you like a REALLY balls to the wall difficult platformer. It has great longevity as well due to semi-secret stages as well as the element of random level generation.However! If you DO NOT have the patience to spend a lot of time figuring out how the game works, then it will be very, very frustrating, with risk of rage quitting, never touching the game again. Do not be fooled by my steam playtime for I played much more of the game on my Vita.All things considered I would definitly pick it up during a Steam Sale, however if you consider buying it for full price I'd suggest watching some Youtube vids on it to make sure it is what you expect."
,Recommended,239350,7830658,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Deryago,"I love the platformer take on the classic roguelike formula. It holds true to the genre, whereas most other entries tend to allow some level of snowballing and steamrolling til the end. I've seen players die from their own dropped shotgun being launched by a bomb across the stage to hit them in the face. It's very challenging.As a note, I've played it with both keyboard and controller. Normally I prefer keyboard, but this definitely feels better with a controller."
,Recommended,239350,7995880,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,"Carl ""Wheezer"" Marx","This is my favorite game on Steam of all time (and one of my general favorite games EVER!). It's simple, and hard, so, so hard. Overall, buy it.No, seriously. Just buy it now!"
,Recommended,239350,8248722,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,George Costanza,"Spelunkyyyyyyyyyyy. I don't know what to say about this amazing game. It is a mixed feeling. I hated it when was playing :P because died so manyyyy times. I remembered the times I played Demon's Souls. You keep trying the same level to figure out what to do and how the world created. Eventually you find you own way to deal with it. Offers a lot of content in a little package. If you are a type of player that keeps trying to complete a game no matter what. You'll love this game. Artwork, random level design, soundtracks. They are all very well thought. I highly recommended this game."
76561197992030164,Recommended,239350,8548818,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,draken565,"Highly addictive, entertaining, great at parties for ruining friendships. A good game overall."
76561198060662712,Recommended,239350,10752181,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tee Pain,"Ever feel like wasting precious hours of your life. Buy this game. Good gameplay and it has a unique art style, but it lacks on story. 9/10"
76561198075044208,Recommended,239350,13272425,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Guss=),"Maybe one of the best game ever !Really easy to play, but hard to finish.You can play it for hours, without getting bored.Also great for speed-running."
,Recommended,239350,12642369,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Cy,"128 hours and still having a blast. This game is about learning, learning about what kills you , what doesnt, and remembering that for next time. When you first get the game, you will die over and over again, but it seems every few deaths you get a little further than the last time, and before you know it, you are freeze raying Satan in the face. Buy this game."
76561198054887894,Recommended,239350,11589664,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Double Dutch,Good Game. It's good.
,Recommended,239350,12206833,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Crimson Lobstrosity,"This game has crushed me. It pulled me in and gave me hope, before kicking me in the face and trampling over my twitching carcass.I would 100% recommend this to everybody, it's magnificent!"
76561198079454624,Recommended,239350,10431626,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Quinton Starbanger The IV,"Spelunky is a game based off a free game from the internet. It's fairly simple, you have to get to the exit of the level, picking up money to spend in shops or for score, getting better gear, and saving the damsel/dog/male to get life back. The game seems like it would be better with 4 people in local Co-op. The game seems to have 4 main stages and 3-4 side stages. There are some items which are completly useless, and to build shortcuts to stages you need to complete certain things, like bring 5 bombs or bring the key, which is fine,until you have to carry a key to the end of stage 3, whhich normally you could carry an item that woukld help you or a damsel/dog/male Making it difficult. Some prefer the old game on the internet though, go google that if you dont feel like buying this one and if you enjoy that version this one is similair"
,Recommended,239350,10435274,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Roozles,Best Game in the world. Get jetpack. Wear jetpack. Fly. Die.
,Recommended,239350,12092401,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Muldog,Challenging platformer that got interesting level design. It a must get if you like hard game to play.
,Recommended,239350,13093204,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Callil,Rogue-like at it's best !
,Recommended,239350,13101412,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,"Tomas ""Ya Bird"" Jefferson","This is a game all about learning the mechanics.  There's no persistent leveling outside of making shortcuts; there is only your skill at the game and reading the situations you will find yourself in.  Mistakes will happen, but learn and try to laugh.  You'll die a lot, but eventually you will learn how to succeed. It's a truly satisfying game to dedicate some time to. As the creator says, ""Don't be afraid to die! But also don't be afraid to live!"""
76561198041967257,Recommended,239350,10913654,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jääkaru Oolaf,"Very good game, I definately suggest buying it."
,Recommended,239350,10782164,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cadennn,First game ive played where an unconscious woman is my favorite weapons. 10/10
76561198100363238,Recommended,239350,14928694,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,chocolatecake5000,I like it becouse of how much fun it is. I figured out a trick to use spiders to launch you really high. 10/10 love it.
,Recommended,239350,16666163,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bouken,Died 5 times on the tutorial.10/10
76561198042518140,Recommended,239350,8084051,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mayonnaisinator,"Highly addictive little adventure-platformer. With randomly generated levels, hundreds of different mobs, items and weapons, you can never get bored, even after you were *this* close to beating the game, but you were taken out at the last second by a pesky bat. Or a poisonous snake. Or falling onto spikes. Or many other gruesome, but cartoony ways of death. There are many ways to die in Spelunky, and that's one of the reasons why it's so addictive. You constantly discover new things about the game that you didn't know before. With only around 8 hours of my time taken up so far, I'm sure that Spelunky will take up hundreds upon thousands of hours of my life."
,Recommended,239350,7992972,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,frontenac,"This game is one of my top favorites. It's so brutal in it's gameplay, that one small mistake, such as not whipping a snake, can cause a chain reaction to get you killed, and like me, have a screaming fest while bashing my hands into the keyboard. It's a good game, I swear, just get used to being punished."
,Recommended,239350,8466828,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Δ,get♥♥♥♥♥♥on
76561198052568349,Recommended,239350,8637500,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,puresrawp,"Extremely addictive. Randomized levels make for a unique experience every time you play. Unfortunately, the randomization can make levels extremely difficult sometimes. Regardless, it never feels unfair - just challenging. Highly recommend to anyone who loves platformers or just fans of games with rogue-like elements."
,Recommended,239350,17093607,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,YOLOSWAGBOOBABITCHESOKLM,"Play, die. Replay, die. Rereplay, die. Rerereplay, die. Die, die."
,Recommended,239350,17104430,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Okuden,You know what I enjoy most about this game?Whipping.10/10
76561198174615601,Recommended,239350,17348110,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Some Guy,"I have bought this game twice: on Xbox and PC. I have beat the game, beat the City of Gold, and I have been to hell twice. I have yelled swear words at my own stupidity. I thank and blame all the people who introduced me to this game. Although I joke about how unfair and bull**** the game can be, it is one of the most well thought out and balanced games you will ever play. It is arguably my favourite games, where it an leave you in tears, or celebrating because you did an 'amazing' trick of whip an arrow out of the air. This game makes you, as another review put it, a 'Spelunky Machine' where you play out the game in your head, evaluating risk, reward and ability of a task before you do it. Obviously, anyone who's played the game will vouch for how OP the blue frogs are, and how the crush blocks will **** you into nothing when you were that close to reaching hell. In short, buy the freakin' game and complain about it for yourself."
76561198035946000,Recommended,239350,19836531,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,GolovA,"Like...BEST GAME EVER, MAN!!!!"
,Recommended,239350,20287362,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Randy Randomperson,"If you start creating shortcuts, you can whip a negro right at the beggining of the game. 10/10 for historical realism !"
,Recommended,239350,9777214,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,SuperDonut84,"Great game for all ages, pretty difficult and really fun. The controls are a let down but they can be changed.  Over all 7 out of 10."
76561198092675713,Recommended,239350,19078617,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Hanky Panky,"Spelunky - What lies UnderneathSpelunky is a 2D roguelike action adventure game where your primary objective is to complete each level by entering into the exit door positioned in the lowermost section of the map.You're equipped with an arsenal of whips,ropes and bombs which you'll have to use strategically in each level to outsmart enemies and overcome obstacles.Although these ideas may seem derivative,the game truly shines on one golden aspect :Gameplay.Put simply,spelunky is one of the most mechanically sound games ever made unequivocally speaking.This game is pure gameplay bliss and if you ever had an itch or deep craving to play a game with tight gameplay mechanics,never have been a game more suitable than this.You'll feel right at home.The game is strangely infamous for its difficulty and genuinely speaking,the game is NOT excessively difficult instead the difficulty aspect is deeply ingrained in the game and isn't artificially made to frustrate the player but to enlighten and teach the player some lessons.You'll have to be spontaneous and strategic to achieve victory and the gameplay mechanics achieves in honing the players skill-set to surpass the game's challenges.This game is amasterpieceand I do not say that lightly,it has sucked countless hours of my life and I haven't felt more happier.It offers an insane amount of content and delivers it seamlessly.There isn't or will be a game like spelunky.PERIOD."
76561198064674036,Recommended,239350,7779132,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,not gay,"This game, is an excelent game.Reasons why:1. Infuriating, but extremly replayable. This game will not leave you wanting to give up and never play again for more than 10 minutes.2. Great graphics/music, also runs very well and very fast.3. Amazing programming, never encountered a glitch without external cause4. Very fun, appropriate for most ages, excelent, all aorundScore, 10/10 I reccomend you buy this, amazing."
,Recommended,239350,27048002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Filter Kitty,I have ignored my boyfriend just to play this game.
,Recommended,239350,27683904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,atomicvoodoo,"♥♥♥♥ bats, ♥♥♥♥ spiders, ♥♥♥♥ snakes, ♥♥♥♥, cavemn, ♥♥♥♥ cobra (I know still a snake), ♥♥♥♥ arrows, ♥♥♥♥ rocks, ♥♥♥♥ scorpions, ♥♥♥♥ shop keepers, ♥♥♥♥ yetis, ♥♥♥♥ aliens, ♥♥♥♥ wooly mamoths, ♥♥♥♥s little fire children, ♥♥♥♥ what ever that godamn lobster wasp looking thing, and ♥♥♥♥ bees.10/10, 5 stars, 2 thumbs upGreat game and ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,239350,26978387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sunflower4000,"Spelunky is a masterpiece of platforming and roguelikes. It's a perfect blend of everything there is to enjoy about a game's systems, and the more you play, the better you get. Each run could be THE run. It has perfect balance, nothing is overpowered, and you play how you want to and deal with the cards you're dealt. Pixel-perfect control is here in this game and it makes actually playing the game a delight. It simply doesn't get better than this."
,Recommended,239350,27143830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XYC,Hell and Hell
76561198227701116,Recommended,239350,25841444,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DieNummerDry,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
76561198086254910,Recommended,239350,27552467,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DBailey815,Probably the best 2D Rogue-like platformer around.
,Recommended,239350,28009550,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zig,"One of my favorite games.  It is so brutal, but when things go just right it feels magical.  Very challenging, but usually fair.  The game challenges you to react to ever changing levels.  No level is ever the same, so you always have to quickly think of a new solution."
,Recommended,239350,27907700,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elucia,makes me wanna kmsgood game 10/10
,Recommended,239350,26510580,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,vedi0boy,"Can't get enough of this game. Like most games in my steam library, they have just been sitting there for years. Finally decided to play this one. Took me 3 tries on the tutorial of just rage quitting and calling it the most overrated game in the world. I game it another try and I am in love. This game is amazing. Controls are awesome! But you really should use a gamepad."
,Recommended,239350,26367186,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mitchell,"Very difficult, but absurdly replayable and enjoyable. I would recommend a controller, as the keyboard controls can get cumbersome."
76561198131200205,Recommended,239350,26525908,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,cheetahclaw23,"This is one of the best games i have playedI really like that there are checkpoints, and also the dact that shopkeepers are so fun to kill"
76561197999927834,Recommended,239350,27322540,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,saltycracka,"Best game in the world, play thousands of hours on Xbox , and the origianl game, its so good i had to buy it for pc too."
,Recommended,239350,13801574,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,zman1997,This game is an erection. Hard.
76561198013231649,Recommended,239350,13540283,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mr.Wrightside,"A brutal and modern day Mario that holds many attributes akin to the classic.Hooked on the rewards of getting gems and gold; sacrificing people and creatures and trying to reach it to the next environment.Also holds local Co-Op and requires more than 10mins gameplay to become even remotely O.K.Great platformer, highly recommend for you lounged gamers out there."
,Recommended,239350,7797411,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pierce Ruane,An unforgiving and addictive experience. In morte veritas
,Recommended,239350,7978021,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Aziraphale,"Amazing Game. Difficult to beat, and lots of items and secrets. So much awesome."
,Recommended,239350,8062515,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Togala,"It took me about 240 runs before i beat the end boss named Olmec for the first time (On the ps vita version though). And I still haven't seen all the levels. This game is strange in that it seems so very straightforward but hides a lot of branching paths and critical decision making. You'll find yourself deep into a run and realize that if you had made some other choice back a few minutes ago, you'd have been better off. It's a game of risk vs reward, with a brilliant ecosystem of enemies, traps and physics. And the daily challenge... just brilliant. Great community game if you're into that. Get it, play it, and realize, like so many others, that Spelunky is probably the purest form of fun and joy you'll find in video gaming."
,Recommended,239350,8063014,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,afewjopi,NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYYYYYY
,Recommended,239350,8655505,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Knife Culture,"Game of the foreverenium, better than 50 Cent: Blood in the Sand and Stratego. You fail yourself if you do not own and play this game. I am dissapointed in you."
,Recommended,239350,8413353,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jester of Rλvenholm,hue hue hue hue hue hue hue hue. HUE HUE HUE. HUEALWFB AJWFBWUKHWAOHOAWRHOI AWJIUAWO!!!!!  !!!??!?!? ?!?!?!!!!
,Recommended,239350,8815261,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Between the Dead,"Supremely addictive. My gaming drug of choice. I mean, how many other games let you jetpack your way through hell as a shotgun-wielding ninja/viking/robot/boyscout?"
76561198078248073,Recommended,239350,9816599,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Giggy Redinia Lapisar,Spelunky is one of those games you can't stop playing. It hooks you with its shear difficulty and urges you to keep going. Despite every death you take you will still play as every time you die you will realise that it wasn't the game's fault. It was yours.And thats what makes Spelunky so good. Every time you die you blame yourself and try to do even better. Add in the secret areas and the ultimate goal of reaching Hell and beating the true final boss Yama (not got to him quite yet despite clocking over 6 hours of play so far and having played the original). Spelunky is definetly one for any hardcore gamer.Just watch for those dart traps. And be prepared to die. A LOT!
,Recommended,239350,27577389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SIMPLY MARC,EZ WIN
,Recommended,239350,26968702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cardeal,"Even with it's insane difficulty curve, Spelunky doesn't feel like a chore to play. The feeling of satisfaction you get when you open the temple shortcut or kill olmec for the first time, after hours of playtime, is one that few games replicate so well."
76561198091024389,Recommended,239350,26060874,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,martincerdeira,This is one of my TOP 10 favorite games. A must have.
,Recommended,239350,21830956,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,td,good
76561198001968388,Recommended,239350,27374343,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dengus Khan,"This game is one of my favorites, easy to pick up and play and every time you play it's totally different.This game is punishing though, it has permadeath. Everything can seem to be going great when suddenly one little stupid mistake or over site and that's it... game over! (You keep your stats and any characters you unlock)Another cool thing is the daily challenge, where your score is compared to everyone else who tried it and you also have an average daily challenge score rank.One other thing I would like to point out is the music is great, sounds like it was made for Megadrive. In fact I'm pretty sure it is made on a Megadrive sound card.Really neat game but you may pull out your hair in frustration when your having a great run and then you don't see some arrow trap, shoots you and you fall into some spikes."
,Recommended,239350,27081312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TIN | TovaglYOLO,Just... why didn't i buy this game before? It's just... AWESOME.
,Recommended,239350,26042937,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ShiaLebooty,"You might hate this game, but you'll continue to play it. It's the same thing if you hate yourself :)))))"
,Recommended,239350,27654256,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HotSnakes,250 hours deep and Spelunky is still a wonderful and entrancing game.Admittedly I now play in shorter spells but for a while there It was a game I just could not put down.
76561198170126594,Recommended,239350,24801862,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Fgd1000,Spelunky a game a fun rage and death. i have played this game a little bit and it is enought to say buy it this is how it goes play die rage quit play die quite...
76561198273230763,Recommended,239350,23906757,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Thatoneguy,play it
,Recommended,239350,24254264,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Wasabi,"This game.THIS game.THIS GODDAMN GAME.It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥in many different ways.It will kick it the same way multiple times.It will destroy you.And yet I still come back, and so will you.This game makes the♥♥♥♥♥kicking feel great."
,Recommended,239350,23675315,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,DarkDork,"As long as you're a fan of the rougelike genre, this will probably pull you in. Tantalizingly difficult, the game teaches you through the expierance, not through tutorials and hints. You'll probably learn something new every run."
76561198020777486,Recommended,239350,27918504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bastardizedrobotics,just the best classic platformer
,Recommended,239350,26845257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pogokeen,"Amazing game -- arcadey platforming action at it's finest.  Perfect example of procedural generation done right, everything in this game shines.  It's evident from the get go the high level of care & attention that was put into this HD update to the original Spelunky.  Both games are instant classics, but if you could only play one of the two, this is the one to grab! :D"
,Recommended,239350,32865724,Posted: 27 June,all,Skeltormania,Too addictive
76561198202717588,Recommended,239350,32899376,Posted: 27 June,all,Samurai_Kermit,"game  is hard af, but its fun."
,Recommended,239350,27103778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Froooooom,"I bought this game some time ago to spend the little gaming time I had back then to spend on.Little did I know that this game is so addicting, after more then 300+ hours I'm still enjoying Spelunky and I still haven't been able to achieve all the achievements for this game, which is a good thing because is it a real achievement to beat Hell, complete the game with no money collected or within a couple of minutes. Don't let the looks decieve you, it is a hard but fair game. I enjoy it almost daily!"
,Recommended,239350,21480800,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pineapple,good game
76561198100606283,Recommended,239350,10065133,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Smitty Werbanjagermanjensen,"The WR speedrun of that game is less than 2 minutes, no major glitch, only pure skills.Just try to beat it, vanilla mode, we'll see what happens ;)"
,Recommended,239350,27168826,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rocky,Could easily set this game alongside Pac-Man and Mario as simply a timeless game that I'll always come back to.
76561198139614212,Recommended,239350,32945934,Posted: 28 June,all,DaTwinnerz,AMAZING GAME!!! Hours of gameplay. I've done 82 hours already and only have beaten it the easy way. Going for hell next!!
76561197969693901,Recommended,239350,13209351,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jesus Brother Bob,"I have used so much profanity while playing this game, some in anger some in laughter,  yet I keep coming back for more.Once you play through the tutorial you will be presented with an always changing platformer.  Sometimes an easy level will be genereated and sometimes not so much.  You will start weighing the options in your mind, ""Do I really need that extra money.. is it really worth it?""The game is an exercise in patience, but I do really like it.  If you enjoy platformers, this one is definitely worth a couple of bucks.  It does seem to frequent the Steam sales as well, just saying.."
76561197980347609,Recommended,239350,26751306,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[NICE]Djengiz Khan[NL],"Spelunky:Looks so easy, gives so much frustration when you die, and SO much satisfaction if you succeed in reaching another level. :DAt the moment I write this comment, I only have played for 4 hours. I died a dozen times, in the most stupidest ways possible; snakes, spiders, spikes, and angry shopkeepers ( still unsuccesfull in robbing them...) and I still haven't exited the mines.... I'm a Noob :/It all the fault of Pakratt0013, whoes LetsPlay videos maked me buy this game. No, still love you Pak, your vids are great, never laugh so hard by your many ways of dieing, and reactions. Now I KNOW what you're going through.One day I will reach the Golden City, and even defeat Olmec... and I will be number #1 in the ranks ... Common, who am I kidding...?  :D"
,Recommended,239350,33104923,Posted: 1 July,all,mld,"probably the best roguelike platformer in the market. Awesome gameplay, tons and tons of items and surprisingly fun. it's pretty hardcore tho ;)."
,Recommended,239350,33143552,Posted: 2 July,all,Ceagon,"Truly one of the best platformers ever concieved. It nods towards giants like Mario and Castlevania, but stands on its own two feet in it's randomly generated levels and punishing gameplay."
76561198047626721,Recommended,239350,10698568,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JUSTTOOMANYDAMNBONGOS!,what the f*** is this? I've been playing for hours and I can't even get past ♥♥♥♥ing 1-5. Am I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?10/10 for questioning my own mental health
,Recommended,239350,27662718,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,L3U5,This game lives on its own. 10/10
76561198080980617,Recommended,239350,7297668,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,💀 Darz 💀,fun to play and a nice chanllengeits not easy but always fairspassig zum spielen und herausfordend zugleichist nich das leichteste spiel aber immer fair
,Recommended,239350,4812101,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Zant,Brutal rogue-like random generated 2D game.Getting all the achievements is practicly impossible.Try if you dare.. (;
,Recommended,239350,32150666,Posted: 3 June,all,neodos,"Easily my all time favorite rogue-like platformer.This game is very challenging and might seem unforgiving at first but it is not, when you start, you are just going to stumble upon every single lethal traps and possible combinations of bad actions that will lead to your instant harsh death.So you might hate it at first, however once you start to learn from your mistakes and how to avoid or fight enemies,obstacles and traps, you will get to access deeper parts of the game, grab better gear and it will feel extremely rewarding because this game isn't about memorizing the layout but anticipating possible pitfalls from previous experience and from your ability to made quick and smart decisions but also long term decisions such as managing your bombs and ropes.As you improve your spelunking skills you will realize how much more depth the game has than you previously thought and how well designed it is.The levels are procedurally generated, so while the themes of the levels and enemies have a general structure, the paths, positions, quantity of items and enemies do change every time you restart, this makes the game a lot more interesting as it challenges your ability to improvise and anticipate.The game also offers optional paths and shortcuts, different endings and overall just varied play styles.Sometimes you will be given a layout with many resources, tools and weapons and in other cases a layout might have very little resources or weapons, so you will have to adapt and be more careful with your starting resources (bombs/ropes).While sometimes a layout can seem bad, it may become better if you keep progressing and it might surprise you with a special opportunity or item.The game does have a slight bit of gambling but your experience, choices, actions and determination are what will ultimately define if you'll be able to ""beat"" the game or not.If you're really having a hard time making any progress, reading some guides helps but don't spoil yourself the deepers parts of the mines you haven't gotten to yet.I wouldn't consider it cheating to get some help from guides as you still need to remember all the traps, enemy behavior etc and make the proper choices in the moment on your own as the layout is always unique.This game is full of surprises, accidental chains of events that happen with items bouncing around triggering traps or hitting an enemy leading to hilarious deaths or events, which again, you can avoid if you anticipate.This is one of the things that make the game so great, the interaction between the player, items and enemies with its physics often creates new situations and you will always see something new happening even have hundreds of hours of play.It took me a lot of hours to beat the game, but the feeling of satisfaction and completion is unlike any other game, this game takes ""work"" to beat, you have to outsmart the game and top yourself every time you make a new run, its a game that requires you to think, no hand holding but that's why its so rewarding, if you beat it, you sure as hell earned that victory.The game also has collectibles, with a diary that records every item you found during your adventures, enemies you killed etc for the fans of collecting items and achievements, this game is probably one of the most challenging, if you manage to get them all, props to you :)Finally the visuals and character design is great, music is fantastic, catchy and there's even some rare special tracks which are even better, will you find them?"
,Recommended,239350,17197221,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[PUTS]A-Minor,"Hands down one of the best platformers i've ever played. Simple, fiendishly difficult, but incredible."
,Recommended,239350,20618666,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Todarac,"Not only is this a solid platformer, this is honestly one of the best games I have played in my entire life."
,Recommended,239350,8982706,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,homerS,I've only got a hour on this game but I already see a addictive game for everyone who likes indie like games.No bugs seen. Controls can be remapped but can be a bit hard to learn or a awkward position on your hand.9/10
,Recommended,239350,8660493,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kanye West,i kiilled my friends
76561198064753372,Recommended,239350,8204652,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Freddy Mombongo-Dues,"I've sunk hours into this, 10/10, must buy."
76561198120660539,Recommended,239350,16752684,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ethanos,In this game I've been killed 374 times. I've tried to beat the game 374 times.This game is difficult.
,Recommended,239350,16654358,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sogen,A great remake
,Recommended,239350,10522247,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Roasted Oolong,Definitely a tough game with never ending surprises. Just don't play the game like I do and try to kill the shopkeeper all the time.
,Recommended,239350,14004217,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,G4IJIN,I died twice in the freaking tutorial. Then I couldn't get out of the first area in 3 hours and I ain't even mad bruh. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,27814670,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Awesome V,"Pretty, Pretty, Pretty... Good."
,Recommended,239350,22245417,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Note,"Spelunky is not just ""another platformer."" It's a really interesting take on platforming and the random nature of roguelikes. Random obstacles to get past for every run you attempt, Several game mechanics to learn and master, fun secrets to discover.. There's just so much to this game, and that's why I adore it so much~Oh yeah, Blue frogs OP. O~O"
76561198096079278,Recommended,239350,11798586,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,FriendFive,"This is a fun little roguelike platformer with a cartoony, Indiana Jones sort of vibe to it that can be frustratingly difficult (as evidenced by the hours I have played and the fact that I have only gotten to the Ice Caves a few times). I put this one down for awhile but have recently come back to it with a couple of Xbox 360 controllers for some local co-op with my 8-year-old. He really loves this game, too."
,Recommended,239350,11776330,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Bowdens,"Very good, 5-10 min at a time game.You may want to change the controls or play with a controller though!"
,Recommended,239350,8402612,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Yuler,Randomly generated levels and challenging platforming combined with other great game mechanics makes for a fun experience with endless replayability.
,Recommended,239350,7982136,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,bury,"This is a terrible game for risk-takers like me. I'm a speeder. I love to jump and fly through platformer levels without any precaution whatsoever. In Spelunky, I cannot stop dying and it's because of my stupid, shrill mistakes and each time I'm like ""I KNOW BETTER!"" but then I am flying down the mines again, only to be conked unconscious. And to press ""Restart"" because I totally know better and will get to the Ice Caves this time! Not."
,Recommended,239350,8270210,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Phoeque,"If you enjoy the punishment and sense of achievement of games like Dark Souls (philosophy-wise), but find yourself too impatient for long playthroughs, I recommend this platforming gem to feed your masochism."
76561198029987933,Recommended,239350,8267870,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sandman,This game is like an abusive lover.
,Recommended,239350,13551232,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MostlyVillains,"Unforgiving. Spelunky is a nasty nasty game, in the best way. It knows how to kill you so good. Extremely replayable."
,Recommended,239350,9330003,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Rain,"This game is simply amazing.  It's easy to pick up and put down if you don't have much time to play, and when you do the amount of time you could spend 'getting just a little bit better/further' can easily keep you playing for hours.  The only complaint I could possibly make against this game is the fact that while multiplayer is offered is that it is local only.  That being said the amount of time you will spend on this game without multiplayer is still going to be a lot, and you're going to love every minute."
,Recommended,239350,7742817,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Nixon506E,"Seriously just go watch a speed run of this game on Twitch and you'll understand.Exploring this puzzle of a game is different every time and I wouldn't have it any other way.  The challenge is just right and getting to explore each next level is exciting.  This one is as good as the original in every way and keeps me playing with the fantastic visuals and the great community that surrounds this one.Do yourself a favor and don't give up because it's too difficult, you'll learn and be better for it.  Play this one asap!"
,Recommended,239350,15117116,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Razzalot,"It a great game but you cant play it on a mac...:(Luckely if you have a mac (like me) you can play it useing wine (I would sucgest uesing wineskin winery, its the best and easyis), unfornchatly it complicated.step 1 watch this vidohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47lGFtKKfZ8( vido not made by me)step 2 turn on the winentricks d3dx9 (and i think you shold also get the one in the vido)step 3 go to steam seting and turn of Steam Overlay (if you dont it will crash when you prees a key)then it shoud worck"
,Recommended,239350,30697064,Posted: 23 March,all,UnethicalAngel,"This game has allowed me to spelunk from the comfort of my own home. No longer will I return at all hours of the night with sweat on my brow and dirt in every crevase of my body. If you have a love for adventure, look no more."
,Recommended,239350,9123622,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mott,"I don't have the words to describe how good this game is. I am not that good at it but, it's very, very addictive.Each level is randomly-generated, so you'll never see the same twice.Spelunky is a Rougelike, Platformer and Puzzler (sorta) that is incredibly hard. It is also a Permadeath and you will die alot and in the most stupidest, hilarious ways possible!This is an outstanding adventure game!"
,Recommended,239350,22118434,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Celery,"Spelunky is one of the few games I own that I had never heard of before watching the trailer on steam.  The combination of game footage and story telling evoked distant memories of playing Nethack.  An amalgamation of the roguelike and platformer genres? Yes please.It certainly delivers everything the trailer promises.  Spelunky is a whole lot of fun, though I can imagine some people may take issue with the difficulty level.  It is challenging, but it is very fair.  When you die it is fairly easy to figure out what went wrong.  The controls are very responsive and when you die it is almost always due to a clearly avoidable mistake.  I played through on an Xbox One controller and I loved the controller support.Much like many roguelikes, the dungeon in Spelunky is procedurally generated.  You could easily spend hundreds of hours playing and mastering the game.  Although I moved on to other games after winning, it is something I can see myself revisiting.  This game is definitely something fans of challenging platformers and roguelikes will appreciate."
76561198008670774,Recommended,239350,32883096,Posted: 27 June,all,Thoreau,The game is simple and fun. I enjoy coming up with different ways to anger the shopkeepers so I can take their stuff.
,Recommended,239350,7747208,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Fritzpud,"Grand little indie jewel.  If you want to try it out the free pc version is still avalible, though this ads a lot of content.  This game looks amazing, and the gameplay is very fluid.  Unlike other rougelikes death is often swift but fair.  If you die it's usually your fault, not to say there won't be times you want to pull your hair out.There is a ""time limit"" per level, if you're the type of person who gets their panties in a twist about that you should probably go back to playing minecraft anyway.  The time limit is just a ghost that follows you that's instadeath if you touch him, however he can be avoided once you learn how, and he's very exploitable in some cases."
,Recommended,239350,8056049,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sandy Loam,
,Recommended,239350,794205,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Aldrenean,"An incredible game.  There's a free Classic version you can download with more retro graphics and a bit less (mostly end-game) content, check it out.  And then buy this.  Because it will consume your life."
76561198202419722,Recommended,239350,23729276,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DreddTrubble,"Highly addictive! A game you can pick up, play, then come back weeks later. The sort of game you can rely on when bored and want a quick play!8.2/10"
76561197986241597,Recommended,239350,11388203,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,beep beep horker,"My favouite game of all time.Your goal is to work through an underground cave system to defeat the final boss and collect as much money as possible. There are 4 drastically diferent levels (that i'll leave for you to find) as well as a 5th secret area which you have to use elements from each of the 4 'normal' levels to get to. There are 'spin off' areas too e.g. inside the stomach of a worm and on a crashed alien mothership.There are a diverse amount of items and enemies for you to encounter, and levels are randomly generated meaning no playthrough ever feels the same. And each time you die you have to restart from the beginning in a new randomly generated level.The art style and music are great, which help to make this a game you can play over and over.The controls are tight and responsive- i would highly reccomend a controller but it is by no means mandatory. It's also worth mentioning in all my time playing (~150hours) and almost 2000 deaths i have never experienced a single bug.This is a fun and obsenely challenging game. If you don't mind a few stupid deaths you can learn how to conquer this, it is one of the most rewarding games you will play. For~ £12 and the hours of fun i got out of it, it's is so, so worth it.Buy this game."
,Recommended,239350,20617898,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,The Mad Murf,"Spelunky is easy to understand but extremely hard to master. A super fun rogue-like that's a devilishly hard game disguised beneath a shell of innocent art work. It's common to have hundreds of deaths before claiming a single win against one of the final bosses. Each time you start a game the level is randomly designed, so you'll probably never play the same layout twice.Make no mistake, this game is HARD.Each enemy you encounter and piece of treasure you pick up takes you a bit futher into the game, but before long, you'll start wondering what some of the seemingly random items are for. That's one of the added bonuses of the game, by the time you beat it, you'll learn that there are secrets that'll keep you coming back for more.May be the best money I've ever spent on a game, Spelunky is an absolute gem."
,Recommended,239350,22110390,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,optimuswhat,Knocked myself ontop of the God of Death's pedestal and accidentally offered myself as a sacrifice.10/10
76561198084181497,Recommended,239350,7052705,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Lill Lizzert,Keeps me busy all day
76561198008756466,Recommended,239350,9259885,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,hughball,"One of the most frustrating and fantastic games I've played in a long time.  ""Sweet, I found a parachute.  Oops, I fell too far and now I'm floating down INTO RANGE OF THE DUDE WITH THE BOOMERANG!"""
76561198012635590,Recommended,239350,9265699,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Nanolotl,Y'all need Spelunky in your life
,Recommended,239350,9482581,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,SaltiePepper,"this game is clever and unique, like the binding of isaac, sometimes you get lucky and sometimes you dont. this game is by far one of my favorite platformers due to the idea of the walls always shifting and the levels changing"
,Recommended,239350,9242458,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SlaughterJoker,"First time playing this game, I walked to the left, fell down a hole, landed on spikes and died.... 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,9241139,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,sin,"Positves:+ Infinite Replay Value, Randomly generated with patterns.+ Infamously difficult, getting to Olmec is tough, getting to Yama takes hours upon hours of practice.+ Every time you die, it is your fault. (99% of the time)+ Bugs are rare+ Clean, enjoyable art style+ Mechanics of game makes levels get harder as you progress.+ Randomly spawned ""special"" levels, can access strange and fun areas through them (e.g. haunted castle, worm, snake pit, etc.)+ Many items to adapt your gameplay to, game-changers.+ Indiana Jones-esque escapes+ A nice system of sacrifing helpless dogs+ Old men with shotgunsNegatives:- Next to impossible to figure how to get to some ""special"" levels, without searching it up- For beginners, ghost is tough to deal with (1/2 negative, has to be in the game)- Randomly spawned arrow traps can screw you over -.-- Shopkeepers get mad at ANYTHING- Random falling UFOs in Ice Caves- Climbing Gloves suckOverall Rating: 10/10Personal Value: $60+Summary: A fun rogue-like with randomly spawned levels, neat aspects of creativity, very tough, and quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,239350,9242963,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,yesthisiscody,"This game is amazing. I see a lot of people complaining about the ghost after the 2 minutes and 30 second mark in each level. Yes, it could be amazing to searh these levels as long as we want, but as with the most famous platformers, such as Mario, there is a time limit to each level, and if you do not meet that time limit, there are slight consequences like losing the level or a giant ghost coming after you. Also, the ghost CAN be stopped, so... Stop complaining.But other than that, the game is amazing. It makes you rage quit after a while, but you always come back for more. I would highly recommend this game if you like a challenge and fast pace gaming. Live long and do not disturb the shopkeepers."
,Recommended,239350,9276764,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Q°,"Don't be stupid, just buy this and play it. It will make you better at games, and you will like it, YOU WILL TASTE FAILURE AND LIKE IT.Seriously, probably the best game released in 2 years at least."
,Recommended,239350,9247382,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Arkrim,"You are going to die, but you are going to restart and you can't help yourself."
,Recommended,239350,9266659,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Nexses,"Mindless, countless deaths... but i still go back for more"
,Recommended,239350,9240704,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,racist mario,"do you want to know the meaning of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, how about the key to unlocking the 4th area's shortcutliterally a keyto unlock this shortcut you need to take this key to the end of 3-4, the key itself is located in the first area, which honestly isn't hard to do, I've gotten the key to the 3rd area a few times already.Now, I could probably beat this game without the shortcut, but with all the random♥♥♥♥♥traps in the way I'd rather have a safety net of somekind for my first run through until I get used to it all.so then: this key SOMETIMES spawns somewhere in  the mines (area 1), if you don't find it by 1-4 then you have to kill yourself, but that's not the only thing you need, oh no, if you want a fair chance of doing this you will also need a few items to make your life easier, notably a compass/jetpack/climbing gloves/cape, but maybe the one time you do find a key... you don't find one of them! which without makes this task a hell of a lot harderBUT WHAT IS REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, IS REACHING 3-4 WITH THE KEY AND THEN PASSING THE GATEAS I FALL TO MY DEATH BECAUSE OF ONE OF SAID ""RANDOM♥♥♥♥♥TRAPS"" OH MY GOD"
76561198191998851,Recommended,239350,16907074,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Matti,"I've played 10 hours, died 191 times, and not won a single run. If given the choice to have done something different for those 10 hours, I'd still do it all again."
76561198298608481,Recommended,239350,31497473,Posted: 1 May,all,Riplex,I have played this game on the Xbox360. It was so perfect; The replayability and random generated levels always leaves me wanting more. Since you can't master a level you have to master the mechanics instead. 10/10 in my books! ;D
76561198121297879,Recommended,239350,34168667,Posted: 11 August,all,Runa,"Spelunky is one of the hardest games I know, still didn't defeat Olmec till this day lol. And in the years that I played this game, i've never experienced any glitches whatsoever. 10/10. (Awesome music included)."
76561197972256295,Recommended,239350,26016734,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,liamoshea,"Infuriating and addictive in equal measure.I like the simplicity of the concept yet the tactics and the ever changing levels mean there is always a challenge. Great fun and every wipe out is met with the thought, ""Go on then, one more go..."""
,Recommended,239350,17340095,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Gagaman,"Spelunky has over the last two years become one of my favorite video games of all time. I haven't even beaten hell or got all the achivements yet but even when I do I'm not convinced I will ever tire of this game. The controls are perfect and feel like second nature to me now. I manage to learn new little things about it almost everytime I play it, and it's so rewarding when you pull off a black market raid, or narrowly avoid a ghost, and many many other cool tricks and strikes of luck. This game has a special place in my heart at this point: I adore it."
,Recommended,239350,7888514,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Microsoft Excel,"spelunky is a fun game that involves you getting trapped in a cave with only a whip, 4 bombs, and 4 ropes to make it out. this is a very challenging platformer/adventure crossover with lots of exploration and replay value. if youre not sure if you want to buy it, get the original freeware version. heres a link if you want to check itout:http://www.spelunkyworld.com/"
,Recommended,239350,20636855,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mortis,"A true classic of the modern roguelike/rogue-lite/""games with random things and you die a lot and have to learn some things"" genre."
,Recommended,239350,16142645,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Tebb,"Positives+Randomised level platformer? Check.+Punishing difficulty? Check.+Fun enough that you'l keep on coming back for more? Check!!Negatives-Multiplayer is not worth anyone's timeVerdict>In no time, you'll be weighing up the ever-greater risk and ever-more-tempting rewards on each map, putting up with capricious instakills while plowing ahead to more loot. PS: a controller is a must-have."
,Recommended,239350,33059427,Posted: 30 June,all,Toomy91,"I died in my second attempt after 5 seconds, got shot by an arrow and fell in spikes...almost gave up on life."
,Recommended,239350,15879742,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Crimson~,"Best dive game ever! picked this up in a rouge game sale it was a good decision you guys should make this good decision to! why not? there is good music, great graphics, lotsa tools, and unlockables! what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,239350,10779866,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Schmoofy.tar[nom³],"I've opened this game about a dozen times now and closed it being furious, only to return to it about ten minutes later. A++ would die again."
,Recommended,239350,8551297,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,NIGERUNDAYO,One of the Best Game ever made! (in my onion)
,Recommended,239350,7792069,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Febel,"A fun little platformer with a few roguelike elements. The gameplay is very easy to learn and master but the game punishes you heavily for even the smallest of mistakes so expect to die. A lot. Like, a whole lot! Even with that in mind its still very fun and even with my constant dying I never felt angry or frustrated because it was immediately clear to me what I had done wrong. I'd say it's certainly worth buying on sale or even at full price."
76561198338908389,Recommended,239350,35058041,Posted: 18 September,all,gravediggerprime,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!
76561197993384819,Recommended,239350,26019549,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pikol,"despite spending hudreds of hours on this game (outside of steam) I have never once, or can hope to beat it.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,27975052,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zero-Crescent,"A well-crafted 2D platformer and rogue-like. The controls are tight, and the various secrets and environmental interactions ensure that you'll never know entirely what to expect. Great game to fire up from time-to-time and play for a few minutes, to see how far you can get."
,Recommended,239350,336348,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,SendMoreCops,Oh my. Super addictive. Great platformer with unreal replayability :)
,Recommended,239350,8321708,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Neoman,You have a long jounrey ahead of you if you plan on beating this game.
,Recommended,239350,9963714,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Scarecrown,"There are two types of things in this game: The ones who are trying to kill you, and the ones who will kill you even though they don't want.This game is just great! At the same time, I can't take it anymore hahaha. I'm tired of dying. But that is what will happen when you play it. You will die in every way it is possible. Sometimes you will know why you died. Sometimes you just will be left out of words, as you will die in a way you will not understand.In short, you will die, die an die. But you'll probably come back =PIn the end you will be rewarded. The game offers great mysteries and gameplay. If you don't take spoilers, you will be amazed with the many discoveries. It is really amazing the way this game test your skills. It is not you character that will skill up, but yourself. This is a great perspective for a game.Again. If you persist, this game may really reward you =)Talking about the multiplayer, deathmatch or not, it is awesome. I think me and my friends kept laughing for half an hour without stopping. A must play.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,181658,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,ĐɛʌƉƓʊƔ,"This game is fantastic, that is all I have to say.... ( Does require some patience) *wink*"
,Recommended,239350,8339171,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,tequibo,"This game is brilliant.The way systems work together, they way you get better at the game, the tension, the many deaths, the hilarity and stupidity of those deaths!It's one of my favorites games."
,Recommended,239350,8393832,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RoleplayeR,"Great design, awesome 8bit retro style graphics, fast-paced kinda hardcore roguelike with robust item-system.Incredibly fun.PS. Also very playable on gamepad."
,Recommended,239350,7807328,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,RaefGall,"I recently reviewed this game for my game review blog, Five Penny Review. If you enjoy this review, please visit my page:http://fivepennyreview.blogspot.com/2013/04/spelunky.html(Note: This review was based on the freeware game, which this game is an enhanced version of.)What sets this game apart?Spelunky is a very simple game.  You play as an Indiana-Jones-esque explorer with a bullwhip and fedora, progressing through 16 stages in four blocks while collecting treasure, fighting monsters, and saving damsels in distress.  What makes Spelunky different than other platformers is that it could be classified as a rogue-like game.  For those who aren’t familiar with the term, rogue-like games feature randomly generated levels and permanent death.  Each of the four blocks provides some variables to the stage layout, but each is otherwise random.  When you die, you start over from the beginning.  This makes it both a challenging and addictive platformer with infinite potential.What is the difficulty factor?This game is a great example of “easy to learn, difficult to master.”  There is a short tutorial level available, but not required.  As with most platformers, the core of the controls is run, jump, and attack.  You get access to other tools, starting with bombs that remove tiles in an area and ropes that allow you to climb up or down to new areas.  Eventually you may come across weapons, mining implements, relics, and other gear such as parachutes and compasses.  While the basic mechanics of the game are very straight forward, the multitude of tools can take some experimentation.From a challenge perspective, I have to start by saying that while the concept is simple, this game is intentionally hard.  Killing enemies and making your way to the exit using minimal items doesn’t seem like it should be hard, but every strike and every jump has to be perfect.  Chances are you will die a lot.  The good news is, unlike most rogue-likes, this game has a sort of check point system.  When you reach the end of each block for the second time, you will be given the chance to pay an NPC to dig a shortcut for you.  The amount you have to donate will likely take you several trips, but the result is the option to start at stage 5, 9, or 13 instead of back at 1 every time.  This takes what would be a nearly impossible task for most players and gives them smaller goals along the way, making the game much less frustrating and more fun.Does it use media effectively?While Spelunky sports a great retro look with sprite graphics and chiptune music, they are by no means its selling point.  Everything in the game is recognizable and well designed, and each of the four blocks has its own tile set, music, and troupe of enemies and traps.  The game looks much better on a smaller screen or in windowed mode, however.  An enhanced version of the game was released in 2012 on the X-Box Live Arcade, which keeps same designs and gameplay, while greatly enhancing the graphics.Best moment in the game?As this is a game driven much more by mechanics and goals than story, I feel like the best moment in the game is likely reaching a goal rather than a specific point in the game.  The obvious goals like beating the last boss, unlocking a check point, or even simply not dying are great, but I have to say that the best moment is successfully reaching the hidden area: The Lost City of Gold.  This is not an easy task to accomplish, and while just reaching it is a goal, the heaps of treasure you can obtain within will likely give you a high score you will never match.Who needs to play this game?This game is a great pick up and play option for anyone who is a fan of classic games that has anywhere from 10 minutes to 10 hours to kill.  This is not a game for the easily frustrated, as there are a lot of ways that your hard work can be undone with a split second mistake (my total win/death count is around 3/1000).  Short term goals like check points make this more tolerable, and eventually the goal changes from beating a block to achieving a high score.  The enhanced version is available for X-Box Live Arcade, Playstation Network, and Steam. The classic version is available for download here:http://spelunkyworld.com/original.html"
,Recommended,239350,17115150,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dave,The perfect video game.
,Recommended,239350,7757550,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tader-Tot,indiana jones 5: we're awfully sorry
,Recommended,239350,8498961,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Tony Yayo,"Play as dig-dug on his raunchy X-rated adventure to save babes and get head before going to hell to fight the devil. This game has it all: Apes, Snakes, Rats, and at least 2 other animals."
,Recommended,239350,32612968,Posted: 21 June,all,Radical Good Show,It's surprisingly deep and a ton of fun it's just a ♥♥♥♥ing pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to try to set up any sort of Co-op or even organize multiplayer most of the time. Thankfully it's a great single player rogue-like on it's own.
,Recommended,239350,32952049,Posted: 28 June,all,peeslosh,gave me an irrational fear of bats8/10 bats have been the main source of my death
76561198116797255,Recommended,239350,12271179,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kenny Laggins,"If at first you don't succeed, then die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, again.Died 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,16571458,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NightlyImage,BUY IT PLS
,Recommended,239350,32939404,Posted: 28 June,all,JoeSwansonFangirl (sazo),"spelunky is probably the most challenging game i have ever played, I almost have 2,000 tries on console and i still haven't defeated olmec. most of the time I can't even get past the shopkeepers without dying. the art style is nice, and despite what people say i think the challenge of the game is a great thing. i highly reccomend spelunky.arrow traps are unfair tho"
76561198139791333,Recommended,239350,12538979,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,OliverSpartan,If you like platformers your love this game!!!
,Recommended,239350,7879817,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lt. Labcoat,"Oh man, it's WAAAY better than the original! Mostly because it's far more fair and a lot less luck-based. In the original, shops and damsels were really rare, but you could win the game without problems if you found a jetpack and a shotgun in a random crate. Now, shops are very common so your money actually matters, there's a damsel on every level, and shotguns aren't the Win Game item they used to be.That, and it's just improved a lot all-around. Better controls, more content, much better graphics, and much better music.So yeah, I recommend! It's great fun!"
,Recommended,239350,215316,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Masakari,"A really good roguelike platformer, but very challenging and unforgiving.  You will die a lot, mainly to stupid things you don't expect or can't really predict, but you'll keep wanting to play one more round just because it's that fun.Secrets are everywhere, though some are terrifyingly difficult to get at as they require a large amount of traversal without dying, and also require a decent amount of luck too."
76561198002546062,Recommended,239350,7885826,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,CajunCrimsonTV,Fun game to kill time with and many ways to make u want to slap yourself for how u died
,Recommended,239350,7827941,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Vassao,"Um dos melhores jogos pra se passar o tempo, não tem como nao gostar10/10"
76561198035972387,Recommended,239350,9739878,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Andross,I once walked into a bar
,Recommended,239350,10014955,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Metal Socks,You're not playing the game right if your damsel isn't the dog.
,Recommended,239350,7832354,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,illocution,"This is my favorite platformer of all time. I do not speak lightly of such things! I spent untold hours with the .99a version, dying a thousand times over before winning once, and the final polished game is THAT MUCH HARDER. I don't know if I'll ever win, but I'll have fun trying.Best, and most addictive, use of careful randomness in game design that I have seen so far. Fast paced and brutal, but never impossible."
,Recommended,239350,14218349,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,wilder991,"Fun but hard. Very challanging, but extremely rewarding."
,Recommended,239350,11419486,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Oni Lo,"One of the most amazing 2D platform games ever made!Seriously, only EA's b*****s don't like this game."
,Recommended,239350,12040938,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,saltless,"★★★★★ randgen permadeath platformer; instead of Ur character gettin better, U do"
,Recommended,239350,7827748,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Isule 👀,"After spending a decent amount of time playing Spelunky on the 360 and PC, I have come to love this game for many reasons.The levels are randomly generated which adds a massive amount of replayability to the game, the leaderboards are highly competitive and forever changing with the addition of a Daily Challenge, which is the same map for every person on 1 day.The game has much hidden content too if you choose not to research anything on the matter!All in all, I highly recommend this game if you have a vague interests in rogue-lite platforming games."
76561198071394456,Recommended,239350,26293477,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KiwiBadger,Great game.-Challenging (but not to the point of being frustrating)-Awesome visuals-Co-op is a lot of fun (although it's unfortunate you can only use one controller).
76561198010422503,Recommended,239350,10688574,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Absolute Taters!!,this game runs on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fuelone ♥♥♥♥ up can ruin your entire run over n over n over till you've just pulled every strand of hair from your head in frustrationsoo much to take into consideration when you move around till you start making baby steps because all you want is to reach your goal but thats not gonna stop this game from treating you like a 2-penny ♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ you with a chain of spikes and OP shop keepers that are angry that an orange frog blew up in their shopquite the ♥♥♥♥ing experiance.
,Recommended,239350,10718818,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zacked,"Perfect for playing in short bursts, even an extremely long game probably won't go beyond 45 minutes, and your average game  is under 20.  And yet, somehow, you'll put 200 hours in and not even touch the rest of your library."
,Recommended,239350,10548723,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Helldozen,"Great game, difficult but always fair, only punishes you for your mistakes."
76561198056908225,Recommended,239350,10645491,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tequila Pete,good
76561198055579125,Recommended,239350,15243763,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Klassy Kat,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME. Favorrite game of all time. Hard as hell so much room for improvement. Rougelike unique life regain. So much depth to this game and so many secrets and tecniques to master. Excellent random generation. Winning is so satisfying just the best game.
,Recommended,239350,22580053,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,kyle,This is my favorite game.
76561198005655240,Recommended,239350,10205503,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Dimonator,Spelunky.
76561198042424269,Recommended,239350,8051293,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,WolfTheWhite,One of the best 2D Action Platformer's i have ever played!
,Recommended,239350,10596060,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pimpin,Shopkeeper called me a terrorist and blew me away with a shotgun for taking his picture.
,Recommended,239350,10690306,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mikal kHill,I played.  I almost immediately died.  10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,239350,30065299,Posted: 20 February,all,Snailiad The Almighty Cannoli,There needs to be a 'Restart Adventure' button in the pause menu for when you ragequit from being hit by an arrow trap from tired ignorance in the caves.
,Recommended,239350,8734886,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,tilde～,"This is easily one of the most all round well made games I had the pleasure to play.Being ""difficult but rewarding"": this game sets the standard for being difficult in a fair way, and rewards the player for doing good. The world is not ""out to kill you”, rather it's ""laid out to punish every mistake you make"". Rarely an enemy will chase you down or you’ll find yourself in an impossible situation, there’s usually multiple ways to approach an obstacle. The limit is usually player skill.Every level is procedurally generated.It has a sheer amount of content (items, weapons, aggressive and neutral mobs that can and will interact with each other), secrets and little details that you never stop to come agross. From some weird jump-whipping mechanic to whole secret stages that maybe only 1% of the players ever get to see.A remark needs to be made about the random nature of the game: every level of every new playthrough is composed of a number of randomly selected “pieces” placed on a grid, the pieces are either predetermined (from a poll made by the developer) or probabilistic. That is, along with the “permadeath” nature of the game, the main roguelike feature of Spelunky.But aside from that, most of the game is all but random, and after enough practicing (I have roughly 100h into the game) it’s entirely possible to have seen or even traversed every possible type of “block” in the game (should be around 200 excluding probabilistic tiles*). The number of possible arrangements is a whole another story and we easily go over the 1e7.For the most part, enemies in the game follow very rigorous patterns of movement and have very well defined hitboxes and abilities, the base weapon (the whip, what you’ll be using most of the time) has such a depth to it that even after 100h I couldn’t fully master it.This bond of randomness and well-defined gameplay rules make Spelunky a very challenging game to master: it requires both the execution of very tight inputs while being constantly able to improvise and take decisions very quickly.Overall, one of my favorites ever, highly recommended👍👍"
,Recommended,239350,2061032,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Portponky,"This is like the original game but lacking the pace and depth of gameplay. There's much more in this game, it just isn't that awesome. It's like a 26 inch pizza where the outer 14 inches is all crust: an unnecessarily swollen and expanded version of an already perfectly valid classic. Recommended anyway, because hey, it's Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,12209808,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Auburn,"Just like Skyrim, you take arrows in the knee, kill shopkeepers, and get killed by obscure cave creatures.11/10"
76561198041992587,Recommended,239350,14854825,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Baha',"This game is awesome, I can't even reach the 3rd level, but I keep playing.Damn I'm so bad at this game..."
,Recommended,239350,21871231,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Leviathan,"Spelunky is a game made by Derek Yu, a developer with a vision it seems he was clearly able to code into reality. This game is nothing less than a classic - a game that should be immortalized in a museum. It controls tighter than most platformers I've played and its deceptively simple mechanics conceal an immense amount of depth. It's absolutely a difficult game, but it's not insurmountable. Spelunky rewards learning from one's mistakes with an unmistakeable sense of progression - you can actually feel yourself improving as you go along.One of the few games you should beat in your lifetime."
76561198084936704,Recommended,239350,8218518,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,bogsbuny,this is a good game
,Recommended,239350,13310573,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mek,Its fun once you know what to do but even then its still super difficult. Tons of replayability because of random generation and there is also a daily challenge to do everyday.10 Meows / 10
,Recommended,239350,26530956,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Megamaniaco,Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already.10/10 would do a lazy review again.
,Recommended,239350,7841829,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Scwire,Don't buy this game.  The Random generation is♥♥♥♥♥♥  Isn't fun in the least.  Could be cruising along then bam you lose 4 HP and game over.  Stupidest thing I have seen in awhile.
,Recommended,239350,7833485,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,stancrispy,"If you like challenging platformers buy this right away!  I love this game.   It seems unfairly punishing initally, but you get better quickly.  Figuring out new strategies  by combining different items is a lot of fun.  It is hard, though, and not for the weak willed gamer :p"
,Recommended,239350,10792154,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Raccoon Thing,"Spelunk;[Spee·lunk]Noun.A trick learned from a cruel subterranean death.Spelunking;[Spee·lun·king]Noun.The hobby or practice of dying cruelly undergroundSpelunky;[Spee·lun·kee]Adjective,spelunk·ier spelunk·iest.1.Steeped in spelunks2.Pertaining to, or reminiscent of a Spelunk"
76561198127301819,Recommended,239350,21474631,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,spacefroge,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
,Recommended,239350,27745460,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shrike,"Spelunky is an instant classic.  It's a combination of the following:- Tight, fluid mechanics that give the player perfect control.- A rapidly ramping challenge that forces the player to stay focused.- Randomization that keeps the experience fresh and allows for near infinite replayability.This is a game that you will come back to for the rest of your life."
76561198109769383,Recommended,239350,15461529,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ray,I threw a rock. It bounced off a wall and killed me.10/10
76561198132811746,Recommended,239350,30091629,Posted: 21 February,all,Doodling Hitman,This game is a gift from the Gods.
,Recommended,239350,14371246,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Eggdodger,"Spelunky is one of the rare games that not only offer a fair challenge, but also make it apparent that you, the player, made the fatal mistake that caused your death. I have never felt that the game was being unfair; I simply misjumped, or used too many of my resources, or went for treasure I shouldn't have. Here's something that speaks of its difficulty: Many people quit before they get out of the mines into the next world, which is really sad, because this game offers so much more. I have only now, with about 50 hours in this game, begun to get to Olmec's temple consistently. With death sending you back to the start with only your initial items, Spelunky creates an interesting, unspoken system of risk-and-reward: if I use my rope to get those gold bars, will I be able to buy/find more later? Will it be worth the risk to steal from this store? Can I take out that giant spider looming over a supply crate? All of these decisions are ones that can make or break your expedition, and must be made quickly, for dawdling for too long in one level can be very costly. Two minutes, thirty seconds... Clock is ticking... Don't worry about a learning curve; there is a short, comprehensive tutorial that teaches you all the basics you need to know to survive.One of the most amazing sensations you will get playing this game is the feeling of gradual process. Your character does not get better abilities, and he does not obtain better items than any you could have gotten from the start; all of your success comes from your experience and ability to predict how creatures, traps and layouts will play out with your given actions. Additionally, you will gain knowledge of the game's secrets, either accidentally or through some in-game detective work (looking it up will ruin it for you, I promise).The multiplayer definitely has a learning curve of its own, as your friends' whips stun you if you're too close, their ropes do 1 damage if the hook hits you, their bombs can kill you, they can hurt you with projectiles, they can throw you (which sometimes can be a boon)... It's not all bad, though. As long as one person is still alive, all you need to get back in the game is for them to open up a coffin in the next level. You can pick up your friends' items when they die, and you'll always have someone watching your back. However, be warned: it's local only, and in the Xbox and PC versions, everyone has to stay on one screen (with PS3, you can connect your PSP and use it as a separate screen).The amount of charm put into the art of this game is reminiscent of Paper Mario, and the amount of love put into every piece of lore from classic mythos and religions is breath-taking. You're going to love this game if you're not the type of person to surrender. I whole-heartedly recommend it, even at full price."
,Recommended,239350,8768090,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Magnolia Caboose Babyshit,"Wonderful and yet so evil game. Don't go in to this one thinking it's some sort of fast-paced action platformer, because if you do you'll probably die within 5 minutes or so. Once you get the hang of spelunky it gets really fun to play. Tons of secrets to unravel, plenty of unlockable characters, Challenging achievements and so much more. With the addition of the daily challenge it gets even more intruiging to play since you got a reason to come back to the game every single day. I can't recommend this enough, just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already...."
,Recommended,239350,15722539,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SetanKecil,"Interesting game, simple but addictive."
76561197992049838,Recommended,239350,28667051,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JELL-O Sun,Is good. Lots of replayability. Daily high score runs. I wish the co-op camera was better.
,Recommended,239350,10691193,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zombie,I like this game.  I also hate it.  10/10
,Recommended,239350,13582905,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,pope of soap,"There's really not much to say that hasn't already been said. While at the time of this review I only have a few hours in the game, I can attest to what has been said by the top reviewers. This is an amazing game.Basically, if you think Dark Souls is too hard, you probably shouldn't play this game."
,Recommended,239350,22889449,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dodger,"This is probably in my top 3 favorite games of all time.The controls are tight, and the randomization of runs is good enough to where no one run quite feels like the last. I've also never been able to call BS on any run, since 99% of situations and dangers can be defused, even if your luck is♥♥♥♥♥♥ After a while, you get a muscle memory for little details such as what kind of jumps are achieveable, how sprinting can be used to your benefit and detriment, among other things. There's many little secrets and strategies which I think are best left unsaid, and are a joy to find yourself. I've only beaten the game once the normal way, yet I still keep playing again and again to do better, to pull off daring manuevers, to become better and better, and then die instantly due to my own idiocy. I love it so much.The music in the game is quite nice, although I wish some tracks would play more often such as the chiptune inspired track in the mines. The enemy variety is great, my favorite one is the the Anubis. Also, unlike what most people say, the game is very manageable on keyboard, you only need the arrow keys, and they zxas keys.I love all of the traps. I love how shopkeepers function. I love sacrificing my health damsel. I love dieing cause I suck at ghostrunning. Confused on what I mean in the last parts? Play the game to find out."
,Recommended,239350,7765573,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,xxmastershake,"Spelunky is a very difficult game that is based in gradual advancement in platforming skills across randomly generated levels. The game forces players to quickly adapt to changing situations and throws a variety of expertly crafted and balanced enemies and traps at the player at all times. Though the game is very difficult, it's never very frustrating likely do to the fantastic controls  that never cheat the player or a presentation that features some great tunes and really cute characters.Depending on how you will play the game, the Steam version of the game is likely the definitive version for most players and introduces a new mechanic known as the Daily Challenge that allows all players to enjoy the same seeded layout of the game while shooting for high scores on the in-game leaderboards. The only real knock against the game is the exclusion of online multiplayer and being forced into using the same camera during local multiplayer matches. The camera restriction can be removed by purchasing and playing the game on PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3 on PlayStation Network, but many gamers will still prefer the Steam version of the game that also features plenty of ways to mod the characters and items contained in the game as well."
76561198076121791,Recommended,239350,13230001,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Grim,"Spelunky is rogue-like platformer that can be very challenging to master but also very enjoyable to play, the struggle to break the curse of Olmec will keep you in a never ending cycle of pain but always coming back for more, this game isn't for everyone but if you enjoy a good challenge and platformers then this game will definitely be worth your time, make sure to have a controller while playing this game otherwise you're going to regret the purchase."
,Recommended,239350,18735524,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Doc_meth | auth✔,"I definetly recommend this game!I got probably 150-200 hours on it ( most of them offline), and I enjoyed every second of them. It´s a great game, which takes a while to play thru, and sometimes is really frustrating when you die thru spikes or something in the last stage :D.It´s not an easy game, but it´s possible. I´d really enjoy if they would add a Co-Op mode, but it´s really amusing if you play it alone. You can play it with 4 people, if you got 4 devices. You can even use multiple keyboards, but don´t use the same keys for multiple players, or, if I jump, everyone jumps.Pro:+ cute graphic+ does a lot of fun+ is quiet complex+ multiple traps / skins / monsters / maps / gamemodesContra:- no online Co-Op{ - frustrating sometimes }buy it, it´s worth it´s money :)"
76561198149037095,Recommended,239350,33264268,Posted: 5 July,all,Vogelmeister,This game will teach you to stop worrying and embrace your own mortality.
,Recommended,239350,7789598,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Meme dreamer,If you think this is a faggy platformer game you are wrong because this is an addictive faggy platformer game that will make you scream in frustration like when your dad thinks about your life accomplishments
,Recommended,239350,32880541,Posted: 27 June,all,Flatman,Excelente juego para agarrarte a puteadas con tus amigos o tambien en solitario.Indiana Jones Simulator.
76561198031283774,Recommended,239350,32680567,Posted: 23 June,all,ctwmitch,It is good and fun....BUT it also too hard to play...
,Recommended,239350,9398713,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,AL-97,"First, there was a freeware version (released in 2009, now calledSpelunky Classic) which I played extensively for two years and never thought to return to Spelunky after it. Oh boy, was I wrong.I bought enhanced XBLA HD version when it was released and played it almost any other day. Until Windows remake version have come out. Which I bought (GOG version). I don't know how many hours my combined playtime of all versions of Spelunky was to this time, but it have to be massive. Hundreds of hours. That didn’t stop me from buying the Vita version of the game, though. So I could play Spelunky, when I can’t play Spelunky. And now I bought the Steam version of the game, so I could play the Daily Challenge.I don’t think there is another video game in the world, which you can complete in under 3 minutes time (check this amazingspeedrun by Bananasaurus Rex) and yet come back to time, time and time again.Spelunky contains secrets that took months for the community to unravel; it’s level layouts, traps, and placements of things are procedurally generated and thus never repeat itself; relatively small amount of time needed to complete the game only urge you to try new tactics when you fail (and you will!) to do so.I’m playing this game for the fifth year now and despite all the times that I rage quit after falling on spikes on the very first level, despite that I have travelled to Hell and beaten King Yama (on GOG version, still can’t repeat this on Steam version), despite that I have own and played five different version of Spelunky I still can’t get enough of it.Made by just two guys, Spelunky is not only crowning achievement of indie game development, but game development in general, that any of AAA games with huge budgets and lots of staff is yet achieve."
76561198043949157,Recommended,239350,10914776,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CombatCat13,I play this game more than any other game in my steam library. I always enjoy my short and un sucessful runs in Spelunky as I slowly become better at this awesome game! The daily challenges are alway enjoyable!
,Recommended,239350,9355947,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Fear_,IS GUD BUY NOW
,Recommended,239350,10883425,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wh1sp3r,"Spelunky is one of the most entertaining 2D platformer I've played in a long time. It has solid gameplay, excellent controls and the game mechanics are rich and complex."
,Recommended,239350,25493373,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Benn,One of the best platformers on Steam.
76561198072010499,Recommended,239350,27439039,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ButtzMagGee,very nice
76561198060029464,Recommended,239350,11697798,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Lhufas,"gibe online multiplayer plox !!awesome game, just need online multiplayer."
,Recommended,239350,13918167,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","Now, I play dank OG♥♥♥♥♥♥like Ninja Gaiden and Devil May Cry (the original Kamiya-tier one, thank you) and I've played hardcore 8-bit and 16-bit and 32♥♥♥♥♥♥bits in my day, and hell I play MGS on hardest modes and ranks, and I still occasionally dabble in the retro Castlevanias, but it took me about 104 hours to beat Yama without even knowing whether or not that's impressive or sad, and I'm still playing it.Spelunky is like an abusive boyfriend, I hate the pain that it causes me but I keep going back for moreIt's like Dark Souls meets Minecraft (I mean allegedly, I can't stand either one of them), but don't tell the Youtube speedrunners I said that10/10 would rate as ""Okay"" again"
76561197961788623,Recommended,239350,32165868,Posted: 3 June,all,SargoXIII,"Classic sensibility, crazy difficulty, roguelike.If you are attracted to these words, you must purchase this game."
76561198040140353,Recommended,239350,32214699,Posted: 5 June,all,Deathstouch,You'll pay for your crimes !
,Recommended,239350,32174633,Posted: 4 June,all,Glazelf,I don't understand anything in this game.Other than that there's a suspicious amount of minerals in this one cave...
,Recommended,239350,12660246,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Vanilla Sky,"One of my the best Rogue-like in my opinion.Endless fun, always a different experience."
,Recommended,239350,8119635,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,d4c ★ love train,if you dont like this game you have brain damage
,Recommended,239350,7827501,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Taffer,"When you die, it is your fault.Play with the wii classsic controller for great success."
,Recommended,239350,28772301,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Colonel Wotdah,"The fact that this game contains Bats, confirms that someone hates me.I Recommend this game."
,Recommended,239350,56625,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Ludonaut,"Progression through skill, not upgrades. Spelunky is all about dying over and over again, and learning from it. It's a game about MASTERY."
,Recommended,239350,13671330,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,"This is the most accurate first person cave-hiking simulator I have ever experienced. I would greater recommend it to anyone who has wanted to experience caverns, but is located in an area that makes it difficult for them to do so."
,Recommended,239350,9707240,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,N O O L (TESTOSTERONE MODE),YOU CAN THROW A WOMEN AT AN ALIEN10/10
76561198044898074,Recommended,239350,12988493,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BabyCakeThunderByrd,"Extremely hard but so rewarding!Really. A lot of fun and expect to break your head.Other then that. Well, the game looks good. Controls are easy but my guess is that a controller is necessary.Music? Maaaa..."
,Recommended,239350,13579568,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Fine Fellow,Make sure your brain has at least 1GB of storage to comprehend this amazing adventure as you attempt to bring down Olmec and escape the caves! Spelunky FTW
,Recommended,239350,22360238,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Illegallaws,"Amazing roguelite platformer, just buy it right now."
76561198043998750,Recommended,239350,13865741,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,RamonaReason,"This is how you make an addictive game. Random generation done in the right way, with consistency to make it predictable but still challenging. So every time you get a little farther knowing generally what to expect rather than not know at all whats coming next. Having a varitey of items which are self explained as well as having a twist on some others. Packed with pleanty of secrets as well, which are really fun to find. Hilarious and cute cartoon design that also really helps the game be as appealing as it is. Leaderboards for the over achievers. Awesome exploration. lite-strategic gameplay as well! Wonderful enemy varitey. Failure is almost always the players fault.  The music is tasteful and fitting. These are all the things this game does right. Sessions are normally quick and it's easy to pick up and just play. Has multiplayer up to four players. Fantastic little title that I can't recomend enough."
,Recommended,239350,17161414,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Alexandra Costa,"I have reached 100 hours in this game, it's my mostly played game and one of the few games I go back to play in my steam library.I recommend it to anyone who likes roguelikes and likes/doesn't mind platformers (I'm not a huge fan of platformers, but I love this game)A sample of my gameplay experience:I bought a pink mystery gift and got a machette, I didn't want it so I didn't take it. In the next level I bought a green mystery gift and got a machetteagain. That's when I snapped, picked it up and killed the shopkeeper to obtain his shotgun. Now I'm a wanted criminal, all because I got bad luck on mystery gifts.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,31228728,Posted: 18 April,all,Temp,ridiculous amount of fun
,Recommended,239350,31243933,Posted: 19 April,all,matthewbaldwin,Hope you enjoy dying.
,Recommended,239350,18902916,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Shuu,"ball-busting and soul crushing, highly recommended"
,Recommended,239350,11046277,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,dwimdopey,gl
76561197974517652,Recommended,239350,9491924,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,40_Onyx???,"Spelunky is definitely the best arcade of 2013, well, and best arcade since SMB. And its hard, like  HARD hard. You could find yourself dying at the first stage dozens and dozens times many different ways. Anyway it's a very manifold, funny and colorful game with great replayability (actually you got no choice with it sometimes:)), game generate levels mobs, events and secret doors randomly, so you couldn't remember all traps and secrets. Every time it'll tell you new story about brave (or not so brave) explorer.One great thing about spelunky is co-op versus, which sadly could be only local. But I promise you it's the most entitlement one since Bomberman. It is challenging and funny even with bots.Spelunky is the school of patience, so it will teach you being patient or you'll die in a moment, break your keyboard and uninstall it as fast as possible."
,Recommended,239350,22844639,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Defender of Asa Bay,Almost 300h ingame. Knows tons of things about the game and calls himself experienced spelunker. Still dies almost every try to random stuff.Always comes back to die again. 10/10
76561198015461883,Recommended,239350,13044913,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,-|WaD|- FMJunkie,Never have I enjoyed failing so much.
,Recommended,239350,10530149,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,JP,"I consider Spelunky a landmark achievement in Procedural Death Labyrinth design.  The combinatorial possibilities of all the objects, the quality of the level generation, the non-coercive invitation to regular play via Daily Challenge... it basically does everything right.  I just wish they'd finish porting it to Linux!"
76561198095141770,Recommended,239350,13312872,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,King Horse,"Spelunky is the best simulator of my vag.The accuracy is just incredible: I mean, I'm 99% sure Derek Yu has never been inside my ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and despite this, he somehow knows.It's so true, this game. When I first enter my ♥♥♥♥♥, the immediate thing I feel is a dry, spider-infested cave. And after a few minutes of play, I get to a hot, wet jungle full of frogs and amazon people. And later, as I go deeper, it turns into a frozen, slippery abyss (this, by the way, is where Derek Yu makes an error; I am 100% sure there are no aliens in my uterus. But it's okay; it's his game; I mean, he didn't NEED to make a game about my cooch but he did and it took him many years; I really hope I'm not coming off as ungrateful, <3). And after the abyss, and if I'm lucky enough to have any working toys left, I enter Olmec's temple, or at least the Egyptian/Mexican town before it.I don't lie and will not now; I've so far never had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I have never reached Olmec. I've seen YouTube vids of other people playing with my Olmec, but the vicarious viewage isn't what I want. I myself want to do it! Why has God made it so hard for me to get to it? Is it a lack of skill, or is there a special combination of toys I don't know of?And apparently Olmec isn't even the true end. There are YouTube videos of people beating ""Hell."" Could that be my cervix? Giving myself an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is hard enough. But I do wonder what it would be like to touch my cervix. It looks like it hurts, but people who've spent their youth playing the simulator of my ♥♥♥♥♥ say it's worth it.Derek Yu, thank you so much for making this beautiful game about my hole. You are amazing; I love you! <3 <3 <310/10"
,Recommended,239350,13800532,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Date Mike,best pick-up simulator11.5/10
,Recommended,239350,29488323,Posted: 25 January,all,Ilinoria,I want this to be multiplayer on-line
,Recommended,239350,13934721,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PillsEater,more like cantgetpastgoddamjungle
76561198101816294,Recommended,239350,12988918,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Big Booty Judy,This game is super dope
76561198017841144,Recommended,239350,31754855,Posted: 14 May,all,Dagaz,"200 runs to beat yama, it was fun and it still is"
,Not Recommended,239350,15335090,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Akka,"You will pay for your crimesYears ago I blasted this game with a negative review and put it down without having beaten it.Now I've cleared Olmec and even the Yama and let me tell you--beating this game isn't satisfying.It's simply too difficult. The game is rigged with too many ""gotcha"" moments that either instantly kill the player or chain stun them to a quick death. All the time you spend hoarding bombs and gathering money is flushed away at a moments notice.Not every death is even your fault. The ufo aliens can shoot a block from the store while offscreen from across the realm and then every shopkeeper is out for your blood. The boulder trap has much the same effect if it collides with any store.There isn't much content here, and what you do see is recycled heavily thanks to the permadeath. Procedurally generated levels will ensure that you get screwed over in a myriad of ways. With enough tries you'll eventually get lucky and not get blind sided by any of the numerous traps waiting to make you start over and waste your time.La-Mulana, another game where you play as an Indiana Jones look-alike and explore a temple filled with treasure and monsters, absolutely blows this game away in every possible way."
76561198014358363,Not Recommended,239350,8466659,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,omgbano!,"This game has awesome potential! It looks really cool, has a ton of content, and stays challenging.If you aren't a patient gamer, this is not the game for you. I am not patient enough to progress in this game. In 5 hours of playing, I only got to the 4th level once, and died immediately. I love rogelike games, but I can't find my rhythm in this one.Lots of cool stuff, but you have to have patience."
,Not Recommended,239350,8014721,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Mama's Boy,"This game and its description have some ethic issues. Nowhere on the page it says that this game has a TIME LIMIT. Here's what happens on every level after 2 minutes had passed - an invincible ghost appears that passes through walls and chases you through the maze. This is almost EXACTLY the opposite of what the game descriptions says (You'll have complete freedom while you navigate the fully-destructible environments and master their many secrets.). So please, if you don't like this kind of RUSHED gameplay, stay away from this game."
,Recommended,239350,8415823,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Paulie Gualtieri,"If you like dying repeatedly in different ways, then get sent back to do the same thing again, in a vicious cyle, you'll love this game"
76561198012114260,Recommended,239350,8231953,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,NinjaInDrag,I wholeheartedley recomend this game to anyone who enjoys the rouglike genre and even to those who don't.  Screw it everyone should play this game.
76561198058531614,Recommended,239350,9119748,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Almeric,THIS GAME IS SOOO ADICITNG (yes i cant spell)
76561198044510451,Recommended,239350,9506478,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,VonL,"Hard game with endless hours of entertainment, with a nice competitive aspect built in. 10/10"
76561198039029394,Recommended,239350,7902514,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,r.i.popa.,If you don't get this game and you are on my friends list I will remove you. This game is that good.
76561198038390845,Recommended,239350,9299685,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,`NiX,super hard game but it gets more fun with more practice
,Recommended,239350,14519980,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spike Ash,A perfect classic! It would be more perfect if I actually beat the game (30+ hours and counting)!
76561198068420786,Recommended,239350,9138601,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Gay Garfield,Probably the best game I own on steam. You will just keep coming back to this game all the time. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,15011943,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Milk s< Pink mantis,good game
,Recommended,239350,24788180,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,"Effective ""Daddy"" Power","I cannot see what I am typing right now b ut I want EVERYBODY WHO BUTYS THIS GAME (Yes, this gamne: Spelunky for the Steam Personal Computer) Spelunky is a very very good game. I love to run, I love to jump, and I love to explore. Unfortunately I am crippled so I cannot do that in real life. However, Spelunky allows me to live out my dreams of being a Mystery Man not unlike the Famous Indianna Joness and jump on SPiders and throw Savemen into spuike traps and the such. Being alone and sad forever really sucks, actually, but you know what doesnt:??? Spelunky!!!"
,Recommended,239350,7827955,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,deano546,Just buy it FFS.
,Recommended,239350,7833195,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,dongus,buy it buy it buy it buy it it's like £3 buy ittttttttttttttttttt
,Recommended,239350,10121132,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,InfiniteIntegral,stupidly good
76561198064484479,Recommended,239350,7463422,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,PuffinMuffins,Great game for those people who love ripping thier hair out one by one :)
,Recommended,239350,8566340,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Pingasinator,"It is very fun, with lots of high stakes, perma-death platforming.  Brilliant game, BUY IT!!!!"
76561197996836648,Recommended,239350,8513506,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tolgi,It's pretty fun. You can easily sink several hours into it.
,Recommended,239350,13502850,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Prince of the Iron Fist,"Fustratingly hard, yet hard to put down."
,Recommended,239350,8708525,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,⎛⎝XΣRXΣS⎠⎞,This game is hard.. But very fun.
,Recommended,239350,9678331,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bloodpix,"I like Spelunky. It seems noone else I know does though. Its kinda like indiana jones ( which I hate ) and mario ( which im ok with ) combined.  The mario aspect is everything basically. you jump on enemies to kill, you can throw things at enemies and such. But the game has a general indiana jones feel, what with it being a cave and you an explorer. There are plenty of traps, and I have yet to make it past the stupid jungle...curse you tiki spikes...But none the less, this is definetly a rage game. If your like me and dont rage easily but you get a kick out of trial and error, this game is for you. Maps are always changing, its fun to pick up damsels ( or dogs or man pecs...<3 ), its fun to steal the golden mask, and its fun to set things off. But does anyone remember that stupid "" Dont hurt the chicken!"" from skyrim? Dont attack or steal from the vendor. You will get shot. With a shotgun. Of ultimatly 1 hit K.O death. So if I was to base this on a outta 10 score, I give it an 8/10. I definetly will recommend this to friends. Its also a multiplayer game, but thats even harder then the original seeing as how there is only 1 camrea I think. Havent tried it yet on the PC. I hope anyone else who gets this game enjoys playing it just as much as I do, and gets a good scream out of it."
,Recommended,239350,27414596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bnix,I love this game
76561198101543094,Recommended,239350,21631192,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,coke13,"This game is very hard. That's a good thing i think. i can say i would not recommend this game for the co op part of it as you are locked to one screen.... this is VERY bad because if the second player falls , to bad :| player one control's the screen. but as a solo game you can sink allot of hours into this indie game. 7/10 what pitfall on the NES wanted to be :D"
76561197981310738,Recommended,239350,8353694,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LordBeer,"I played this game a lot longer then I figured I would when I bought it.  A very neat little platformer that reminds me of my old Pitfall days.  Be warned, it's hard.  Prepare to die."
76561198085386538,Recommended,239350,32523050,Posted: 17 June,all,Canned_Butter,i love the climbing glovesoh how i hate the climbing gloves
76561198094565586,Recommended,239350,13756873,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,.Moak,"Just an awesome game.  One of the funnest platformers I've ever played.  Great, great gameplay."
,Recommended,239350,9195593,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,fox,There's like a green place and uhh...some spiders.
,Recommended,239350,33170229,Posted: 2 July,all,Hëx,Fun game and good deathmatch.
,Recommended,239350,33361426,Posted: 7 July,all,32shackwhack,I love spelunky because it is very challenging to play that is why I love it
76561198117343403,Recommended,239350,11692876,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Doctor Mobius,"A must have for people indie game fans and those seeking a challenge. Gameplay is hard, yet fun. Every level is a randomly-generated cave, and as you progress through each levels, more traps and enemies pop up everywhere. There are all sorts of items, levels, and even secret locations that spice up the game.Except for spikes. I've broken several screens because of those."
,Recommended,239350,14359644,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Simple.,Spelunky just never gets boring.
76561198049025816,Recommended,239350,5392657,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Mr Sir,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kikes and musik, what more could you want"
76561197963977254,Recommended,239350,7800561,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DJ Speedin,"Spelunky is a unique Dungeon Crawler... If it even fits in that title, IT WILL ALWAYS BE DIFFERENT and always have different outcomes and strategies."
76561198048056488,Recommended,239350,7868172,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,njb37,g8
,Recommended,239350,16946984,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,buckeye,"Spelunky is an action-packed, proceduallry-generating, strategic platformer. You'll get addicted to this charming cave crawler in absolutely no time. You can either compete with friends in local deathmatch, or you can compete online with others in the Daily Challenge mode, which updates every day. Of course there is always the classic adventure mode where  you have been called to explore the depths of hell, and gather it's riches. This is the very definition of with risk comes reward, especially after dying multiple of dozens of times, you will eventually liberate the worlds riches, and they wil be all yours! Fight bosses and fend off enemies that will kill you if it's the last thing they do. Each and every enemy has a different plot to brutally end your life. But don't let that stop you! You will gain skills and knowledge in your journal and eventually become the sensei of caving. However, only one question faces you, will you become a world renound explorer, or be mercilessly killed by the creatures the dangerous caves behold?"
76561198000325668,Recommended,239350,10617697,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Moran,If you love being frustrated with games then you are going to love Spelunky!
,Recommended,239350,10692259,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,birdvsworm,"If you like roguelikes, this is one of the best. Highly dynamic, never play through the same way. Some amazing stuff happens.Now with the summer sale discounting this game down to a WHOPPING $3.75 I can recommend it enough. Just get it! It also has some fun multiplayer (if you can get enough friends together that don't want to kill each other - think Super Smash Bros. but with cooperation instead of competition)."
76561198002332609,Recommended,239350,10734175,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,LobsterKong,"Fantastic game, always something new and such a high skill cap."
,Recommended,239350,10648836,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,randallteal,"It's everything I love about The Binding of Isaac, but tied together with great platforming and a slick presentation. Figuring out how to use your resources to mine each level for gold is a fun challenge, and every item is valuable in its own way. The Spelunky Daily Challenge is simple, but awesome. Everything about Spelunky is simple, but awesome. It feels like they took a much larger, clunkier game and sawed off everything aggravating about it. It's a wonderful thing."
,Recommended,239350,10678899,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,linkboy992000,"Spelunky is an interesting specimen. Initially I didn't find much about it to be interesting, but I did find myself coming back to play it time and again. I should mention that I started off with the freeware version. Such humble beginnings.The beauty of this game is that the more I played the game, the more I realized why I wanted to keep playing and the more I wanted to experience more of what the game had to offer. This is a game all about learning. Learning about game mechanics, about enemy behavior, about little tidbits about how the world works and about the hidden lore underneath the surface.Every game is about learning, right? So why is this such a big deal? In Spelunky, it's kind of a very big deal because you will not win the first time you play. Or the second time. Or the third. Or possibly even within the first hundred times you've played. Death will come early and often. But each time you die, you walk away with a little bit more experience. Just a tad more wisdom. ""Oh, okay, next time I WON'T throw that rock at the shopkeeper. That's a BAD idea."" Over time you start to pick up on the little nuances. Every run you're just a little bit better. But there's always more to learn. To this day, I have played the game for countless hours and still have runs where something completely unexpected happens and I experience something new (like falling to the platform below me only to be met in mid-air with an icy blast that freezes me instantly and upon my arrival on the ground I shatter into a million pieces. Right AFTER using the Ankh to get the Hedjet. I wasn't even mad. I just laughed).This game has so much to offer and a world that is enriched with a myriad of details and hidden truths, and the only way to truly experience it all is to just keep playing the game. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys adventure and discovery and doesn't mind a bit of suffering to get it."
,Recommended,239350,10608911,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheCtrlAltLlama,"This game is a rougelike, procedurally generated, platformer -blah blah blah...Anyone could tell you that.What I can tell you is that this game is awesome. Great soundtrack, artstyle, and controls that could never be more perfect.This game is incredibly hard, but it's almost spectacular that it can still draw me back in after hours of agonizing, crushing defeat. After > 7 hours, I never got past the jungle levels. I died over, and over, and over again, but never, not even once, did I get angry or even the least but frustrated that all of my effort just went to waste. You know why? Because this game is polished to perfection. The controls are simple, intuitive and every time I died, it was my fault, and I knew it. It wasn't because of floaty controls or crappy dificulty curves. It was becauseImade the mistake.This game is gold, and deserves every single bit of its acclaim.It's a must-buy for any gamer"
,Recommended,239350,10630650,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JR,yep
76561197988920866,Recommended,239350,10640185,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ThuglyDrunk,"Spelunky is the best 2d platformer you're gonna find on Steam, buy it now."
76561198012008941,Recommended,239350,10695988,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sokpuppet,Best.THE best.Ever.
,Recommended,239350,10682640,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MWGND,"Also known as ""God-♥♥♥♥ing-dammit, I ♥♥♥♥ing died again. Why the ♥♥♥♥ do I keep ♥♥♥♥ing do this to myself?"""
76561198076904436,Recommended,239350,21611067,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bobby Zeal,"A haiku:Collecting Diamonds,Plasma Blasting Shopkeepers,That is Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,22152435,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mə(r)hjuːmən,Absolutely fun game and very hard XD
76561198086776478,Recommended,239350,21860802,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,bad at games,11/10 will bring you back to your 90s childhood
76561198122726185,Recommended,239350,27008307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thornforg,Very fun rouglike that is dificult but rewarding
76561198006937158,Recommended,239350,11320598,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Barf,HOLY CRAP EXPLORING CAVES AND TOMBS AND STUFF OMG YEAAAA
76561198095455533,Recommended,239350,20149155,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,very nice game
76561198071399657,Recommended,239350,8995344,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Tym 여성을 존중하다,I hate this game10/10
,Recommended,239350,20013582,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ChicoPudding,">Be me>Having played the original Web Game>Buy this game on Steam>Go down in the caverns>Gather gold>Gather more gold>Stumble upon Store>Buy Gadgets>Buy Teleporter>""Teleporter is experimental"">Test it>Teleport into a wall>DieBEST GAME EVER  83/4 WOULD SPELUNK AGAIN!"
76561198117280499,Recommended,239350,26546229,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dolke,"Some people will tell you that this game is a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rage game"". These people are wrong. At first you'll feel like every death was unfair. Every enemy was unpredictable. Every trap was unavoidable. After a few runs, though, you'll begin to see a pattern. Sure, every level in randomly generated, creating a whole new slew of traps, enemies and obstacles, but you can still learn. And that's the beauty of Spelunky. Yes, it's hard. Does it get easier? Definitely. Recently I beat my first hell run in spelunky (hard ending) and the euphoria lasted for hours. If you have an easily adaptable mindset, pick up this game."
,Recommended,239350,9158972,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bafooba (soontobeback),Tickles my dreams of spelunking and getting fu cked.
76561198144873182,Recommended,239350,29452482,Posted: 23 January,all,Anpanman,"""Bringing a bowl of hot soup to your desks"" simulator."
,Recommended,239350,10815549,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kyro VII,It's the miggity miggity miggity mac daddy.
,Recommended,239350,11785874,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Taz,"One of my favourite games. Love the art-style, gameplay, content and random level generation.There is lots to explore and find out, as you play alot (and die alot).You can play casually and also 'competitve through the daily challenge (came 13th twice ;)10/10"
76561198144878908,Recommended,239350,11743776,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Security Steve,i wil huk u in the gabba if u don't buy this gaem.
,Recommended,239350,16688618,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Spookilated Engie,Probably one of the best anger simulators to datethose frogs do a good job.
,Recommended,239350,8256748,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ian,gpopd gaem
76561197961318643,Recommended,239350,16462443,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Freestyle,This game rocks. Hate it so much though.
,Recommended,239350,17774385,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,JimmyDaButt,Went into the mines.Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by every bat.Level 1-2.Dead.10/10 Would die again.
,Recommended,239350,14902204,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,A big bowl of chili,Best Rube Goldberg machine simulator where the end result is always a shopkeeper shooting you in the face.
,Recommended,239350,15400515,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,fatsopanda,Yes.
,Recommended,239350,16486520,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Born to Cry About Banter,Spelunky BRO
,Recommended,239350,9215177,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Taylor,all i see is signs all i see is dollar signs
76561198192879870,Recommended,239350,15668816,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cumenheimer,love the game but some time feels like slaming my head in to a brick wall great game tho
,Recommended,239350,16079860,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,arbys oathbreaker,"i liked spelunky a lot you can climb up and down with hulk hands and then if you want you can jump on a spider, a snake or a bat, ANYthing......i bought the hulk hands from a shop, the guy at the shop reminds me of richard dreyfus, who i liked a lot in Stakeout. the hulk hands dont always appear though you cant always find them. if you take them richard dreyfus gets mad at you, a lot like the climax of What About Bob (except this isnt funny At All!!) 4/5 stars"
,Recommended,239350,15594822,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Rikinero,"Very rage-inducing, it's sad that I can't even get out of the mines.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,14288925,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,CheesyPotato,This game made me insult myself.10/10 would insult again.
,Recommended,239350,30378666,Posted: 7 March,all,Daniel West,Blue frogs :(
,Recommended,239350,26666988,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,akosnikowski1,"It's like anal: the deeper, the dirtier. Also it get's  harder... All you can really say about Spelunky"
,Recommended,239350,17120320,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Cilic,Here are 3 things I've learned about Spelunky;1. Spelunky is a bully. It WILL beat you up.2. The crate gods are unfair.3. Chaos theory at it's finest.I love this game. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,8147099,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[King of Caylus]  Hipster,"The most thrilling, most replayable, most challenging game you'll ever play. So much good stuff can go down in just a single 30-minute game. Controls are PERFECT.The daily challenge adds another layer of replayability as you strive to improve on your best ten runs.This is the finest game made in years."
76561198281960704,Recommended,239350,33909579,Posted: 30 July,all,BreTTzz,Pretty normal game.Got gameplay.Good animations.Maybe enemys could be easyer to kill or smh
76561198014913462,Recommended,239350,13550638,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Illimitus,The greatest platform game for the PC.
,Recommended,239350,25291814,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,IrriNinja,Brings me back to day where I kept sacrificing my brother. 10/10 would play agin.
,Recommended,239350,15155396,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Soppelmannen,"Absolute great rougelike platformer. One of my favourite games of all time. Endless replayability, very hard, good learning curve."
,Recommended,239350,7775747,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,HappyDuck,Very good and addictive game. I try to play daily challenge every day and it's always a pleasure to come back to the Adventure! (even if each daily challenge does not last too long due to my current skill... :-))
,Recommended,239350,13372791,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Merry,There is only pain here.
,Recommended,239350,7751677,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,HellSnake,"This game is best described as a platformer, with randomly generated levels and permadeath (if you die, you need to start from the beginning). It's one of the most challenging games I've ever seen. Not because it is difficult, which it is (a lot), but because there's always a harder challenge waiting for everyone.Don't let your first deaths discourage you. This game is about dying 10 seconds into the game, and dying, and dying, until your lives begin to last longer, and longer, and longer... and then you reach the second level, and then you aim for the jungle. And then your goal is to get to the ice caves, and then the temple. And then you will curse all the game developers' ancestors because damn, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard. And then, after beating the temple, you have to defeat Olmec, the game final boss.But finishing the game is not all. There are a lot of secrets, and the scariest of all is that Olmec is not even the final boss. There's even a harder way to finish the game.If I had to single out the best feature of this game I would definitely say: replayability. There's always something to do. I'm almost 80 hours into the game and I'm still trying to get the ""low scorer"" (beating the game without collecting any treasure) and ""speedlunky"" (finishing the game in under 8 minutes) achievements.10/10"
76561198064300633,Recommended,239350,7741684,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,gaming malarkey,"a brilliant game that is highly addictive, if you want are a person that wants to get all the achievements a game has you will be playing for soo soooooo long. Price per hour i have played about 185 hours, that much entertainment for £11.99 is a great deal"
,Recommended,239350,7755775,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Archagon,"Like many other roguelike platformers, Spelunky features randomly-generated levels, high difficulty, and permadeth, and it does all of them very well. Far more interesting, however, is the complicated web of emergent interactions that true roguelikes like Nethack are so famous for. Almost every entity in this game can interact with the environment and other entities in multiple ways, and much of the fun lies in discovering new ways to use and abuse existing items or creatures. This also frequently leads to some truly hilarious deaths: you can be perfectly fine one moment, and then suddenly find yourself in the middle of a perverse game of catch between a shopkeeper and a snowman... or cascading down a ruthless pachinko machine of spiders, bats, and spikes... or getting knocked unconscious by a monkey and immediately landing in piranha soup. Every playthrough is unique and full of meaningful choices, and the final-final boss lies at the end of a gauntlet that requires every bit of your skill and knowledge to get through. Spelunky might seem simple on its surface, but it has more depth than almost any other game in its growing subgenre. Highly recommended!"
76561198005654890,Recommended,239350,13552046,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SHIT YEAH!!!,i thought that this was a pretty fun and neat game. hail satan
,Recommended,239350,7686865,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,The Big Jumbo,"Absurdly difficult.This game seems confused about whether it's a casual or hardcore game. The presentation sounds like it'd make for a great multiplayer, pick up and play fun-fest, such as Castle Crashers. You even have adorable color coded explorers.It is not.Yes, it's fun playing multiplayer, just don't expect to get anywhere. There's a reason it's an achievement!There also seems to be a fatal problem with this game in relation to life. It honestly feels utterly useless. Halfway through you should have the Kapala, which sounds like a fantastic item until you realize there is physically no reason you should give a damn about health. After level 2, right about everything spells certain doom. Yeti's toss you to oblivion, ufo's explode, mantraps kill you instantly, and of course, spikes.This seems to be the case with most of the game's breadth of items. Shields, upgraded knives, web shooters, mattocks, they all sound like fantastic fun until you realize that simply nothing beats the shotgun's infinite range. And since you can only carry one item, well, tough luck if you wanna experiment.The City of Gold 'perfect game' emphasizes all the bad parts of this game very nicely. You need to carry the sceptor, which is awful against the true final boss, so you need to anger a shopkeeper so you can trade it in for a shotgun. At this point, you either have a jetpack or you don't stand a chance, as sticky bombs seem to simply be the best way to go about it. Honestly, this game really does suffer from a lack of balancing. Most modern Roguelikes have realized that true random is awful, so they try to make it so that every player gets the same amount of chests, give or take a few, so that they all stand a chance. Even The Binding of Isaac (eventually) implements power scaling on your weapons so you don't usually have multi shot exploding poisonous balls of death. Spelunky doesn't do this, not even remotely. It's perfectly normal to have a level without a single crate, or get far too many bombs, while the next run you get a shotgun the first crate you blow. Though it might seem like it makes the good runs all that much better, they are so rare that the best runs are the most conservative.Spelunky basically teaches you don't be greedy, and don't try to be a hero. If it looks like you can't pull it off, chances are you can't. If it looks like you can pull it off, chances are you'll screw up somehow. The room I got killed in the most, ironically, was the Black Market. Infinite boomerange kill loops, mantraps, fall damage, accidental shopkeeper aggrevation, it's a mess.All in all, however, this game is still wonderfully addictive. If these problems were actually addressed, or the game was opened up for modding like its predeccessor, it wouldn't be as much of a problem. But as it stands, this game will frustrate you until you either give up or play by its rules and eventually win. Eventually. I just wish I could play by my own style sometimes."
,Recommended,239350,7767252,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,escape mechanisms,"THIS GAME IS SO GOOD JUST BUY IT ALREADYIt's hard but fair, and has great gameplay and multiplayer."
76561198070596881,Recommended,239350,12520879,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,indeblotzki,10 out of 10!!
76561198099229376,Recommended,239350,28406480,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jest7in,Best way to make a grown man cry 10/10
,Recommended,239350,7834344,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,biggles,ye4s
76561197972390763,Recommended,239350,578481,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Exige,"Fun and oddly addictive. Endlessly replayable and quite accessible despite the punishing difficulty. Although this plays like a platformer, it was designed as a roguelike so expect to die a lot. The thing is, each death just makes you want to do better next time.The controls take a bit of getting used to since the same button can do several things in different situations... but with a bit of practise they become intuitive and responsive.One of the year's best releases. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239350,15750715,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,SolarFlar3,So good. I have no idea how you could randomly generate rooms that are this good.
76561198070168364,Recommended,239350,15532495,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lord of the bees,I killed a car sized spider by throwing a puppy at it.10/10 would abuse of animals again
,Not Recommended,239350,16123624,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,pichu99,"I had really high expectations of this game. Sadly, i feel like my money went down the drain. The type of gameplay in this game is the quality of a typical flash game to be honest, I mean really, if i want a platformer where i get to the exit I can look up a number of games for free. Maybe the ghost that spawns if you take too long is liked by some people. Maybe whipping enemies and jumping on them is the favorite thing to do of a certain crowd. If you like this game, don't get mad at me for not liking it, this game suits some just fine. But this review is about if I like it, and the answer is no.2/10 blowing up the shop was fun"
,Recommended,239350,31427384,Posted: 28 April,all,ssulcer,"Very fun, very fast or slow. Rewarding with a high skill cap."
,Recommended,239350,24309679,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dr. Shitfaced,"A roguelike platformer where the roguelike part actually works incredibly well. And so does the platforming! Charming visuals, tight gameplay, great music. Infinite replay value."
,Recommended,239350,13557706,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dradoh,one of the best side scrollers on steam.
76561198058977491,Recommended,239350,11965410,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MysticWolf,"This awesome procedurally genorated game looks like a plateformer but is not that in the slightest, its more like indiana jones roge like except you are way more expendable than harrison ford"
76561198112705724,Recommended,239350,9357111,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Rhythmless Breadstick,Prepare to die a lot.It can be very frustrating...but it seems legit.6 out of 5 stars
76561198005079603,Recommended,239350,11296482,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Captain Seasick,"Spelunky is hands-down the best fockin' local multiplayer experience I've had since the early days of the Nintendo 64 era. Even though local multiplayer is (for some focking retärded-äss reason) the ONLY kinda multiplayer in this game, it works. Why? 'Cause it's the kinda multiplayer that rewards teamwork and creative solutions to puzzles, but also makes it so fockin' helluva funny to kill everyone else in your team, just to pïss 'em off!It's got an awesome visual style, striking a sweet-o bandit-o balance between ""goofy and comical"" and ""simply stylistic"", and the sound and music is totally rad. Yeah, I just went 90's on all y'all. Deal with it.Seriously though, if you can round up enough friends to play this in a local 4 player mode, you're in for a WORLD of hurt; not just from getting focked over by your buds, but also from how hard you're gonna laugh when they throw a pug in yo' face and send you flying through 18 different traps and getting bum-räped by a shopkeeper with a shotgun! 8.8/10"
,Recommended,239350,33120921,Posted: 2 July,all,Qüce,kefi ma
,Recommended,239350,21062431,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Birdie Sanders,"Run 1 - What's the big deal, it's not too hard.Run 2 - What are you doing you stupid zubat.Run 3 - The shopkeeper can't do me any harm...Run 7 - Stupid giant boulder, crushing my spine...Run 346 - Nice, a jungle, what this tiki looking thing...?Run 700986 - GODDAMN BATS, STUPID GODDAMN BATS!!!"
76561198062448043,Recommended,239350,15791915,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Wereworm,"I used to be an adventurer like you, until I got:Took an arrow to the face.Bit by a spider.Bit by a snake.Poison spat at me.Impaled on spikes.Shot by a shopkeeper.Mauled by a caveman.Crushed by a block.Rolled over by a giant boulder.A boomerang thrown at me.Nibbled by piranhas.Crushed by a giant head.Burned by lava.Eaten by a plant.Blown up by a bad bomb throw.Angered Kali.Touched the golden idol.Dropped my torch.Dropped the damsel onto spikes.Ended the adventure."
,Recommended,239350,9770258,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,WhiteZero,"As close to a ""perfect game"" as you can get, if you ask me. It seems fairly simple or even shallow at first glance. But once you get into the mechanics and how well they fit together, it becomes clear what the game has to offer. Pretty much everything in the game, from enemies to objects, are subject to the same gameplay rules as the player. And playing these mechanics off of eachother is key to doing well and enjoying the game. Multiple layers of trials present themselves from simply getting out of the Mines, to beating the ""final"" boss, to venturing through Hell and back. Infinitely repayable and challenging. Absolutely recommended. Read Eurogamer's ""Games of the Generation: Spelunky"" article for more insight into the genius of this game."
76561198068849291,Recommended,239350,9894875,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,DeathClaw,"I purchased this game for me, but my 6 yr old Nephew plays it more than I do. The game is really fun and the graphics are really good. Easy to play for anyone of any age."
,Not Recommended,239350,11477527,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Slowacki,"I was kinda hyped about this game after reading the positive reviews, however, I didn't like it at all.I haven't tried the multiplayer aspect of the game so I can't really judge that, I've played only single player.I do like hard games, but I like it when they're fair to you. Here though, sometimes the way the map is generated or some unexpected events, make advancing any further practically impossible.For example, monster gets killed by a trap and explodes just by the shopkeepers store. Well, from now on, you have to deal with an angry shopkeeper on every single level that is to come and good luck with that.Or let's say you're going for the full run to get to the bonus levels and then suddenly, darkness modifier on the next level you enter. Of course, it's not impossible to beat the level, but the chances you will succeed drop drastically.Or just the sole platform/mob placement makes it that you will fail 9 out of 10 times while trying to complete a stunt.Or you make a tiny mistake, which concludes in you being dead instead of just losing some hp, because that yeti just kept catching you and trowing back at a wall, while you could do nothing.I also didn't really like the mechanics of holding one item at a time, which is pretty annoying when digging a tunnel to the temple and on some other occasions. After you finally get a weapon, getting the golden idol or Damsel to the exit becomes just a hassle, because you have to juggle between those items, which involves running back and forth several times, also keeping in mind that the ghost will eventually spawn and get you.I've managed to get to Olmec many times in the end and then finally beat it, with fairly simple tactics, but I've done it strictly for the sake of beating the game, I had no fun in playing it whatsoever."
,Recommended,239350,7792904,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Grokitach,"This game is VERY hard, beware. But the Versus mode is really fun to play with your friends. Hours and hours of fun in sight !8/10, because you'll raging and yelling at your screen because of all those traps... Your controller might die."
,Recommended,239350,8723149,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Spelunky.  Is PERFECT.  The controls are tight the gameplay is always new.  If you die you nobody to blame but yourself.  And trust me you will die.  It is hard.  However, it is a fun kind of hard that makes you want to try again."
76561197968956752,Recommended,239350,10402157,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,✔ Pretty graphics✔ Randomly generated levels✔ High replayability✔ A true platform game✔ Mods exist✘ No DRM-free version (Humble was promised back then)✘ Still no Linux support!
,Recommended,239350,30059651,Posted: 20 February,all,ZEP3X,6 / potato
,Recommended,239350,33399636,Posted: 9 July,all,PROISTABR,my favourite game of all time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239350,33818436,Posted: 26 July,all,SchnozBott,Practically Perfect in Every Way.
76561198027931341,Recommended,239350,9972212,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Nostalgick,http://grueatemyhomework.wordpress.com/2014/04/23/review-spelunky-pc-edition/
,Recommended,239350,32161129,Posted: 3 June,all,bets.gg csgoloto.com,cool
,Recommended,239350,32147433,Posted: 3 June,all,Hyperchaotic,A W E S O M E. That's what I call an indie game.
76561198068767963,Recommended,239350,32149200,Posted: 3 June,all,Karmolames,"Before I played this game, I hate bees. After I played this game, I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hate bees."
76561197972630279,Not Recommended,239350,33732935,Posted: 22 July,all,Turbo Biscuit,"I'm a fan of rogue-likes.  Like another reviewer I have beat Risk of Rain, the new Caveblazers, which is very much like Spelunky, Rogue Legacy, Crypt of the Necrodancer, FTL, etc. I always knew there was something off about this game but felt crazy because it is so well regarded. I've had an RNG snake spit on the shopkeeper, before I even SAW the shop, and now he's trying to kill me through the entire rest of the game. I've died at the entrance to the level because RNG sets off a chain reaction off screen that sends an armed mine straight at your face. There goes your run! Just today I had two of those crushy blocks in the temple spawn in an extremely narrow passage, making it absolutely impossible to pass. It has extremely poor random level generation and if you can see past the poor RNG and cheap deaths, the overall difficulty curve is somewhat consistent until you hit the temple, in which a slew of new enemies and obstacles changes everything and the difficulty spikes well beyond anything that is reasonable. I've made it to the last boss once, died, and now I'm done.  I'm tired of spending hours being at the mercy of this game, where skill and strategy mean next to nothing. If you decide to spend your money on this game, I hope you're feeling lucky!"
,Recommended,239350,1644095,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Revelanth,"A heavily skill-based roguelike platformer that will provide many fine hours of both enjoyment and tension. Astonishing replayability and addictiveness, along with pristine graphics and an excellent soundtrack comprised of a variety of  tense and relaxed themes are Spelunky's defining traits. I simply cannot recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,239350,7753076,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tweed,"This is what you get if you take Broderbund's Spelunker and throw in roguelike elements along with deceptively cute looking graphics, a hard as hell action platforming title that hates your guts right from the get go. Excellent design means solid gameplay that 2D platformer veterans will feel right at home with. The game itself is actually short provided you can get to the end, which you probably won't for a long time, but that also makes it more accessable since you won't want to tear ALL of your hair out when you die another stupid death.The game pratically begs to be played with a controller and requires the patience of Job because you WILL die, you WILL miss it by THAT much, you WILL become frustrated and if you live for challenging games that you simply must complete, you WILL come back for more."
76561197978131107,Recommended,239350,8534898,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Superbeef,"Another free game that was good enough that people demanded a paid version. Spelunky is more than your traditional roguelike, and it's almost distasteful to call it that, given that the title is often used more as an excuse to explain poor gameplay balance. You will die a thousand deaths, and each time you will vow to ""not make the same mistake twice"" - but you probably will - but it will always be because of something you did wrong rather than dumb luck. Over time, imperceptibly at first, you will become better and better. And even when you learn to play it safe, the real rewards are tantalizingly off to the side, just waiting for you to come at them with all your skills.The real star of this game is the random level generator which proves that randomized environments doesn't have to mean ""dumb environments"". Why couldn't Blizzard, with their legions of developers, come anywhere close to matching the randomized level design here? How can one man so soundly trump an entire industry of gamemakers? Each encounter is fair and beatable, each room an exercise in strategy and platforming, and even after hundreds of games, I'm still being surprised by unique challenges the randomizer comes up with.Games typically last between 1 and 30 minutes, so it is easy to just pick up a quick game here and there without getting burned out.If you don't like jumping, and whipping snakes, and shooting giant spiders with a shotgun, and throwing damsels into pits of lava, this probably is not going to be fun for you. Though, you should know that I have judged you both silently and harshly."
76561198071421958,Recommended,239350,10313353,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,eternal jape,fukn suk at dis gaem and neds leik dafy duk♥♥♥♥♥toyz
,Recommended,239350,32161195,Posted: 3 June,all,Frosty Pyro,joredy8ut 6wsa hhj
,Recommended,239350,23461066,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,<Brostradamus>,"much game, great wow"
76561197972142038,Not Recommended,239350,22187747,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TC`whyabc90,"I was interested to try out the rogue-like aspects of the game, but I didn't find much that kept drawing me back. However, platformers are also not my favorite genre. I was counting on more roguelike less platform. Your individual enjoyment will likely depend on where you lie on the platform enjoyment spectrum."
76561198051764221,Recommended,239350,13177518,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MajicMister,"The worst game ever. I hate this game, dont play it"
76561197981484217,Not Recommended,239350,15539249,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nocturnal Emissions,"Bought this game because it was on sale and there were great reviews for it.... but this game has horrible controls, not very intuitive and the character KEEPS GRABBING ON THE LEDGES. This has killed me far more often than anything else, there needs to be a setting to turn that on or off. I haven't seen AI this stupid since the NES days, they will continue running into a wall to try and get to you rather than find a way around which gets you stuck sometimes. This is just lazy programming to make a shiny game and get a quick buck. The difficulty I don't mind, it's the game mechanics and controls that are god awful. I totally regret wasting my money on this game."
,Recommended,239350,8601311,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,cbtlr,"Don't let this game fool you, under it's child like graphics and demeanor lies a rougelike platforming hell.This game is incredibly difficult, and when you hit that right combination of luck and skill, is beyond rewarding. I highly reccomend this game, particularly if you're a fan of things like minecraft, but are also a fan of binding of issac and retro platformers."
,Recommended,239350,12988064,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kiwimango,"This game is really fun and challenging. It has a lot of interesting game mechanics to learn. While some of your deaths will be ""OMG that was unfair BS!"", you'll learn something new almost every time you die. Endless replayability, especially if you want to get on the daily leaderboards."
,Recommended,239350,17168630,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,S'AraisVanu,"Maybe if you're utterly insane. This review:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995328992/recommended/239350/summs it up nicely.And no, it's not fair in theslightest, despite whatanyonesays.Only buy this is you're a masochist."
76561198044211168,Recommended,239350,10161129,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Spence h3,This game was really fun
,Recommended,239350,14243658,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ekolis,"The prototypical roguelike platformer. Featuring all the goomba-stomping action of a platformer (yes, you can jump on enemies' heads) combined with all the procedural deadliness of a roguelike (do I rescue that damsel to restore my health, or sacrifice her to Kali for a free item? And do I buy that feather-fall cloak from the shop, or steal it and risk the wrath of the shopkeeper?) The game plays quickly enough that there's always time for just one more try before heading off to work!"
,Recommended,239350,7831277,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,haydxn,Absolutely the best game. Not even joking. Infinitely replayable.
,Recommended,239350,7831645,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,H@m-M@n,Such Spelunks.So Fun.Much Death.Wow.
,Recommended,239350,19415876,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Skeleaten,Accidentally placed a bomb in the shop.TERRORIST!
76561198151909079,Recommended,239350,16783189,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SiN,I see why my friend said he hated himself when he played this game
76561198072191023,Recommended,239350,8803038,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"BUY IT NOW! I have recently written a review on garrys mod, in which i described it as ""my most favourite games."" then.... i bought spelunky. I only have 50 or so hours at the time of this review, but that number is steadily increasing. I love this game with all my heart and soul, and at the same time i wish that i could find Derek Yu (creator of spelunky) and punch him in the face. Spelunky is not the hardest game i have ever played, but it seems to be, because it punishes you a whole lot. the hardest game i have ever played is just about any game to do with metanet, so basically N and N V2.0, but those games dont punish you. you start over at the beginning of the level when you die, and you are sad, but you try again. NOT THE CASE IN SELUNKY!!!! you will get so far, you will defeat the final boss (who is basically the devil himself) and you will feel like a boss, when you get killed by a FREAKING BAT. SERIOUSLY! the reason i have only fifty or so hours of playtime is because i get so far, i die, and i just calmly turn off my computer, step outside, and punch a tree untill my knuckles are bleeding. BUT DONT GET ME WRONG! Spelunky is the best game i have ever played, it is just so hard. But when you win, ohhhh man, but when you win, you will feel like a god. not kidding, i have tossed that term around before, just meaning that you feel good, but no. you feel like you are the best person in the world. all the universe should be bowing down to you! buy it now! go buy it! for the feeling i got when i first beat the game, i would pay a hundred million dollars, no kidding. GO BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,239350,3903200,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,DarkCloud,"Spelunky is the best platformer game i have ever played since Super Meat Boy.Music is too good and its so genius that they added daily challenges to game,perfect!"
,Recommended,239350,23683171,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Epic Goldfish,So much pain...
,Recommended,239350,29048446,Posted: 5 January,all,MetalHead,"Flaud. Flaud is how I would describe Spelunky. The characters serve barely any purpose besides from looking fabulous.The gameplay of Spelunky is also flaud. If you just walk around in the game you will get barely anywhere. If you run then there is a high chance that you will fall and hurt yourself or run into an enemy, so you either go fast and have a higher chance to die, or you go slow while you explore and if you are too late, the ghost will come and kill you.The best thing about this game is the soundtrack. But even then it's flaud. There are songs that suck donkey dong, and there are songs that make you want to wave your head back and forth.I would still recommend this game if you have nothing to do in your free time. But it's still quite flaud."
,Recommended,239350,29615843,Posted: 31 January,all,Reissyboy91,4 YEARS LATER AND IM STILL PLAYING SPELUNKY. BECAUSE I CANT GET SEEM TO GET THE HELL ENDINGBY THE WAY I WON THIS ON PS4 AND XB1 ANF PS3 SO I HAVE ROUGHLY PUT IN 1OO HOURS.ENOUGH SAID!! GO BUY IT
,Recommended,239350,11541344,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DEVLINK,"Go copulate with a lamppost, you walrus rogering strumpet. I'm a mother♥♥♥♥ing gangster."
,Recommended,239350,23935789,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Papa Paul,WOW!!!
76561198104807979,Recommended,239350,14412432,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dallasflett,No.
,Recommended,239350,19446268,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheScarface43,"A ""Because ♥♥♥♥ you"" simulator.An awfully unforgiving rougelike that will make you really upset about your own silly mistakes that resulted in dying in the most pathetic ways imaginable, just as you were reaching the end of the game. Sometimes up to 45 minutes long playthrough (filled with a lot of effort, luck, skill and pain) can be erased entirely just because you jumped five inches to the right instead of to the left and fell on some random spikes. Amazing.Overall, though, it's a really fun game about exploring the underground and ancient ruins, looking for the ultimate treasure. 2D Indiana Jones, you could say. And when you do succeed - it feels pretty damn good. It has a lot of secrets, things to learn and stuff alike.It's also a lot of fun to play with a friend in local co-op."
,Recommended,239350,23462848,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Spencer,spelunk my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ onii-chan~ding dong good game
,Recommended,239350,831756,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Techbane,"If you remember the old Spelunky, this is pretty much it, with a graphical overhaul, new enemies and some rebalancing. In general the annoying arbitrary behavior of enemies has been tuned to be more predictable so there's less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t instances of dying in controlled combat, but getting hit can be even more devastating to you and the game overall is even harder somehow. It'll kick your♥♥♥♥♥twice as hard as Rogue Legacy, you may never even reach the end, but if you do, by God you'll have earned it through trial, error, and experience."
76561198211289205,Recommended,239350,28842058,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Russell,This game is harder than my erections.
76561198107374203,Recommended,239350,32951346,Posted: 28 June,all,Fiddler crab,pretty badass
76561198047669191,Recommended,239350,19349705,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"One of the best games ever made. Everything works with everything else. Secrets, secrets, secrets upon secrets! Great tunes! Cool art! Impeccable controls!"
,Recommended,239350,23281661,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Suitcaser,"Best roguelike platformer ever made, even better with frozlunky (google it), enabling co-op mode over internet."
76561198158921205,Recommended,239350,32951199,Posted: 28 June,all,Vwoom,i wrote this ro get stickers for summer da;e
,Recommended,239350,23299993,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jack P.,too hard for me baybee but it's good I GUESS
,Recommended,239350,33262316,Posted: 4 July,all,Behemoth,It's okay I guess.
,Recommended,239350,19275432,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,DOT,"If you ever wanted to have a reason to punch your 12 year lil bro for magically hacking your steam account and getting vac banned, now you can"
,Recommended,239350,34218923,Posted: 13 August,all,Dagoth Ur-ethra,♥♥♥♥ the jungle so much god damn i hate it
,Recommended,239350,10743174,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Keebz,"Spelunky is my go-to game for when I have friends over and we want to play something co-op. It's a blast when you're with 3-4 people especially. The only negative is that there is no online co-op, which sucks because I'd like to play it with friends who live far away.8.5/10"
76561198187019247,Recommended,239350,23480105,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Jerry,10/10 would drink bleach again
,Recommended,239350,9334715,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,8bit Jimmy™ ☠,Buy this game ya slags!
,Recommended,239350,9327566,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,GIGACREAM,much wow. such spelunk. very fun. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,11965268,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,ｍｖｈｖ,This game consumes all.
,Recommended,239350,24330208,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,My 'y' keyy tyypes twice,"♥♥♥♥ing hard game, you can find ropes but theres no option to hang yourself with them included ;-;"
,Recommended,239350,20373915,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jacko,Alot of fun for the short time I have played it.Reminds me alot of an old adventure game that I played on the PS2 :)
,Recommended,239350,35088702,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,Mildly entertaining.
,Recommended,239350,7409529,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Cyntrac - SFM posters: Add me,"Epic, Challenging and really fun. But the most rage indusing game in the world Play with caution.GET IT"
,Recommended,239350,17401574,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Jeebus,Can change the 'Damsels' into pug dogs.10/10 would pugify ♥♥♥♥♥es again
,Recommended,239350,9587047,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Squeak Squeak,I will never let a shopkeeper live.The game will never let me get past world 2.9/10
76561198091864000,Recommended,239350,9780521,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Bateman,"This game, this beautiful game you see here, taught me how to love again."
,Recommended,239350,9536597,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,MeepisMurder,"fantastic, but not for those who are easily frustrated"
,Recommended,239350,9182233,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RabbitFood,"Very hard game, tough learning curve but so fun when you get into it."
,Recommended,239350,8577953,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Crispy Tacos,"Unforgiving, but, with the right crowd, it can be a lot of fun."
,Recommended,239350,8989948,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Trovoski,One of the most entertaining games I've ever played!
76561198066039560,Recommended,239350,9210675,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Wolfasaur,I cant get the new update :(
,Recommended,239350,5672877,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Kapow Kow,Great game 4 casual sesions where you just want to play for the fun of it
,Recommended,239350,9212028,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Water_kelpi,Enrageinly addicting. Steep leaning curve that makes you keep coming back wanting to master it. If you love a love/hate relationship in a game this is the one for you.
,Recommended,239350,9221798,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Friedtacos21,this a good roguelike platformer with a good set of ways to die.
76561198121031506,Recommended,239350,8498121,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,purelucky0,"Somewhere during the journey you realize you’ve gained skills, your perception’s changed, and there’s a science to the way you navigate. It’s no longer about just making it through, but making it through well. Its  gret game 10/10, i would buy it when the sales are on so you can get a great game for real cheap"
76561198111754801,Recommended,239350,20678830,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,_ThatOneTavros_,"I would only recommend this game if you have friends. I find it only fun with cooperative play and single player has no pizzaz to it. I refunded it seeing as I have no friends but if you do, I would totally recommend it."
76561198089866128,Recommended,239350,8024361,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Keeeeeeero,:D
,Recommended,239350,7756157,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,t00ey,Challenging but very fun game if you're into platformers and roguelikes you will enjoy this game. A controller is STRONGLY recommended.
,Recommended,239350,8857954,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Matti the Lime,Awesome roguelike platformer.
,Recommended,239350,8555507,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Penguin =),This is an awesome game. I started watching this on youtube and then i said ♥♥♥♥ it why not just buy it so i baught it and now it's the greatest game evar =D
76561198114787753,Recommended,239350,9049587,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,D Dodge Silver,"WONDERFUL GAMEEngaging Gameplay and a very exiting gameplay, multiplayer could use some work, also some online compatibility would be fun, just suggestionsBut So fun, and pretty cheap for what it offers"
76561198088171379,Recommended,239350,12096605,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BIG SUSHI,♥♥♥♥ YOU SPELUNKY (great game)
76561198067798849,Recommended,239350,12021694,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Heartbeat,"I can compare this to say, a mini version of Dark Souls"
76561198051622243,Recommended,239350,8542343,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sam B #Duck,"such good, much werf  very wow"
,Recommended,239350,8795096,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mizukoi,"Like dying to impossible things like accidently not holding the jump button long enough just to fall on some spikes you were standing on? Spelunky, ladies and gentlemen."
76561198068572069,Recommended,239350,8461730,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[NL] jackroza2,Best game ive ever played.There is so much i dont know were to begin.Here some key things in this game.1. Random generate levels.2. Very tight controls.3. Skilled base.4. Permadeath.5. Fair game error and  trails.6. And so much more.I can not recommend this game enough.I got over 100 hours + in thise game.And stil i want to play more.
76561198056590776,Recommended,239350,14786200,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MindD_ContRoL,meh
,Recommended,239350,14510379,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,wicketlink,"I avoided this game for so long because I thought I would hate it. I'm really not a fan of ""frustration"" games in which you die repeatedly as you struggle your way up the learning curve.This is now one of my most played games and is in my top 5 most well designed games, as well as one of my top 5 favorite games of all time.Yes, you will die often. However, most times you do you will say ""I have learned something"". There are countless interactions and mechanics but each one *makes intuitive sense*, even if you wouldn't have predicted it at first. So, when you die, you aren't frustrated because it doesn't feel like the game is mocking you with♥♥♥♥♥♥you couldn't have known, it feels like you are learning more about a sensical world.As with any roguelikes, this is a story generator. The most fun you'll have in this game is when something has gone horribly wrong but you barely manage to scrape it by.I could go on and on about how fantastic this game is. It's to the point that I use it as a shibboleth for a good designer - if you describe your game as ""inspired by Spelunky"" I will sit up and take notice."
76561198025362606,Recommended,239350,14515725,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GizmoTheGremlin,"Even after 400 hours and 1500+ runs I still find new ways to die.10/10, will keep dying."
,Recommended,239350,14519746,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Phynnly,"Have you ever taken a bite of the hottest curry known to man, so hot that it burns your nose hair, makes you cry and say curse words you didn't even know existed like dicknut or cuntpiss?This game is basically that, and you keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,239350,14533876,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,EvanCMC,Awesome game overall.
,Recommended,239350,9379329,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Sgt Jake Paul (82nd),it's Fun and hard at the same time!
76561198042174268,Recommended,239350,13283778,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Boreas,It's alright
76561198073095975,Recommended,239350,10244640,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,HappyBlackCat,Much hard. Such fun.
,Recommended,239350,12782097,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Candy Van,"Absolutely addicting.Randomly generated levels, a variety of weapons and items, and the ability to quickly jump back into the game after dying make Spelunky a very enjoyable experience in short bursts.Game can be frustrating, but the developers did a good job of making the controls tight  enough to make it feel like it is your own fault when you die. Nice looking game, good controls, easy recommendation."
,Recommended,239350,22848435,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BR | I'll Show You Passive,"Very challenging game.Pros:For a roguelike, this game is very skill based.  Most of the time when you die, it's because you weren't paying close enough attention.  In my opinion, this is good design.  The game plays smooth, quick, and is mostly enjoyable as long as you're focused.  Very good for speedrunning, and with a pretty complex physics engine.The story is enjoyable.  I haven't finished the game yet, but wanting to know what actually happens is enough to keep me going.  The tutorial was a nice introduction, too.Good atmosphere:  The areas feel like they should, and have nice touches, such as little crawlers unique to each area which won't hurt you.  Kind of cute.  Each area has its own natives and traps, which will take time and patience to learn in order to succeed.The whip and Indiana Jones references are also a nice touch, while the infamous ghost is also a very cool creepy compliment to the game, something I haven't seen in other roguelikes.The music is also catchy and atmospheric.  Some of the songs are sure to stick in your head.  The game is a pleasant experience when it comes to visuals and audio.Cons:Offscreen arrow traps:  There are several occasions where, no matter how much strategy you use, or how slow you play, you will be nailed by an arrow trap while scrolling the screen horizontally.  This is just plain unfair and is a design flaw no matter how you spin it.  Fix this.Lights out:  This takes away greatly from the skill based portion of the game.  I guess luck SHOULD be a thing in a roguelike, and that's fine for many players.  In my opinion, having a good run ruined by falling on spikes you can't see is kind of offputting.Tunnel guy shotgun:  The way casual players progress through the game on a grand scheme is through the tunnel guy.  He has usually reasonable requests; a few rope, or a few bombs in exchange for a checkpoint, if you do it enough times.  Having him request a shotgun is not reasonable compared to the other things he asks for.No swap system:  I'm sure we can all agree that it's pretty annoying having to crouch-drop your item before you can pick up the chick or use your whip.  A simple swap system would've made this a lot less tedious.All characters are the same:  I might be wrong on this, since i've only used a few, but it seems all characters start with the same stuff.  In a game like this, you would expect each to have their own advantages and disadvantages.  Again, i've only used a few characters, but the system on the whole seems to be redundant.All things considered, i'd definitely recommend this game, IF you're up for a challenge.  It's definitely above average."
,Recommended,239350,7839622,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,BuryTheLiving,Difficult but addictive.
,Recommended,239350,7743675,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,041744,"Its a great game, its game you get better at the more you play and the more you fail. Its addictive, and there's a ton of content and secrets to keep you coming back time after time. The random nature of the game on each run makes it so replayable. The daily challange to compete with all other players world wide on the same seed makes it insanely replayable even after you have beaten the full game. I am currently at over 100 hours of play and have beaten the game twice in all my runs. Its insanely difficult and incredible rewarding when you manage to completer the game."
,Recommended,239350,15659655,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Havri Horse,Ive only had it for a week and ive already played it more than some games ive owned for 2 years. This game is consuming my life and ruining my relationships with friends and family10/10
,Recommended,239350,14657587,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,The developers are actually spelunkers and explore the ruins of your wallet trying to escape with all the money.
,Recommended,239350,16303895,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Motol,really good impalement simulator
76561197962600165,Recommended,239350,31034680,Posted: 9 April,all,unBlakeable,Best rouge like platformer around.
,Recommended,239350,13767684,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kolffe,10/10 indie hardcore game
76561197999350866,Recommended,239350,18632334,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Radbertus,Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. Crap died again. It's good.
76561198099929989,Recommended,239350,19076141,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Josh,"Spelunky is a great game. I've been playing it since it's FTP days as classic (vastly inferior). With that being said, YOU'RE NOT REACHING HELL WITHOUT CHEAT ENGINE. Unless you are a god at this game, it's insanely hard. It's still extremely difficult WITH CE, as you have to deal with fluctuation of your life values (making you die to a ton of things) and also the at least 10 (I counted exactly 10) ways to kill yourself. It's also a perma death, so you start way back at square one when you die. It's possible to beat the game (but not make it to hell) with the use of shortcuts. With that being said, even with CE it took me over 65 hours to get to hell (although my game did keep crashing, so it's more like 50+ hours. The crashes aren't because of CE, they'd happened before then). Overall, great game but too hard 8.5/10, 10/10 with CE, 9/10 with CE and constant crashes."
,Recommended,239350,24170991,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ℕ𝔸𝕀𝕂𝕆,The fact that 30% of the players never got past the tutorial says a lot about the gameP.S. I'll spell your lunkies ;3
76561197980367279,Recommended,239350,10691034,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,earthican,I'm terrible at this game 10/10
,Recommended,239350,10524197,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Superma'am,Yes.
76561198033850740,Recommended,239350,28585236,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SolaRpwR,"I recommend for anyone seeking to pull their hair out from frustration. Screw darksouls, this is the real hardcore game."
,Recommended,239350,16533116,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Voltage,So simple yet so complex! I love everything about the game 10/10!
,Recommended,239350,10504203,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,i am dooter,"Spelunky is one of the few games that i'd give 10/10 without any hesitation. It might seem silly to rate a platformer that high but this game is as close to perfection as it gets. All mechanics and design choices made by the creators (some might seem weird at first, like the ghost limiting your time on a level) are very well-thought and once you get to know the game well you will definitely appreciate them. Morevoer the controls, graphics and pacing are all pretty much flawless and that all adds to the replayability which to me seems almost infinite. If you like rouguellike-ish type gameplay, challenges, secrets and want to play something that is very hard but fair I don't think that anything even comes close to Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,10517466,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,HitchHiker of the Mind,You'll never have so much fun dying.
,Recommended,239350,10525503,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,HARDER THAN BALTHAZAR'S NIPPLES. I CAN'T EVEN GET PASSED THE 2ND LEVEL.
,Recommended,239350,10540776,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chubbily,i die 90% of my runsbut its fun
,Recommended,239350,10656472,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,shade,"What starts off as an unforgiving and somewhat brutal platformer, Spelunky blossoms into a richly deep and satisfying game which rewards patience and strategy. It definitely takes quite a number of hours of play before you can get far, but once you do you will be absolutely hooked.As a rogue-lite platformer, each game is randomised and death is never too far away, as you only start off with 3 health.Decisions you make in the game are often trading off risk vs reward. Much of the game is optional, as getting to the exit of each level, if done directly, is quite easy. The trick is when to know to venture from the beaten path, and how to take on various enemies to score loots.Recommended that after a few hours of play to check out the wiki, but even at almost 20 hours I find I'm still discovering subtle mechanics and new strategies."
,Recommended,239350,10536758,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,parallacks,"Hours of challenging gameplay, definitely worth 15 bucks. my only wish is that it had online multiplayer"
,Recommended,239350,10537366,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,base9wario,It's like La-Mulana but...probably more unforgiving in some respects.
76561197972644480,Recommended,239350,20672067,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,apricot,It's ok.
,Recommended,239350,24009170,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,donPául,Very similar to Binding Of Isaac in terms of game desing. So i like it. 9/10
76561198067362665,Recommended,239350,10696769,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ariuslupis,Found rockThrew it down hallwayKilled 2 batsFound GirlThrew her down hallwayKilled 5 batsFound GhostThrew Girl at Ghost11/10
,Recommended,239350,25195579,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RogueLove,">>> Level loads, walk 3 steps.>>> Shopkeeper: Hey, you can't do that!>>> Shopkeeper- *Murders me with a shotgun*10/10 would get shot again."
,Recommended,239350,27888009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WinstonDouble,it gud
,Recommended,239350,29930882,Posted: 14 February,all,iWow,░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░██░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░░░░██░░████░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░██████████░███░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░███████████░░██░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░████░░░░░██████░░░░░░░░░░░██████████░██░░░░███░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░████░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,239350,29121675,Posted: 8 January,all,MaleMane,im addicted
76561198062007434,Recommended,239350,28332073,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sporadic Onion,Ever wondered what the gaming equivilant to crack-cocaine is?Found it...
,Recommended,239350,22710514,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,JosephMoonGolf,Just get it because it is really good.
,Recommended,239350,28017203,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SPNKr,This is my favorite game. It's very good. Please enjoy it.
,Recommended,239350,27056639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cumpy Lustard... BUT A GHOST!!!,"Picked this for the ""blows my mind"" award because it blows my mind how bad I am at itGreat game though!"
,Recommended,239350,30103604,Posted: 22 February,all,ICould,One of the best roguelike games i have ever played.
,Recommended,239350,28773477,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,skabb,"Get your PETZL headlight out, bring some ropes, bombs and a god damned machine gun, we're going spelunking."
,Recommended,239350,8420751,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,YAN,"Aboslutely worth the praise. Spelunky manages to have a wide variety in its randomized levels while maintaining a sense of familiarity. You'll never get the same level twice, but you'll be able to deal with them better the longer you play. The platforming and controls are very good, the characters move just like you want them do and death never feels like the game's fault. With almost 24 hours on record, I've barely even scratched the surface of this amazing game."
76561198086457357,Recommended,239350,22866640,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Jelogisa,"Minimalist in appearance and mecanics.Controls: perfectly responsive and tuned.Difficulty: Hard (really really hard to finish).Always fair (like always always: when you lose 1 hit point to a trap or a fall ; or when you die, it's your own fault, entirely. You'll always know what you should have done to avoid it).At first you'll think this is a simple game with only one ""biome""/landscape (because you'll die in the first few levels). Then you'll discover there is more to the game, and more .. and more.. and more.. There are different interesting environments that pose different problems as you reach new levels, and there are quite a few secrets to discover throughout the game.I finished a few times the free version that was around a few years ago, like I won 5 times out of a thousand runs, this took me a hundred hours or more.I had to replay the steam enhanced version, because this is the best game of its category (and possibly the best gameplay of all times, all categories together)."
76561197993204057,Recommended,239350,12357396,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,CalvinCrack,"Spelunky is one of the greatest games of all time.  I said it.  You can quote me and put it on the box.  This is one of the most addicting games you will ever play.  You'll get better and better and always have new levels to try out since they are procedurally generated.  That means you could play Spelunky for a long time and still be having fun.The music must be commended as well.  One of my favorite game soundtracks.  Ambient and funky.If you're reading this review becuase you need convincing, just buy the game.  You WON'T be disappointed."
76561198080555610,Recommended,239350,19177620,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TOP Toby,This game is friking annoying.... That's why I like it!
76561198067988091,Recommended,239350,19359154,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,bbhallhall,Frustration simulator 2000. It's good to have a game that reminds me that I suck at games. This one does that perfectly.
,Recommended,239350,16691210,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Slow Rick,"I like this version more because it has better graphics and more zones, but the music for the classic version was much better :3"
76561198155026056,Recommended,239350,15590759,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,u suk
76561198071354476,Recommended,239350,10149841,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pepe,"Like the Binding of Isaac, it's quick to play difficult to master!Love it!8/10"
76561198106251694,Recommended,239350,14538353,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Jack92861,"This game. THIS GAME.It's an excellent exploration game with a huge sense of adventure. Though I will warn you,IT. IS. HARD.But it's hard in a good way. It feels like you need to have skill to make it through, and it leaves you in suspense regarding what lies at the bottom of the cave? If you are going to buy it (which you should), at least complete the shortcut to the next world before you give up."
76561198045648963,Recommended,239350,9380340,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Vicccious,"This game is pretty addicting, I have to say. Essentially, it's randomly generated dungeons+platforming+shopping.It's a bit challenging or really easy, depending on how the dungeon gets generated.Collect up monies, buy stuff from the store, or fight off shop-keeps to gather gear. Go down further into the dungeon, and more.It's a fairly short game if you're good enough, or fairly long if you're not. Hidden areas, weird monsters to fight, and just all around fun. I got it for like $3. $15 seems a bit much, maybe $5 would be worthwhile. Even has multiplayer fighting, which.. doesn't seem too highlighted in the trailer, so something else to consider. Worth it. Buy it. Enjoy it. A nice casual platformer."
76561198095011811,Recommended,239350,10509345,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Blue1017,ONLINE CO-OP OR RIOT!!
,Recommended,239350,10511169,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Gryphus,"After 5 minutes of playing You will think ""Why the ♥♥♥♥ I purchased this game! It's so ♥♥♥♥ing hard"". Then you will ragequit.Then, the following day you will try it again and get hooked, until you master this painful and unforgiving plataformer.The game is fun (specially playing co-op with friends on the couch, laughs assured). Roguelike (random generated levels), colorful graphics, probably the best plataformer I've ever played for hardcore gamers (and that's to say something).Everything can kill you. Some examples of stupid (but frecuent) deaths:-You throw a rock to kill something, but miss, then the rock bounces the wall and hits you.-You actually hit it but are killed by the bounce anyway-You do a blind-fall into a spike trap (insta death). Now I always press down for some seconds to check. No exceptions-You break a pot zelda-style but it contains a monster which bites you, then you get pushed and fall from a cliff, then a darth trap shots at you, then you are hit by some random tribal guy with a boomerang and your corpse keeps bouncing.-You plant a bomb to reach some trasure but the shop was near and the shopkeeper chases you with a shotgun-Tiki-traps. Damned tiki traps, you will hate those.-You get killed by an arrow that came out of nowhere from a dart trap you didn't see.-You throw a rock to disable a dart trap but the arrow bounces and kills you.Oh... and you have 2:30 minutes to complete every level. After that a giant ghost spawns and starts to chase you."
76561198044558327,Recommended,239350,10551831,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Antcopter,Spelunky is a full day's meal in a six ounce steak
,Recommended,239350,10602788,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,protoCJ,One of the best roguelikes I ever played. After 100 hours I finished the game only twice.
,Recommended,239350,10694312,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jonnyb508,this game is sooooo hard but i love it
76561198067618189,Recommended,239350,15589695,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bomoon | bets.gg,"You'll love this game if you're not scared of a challenge!The game itself is realy hard, and it won't go easy on you... not even when you just start!just how i like it :)"
,Recommended,239350,12770311,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bumpkin,"A yeti threw me from one side of a level to the other, through a hole, and sacraficed me, for a baseball glove - 10/10(btw, I have a screenshot of this)"
76561197967778193,Recommended,239350,9657410,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Grey,This game is sooooo hard! but soooooo good!
,Recommended,239350,9494032,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,tromperz,"Yo, if you wanna Spelunk the bedders. GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,239350,9813938,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Pandaa__,"A fun, yet difficult game that could spite your interest if you enjoy Rogue Legacy or The Binding of Isaac. I've played so much of this game and have enjoyed every second of it. Reccomend it to everyone"
,Recommended,239350,7554774,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Kerma,"It's alright, it's a fun smooth game but it suffers from trying too hard to be hard and ends up frustrating me with it's cheap blows if i play it for more than 15 mintues at a time"
76561198064295361,Recommended,239350,8182854,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,cheesecutter,Boring at first but then it gets really fun!!!!
76561198055749117,Recommended,239350,7830430,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DARK-SPIRIT,"Highly recommended, reminds me the early 90's platform games... Though I prefer the pixel Spelunky..."
,Recommended,239350,8048312,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,KaiEkkrin,I need to learn how to stop playing this
76561197966988450,Recommended,239350,8791199,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Tansit,10/10
,Recommended,239350,8354379,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,joshdaniel7117,good game.
,Recommended,239350,8658139,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,KiteEye,Beware of Spelunky. You will have to cheat just to get in the practice you will need to fail over and over.
,Recommended,239350,7307962,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,A Cyan Stone Covered in Mustard,A great game and not a dissapointment of the re-make for the original 2009 version. A 7/10 for no Online Multi-Player.I do recommend you buying it ESPICIALLY because it's on sale.The only suggestions I have are that:Mac VersionOnline Multi-playerMore Achievements.
76561198280609820,Recommended,239350,32463492,Posted: 15 June,all,John F. Kennedy's head@Pvpro.com,this game is kewl i did some hops and died
,Recommended,239350,32536224,Posted: 18 June,all,Captain Lump,"Arrrgh, difficult but playable."
76561197987905370,Recommended,239350,32450073,Posted: 15 June,all,Zihark,"[insert worshipping obnoxious press tittle making a joke with the name of the game]The game may be hard but he's fair & reward trainning and inventive strategy.Mobility system is very smart and contain alot of tricks to learn. Ofc, replay capacities 're one of the greatest interest.Hitboxes're verry well conceive. And in now nearly 2000 ""try"" i encountered very few bugs (2 for being exact) and none of them really affect the gameplay in anyway.He kinda set a new bar to the rogue-like style.Also, special mention for the sloth in swimsuit."
,Recommended,239350,32495372,Posted: 16 June,all,ThinkThatThink,like steamworld dig but harder
,Recommended,239350,32529074,Posted: 18 June,all,Omnomnomnivore,Better than Stellaris.
76561198054655997,Recommended,239350,19859289,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TaintedKnight,It's pretty good
,Recommended,239350,24489146,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,afro_apple,Good.
76561198041951425,Recommended,239350,33353255,Posted: 7 July,all,DatBuddy,"A punishing platformer. 10/10 would accidentally kill my friends again.Note: no online co-op, only local."
76561198142259772,Recommended,239350,33325940,Posted: 6 July,all,R3DW0LF,"This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, in a good way! Difficult to beat but incredibly fun to play. Everyone should own this game.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,33331008,Posted: 6 July,all,rampeguelarg,Help me. I can't stop playing this game.
76561198119678825,Recommended,239350,33361011,Posted: 7 July,all,Blackjack Dog,I have never been so frustrated by a game. I swear this game makes me want to kill myself every two seconds. The next time i see a giant spider I'm actually going to ♥♥♥♥ing kill myself it is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i swear to god ♥♥♥♥ing really takes half my health from one hit and i can't kill it without hitting it like 600 times DUDE ♥♥♥♥ THOSE SPIDERS GODDAMNI tried to steal a human slave from the shop keeper and he shot my and my body flew onto a spike which impaled me10/10 it's a masterpiece
,Recommended,239350,25357530,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,CurLin3,Buy this game u trogledite
,Recommended,239350,14271944,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Johnny Quasar,IS GUD
76561198202177252,Recommended,239350,26572313,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cake_Boy5000,Heck yes.
,Recommended,239350,26632438,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,-SNiGS- BakedBam,"Great game, great local co-op it's gonna be great, it's gonna be great, it's gonna be great.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,26571203,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,rowantree4,10/10 needs more spelunking
,Recommended,239350,29426145,Posted: 22 January,all,diamondman991,spelunky is very fun but I wish it can be made for mac
76561198072026241,Recommended,239350,28745265,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Alright
76561198042120701,Recommended,239350,9114059,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,l.,Death by ANUBIS!
,Recommended,239350,32932626,Posted: 28 June,all,ℱasciitis,"dont mess with the shop owner, yes found it the hard way :D"
76561198060457172,Recommended,239350,8280666,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,popcorn9499,fun game
76561197975598508,Recommended,239350,690509,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Orange_(╭ರᴥ•́),Overly challenging but addictive and fun.
,Recommended,239350,21218103,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Aladeen,"Do I recommend that you buy this game? Do I recommend that you go down a road you can never return from. Leave all of your family and friends and everything you've ever loved to become isolated in your room, only coming out when you have to rebuy monitors because you've punched a hole in all of the other ones. You will have suicidal thoughts but then dismiss those forget about those thoughts because you've just started another round of spelunky. Your children will run up to you and beg you to come outside and play a game of catch but you wont even realise their existence, you will just carry on playing because you cannot stop. After a couple of weeks you might start to feel hungry, but who can satisfy hunger when you have to get things done. You will start to forget things about yourself and who you are or even where you are, all up until you actually think you are among the charecters in the game. Now you are playing for your own life, you feel all of the pain that you cause upon yourself in the game, all good, all bad, translate into real life and you cannot tell the difference between them anymore. You would have lost everything, all of your family, all of your life accomplishments, the only thing you will have left... is spelunky. So do I reccomend this game?Yes, yes I do."
,Recommended,239350,27881832,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TahBahFah,This game never gets boring. I can always come back to it and enjoy myself.
,Recommended,239350,27887026,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dongle,This game is pretty good.
,Recommended,239350,27859825,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,F R O,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,239350,27879184,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Franildo,"Perfect game, best rogue-like i have ever player so far."
,Recommended,239350,16603641,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Elidas,This game is great with coop mode
,Recommended,239350,8657164,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Missingnope.,"Spelunky is a great game. Unlike Minecraft, Spelunky is in 2D and everytime you play, the world changes. You take control of an anonymous spelunker who visits underground areas like, temples, and mines. Earlier, we mentioned the worlds are randomly generated. Well, everytime you play, the world changes. Like in one spot, you find a treasure chest, You'll then find a locked up placed with a guy with a shotgun in it the next time you play. When playing on a keyboard, the controls are stiff. Plugging in a USB controller makes the controls feel responsive and great. Just so you know, don't stay in the same level for 2:30. Somethin' bad will happen."
,Recommended,239350,24150979,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Schlinkle,gud
,Recommended,239350,7756299,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ChaosReigner,This game taught me that women (and hunky men) are basically just rocks that give you life at the end of the level.
,Recommended,239350,17448517,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Karasz,Looking for treasure is not as easy as you think.
,Recommended,239350,33761353,Posted: 24 July,all,evan,This game has made me kill myself in real life 3+ times now
76561198189910565,Recommended,239350,33752886,Posted: 23 July,all,quickeagle12 ☆VG☆,Great game its defintly worth it. i dont much to say other than its great and it keeps me plaing because every run is unique
76561198009380260,Recommended,239350,15732466,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,VhunTerD,I put this review up to show my dominance in hours but its so weak in comparison to every other person that owns this game...
,Recommended,239350,10890167,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cloverking,"If you enjoy having your soul crushed repeatedly by a robotic nazi who's sole purpose in life is to follow you around and throw rocks at your testacles and impregnate your wife and sister and mother while you're crying on the ground, this game is for you.Also please get therapy."
,Recommended,239350,17686228,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ravled,"Endless replay value.Infinite source of unforgiving challenge, fun and frustration.Definitely a MUST PLAY."
,Recommended,239350,12635553,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Healthycheekums,Trusty whip simulator.
76561198310670069,Recommended,239350,33346877,Posted: 7 July,all,Ruler of Monkeys,Spikes and bats and spiders. The end of you.
,Not Recommended,239350,16047698,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198090888252,Recommended,239350,9674600,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Kevin Nut,you can play as a fat green guy10/10
,Recommended,239350,22203234,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Isaaciscoo,"I love how this game is a nice mix of Terraria and Binding of Isaac. The only things I want for this game is some updates for even more items (because gamers are greedy for more) and multiplayer. That's right, there is no online multiplayer. I got 2 versions for my friend and I and we were pleasently suprised when we couldn't play together. Eventually we did play with each other after using Frozlunky and Hamachi (still, you can only play 2 player coop instead of 4 this way).It's a good standalone game, but would be better with friends (not using some 3rd party stuff) It's a 8/10"
,Recommended,239350,2872578,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,Like the description says: Tough Love. This is one of those games that will get you addicted to dying. It hurts so good!
76561198178202067,Recommended,239350,28106217,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,flexi,I wonder what happened to this games' beta testers :(
,Recommended,239350,25547429,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,TMOTW,Start. Die. Repeat.
,Recommended,239350,13559285,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,H3LLz Ang3l {armo},Over 200 hours. Fantastic game.  10/10
76561197995330276,Recommended,239350,11011583,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ichi,♥♥♥♥ ME DARK SOUL IS HARD? TRY THIS LOL
,Recommended,239350,8327364,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Efreeti,Always fun and challenging every time you load it up.
,Recommended,239350,10413926,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,fuck supplicants,Threw a ♥♥♥♥♥ at a snake. 10/10
76561197982624750,Recommended,239350,29037532,Posted: 5 January,all,Willard Paradise,yee
,Recommended,239350,7530881,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Myst the Maniac,Best RoguePlatformer I've played in years. Replayability is off the charts. You never get quite the same experience playing over and over agian. How far can you go?
,Recommended,239350,34136176,Posted: 9 August,all,✦ MKBadDill ✦,7/10
76561197983155187,Recommended,239350,7568807,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,MonkeyspankO,Awesome indie game. Short and very sweet. One life only. Play the daily challenges!Must play.
,Recommended,239350,13710513,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SillySixPin,"I love roguelike and platformer games. The art design is very detailed but also cartoonish and cute.You play randomly generated levels to save the damsel and complete the level with rope or bombs to dig your way out. It's fun, the levels are short but easy to die. One of most endearing parts of the game is that you can choose between different characters to play as, as well as not only having an attractive female damsel, but you can also choose between a guy damsel or a doggie damsel or all three. This is how politically correctness should be done, as more options instead of just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the other side."
,Recommended,239350,24246108,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,XNightmare,just get it and prepare to die
76561198013733920,Recommended,239350,8416085,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Reaginomics,Excellent !!!
,Recommended,239350,27620493,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TseiCo,+
,Recommended,239350,34702201,Posted: 2 September,all,bobbygee,"i haven't actually played 20 hours, i just accidentally left it on in the background for 23 hours"
,Recommended,239350,10692373,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dessey,butt
,Recommended,239350,22622437,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,••Pinkie••,"The funnest,hardest,greatest game to ever exist.Spelunky will keep you playing for hours until you're finished.Even then it's fun to grab a friend.Swoop, dodge, and dash your way through spelunky as you adventure through Caves, Jungles, an Icy Abyss,and the forwsorn Temple.Hell you might even enjoy finding the legendary city of gold and going to hell itself and back!Become the greatest adventurer to ever live now!(Any rage implied will be of your own doing.You can do it  ""Yang"" in there!)"
,Recommended,239350,15588297,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kinisis,"Shares many features of Minecraft: pixelated indie game with randomly generated levels.Spelunky may be 2D, but it's a heck of a lot more funhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB-cs7_279I"
,Recommended,239350,19665689,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,wew,"""This game makes Dark Souls look like a princess."" -VideogameDunkey"
76561198277963632,Recommended,239350,29814663,Posted: 9 February,all,yayo,Woah this is just too good. I cannot make it justice. Just go and buy it for ♥♥♥♥s sake. You will thank me later.Unless you have a black rotten heart. Then you might not like this. You eat black hearts in this game. And crap gold.Seriously.<3
,Recommended,239350,21127322,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Reverti,"hey, thats pretty good"
,Recommended,239350,14176581,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Major Rage ™,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKFot3JAGCI
,Recommended,239350,32179578,Posted: 4 June,all,DpopCharlton,It's not for me
76561198242084530,Recommended,239350,32141482,Posted: 2 June,all,Tushy,So far fun.
76561198085459750,Recommended,239350,14182692,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,khalil.mouna,"This game is addicitng, fun, light-hearted and an absolute blast. What more is there to say?"
,Recommended,239350,14183583,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ven,sure
76561198110048386,Recommended,239350,14188812,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,pavel,Simply the best.
,Recommended,239350,32136132,Posted: 2 June,all,Mark,Super fun
,Recommended,239350,31642557,Posted: 9 May,all,Sakahane,I can't afford a new computer and Dark Soul III.
,Recommended,239350,23853491,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Antagonist,"After watching a few video's of hellruns I was all like: ""Hey! I can do that!"" But boy was I wrong!Speedrunners just make this game look easy. And yes, with my 4 hours (when I was writing this review) it's impossible to come even close to hell. But that didn't stop me from trying.Now on to the review: I would rate it a 8/10 because: The music is fantastic, could listen to it all day.The art is verry good and not confusing like most other games; Spikes are death, bombs explode etc.The difficulty is verry high like most other rogue-like games.Now why a 8/10? Well... I have a few problems with the game witch I can't put my finger on but the only problems I noticed were that the rng is sometimes a bit unforgiving, and people may say: ""That just adds up to the difficulty!"" but what would you say if you were on the last level and just a random guy spawns near you and before you can react just insta kills you when you have like 25 HP? I guess the chance of this happening is like 0.01% but still, it's kinda annoying.That concludes my review.Thanks for reading.-Sisa-kian aka Enemydisabler"
,Recommended,239350,9701655,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dark_Rain,"great game, it reminds me of the classic nes pitfall."
76561198147799505,Recommended,239350,19160918,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ObiJoshKenobi,If you like old Mario games then this game is for you. Honestly an all time favourite for me.
76561198035597474,Recommended,239350,8010996,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,cocaine is bad for the heart,yes.
76561198011506911,Recommended,239350,12326366,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tairy Hesticles,"Extremely challenging, but very rewarding."
76561198020144608,Recommended,239350,21616572,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg. wish they'd take out the ghost though.
76561198072672842,Recommended,239350,15548561,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,76561193777705546,"Played for a few hours its fun and really hardgrab it on sale this is one of the best purchases you can ever make, spelunky wiki changes everything once you learn the secrets in the game"
76561198228095492,Recommended,239350,26630698,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,mentula_agricolae,"I keep coming back to this game, i keep dying but I keep coming back.I love this game; the gameplay is smooth and the music is divers and entertaining.If you enjoy 2D platformers then don't wait and just buy this game!"
,Recommended,239350,34823134,Posted: 8 September,all,Tim,i liked this game hehe
,Recommended,239350,29962689,Posted: 16 February,all,kurpizami,Perfect game for speedrunning. ) ͡° ͜   ͡° )
76561198242183184,Recommended,239350,19558477,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RedSmoke(sudo apt- get rekt),Awsome game. Thats all i can say. hard but thats the fun part.
,Recommended,239350,25053047,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,reml,Addictive
,Recommended,239350,19699693,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Wro,Great game!!
,Recommended,239350,35428715,Posted: 2 October,all,BlobfishMaster,The grind never stops.
,Recommended,239350,196652,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Kaiser,It's the kind of game you smoke out of a pipe
76561198029832333,Not Recommended,239350,9860876,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,blacklung,"Too random, too punishing, too easy to die.200 deaths without even getting past the jungle.  . uninstalledstress anger and ragequits aren`t what i play games for"
,Not Recommended,239350,13606112,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,thepowerglove,"I've been eyeing Spelunky for a while now and finally took the plunge during the holiday sale. I saw lots of positive reviews and thought the game would scratch an itch for me but alas it was not to be.Yes, the game is hard. I was expecting as much from the reviews and tags, no biggie. I grew up on the NES, I can do hard, but this game is straight unfair as well. There are so many deaths awaiting you from off-screen that it leaves a bad taste in the mouth to die cheaply after skillfully completing a difficult section. That's not difficult, it's just annoying. There are other minor things that artificially increase the difficulty, such as the platforming being a little slidey, magnetic ledges, the UI blocking up a corner of the screen, or messy level generation. Glitching into a wall within the first hour of play didn't help either. When I want to play a difficult game, I want to control my own destiny.The combat in the game is pretty bland. You start with a basic slow whip and can pickup or purchase better/different weapons as you progress but you can tell combat was never the focus of the game and that's fine. It's a means to an end.Spelunky isn't even really a rogue-like. It's more like a NES platformer that sends you back to the start when you die. It reminds me more of Bubble Bobble or the Ducktales game than most modern rogue-likes.Most unfortunate, however, was my realization that Spelunky was not an adventure game either. I was hoping for a game where I could explore to my heart's content. I wanted to root and dig and have grand adventure, bomb through walls to discover cool areas. The game does not deliver this experience. Sadly the game is on something of a timer, after spending about 2 or 3 minutes in a level a ghost chases you around to make you hurry up and get out (oh yea, the game is based on smallish levels, not open exploration, FYI).Yes, Spelunky is not an adventure game, it is a speedrun game. That's a fun genre, Super House of Dead Ninjas is one of my favorites! My issue is that they give you tools to adventure and ask you to speedrun. Combine this with my previously mentioned issues, and it just seems like a game that threw a bunch of concepts together without really shining in any unique way.I don't have much time in the game so far but I do plan on trying it further. If my opinion changes I will update the review accordingly. However, with so many games available that immediately grab my attention and are exciting from the start, I can't guarantee I'll play this again.PROS:Fun graphicsInteresting conceptCONS:Nothing newDoesn't excel in any specific areaRandom and cheap deathsNot a true adventure game or rogue-likeMEH:Music ranges from bland to weirdControls a little soft/slippery for my tasteProcedural level generation is all over the board in terms of difficulty/fairnessWhat I was hoping for: Rogue Legacy meets TerreriaWhat I got: Digdug meets Bubble Bobble"
,Recommended,239350,12734331,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,mercy pog,cave
,Not Recommended,239350,16070230,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CobaltBW,"I've written about this game a couple times, and I've played it time and again just to refresh my memory on why I hate this game so much. I'm more than happy to express my ""♥♥♥♥ you"" attitude toward this game in as volatile a manner as possible, but it's not really satisfying until I can really challenge the acclaim this title gets and convince people not to buy this game. So, take three!Spelunky is a roguelike, which means it's randomly generated. Levels have random layouts, random events can change the gimmicks you come across along the way, and you can get random items along the way that help you progress. Cool, right?It also works off a bit of chaos theory; if something blows up, chunks of rock could trigger an explosive box; if you throw a rock, it can come back and hit you, and you could fall into a man-eating plant. The ensuing volatile results can sometimes be hilarious, and oftentimes they can be infuriating.Here's the thing: because it's a roguelike, there are no savepoints, and if you die once, you're out. But another thing is that stunlocking is a prevalent mechanic in this game. Nearly anything in this game can render you immobile for two seconds so you can get hit by even more stuff. Also, a lot of stuff that doesn't stunlock you will just kill you outright, like falling into spikes, getting blown up, getting crushed, etc.Basically, if you get hit by anything that isn't a bat or a frog or whatever, expect to die 80% of the time.Now, this kind of brutal difficulty by itself isn't a bad thing, but there are a plethora of other factors that go in tandem with this to make for a mindnumblingly boring and painful experience. Stunlock deaths, random unforeseeable danger, permadeath, lack of difficulty scaling, and unintuitive or unexplained mechanics. Level 1 is hardly any different in difficulty from level 4; arrows deal harsh damage to you even if they're just rebounding off a wall, and explosive boxes can be triggered by mere shards of debris or blood, yet jumping on the box is evidently no problem. Things slam into you without warning or the shopkeeper gets angered because random map generation causes something to explode immediately.Because of all this and a lot more, a lot of unfun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t can suddenly end your journey and force to start all over again, and it happens ALL the time. The problem is that most of these deaths happen in level 1 or 2, so guess what level you get to see ~80% of the time? Level 1.In a game that's actually well-designed, at least one of these factors would be missing, allowing you to feel some sense of progression, but unfortunately that tends to not be the case here. This problem becomes escalated once you try to go for the true ending, because not dying over and over again from angry shopkeepers means spending a third of your playtime in the mines farming to get the item you need to unlock the secret level and HOPEFULLY not die before then. And if you do die after doing all that, guess what? More mines playtime!The only reason I think I even managed to get this far in playtime and beat the normal game is because of my fascination for game design and how many jimmies this game rustles for me. I really just don't understand the praise this game gets. While the production value is certainly there and it's a lot ""prettier"" than most 2d platformer games on Steam, still there are much more satisfying ball-hard games like Super Meat Boy or Risk of Rain that don't force you to repeat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t over and over just because you made one mistake. The game could have been a lot of fun if they just got rid of stunlocking, added lives, or did any number of things; the combination as-is is just too much for casual playthroughs or worthwhile true completions.To my understanding, the original Spelunky is a lot more balanced, though maybe a bit slower paced, so if you really wanted, you could try that instead. As for Spelunky HD? Not worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,239350,24487296,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Reimanne,"Difficult yet not very rewarding. I tried to play the game a bit longer just to get that satisfying feeling of achieving something. But no, I always end up doing little mistakes that cause me to die faster than I can take a dump.The game has a lot of potential being a great game for me, but the frustrating difficulty for the game that doesn't even look hard leaves a bad taste in my mouth. The practice can make enjoy the game more but that will take time and pationts. Maybe someday I learn to like this game more.Overall, a good game that's just too annoying for me."
,Recommended,239350,31871042,Posted: 20 May,all,Happy Camper,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game
,Recommended,239350,19520056,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,=THT= Syble,"This game looks easy... It's not. The game is super hard but I love it. Super fun.UPDATE: This game is like a boner. Hard, but fun to play with."
76561198130872726,Recommended,239350,23455824,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Obscene,The most fun i`ve had playing a game I can`t get past the first level.
,Recommended,239350,32696039,Posted: 23 June,all,malaisling,"A masterful incarnation of the Rogue-like genre. It has a diverse selection of characters, a satisfying array of enemies, unique well honed mechanics which are actually fun and not just chore hurdles, deep level randomization, meaningful item pickups and a satisfying progression system with multiple completely unique areas.The game essentially does every single classic element of a Rogue-like very well, and is genuinely satisfying and addicting to play.  Although the game does not revolutionize the genre to any degree, it simply out performs the current standard of quality in virtually every way.However, this also means that the game out performs other Rogue-likes in terms of arbitrary difficulty. While the challenges in the first zone are tough at first and become passable with trial and error, until the player learns how they work and it becomes fun, the other zones are a different story. The challenges in said zones become completely ridiculous at times and some flat out end a playthrough simply because the player took one step out of line. The level of forgiveness and leeway for any kind of none min-max playstyle drops to nearly zero.The game also includes various downright unfair aspects such as instant kill traps which are common obstacles, hits that stun players and leave them vulnerable for so long they are almost guaranteed to get killed by something else while they're stunned; and the shopkeeper as an enemy. While it makes sense for the shopkeeper to be a powerful foe if he is provoked in order to discourage players from angering him, the shopkeeper is absolutely unstoppable and is so spammy it's fundamentally impossible to actually fight him. The only way to win is to get lucky with his rapidly moving attack mashing computer controls blundering into a trap in the area which kills him. Otherwise, he moves so quickly and attacks so much he is virtually impossible to actually fight.This would not be nearly as bad as the fact that players can accidently anger the shopkeeper by various obscure means, which essentially ends that run due to how overpowered and just poor his design is; and how much he will stalk players throughout their run if they do actually escape.A great game, but players who do not appreciate bashing their skull into a wall to progress will not enjoy anything past the first zone. As that is when the game stops catering to normal players who just want to have fun."
76561198116257505,Recommended,239350,7832778,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,SULLIVAN503,First game purchase on Steam and very impressed.
,Recommended,239350,23602599,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Lvchaos,- Pick a black character- Go to the black market- Steal everything- Get shot to death by the exit patrol guard11/10 for realism
,Not Recommended,239350,20299822,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Borat,too easy
,Recommended,239350,9605171,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Onoreacle,Hardest game ever...
,Not Recommended,239350,16267646,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,art is dead,i really wanted to like this game :/ but even after trying to fix the controls to suit my own taste i still found it frustrating to use and kind of ridiculous. the game looks great and i bought it because i love rougelike games as well as dungeon crawlers. but i just dont like how it plays and thats what turned me off of this.
,Not Recommended,239350,27838832,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Toack,"Too difficult to be enjoyable, only a masochist could find pleasure in this frustration. Also, for a game this difficult, the controls must be perfect, must feel responsive and intuitive, and I they didn't feel like that for me.The only reviews I saw from people liking the game, they all agreed that the PITA difficulty is what they like, so if you like PITA as well, you might enjoy it, I didn't."
76561198030174016,Recommended,239350,8450146,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Helghast Agent,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Well for your first few hour's you'll hate this game, but if your a bit OCD then you'll keep coming back to play from time to time, but it doesnt amazingly get repetitve enough.You'll die, your going to die, die Die DIe DIE DIE!!!!!!!! over and Over & OVer & OVEr....you see where this is going?Everytime you die your going to go on alert on what killed you only to find something else killing you, haha, very annoying game, really, it'll take alot of your patience.......okay dont say i didnt warn ya, welcome to the dying milkshake"
,Recommended,239350,19271186,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] ------------------------------O--- [Fantastic]
,Recommended,239350,31229129,Posted: 18 April,all,All this hurt can finally fade,"Fist me, its really hard :("
76561198079166748,Not Recommended,239350,20135545,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Apoka,All it would be done to makea game silly and annoyinghas been done with success.
,Recommended,239350,26172542,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sad Leg,I HATE THIS GAME SCREW IT!
,Recommended,239350,31677478,Posted: 10 May,all,ZeekTheCat (Gamekit.com),"Fast paced and fun! Not good for extensive play, but still great due to the fact that its innovative!"
,Recommended,239350,14588810,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Aweausta,So much death.........so much.............
76561198072253557,Recommended,239350,27650806,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,YetiChow,"I don't like platformers, and I don't generally like roguelites (give me the full mystery and suspense Rogue experience, not some watered-down version with only a handful of unlockables...)But I love Spelunky. It's not a game that can be easily pigeon-holed into one of those two genres, it takes something from both and remixes the experience with procedural level generation that's geniunely challenging (in a ""I really have to pay attention and think about this"" way, not a ""lol there's a lava pit and a spike pit together I can't jump across both"" kind of way), a handlful of different paths to attempt (so if you miss one of the early ""quest"" items you can still achieve a different kind of success), varied enemies, brutal trap combos, and a huge skill depth.This is a game honed to the keenest edge between fun and challenge, and it works brilliantly for that. It's more than just the sum of its genres, it's a well-oiled machine.I throuroughly reccommend Spelunky, just be warned that you won't be coming out of the cave for a while."
76561198157137722,Recommended,239350,20266666,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KingUrameshi,Probably one of the best games I have played in a while. It is tough but after some practice the game controls become second nature. So many ways to play and some of the items are really fun to mess around with. Two differnet ways to beat the game and many hidden areas make this one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,239350,25422367,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would sacrifice damsels again.✮✮✮✮½
,Recommended,239350,13755877,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jack,Accidentaly set off arrow trap and it killed me...12/10
,Recommended,239350,7817925,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Glaze,"Amazing. If you don't have this game already, go get it."
,Recommended,239350,11582157,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Mostly Harmless,"Cool game.  Even though the levels are randomly generated, it gets pretty old pretty quick.  Wish the music was better considering you spend a lot of time dying and repeating over and over and over again."
76561198043268277,Not Recommended,239350,16146219,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Adam The Clown,"While this game is simply an amazingly designed and very addicted game and i loved it very much for that, i simply cannot recommend this game.I spent a good amount of hours playing this rather addictive and incredibly challenging game and getting fairly far, but at one point I realized I just wanted to finish this game not complete it, but to end the horrible mental torture this game implanted into my brain and soul and never have to endure this games addictive and torturous experience ever again.That is why as great of a game this is, i cannot recommend that suffering to any other possible player."
,Recommended,239350,33380290,Posted: 8 July,all,CappuCirn⑨2,A very fun game that have high replay value as the map will be different everytime you play.
76561198046624110,Recommended,239350,26157564,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,the phantom jesus,Please help me I'm still falling
,Recommended,239350,20103375,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dinkleberg,"……………………………………….¸„„„„…………………….…………...„--~ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).'\………….…………………… („-~~-„¸_….,/ì'Ì…….…………………….¸„-^""¯( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ¸-¯""¯/'……………………¸„„-^""¯ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡'\¸„„,-""**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡¸-""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)„-^"" : ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡„-""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ¸„-^¯( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)¸„„-~""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°):""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.':( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡:""-„ ( ͡° ͜ʖ\.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° \,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ 'Ì( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~"
,Recommended,239350,24172194,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,KRILLIN_MASTERXD,ok game
,Recommended,239350,14251733,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sandoitchi,Easy game easy life.
76561198069668093,Recommended,239350,14525728,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Timmy Turner,#1
,Recommended,239350,8657794,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Prisoner 24601,it's like la mulana if the hardness came from not dying instead of puzzles whose solutions are on obscure tablets on the other side of the mapbasically I hatelove la mulana but lovehate spelunky
76561198096217822,Recommended,239350,15389651,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Yo Merry Christmas,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,239350,8892860,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kush Kaptain,A Grat Indie Tittle that you shoud invest inWith randomly generated adventures i give this game a 9 and a half pugs
76561198103927810,Recommended,239350,9167743,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,You call me dark chocolate,Fun.
,Not Recommended,239350,19988000,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spaghetti★,Rage isn't that fun
76561198048970103,Recommended,239350,10654633,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nitrowarrior,this game is great and not that hard when you learn it
,Recommended,239350,10692977,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scezumin,Ha! These reviews with a few dozen hours played are adorable.
,Recommended,239350,9227958,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Lytmos,I liked this game
,Recommended,239350,22593740,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Drmissmr.neko?,In spelunky all you need to know is that you will die alot of times then you will win once and die alot again and winpotato out of 10 - would die again
,Recommended,239350,8241740,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SampleFriend is #RECKLESS,"Honestly real talk one of my favorite games of all time. Crazy fun, crazy hard, just cray cray all over. Fun as ♥♥♥♥. Casuals won't like it though cause it's hard as ♥♥♥♥. Also confusing cause the old version was different in a lot of ways.Real Talk get it if you are a real gamer and not some pink hat fairy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ casual.Also there's co-op, not sure how that works and I don't have any friends so I never will ;_;ACTUALLY SCRATCH THAT THERE ISN'T CO-OP BLUNDER OF THE CENTURY"
,Not Recommended,239350,24891539,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,madsny,"4/10One of the core elements of a good platform game, is the controls, where spelunky fails, it's slow, heavy and laggy, and too often feels in the way rather than assisting me on navigating the level, creating good platform controls is very hard, a jump is truly not just a jump, spelunky is in a tough field with titles such as super meat boy, broforce etc. i wish the developers had looked a bit at the controls of titles such as Mario, prince of Persia etc.sadly the controls irritated me to such a degree that i lost the interest in this title, so for now it's a thumbs down from here."
76561198050518135,Not Recommended,239350,24910252,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mekdek,"This review wont get any good ratings but,the game is boring and repetitive and I do not recommend it"
,Recommended,239350,23719899,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MrSukafu,I spelunked and i loved it!!
76561198076108571,Not Recommended,239350,17730463,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dargenus,"Played the game for 44 hours over the course of multiple months. In the end, decided that it wasn't really worth the time. I could usually only sit down for a couple games before I got tired of it: constant restarts and having to do the same old areas again just didn't really appeal to me. I got as far as the *spoilers* large jumping statue that I believe is called something relating to Olmec *spoilers*.I think the game is well designed in a lot of ways: I liked the item options and some of the mechanics. I liked the secrets and various interactions. But dying to various inconveniences and having to start over with no items again wasn't really my thing. Shopkeepers are completely ridiculous. The game generally punishes using items, even though, for me, that was the more fun part of the game. The raw gameplay of the game is just not that great that I want to repeat it all the time, it just becomes a drag.Good design, but too punishing to actually be enjoyable."
76561198044477519,Not Recommended,239350,15968938,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mr. Riot,no mouse support for controlling your character
,Not Recommended,239350,22418636,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,tanerdamaner,"this port was kinda meh, lots of issues. Mainly why i wouldnt recommend is that it isnt fun to move around. in a platformer like this there shouldnt be fall damage, and if you have to fight enemies the attack needs to be satisfying, not a slow and short ranged whip."
76561198084184201,Recommended,239350,21954234,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Guy In The Hat,*buys gam*starts*Dies 1000000000000000000000 times*cant refund*smashs computer with hammer10/10 will kill computer again
76561198127212043,Not Recommended,239350,21995284,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,C H I L L Y,"Cute rogue-like that is deviously difficult. I still havent made it to the third level. If you are a player who likes to go fast, this is not the game for you, for it takes a lot of focus. I enjoyed it, but the gameplay can get slightly boring. I want to recommend the game, but i just cant. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,239350,26134703,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Okrutnik',Meh
,Recommended,239350,19346204,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nodi,Dark Souls meets Indiana Jones.
76561198176171034,Recommended,239350,22892567,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Toni6000,Good game to play with friends! Harder than you think it is.
,Recommended,239350,26918692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SolNeko,It's a Video Game.
,Not Recommended,239350,16652544,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Papyrus,"I played the original, and loved it to death (all 378 times) But upon playing this I almost immediately barfed at the new music. The music is irrythmic, non-mood-setting, and intrusive. Then, when I turned it off.... well the game was silent... That is seriously the only thing dragging this remake down."
76561198075673900,Recommended,239350,19426904,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,This is a great game to just play whenever cause you can hop on the game play for 30 minutes and then quit and you see yourself getting better at the game everytime you play.
,Recommended,239350,21039220,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FockinUppity,Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ
,Recommended,239350,34189224,Posted: 12 August,all,DayElephant,"*Totally lolwurthy accent* ""heya man, it's a fun game""."
,Recommended,239350,9601514,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Pretentieux,BUY THIS WHAT AREYOU WAITING FOR
,Recommended,239350,7833419,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,LordKosc,"I kill myself with bombs, almost all the time. The caves themself are quite safe."
76561198000922086,Recommended,239350,7551683,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,⎝⎝Skrubbles⎠⎠,"Loved the free version, this is a million times better. Daily challenges are great and this is such a good game for those times when you just want 15 minutes of fun. I wouldn't pay full price for this game, but as soon as it's 50% or more, get this game."
76561198054720712,Recommended,239350,29566563,Posted: 29 January,all,Pajama Sam,gr8 game m8 would r8 8/8
,Recommended,239350,26918983,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NASTY CORNDOG,"Awesome soundtrackGame cheats you sometimes, but you'll love every minute of it."
,Recommended,239350,8413794,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,GreenNuke,Its got snakes.
76561198037038871,Not Recommended,239350,9789880,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Sentientsword,"Frustrating and cheap, there is so much the game doesn't warn you about. I purchased this game after seeing the demo video and reading some reviews, but I was missinformed. There is a hidden time limit to each level, everytime you die you have to start ALL THE WAY BACK AT THE BEGINNING, and your health isn't refilled between levels. The game emphasizes exploration, but you don't have time to explore anywhere that isn't immediately visible. Why? Because after a short amount of time, a Ghost comes out that slowly chases you until it catches you and kills you. Each level is randomly generated, so you can't learn a level through trial and error. It was a waste of 5 bucks."
76561198004762316,Not Recommended,239350,8442973,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,iren_ivy,"I've bought this game to explore caves and get treasure and almost immediately abandoned the game because of the single thing: the mandatory unkillable ghost that spawns a couple of minutes into each level (as far as I could see it during my playtime). It supposed to be a feature that makes the game challenging I guess but it just makes it arfificially frustrating to me because the time limit before ghost spawn is quite small and after ghost spawns there isn't much opportunity to explore left as all I could do after the spawn is to speed run my way around to the exit. Speed run and a hurried exploration weren't  my choice of gameplay, but was forced on me by the game.I didn't find deaths as ""hilarious, and surprising"" as promo blurb promised either - after I died from a fall (no special animation) I got a note that I died from fall and all deaths I got in first two chapters gave the same kind of dry, humorless notes. With features like that the game didn't hold my attention or sympathy to continue any further."
,Recommended,239350,16491561,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"They should call this game ""Spe-Lucky"" because your entire chance for success comes down to how lucky you get with the levels. This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hard, pixel-art, randomly generated, old school platformer with rogue-like elements. Nothing was left out of the ""Prentious Indie Game Development Guide"" it seems.In all honesty this game isn't too bad but people who pretend it's all about genuine skill are kidding themselves because the deaths you suffer in this game are frequently total and utter horse♥♥♥♥♥♥But hell, it was 99 cents."
,Not Recommended,239350,8415790,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Arikki,"If Hell exists, they are playing Spelunky there. You'll die over and over again to stupid one-hit kill traps which will make you regret not spending those three euros on frozen pizza. Only redeeming factor in the game is the Tome which fills up with non-useful information."
,Not Recommended,239350,9770856,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,OHANA MEANS FAMILY,"The default control system is weird, really weird, so I changed it.This game... it doesn't feel right. The controls are clunky, it doesn't handle right to me. I can' put my finger on it, but there's osmething about it that makes it so difficult to play. And that doesn't mean to say I can't play it, because I can, but I just don't like how it feels. It's a shame, because otherwise it's pretty good. But if I don't enjoy how a game feels then I can't recommend it. I'm glad I cut my losses and got it for mid-week madness."
76561198025838564,Not Recommended,239350,8809970,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"I do not understand all the rave reviews this game has received. I bought it during a Steam sale and I wish I could get my money back. This is an overhyped, mediocre platformer that gives you no incentive to keep playing. It bills itself as part platformer, part exploration game, but fails at both. It is way more frustration than fun.The core issue with Spelunky is the randomly generated levels. It may sound good on paper: always a new experience! Never the same thing twice! But let’s be honest: Spelunky is actually the same thing EVERY time. All that changes is where things are placed. Instead of running into two bats in the first part of the level, you’ll run into a snake…but the level is still made up of the same bats & snakes. And anyway, playing the same level twice, thrice, or a hundred times doesn’t matter if it is a fun, well-made level.The whole random level generation is a dodge for the developers b/c the burden has been taken off of them to create clever, fun environments. Instead they’ve made a few basic gameplay mechanics that all get tossed into a blender every time you play. Good luck, hope something enjoyable comes out of the mix. And the levels still manage to be quite repetitive, despite the randomization.This, combined with the “rougelike” elements (the latest indie game fad) poisons the exploration aspect. Not only is the game riddled with cheap deaths and difficulty due to poor controls, but there’s also an invisible timer for each level. If you take too long to finish, a big ghost comes that instantly kills you, meaning you have to start all over but from a new, randomly generated level. And there’s no way to tell how much time is left, so you’ll want to hurry to the exit & keep exploration to a minimum. Where is the fun in that?The PC version features a daily challenge, which is one level randomly created each day that is accessible & the same for everyone but you can only play through once. Defenders of Spelunky talk like this is an amazing feature but I say who cares? The whole point of leaderboards & online competition is to see who has the most skill. Classic platformers have legendary levels that all its players know through shared experience (Battletoads, anyone?). Even someone who casually plays through the game once could see the top score & shake their head in amazement. No one will remember Spelunky’s levels, though. Who sits back and talks about, “Man, remember the daily challenge from April 5, 2013? My, that was a classic.”Ultimately, there is no point to playing Spelunky beyond saying you did. You may stumble upon a level that is a joy to play, but it’ll be gone forever as soon as you die or find the exit. More likely you’ll stumble repeatedly into tedious levels that look alike and are merely arranged differently. Then you’ll die from touching something you didn’t know was harmful or from taking fall damage, even though the fall didn’t look too steep. Then you’ll have to start the whole thing over from the beginning. Wheeeee."
,Not Recommended,239350,14184451,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,AttackOfTheThumbs,"I just cannot like it. I tried, because so many people love it. But I just don't see the appeal or the fun in the game play. I am sad that I wasted my money, but such is life."
,Not Recommended,239350,10984814,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ryslin,"I bought this game because of all of the positive reviews, but I just can't seem to get into this game. There's no real innovation in the gameplay, and th randomly generated levels feel randomly generated. In games like this, you typically need well thought out level construction to allow for enjoyable moment-to-moment gameplay. Procedural generation CAN achieve that feeling, but the algorithms at work in Spelunky just don't get to that point, for me.I've tried coming back a few times, but it can't hold my attention. There's just not anything interesting here for me. I don't often say this, but I kind of wish I had spent my money on something else."
76561198059927642,Not Recommended,239350,10477957,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Cube of Bees,The free version is better than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. That's mostly because they made unnessacery changes that made the game more ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating than FUN!
76561198090966688,Not Recommended,239350,9116752,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Spirit,Honestly i could not get into this wish i brought rogue legacy instead..
76561198091684090,Not Recommended,239350,10899931,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vindaxius,"I wanted this to be an exciting dungeon crawler with amazing roguelike elements and many new situations to work through.  What I got was a game with clunky controls that gives you dungeons that look slightly different, but end up requiring the same playstyle every time.For how much I had looked forward to trying this game, I was actually surprsied at how quickly it became unbearable for me to continue caring after actually getting into the game."
,Not Recommended,239350,13400384,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,smashington,"The game is only as addictive as it is through fake difficulty or ""learning mechanics"" as some people call it. If you don't mind that, you might enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,239350,14283419,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Meeftips,Wants to make me blow my brains out.  Perfection << actually having fun.
,Not Recommended,239350,8531356,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MEZISH,"I  like the story and the possibilities - interesting. But major drawback is the physics and low health. Too easy to die there. Took 7 hours to get to the second level.When you will play this game you will be more in stress instead of enjoying it. ""The Binding of Isaac"" is better alternative.Update: After longer playthrough you get used to it a bit and can advance but you advance by just running through levels. So basically either you enjoy the game and play through only the beginning or advance by stressing out to run through on time."
,Not Recommended,239350,13926289,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,AidenTheJones,"Going into one of the most popular platform games on Steam I expected the controls to be really smooth and well done. For the most part they are, but in some circumstances movement such as clinging to walls where you don't want ot be or trying to get off a ladder without jumping to your death make sections of the game more of a chore than fun."
76561198055768677,Not Recommended,239350,10626190,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[FNHH] Wurst,this game is not worth anywhere near 15$so thats why I bought it for 3.75$.dont buy it
,Not Recommended,239350,16749731,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Slapple,"I'm seriously glad I picked up this game while it was on sale. Most of this game's infamous ""challenge"" derives simply from atrocious hit detection and controls (ESPECIALLY with the wall cling and picking up objects consistently and quickly), not to mention that your standard melee attack is laggier than ROBLOX running on an old Windows XP. Certainly doesn't help that the first area of the game is the most infuriating and nonsensical according to what I've heard fans of the game say, and I can't say I disagree based on my own experiences. You'll be flung into a bed of spikes by an arrow trap before you even know what happened, gunned down by a 12-gauge-wielding insane shopkeeper because a boulder happened to roll into his shop, killed by aself-thrownprojectile, and blown to bits by nonchalantly nudging a box with a seemingly innocuous bit of rock debris all within the first few hours of the game. Lovely, that'sdefinitelyhow I want to be introduced to this ""gem."" It's because of incidents like the aforementioned that I've uttered more expletives at Spelunky than any other Steam game in my library. But it's okay, the gameexpectsyou to make these mistakes... yet there's virtually no room for error because you only have so much health throughout the whole game. Your whip's piss-poor range and slow attack speed will cause you to trade hits with enemies very often, which is something you simply can't afford to do in Spelunky. The minute you step into that cave, you're only 2 or 3 arrows traps or long falls away from GAME OVER. Oh, did I mention? There's fall damage in a 2-D platforming game! What awonderfulconglomeration of design choices we have here.It takes a very specific kind of person to get your money's worth out of, or even tolerate Spelunky. Maybe it's just me, but I can't play the game for more than an hour or so without promptly ragequitting and interrogating myself as to why I even booted up the game in the first place. Even if you're a fan of other rogue-likes (I use that termveryloosely, considering this game can hardly even be considered a rogue-like as much as those devious Steam tags will try to convince you otherwise), there's no guarantee that you'll actually enjoy Spelunky. It's a crying shame, really, because if the controls just meshed with the mechanics better (see: wall-cling), Spelunky would probably be a pretty addicting and overall fantastic game, but it's because of the control that I simply can't recommend it to anyone. If you only take away one thing from this wall of text, then let it be this: If you're as morbidly curious as I was and want to know what the hype surrounding Spelunky is all about, then please, make sure you pick it up while it's on sale and youmightjust end up breaking even. Hell, don't even do that, just get the original freeware version. Sure, there's marginally less content to ""enjoy,"" but you won't have that burning hole left in your wallet after you've put it down in exasperation. Otherwise, there are dozens of better examples of challenging 2-D platformers on Steam (Super Meat Boy - which, funnily enough, runs for the exact same price as Spelunky - springs to mind due to its tight controls and cogent gameplay), and if you're just looking for a fun rogue-like to keep you busy, you're much more likely get more enjoyment out of something like The Binding of Isaac and its remake, to which my 1,000+ hours of gameplay across both titles can attest (and I'm not even close to unlocking all the items in Rebirth, which also is up for the same price as Spelunky)."
76561198012098280,Not Recommended,239350,16705096,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,AmateurHour,"After playing great rouglikes/dungeon crawlers like crypt of the necrodancer and binding of isaac, this feels like a huge step backward. don't like the controls. don't like the music. don't like getting sniped from across the map by those arrow shooting things. I wanted to check this game out after hearing CotN was inspired by it, but this game just left me dissapointed."
76561198000929168,Not Recommended,239350,14348370,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dknife,"This is an good platformer.i has nice grahics - the soundtrack also fits and its actually fun.The stages all in all are challenging and fun to play andthere is a nice upgrading System - you collectvaluable Items like gems and gold and get moneyto buy equip. I would like to play this game butthere is some REALLY gamebraking s**t in this game!First of all - i hate games which does not support mygamepad! There are games which are older than 15 yearsand support ANY gamepad just fine and not only thesef*****g xbox360 gamepads. This is s**t - and i bet a lot of youwho dont own a premium microsoft 360 gamepad+adapteragree with me on this point. Besides that - i fount a way toplay the game with a tool which makes me remap my gamepadwith keyboard keys. The second REALLY gamebreaking featureis that in every stage there is an 2:30 min time limit which isnt evenshown. This time limit is right from the original spelunky andwhen the limit ends there is an ghost who will chase and kill your characterinstandly. There is no possibility to increase the time limit or disable theannoying ghost completly -.-  . We are in the age where games aresupposed to be playable (not like the original spelunky ages ago)and this means that games shouldnt be made only for hardcore gamers""GOGOGO - YOU HAVE 5 MIN TO WIN THIS DAMN GAME WITH2:30 MIN FOR EVER STAGE  OR GO F**K YOU SELF"" - style.The game would be nice if it would be suitable for ordinary gamers as welland as long as it isnt i would not recomment it to anybody (besidesspeedrun platform maniacs). Let us disable this freaking ghost and it will bea fun game in single and multi player mode."
76561198137221402,Not Recommended,239350,21980720,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Garbageheart,"I had high hopes, but this game is extremely basic for it's cost. I was brainwashed by the hype emanating from other reviews.It's a 'dungeon' platformer with few mechanics to it and overall with very limited depth. It's most prized virtue - its replayability - comes down to the common game feature of 'procedurally generated' levels - which honesty can cause some of the levels to lazily pan out, unfairly and as a cumbersome mess - but mainy you'll find yourself replaying for the same reason you'd keep plugging away at slots in a casino, with the fun of it ebbing away before you're consciously aware.The whole premise of the game is to get to each level's exit, and if you're trying to get your money's worth you'll inevitably go through at least 100-200 attempts.What was initially interesting were the few dozen items (not a lot) you may find, but most are next-to-useless (a camera that dazes enemies, a web-gun that slows their advance) since you need your hands free for more important things. Many others are awkward to use in a game which already has clunky controls. The items which ARE of use you quickly tire of (equivalent to about 10 items).Visually it is unimpressive: apparently designed for children but unforgivingly difficult enough and requiring enough patience to only be playable by adults.Finally, of course, there's next to no narrative or story, nothing to drive you to play on except perhaps to reach a more stimulating environment in the next chapter. For example, I learned that there's an Egyptian themed stage but this can't be accessed without necessarily replaying the 3 previous sets of levels (cave, jungle, ice-cave) at least 3 times over, each, without failure. Grinding! In a game like this? And on the note of underground jungles...really?In short, Spelunky is an uninspired, higher-than-average quality flash game but at a price of £11. Arguably it's worth getting at a discount of 75%.Written kindly as a warning."
,Not Recommended,239350,16688308,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"I just don't see the appeal.  I went into it rather neutral and as a fan of platformers, and just found it either boring, unfair, or both.  From some of what I read, it seems like this is held so highly because it's Baby's First Roguelike.Controls are sharp enough, but just the nature of the gameplay feels shallow.  If you're new, you just try to flounder your way through environments, not knowing what's going to jump out and kill you with your meager health bar.  If you're good, you kill the shopkeeper, ghost all the gems, find the city of gold... bleh.  Trial and error until you've memorized what does what, and then it's just a test of patience.  The stages aren't really varied, just sort of the same randomly placed obstacles in each biome.  If I'm not mistaken, every stage is the same size too, being about a 9 second full sprint left to right, and maybe a 5 second fall.I've watched the whole stream of Bananasaurus Rex's solo eggplant run (which is a respectable feat of videogaming in general) among other footage, and that's mostly the basis of the reason I know anything about this game.Also the music is absolutely atrocious."
76561197976996217,Not Recommended,239350,13550105,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Solar Skater,"This game sucks. The controls are wonky. It tries to be cute, but it is a far inferior game to others like Motherload.Update: This game is so terrible. It punishes you for the littlest mistake. And usually there are traps just off the screen that you'll get knocked into by an enemy resulting in insta-death. In other words, it's the Sonic The Hedgehog of Rogue-like games."
,Recommended,239350,25833028,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jackie,"WARNING HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!!Side effects may include:>Losing your job, girlfriend, hair, and mind>Wasting hundreds of hours of your waking life on ever failing attempts to win>No small amount of brain damage>Fear of bats and store clerks>Death>Failing school>Gaining a keen desire to become a spelunker>Insanity>And monkey murdering9/11 where did my life go?"
,Not Recommended,239350,17149372,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,bigturd,♥♥♥♥ phil fish do not buy this game
76561197987539375,Not Recommended,239350,16578165,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,bioxid.be,"basically, it is the same as the old version. exept the nice old school graphics and funky chiptune are gone, that i can't change my resolution and that everything seems buggy and/or slow.asking for a refund and whipping out my old version."
76561197971593799,Not Recommended,239350,14527600,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,H PAUL SAINT PAUL,"this game as amazing as it is frustrating.  It is as fun as it is unsatisfying.  As awsome as it is infuriating.   It is very similar to one of the first PC games I ever played, Miner VGA- I want to collect all the cool treasure, but don't feel like it's very useful to get collect gems and gold, even though that's what you want to do naturally.  I spend 20 minutes getting far and then die and what's the point.  Sure it's hardcore, but there should be more to this..."
,Not Recommended,239350,19344079,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Major Doom,"It's a fun game, with beautiful artwork, and simplicity of gameplay.  Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game because of its difficulty.  There is a behind-the-scenes timer where after spending 2-3 minutes in a cave, a big ghost appears, haunting you, instantly killing you upon touch, unless you rush through the cave and exit.  For a game where each cave is randomly generated and exploration is required, you don't get to enjoy spelunking."
,Recommended,239350,7383211,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Richard Conway,OMGWTFBBQQWERTYUIOPASDFGHJKLZXCVBNMBUY DIS GAME NAOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111one1!!!!!!1ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!111111111111L111111Final Score: 8/8
76561198044841209,Not Recommended,239350,19748176,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,stoolio,I hate this game
76561197975845420,Not Recommended,239350,21759617,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Not John Malkovich,"Sorry, but the difficulty level is jacked up to a pointless degree.  The game asks you to run through 16+ levels in a platformer, basically untouched.Long falls hurt you for eight levels, and after that the floor is gone leading to instant death.Most of the major traps are instant deathA few minor enemies deal damage in the first eight levels, after that, they're generallly OHKOs.Shopkeepers will agro due to random interactions with the environment.  After that, they're hostile for the rest of the game.You're asked to take a number of 'leap of faiths' but the game is randomly generated.  Sometimes you're headed down the wrong path with no way to knowLedge grabbing in front a tiki is absurdA shame.  A game I really wanted to like based on fond memories of the original Spelunker."
,Recommended,239350,15526742,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"What were they thinking?I just have to say, I endorse this game because of its tight controls, especially if you get an xbax controller to play it, its very fun and not too challenging too early on platform puzzling, but one issue that I have with this game almost made it a game I couldn't reccommend.This game is sexist.There, I said it.How could they do this to themselves, to the game I want to reccommend, but have a problem doing that when any female in the game, unless they are a mindless drone at the player's command, are just the Damsel NPC's that stand there lost like a little lamb and yelping the only word she's allowed to have in her vocabulary: ""Help.""So this game says women are helpless and stupid, and the only way to save them is to KNOCK THEM UNCONSCIOUS and drag them to the exit with you, so you can get the reward of a smooch. (Which was in our childhoods the 8-bit equivalent of sexy time, again stereotyping women)And it's not particularly sensitive about religious stuff either, the walls of the cave/temple are lined with faux Hindu/Mayan/Hollywood set peices...I want to say it's not that serious and that this game is redeemed by its content other than that but come on game designers..... What were you thinking?????????????Well apparently it's supposed to be ok because the game designers made the entire game a PARODY of Hollywood, mysogeny, etc. etc.Parody of sexism isn't sexism? OK whatever then."
76561198067788746,Not Recommended,239350,17244993,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Hanni,Very eh. Expensive for a platformer that doesn't have much to offer. I guess it wasn't my kind of game
76561197971578911,Not Recommended,239350,15754599,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Flyboy Connor,"If you think about playing this game with mouse and keyboard, forget it. You need a controller. If you do not have one, it simply is unplayable.If you hate having to restart a level when you make one tiny mistake, going through all the challenges you already bested again, just to get to the same spot that you failed earlier and then fail again, which makes the whole thing feel like a complete waste of time, do NOT get this game.But if you have loads of time to waste, and do not mind frustrating repetition, go for it.This one is not for me."
,Not Recommended,239350,20002679,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Damuel,"This game made me have an appreciation for Linkin Park. I've never hated myself so much.Seriously though, I put 1000 hours into Dark Souls but the amount of rage here quadruples any I've had with Dark Souls. The game is tough, and not always fair. Not all mechanics are explained in the tutorial and SO many things will instantly kill you that you'll often lose an hour of progress in seconds because you had no idea what something did. Not to mention almost every mistake can chain you into instant death even if it normally doesn't kill you instantly.For example, a lot of enemies can knock you out or knock you back. A lot of rooms have spikes. Get hit by one of these enemies and you'll often be flung into spikes. Or if you take too high of a fall you might bounce into some spikes. Maybe you will throw a rock that will bounce off a wall, hit you and fling you into a hazard.Personally my favorite is when I throw an item across the screen and it upsets a shopkeeper that kills me in seconds. You will make essentially ZERO progresss in this game beyond improving personal skill. There are shortcuts, yes. But you will 90% of the time be so set back from missing the early level items that you can't finish the game anyhow.Everything in this game will kill you, and often a single mistake is all it takes to absolutely ruin you. Sure I'm getting a little better every time. But it turns into just pure frustration and at times even just plain bad RNG can ruin you. Spelunky IS a fun game at times. But I can't bring myself to keep playing when it feels like making a single mistake often due to not being familiar with the lower floors can make me lose all my progress... Well, that's enough for me."
76561197997667728,Not Recommended,239350,8434387,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Angryr,"Disappointing. If you're expecting RPG aspects like Stats or even retaining the gold you collect between deaths, think again. It's pretty fun but it's basically Mario in another setting. Not much more to it than that."
,Not Recommended,239350,20058854,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TryhardTravis,This game makes me want to kill myself. Even Binding of Issac wasn't this cruel. This game is made by garbage people.0/10
,Not Recommended,239350,19469468,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Suicide Critic,"This game is criminally overrated, especially in the fairness department.  You have to keep all your movement very conservative and look before you leap constantly, for there are many one shot kill traps.  It' just wan't fun for me.Also hated the music."
,Not Recommended,239350,35216111,Posted: 25 September,all,Ryxc,"Multiple times I have tried to like this game, but to no avail each and every time. I have more than double the hours in this game than Steam shows. I dislike the art style, the music isn't great, and the gameplay is frustrating with no feeling of reward at all. Some people like it and that's fine, but personally I'd recommend Rogue Legacy if you're looking for a roguelike-platformer like this."
,Recommended,239350,23743808,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Supersack3,"HOURS OF LAUGHS, THRILLS, AND ENTERTAINMENT.Absolutely worth the price for its silly yet complex style. Absolutely love it and recommend it to anyone, especially during the Steam Sale!"
,Recommended,239350,15467582,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Apples,"♥♥♥♥ this game, too hardBut im a sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so Im going to keep playing"
76561198099299618,Not Recommended,239350,17176625,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Pau Enorme,"Controls are optimized horribly, feel clunky, and are extremely awkward on a keyboard. Character moves like he's on ice, no traction to speak of. The graphics are okay, but they try too hard to be charming. Getting a refund, this isn't worth my time."
76561198070487039,Not Recommended,239350,17496684,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,pieces,this gam is 2 hawrd
,Recommended,239350,7832038,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Leuitenant sundrop.top,Yes
,Not Recommended,239350,15522146,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,熱狗小子,Other roguelites are more fun. This one gets repetitive sooner than others
,Recommended,239350,15615228,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with spelunking
,Not Recommended,239350,17790202,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jiggles,i AM NOT SURE WHAT THIS ISSSSSSSS
,Not Recommended,239350,17762382,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,PizzaSHARK!,"An otherwise fantastic game hamstrung by absolutely horrible, sloppy controls.  If you're going to copy The Binding of Isaac model, tight controls are an absolute must."
,Not Recommended,239350,20795389,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,aids,"THIS. IS. ABSOLUTE. HELL.Or at least it is for me, you might like it."
76561198116738313,Not Recommended,239350,21578959,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,crazy-eastern,ok its good game but only good  i wont recommend it  its over valued  i dont understand what all  big fus about
76561198029377469,Not Recommended,239350,17460770,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Soldonzo,"Fun to play for the first hour or so, however you die very quick in this game (think oldschool NES platforming) and the levels start feeling repetitive almost as quickly. Oh, there's multiplayer which I suppose is the best thing about the game it seems.Would not purchase again. Buy Steam World instead, it's way better."
,Recommended,239350,8188004,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,no snack car,Ii am A lOo
,Recommended,239350,12430266,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,That's How They Getchya,Most of my time playing this game was spent in a Turkish prison but I still thought it was a pretty good time
,Not Recommended,239350,13683798,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fox-Ranger,This game lost its wonderful original graphics and its atmosphere.
,Not Recommended,239350,20490916,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,happycarrot50,"I love rogue-like most of the time, but this I couldn't get on with, I found it incredibly boring and can't recommend it.5/15 - ""Boring"""
76561198055902491,Not Recommended,239350,19306108,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dick Pickle,waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to hard man.
,Not Recommended,239350,18516948,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Milky,best cuck simulator
76561198135376097,Recommended,239350,19382990,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jeff,i reccomend this game if u want a challange but you should get it on sale and You'll have complete freedom is not true a ghost comes after 5 or 6 minutes
,Recommended,239350,10631627,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,snop doog,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,239350,8325899,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shrek,i really like the game but it is a rage enduicing game. but im probably just bad :p     9/10
76561198046600817,Recommended,239350,32149073,Posted: 3 June,all,LanaMartes,"best game, in this sale its total worth it try!"
76561198296266466,Recommended,239350,22300016,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Som's scarf,It's very very very hard! It can drive you crazy.
,Recommended,239350,32142644,Posted: 2 June,all,hellstorm102,PUG PUG PUG PUG
,Not Recommended,239350,32189758,Posted: 4 June,all,シェーン,Doesn't turn off when you close the game...
,Recommended,239350,11548673,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Amadaeo Heart Stealer,An underground hit.
76561198096742032,Not Recommended,239350,24455509,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,senkiasenswe,"This game is very much intended to be played with others. If you can't get a friend to play with you, it becomes an irksome mess. The only reason that I am not recommending is because without assistance, the game becomes a game of roulette, where you hope the traps that spawn are in places that you can disarm or avoid them."
76561198142131231,Not Recommended,239350,15810653,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Demented One,"Difficult to recommend a game that does not work properly.  Will not support my xbox controller,"
,Not Recommended,239350,35184960,Posted: 24 September,all,Kora,Vendor Babysiter 2013
,Not Recommended,239350,20380010,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,hauser,its a pretty good game but i dont see how it costs as much as it doesits at best a flash game
,Not Recommended,239350,12046803,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,eeer e,what kind of fun hating faggoo puts fall damage in a platformer
76561198346559060,Not Recommended,239350,35426902,Posted: 2 October,all,King boo,The game is fun but the difficulty is way to damn high in jungles its hard enough with all those insta kills
,Recommended,239350,8502306,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BreadMan,"One of the harder yet addicting platformers to come out in recent memory. You'll die more times than you can count and bang your hand on a table until it bleeds, but you'll always come back for more. The art is good as well as the sound and you literally never see the same level twice. Frustrating yet fun."
,Not Recommended,239350,9917695,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Illasera,"This game doesn't seems to be difficult, it's just seems to be based on ""blind deaths"" and some weird controls and even Lacking in some controlControls - Odd preset to begin with as well as lack of control for wall climbing as an example , adding a button for it would be helpful).Blinds deaths - That you can't prevent until it's too late, That's not what makes a game HARD, but it is a key ingredient of what makes a game tasteless and ANNOYING."
76561198055544599,Recommended,239350,13707264,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,John Fuckston,6 hours of ♥♥♥♥ing grameplay and i finally made it to the♥♥♥♥♥♥house jungle.10/10 would hang myself again
76561198133212649,Not Recommended,239350,10976227,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Leo In 4K,"This game is terrible, the controls are odd and uncomfortable, the gameplay isn't exciting and if you feel like exploring for a while, be prepared to get insta-killed by a ghost"
,Recommended,239350,8416281,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Paleknight,Has no online coop support! But is the best original indie game platformer ever made.
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,239350,21976521,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Dasbooby,"Seemed like the kind of game I would enjoy, and I did, for about 2 hours, until I started noticing all the terrible things about the game.The game is mostly luck based rather than skill.  There are plenty of things you learn and get better at, but most of your deaths are going to come as a result of unavoidable events.  The game is designed to ♥♥♥♥ you over and kill you as much as possible, and not in a fun way,  You'll be amused at the start, but eventually grow increasingly annoyed as the nonsense never ceases.What really sours the game though is that you'll eventually figure out that most of the game is pointless.  The best strategy is to run straight to the exit as quickly as you can and ignore most of the things you see.  The more you explore and collect things, the greater the chance that the game will ♥♥♥♥ you over and you'll die.  By running straight to the exit, you minimize the number of times the game can ♥♥♥♥ you.  The other reason why it's the best strategy is due to the progression system in the game.There are 4 zones with 4 stages each.  When you finish the fourth stage of a zone, you'll run into the Tunnel Man, who will create a shortcut for you to the next zone so that you can start there instead of zone 1 after you die.  The problem... he'll require you to give him 3 different items before he'll make the shortcut, and you must give him these items in seperate runs.  So collecting a lot of items in one run is pointless.  What you want to do is immediately kill yourself as soon as you give him the first item, start a new run and give him the second item, then kill yourself again and get him the third item.  Sounds fun right, well it gets even better.  The third item that the tunnel guy wants at the end of the second zone is a shotgun, which may or may not appear in your current run.  Have fun waiting for that to randomly generate and not getting screwed over trying to deliver it.  Even more fun is that the third item that the tunnel man at the end of zone 3 wants is a key from zone 1.  So you have to carry this damn thing through at least 10 stages and hope the game doesn't randomly ♥♥♥♥ you over while trying to deliver it.  FUN!!!!!Spelunky has a clinging mechanic, but the randomized landscapes make it a hinderance as you'll often cling to things you don't mean to, which gets you killed by monsters and traps.  Zones 2 & 4 have Tiki traps that you'll often accidentally cling to resulting in your immediate death.  It's especially fun when 2 of them are next to the exit for the stage and instead of falling in between them, Spelunky decides he'd rather give one a hug.Also fun is that Spelunky can only carry one thing at a time.  Until you figure out it's pointless, you'll waste a lot of time trying to get a weapon, a damsel, and a golden idol to the end of a stage.  It gets tiresome pretty quickly.  I'll save you some time... Don't bother doing it.I could go on and on about the problems in this game.  It's initially enjoyable, but quickly becomes tedious and frustrating due to artificial difficulty, by 3 hours in I hated it.  I'm still not sure why I bothered finishing it."
76561198153045246,Not Recommended,239350,25174383,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"Great graphics, great music, control is decent enough.I tried to come back to this a second time, but still could not get through an hour of gameplay.Maybe your kids will like it, but as a man in my 30s looking for some retro-2d-fun, this didn't cut it.  Not one bit.  Sure I enjoyed Axiom Verge, Shovel Knight, AVGNA 1 and 2, Rogue Legacy (hard but fun), but this I couldn't get into for even an hour.  I can't even get past level 1-2.  I die as soon as I get there.  I wasn't even really disappointed, I paid about eight bucks for it so no biggy.  It's not even worth half that for me.  They should stick to making music, as the music I would have paid a few bucks for.  Are you supposed to beat and blow up the women?  I couldn't find anything else to do with them, besides knock them onto spikes.As soon as I start to 'get into it', this big ghost shows up for no reason, makes the color go away, ruins the music, and kills you in one hit.  you can't kill it either.  I don't get it.  Totally ruined it.  Cannot recommend unless you have stupid mindless children that you hate.  You could use this as punishment.If you could turn off the"
,Not Recommended,239350,8888807,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rucent,I want the $15 back I wasted on this garbage.
76561198052377946,Not Recommended,239350,15993119,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,jethroSkull,"PROS- Tight controls, great replay value and a seemingly endless amount of randomized mechanics make the game possibly the most complete platformer I've ever playedCONS- One of those games who's difficulty is truely legendary.   High level of difficulty is surely not a negative.  But this game in my opinion takes it a tad too far.OVERALL- Ended up ditching out of frustration.  Sad really because I did enjoy most aspects of this one."
76561198039801060,Not Recommended,239350,8417533,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,yah yeet yah,Controls are wonk and its super hard
,Not Recommended,239350,29370501,Posted: 19 January,all,✪ wormo,"I couldn't get into this game... I had heard it talked about so much and lauded all the time, but this game is not for me. Much slower paced than I expected, and a lot of reading and learning to do. Like if I wanted to read I would do my homework. IDK. Just wasn't what I expected. Watch some playthroughs before you decide to buy it."
,Not Recommended,239350,19486623,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Musse pigg,"I bought this game since I loved binding of isaac rebirth and i had heard that this was a good rogue like. WRONG WRONG WRONG! This is honestly one of the worst games i've ever played.Do you want the least rewarding game in the whole ****ing world?Do you like games that are so hard that you die i the tutorial? (And as you know, hard+unrewarding= #&?!!#()=&)Do you like games that are frikkin super unbalanced with unavoidable spikes, unavoidable, over-healthed spiders that fall from the ceiling and stupid ghosts that instakills you cause you didnt beat tthe level in 0,534 seconds?Then this is the game for you..."
,Not Recommended,239350,19980468,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Freesider,terrible
,Not Recommended,239350,10204633,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Terrean,"Nothing personal here - just not my cup of tea.  As a diehard RPG fan, it is difficult to play anything that doesn't save your progress."
,Not Recommended,239350,17361570,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kunai,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because your game gave me cancer anyway."
,Not Recommended,239350,8485171,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kevin Spacey,I don't need a 30 minute tutorial to play a platformer.
,Not Recommended,239350,13962829,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DS-StrangeR,"I'm one of the few guys that didnt like this game. IMHO, There is a difference between difficult game and spelunky where you die cause the game decided so..."
,Not Recommended,239350,23959609,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ChipChippy,"Standard resolution is 1280x720, you can't change it, because if you do, you can't exit the settings menu. If you restart the game, this option resets to 720p.If you restart the game controls reset to default, and you have to manually change it back to Keyboard.PROTIP: Don't use Google Translate to translate your game, either don't translate it or hire people to do it."
,Not Recommended,239350,10384326,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Rokk,"I honestly do not understand why this game gets such a high score. It is mediocre at best, relying on difficulty through obscurity to make it ""replayable"". Making the game difficult by withholding information from your players is not good design. It's lame.There's also a hidden time limit that isn't mentioned anywhere in the store page, and if you reach this limit, an unkillable ghost spawns and starts chasing you.The controls are also rather abysmal, and you will often find yourself getting stunlocked to death.That said, the game is decent. I just don't think it deserves this much praise. Get The Binding of Isaac instead."
,Not Recommended,239350,10193291,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,HalfBitten666,"""waaah waaaah it's difficult""But seriously this game is more annoying than it is fun. If you're into that, go for it. I'm probably going to continue to play it every now and then, but I really don't think my life would have been diminished by skipping over this one."
,Not Recommended,239350,18350071,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Apple ][,"This kind of goes along the lines of Binding of Isaac, where there's always new content and all that, but the gameplay just really isn't fun in my opinion. It doesn't really have a purpose and gets boring fast, and doesn't have anything going for it other than a retro feel that seems replayable. Don't get it, there really isn't anymore hours after about 4 or 5, and even then the experience isn't something beautiful."
76561198016926002,Not Recommended,239350,18426434,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BugoTheCat,"I don't know what to say. It's one of my favorite games but one of the worst vices I have right now. I mean, it' so good in many aspects and I have spend so many hours that I was gonna write a positive review and still I will, but I have the recommendation to NO. Not, because it's a bad game, but because it's gonna eat your life. Not because you are gonna waste all your day, I only play the leaderboard these days. There are other games like Skyrim or Minecraft that can eat all your day. But this one eats in in a different way. It's so weird, I have never seen this in a videogame before.It starts by addicting you, because all the mechanics, feeling of control, feel so great, maybe not in the beginning you will die a lot, but especially some time after you learn all the secrets and know how to throw things and whip arrow traps on the air. I have become quite good in many aspects of the game. But even after that, I will not know how I will die. I will play nicely the leaderboard, I will say to myself ""Just one leaderboard, no more than half an hour if I make it, and then promise I'll go back to work! Much better than Skyrim, isn't it?"".But it cuts your flow!!! It cuts your flow!! Man I hate this. You have 8 lives, 11 bombs, 11 ropes, and all goes well, you are careful and♥♥♥♥♥♥ till something you didn't see out of the three traps, five enemies, blocks that are in places they shouldn't, accidental fall drops, something will hit you and trigger something else that hits you and throws you in the lava. Or void. Or spikes. Or maneating flower.And everytime you feel nice playing but you don't know when it's gonna cut your fun. It's like you are taking a drug, you start getting high, but this drug has an aftereffect. It can stop abruptly and give you a low any random time. In 5 minutes? In 1 hour? At the climax? In the very beginning? You don't know!And there are so many nasty tropes there that you wish they didn't exist in the exact time all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everybody worries about the ghost that appears after 2:30 minutes but I don't care so much because I have it and usually I can be both fast and careful and collect most stuff, at least in the first few worlds. I do agree with the shopkeepers though, they are so hard to fight with, I see many Spelunkers intentionally annoying them and they say that's the way to play and make the most score, but I am like no-no because if it even happens by accident (a snake spits onto the direction of the shop, some arrow trap just near the entrance, etc) then the go like berserk and are very hard to hit, wasting all my bombs till I hit them.But there are more tropes. First of all the deadly traps and void that instantly kill you no matter what. But there is a single trope that is annoying. So, you have many platform games. One of the tropes on these games are if something hits you, your character blinks for two seconds and you are invulnerable for a while. Other platform games make your character unconscious, but still nothing can touch you. Others just hit you back but you can control your character in the air when it happens. NO! Spelunky is against all three!!! Many of the things that hit you can throw your character back possibly even in a pit lava or spikes, then make your character dizzy for many seconds, you can't control him, but you are NOT blinking. So, you know the drill, everyone who has played Spelunky. You got 8 full lives, preety safe I could say, but something throws you into an infinite loop of fails. You are dizzy, the enemies are hitting on your body, you still loose, loose, loose, can't control, then a troll in the ice takes me and throws me in the void. Or just throws me till I have no life. Or, actually the mummy throws these flies which instantly bounce me and hit me and I loose 8,6,4,2,0 energy without being able to control. That's the worse trope of Spelunky imho.I mean, it's a pitty because the game is great in controls, very clever (every different configuration of tiles/traps/treasure makes me think in unique ways to play every time), everything reacts with everything in the world, there are a lot of trap that makes this game very clever and good for play.If it wasn't for the annoying ways to die that spoil the fun in the middle. Some would say it raises the fun, maybe watching your friends die in the most unpredictable way and having the laughs all together. Depends on the mineset. But I tried to keep a calm mindset, I said to myself ""This is Spelunky, you know what's gonna happen, you probably gonna die when you least expect, prepare to not explode"" and I explode, I scream at the air, while I know it's gonna happen, while I know I should be calm!!!Spelunky is gonna break the zen of the calmest monks out there!p.s. And then my willpower is down, and I can't work, and browse the internet and write this review. It's like a drug that says ♥♥♥♥ you. It's like.... I better spent 6 hours on Borderlands while I would say ""Just one mission, just one more loot box, let me try the new weapon I found first"" but not do work the rest of the day, but those 6 hours would be fullfiling in gaming sense, rather than have 10-20 minutes of feelign control and greatness, to be abruptly cut, and then I feel so weak and furious and I rather rest and do nothing, thinking whether I should play more or quit gaming all along.p.p.s. I mean, it is genious! Yet destructive. A love/hate game. I don't know any other game with these aspects. I wish there was a ""Maybe"" button in the recommend question. I wouldn't recommend the horrors we Spelunkers went and still go even if we are good enough with this game. You can be good enough, have finished the game many times, but still fail unpredictably. How is that possible?"
,Recommended,239350,30866077,Posted: 31 March,all,CoffeeMug34,this game looks pretty goodtoo bad i play on a mac
,Not Recommended,239350,9160599,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TiCK,Essentially unkillable monster comes out making each level timed. Nope. Not my cup of tea.
76561198007705985,Not Recommended,239350,13153613,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Chaireth,"If you expect to play this with friends in the traditional sense that PC players are used to, i.e., setting up a local LAN Lobby and selecting ""Find Game"" or ""Join Game,"" then forget about it.  Apparently you need to use controllers plugged into one PC with your friends huddled around one monitor, all close up, knees to elbows.  Extremely disappointing.While it does state ""Local Co-Op,"" don't be fooled.  I saw ""Local Co-Op"" and assumed it was like I described it above.  Others will say something like ""you should have known what that meant"" or ""ha-ha, N00B!"" or ""LOLbutthurt.""  Whatever. Now I know what that means and I won't be burned again.  I and my friends are out money over this.I do not recommend this for multiplay."
,Not Recommended,239350,17111928,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Vinnycakes,"Shot by arrow trap, game over. Dropped a little too far off a ledge, game over. Threw rock to disarm arrow trap, rock bounced off the wall and instantly killed you, game over. Went too fast and touched a spike, game over. Went too slow, game spawned a ghost to kill you for not going fast enough, game over. Opened a jar, it had a snake in it, game over. Spider dropped down from off screen and landed on you, game over. Accidentally picked up item in shop without paying, shopkeeper kills you instantly, game over.It's sort of addictive in that you feel like you get a little better every time, but the real trouble for me is that the gameplay never changes. What keeps games like Binding of Isaac interesting is that you find items that completely change your playstyle right from the first area. If you have a bad run, chances are the next one will be significantly different. In Spelunky, the items are just dull. If I'm going to bang my head against a wall of insane difficulty, I'd at least like some variety in the head banging."
76561197989523100,Not Recommended,239350,13747439,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Bisen,I feel like this game would be a lot more fun if I had a gamepad.
76561197993243033,Not Recommended,239350,9784308,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,AssDance,not worth the money steam world dig is a way better version of what this coulda been
76561197968776004,Not Recommended,239350,9787174,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,NephelimDK,"This is a terrible game. In theory this game should work, buy in practice it's just not that fun. Hard to put a finger on why its not working, it just isn't. At least to me."
,Recommended,239350,7416180,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,granderojo,"Every Night and every MornSome to Misery are Born.Every Morn and every NightSome are Born to sweet delight.Some are Born to sweet delight,Some are Born to Endless Night."
,Not Recommended,239350,16209178,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,FernieCanto,"I've played some hard games in my day. This is not one of them. Trust me, this game is not hard: a game being hard implies that it keeps pushing you to defeat it. This game, on the other hand, doesn't care. It makes no effort. It's a pedestrian, woefully unappealing platformer that presents, as its one and only catch, randomly generated levels. Of course the roots of this practice go back to ASCII-based RPG games like Rogue, which used its randomly generated dungeons to create a sense of endless peril and menace. On this game, however, the levels feel like the result of a game designer who was too drunk to care. This must be why the play screen is so small and close to the character: it's so we can't see the catastrophic, unpleasant results of this level generating mechanism.The gameplay consists of reaching the end of the level, getting to the next one, repeat. You can get some gold and gems along the way to buy some items whose purpose you won't care to know, and you can find a damsel in distress to take to the end of the level and recover some of your health (I only wish I were making this up), and you can also do some other things that add a flimsy, cheap sense of diversity to a fruitless gaming experience. You die, you start again from the top. You can reach some checkpoints along the way, and if you provide the tunnel man with enough items, and if you run enough miles and jump enough lakes of fire and watch enough Friedberg & Seltzer movies, you can maybe open up a shortcut to quickly reach those checkpoints. Your prize will be, of course, more of the same.It's quite amazing, but the makers of this game have managed to suck out every last drop of enjoyability that could remain in this game. This means that if you think having fun is too mainstream, this game is for you. If you enjoy doing the same kind of task over and over again, with as little diversity as possible, then don't play this: play Euro Truck Simulator 2, which actually manages to create an experience that is alternatingly pleasant and exciting, and nearly therapeutic. Buy this game if you don't like money, and if you don't like fun; then you can brag around about how ""hard"" this game is and how hardcore it makes you. But if you want an actually hard game, play Battletoads."
,Not Recommended,239350,16461659,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Literal Garbage,Tedious as balls
76561198027244034,Not Recommended,239350,32189405,Posted: 4 June,all,[FC+]knighthammer,game would be great if it did have perma death. Waste of money
76561198071915950,Not Recommended,239350,17182899,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Serious Secare,meh
,Recommended,239350,33396210,Posted: 8 July,all,svansloot,"Like minecraft but with less crafting and ore, feels like an arcade game, but you don't need to pay more than once so I guess its alright."
,Not Recommended,239350,9775508,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,dodo4103,"I think I am one of the only people that wouldn't recomend this game. I like platformers as much as anybody else, but something in this game just didn't hit it off with me. The controls were bad, even after rebinding them. It crashed like 15 times, and wasn't very eventfull. You killed a bat here and there, but it wasn't what I wanted."
,Not Recommended,239350,8563214,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,purfumy_funk,Unnecessarily difficult. I get so frustrated that i give up after 10 minutes.
76561197966921756,Not Recommended,239350,13594206,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scatterbine,"One of those games where if you get hit once, you die.  But this one is interesting because when you get hit once, you have to restart the entire game.  So it's horrible.Also it's a platformer, so you at least once per level you are begging it to do something, and it won't.  Like an enemy is approaching, so you hit the arrow to turn towards it, but the character doesn't turn. So it gets closer, and you hit the arrow again, and nothing happens.  And then you hit the arrow again, and the enemy touches you and you die and the entire game restarts.10/10 troll"
,Recommended,239350,10551453,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,boswelox,Get that jet pack.
76561198110445822,Not Recommended,239350,35432064,Posted: 2 October,all,TheRobotsOfMarch,"I used to be addicted to this game, but I honestly don't find it to be very fun or fulfilling. There's so much luck involved, and you really need to rely on being able to get good items, in my opinion.It doesn't have much variety or much depth, I think.I'm not trying to bash the game. I even own the book by Derek Yu on how it was designed, and it's an important indie game. But, it was made to be an easy game to make, in a lot of ways. It was very popular because it was one of the big games in the roguelite boom, but I feel there's better games with more depth that accomplish similar things.Have a nice day."
,Recommended,239350,7744304,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,necmoronikon,Spelunky is nice
76561197991387642,Not Recommended,239350,8326173,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Direangel,"Although the previews look nice and the grapics are charming. There is a failure to mention (even in the tutorial) about a time limit on the levels.  If you take too long (seems like about a minute) exploring then a one hit kill large ghost blob comes after you.  It flys through walls making a bee line toward you, given the number of times the clunky controlls get me stuck on the corners of walls when I just want to drop down, death is inevitable. This is a ram yourself through the level as fast as humanly possibe type of game. Not a hrm we need to figure out a way to get around this trap or room or whater type of game, which is more of what I expected.I have played the game for about 5 minutes and am ready to delete it off my computer."
,Not Recommended,239350,7568782,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"I am not enjoying this game, although I may continue to play it. It's a rouge-like, however there is no character development. One of the things I really enjoy about rouge games are how much time and thought you put into your avatar only to die in some silly manner or by not paying attention. This game has random dungeon levels where you are just a generic toon. You're mission is to get to the bottom of the level and to the exit where you move on to the next level. Spelunky is unforgiving, unfair, ridiculous in some cases. I played last night for an hour and never got past level 1-3. That's saying something as you have a 2:30 minutes to reach the end of each level or a ghost comes and one shots you. If you want an arcade type rouge game or a game that is extremely challenging then you may enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,239350,8352854,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,RujiK,"This game is good for single player, but coop is quite broken. Anything you attack with can kill your buddies. Even throwing a rock can bounce around and kill everyone. Also the camera only follows player one so everyone quickly gets left behind.If you want this game for single player, its quite solid, but for coop it just isn't polished enough."
,Not Recommended,239350,8834505,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Not Louis CK,"The premise of it's ""trial and error""learning curve is robbed by the randomly generated dungeons and ghosts that act as an invisible timer.  The goal to descend is hindered by the poor size of the player's view range and FREAKING FALL DAMAGE in a PLATFORMER.You won't know about hazards until the first time they hit you, and there is no guarentee that hazard will be there in the future.It is a challenging game, but not a fair game.  Buy Dark Souls if you want a challenge, buy Cave Story if you want adventure."
76561198004606775,Not Recommended,239350,8378713,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TheRunelord,"Game forces a single style of gameplay, and that style is too luck based for the challenge to be enjoyable.God-powered Ghosts appear after 2 minutes of play on every level. Ghosts force the gameplay into a way I simply don't enjoy, turning each level into a race instead of allowing for a more exploratory style."
,Not Recommended,239350,8470020,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Brumbek,"Spelunky has a lot of charm. The visuals are cute and the music is nice. The randomness can lead to funny things like tossing a damsel toward the exit only to have her eaten in one bite by a ravenous plant. Some items are quite fun too.Despite the potential appeal, I found Spelunky to be totally obnoxious, relying on cheap deaths, nonsensical randomness, and arbitrary design decisions. Lest you think I’m just not a good player, it personally took me 9 hours (about 160 deaths) to unlock all the tunnels (the last tunnel unlock is insanely annoying) and then complete the regular ending.Sadly there isn’t much content in Spelunky. There are only a handful of level types, and if it wasn’t for the fiendish difficulty it would only take a few hours to see everything.Speaking of fiendish, Spelunky is designed to make you die over and over. Moreover, it is random to a fault. Some levels are easy, but others are nightmarish (torch levels!). Gear is absolutely essential for surviving, but often it never spawns. You are at the whim of the randomness which is frustrating.Item management is also obnoxious. You can only carry one thing in your hands. This means you have to constantly be dropping and throwing your stuff. Get used to dropping your precious shotgun, saving the damsel, and then going back for your gun. And why can’t you put the key in your pocket!? Because the game wants you to die.It’s too bad the game doesn’t have an Easy mode because Steam says only 5% of all players have finished the game. It is too bad the developer made the game so hardcore that most won’t even see all the content they paid for.To conclude, Spelunky is obnoxious and its charm cannot overcome the incredibly repetitive and random nature of the game. There’s a reason the original PC version is available for free. I cannot recommend this game to anyone but the most masochistic of gamers."
76561198080357795,Not Recommended,239350,8415238,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,bowsers2,"From what little I played I found this games combat to be uninteresting. The Start off weapon is a whip that feels too limited. Throwing ojects as a projectile weapon was pretty boring and The enemies are too one demensional to have any fun engagement with.Traversal was not good either. It's slow walk or turbo walk. And thats with the level platform design thats way more about collectng stull than rewarding/fluid movement.This game feels like the core gameplay is missing engagement, and made up for by overcoming the difficulty. Being hard is always a poor substitute for good gameplay. Rggue Legacy is a better that this, but even that has problems."
76561197995651078,Recommended,239350,1632737,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,h3xC@,"Very cool roguelike, does for the platrform genre what Isaac did for the twin stick shooter. Excellent translation of the form. The leaderboards cinch it for me... and when I got a look at the second world I was enthralled."
76561197971692688,Not Recommended,239350,32213362,Posted: 5 June,all,[57th] Stilgar,"Looks like fun and if you're more coordinated than I, most people are - you might enjoy this.As it stands I have replayed the tutorial a half a dozens times dying at the same place each time.Fun this ain't.If the game would save progress so you didn't have to start over, perhaps. Or maybe difficulty levels. But as it stands I find it boring."
76561197962093005,Not Recommended,239350,11206403,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Stig,"This is the worst game I have ever paid for. The art style is great and I was hoping for a great gameplay however when you die you start the game over again, and it can be very easy to die many times in a row. Expected you to mine for items and further your character but there is none of this, everything is lost each time."
76561197960516898,Not Recommended,239350,28551188,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mannex,"an old-school cave exploring game where everything is randomly generated out of tiles, lame cellphone game art style, bad whip attack animation, and you go around picking up little gems and other pieces of crap while you get murdered in various frustrating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ways that approach dark souls levels of unforgiving.  spelunky is very tough, but fair.even though the game uses a controller, there is no incremental analog movement.  your move speed options are uselessly slow, or dangerously fast.  sometimes you'll feel like you're fighting against the sloppy controls more than you should be.   the game also has a lot of little quirks (throwing stuff, exploding crates etc etc) that you'll have to learn the hard way.you only have one life, but if you beat an area three times you get the option to bypass it in the future.the music is sega genesis style FM synth stuff that's actually really damn good, some of the best music I've heard in a video game, which is good because you'll be hearing the same songs over and overI got this on steam sale for $3, and it's definitely worth at least $8, but I can't recommend a proc-gen tile game for the non-sale $15 price."
76561198035205209,Not Recommended,239350,8419711,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Manic Modron,"I can't recommend this game.  Technically there isn't anything wrong with it, but there isn't any real reason to play it either.  The charm loses value with the repetition and getting chased out of each level by a giant specter of death before the whole level can be explored is just irritating.For a game about treasure hunting, neither treasure nor hunting it actually seems to matter and that is pretty much a damning sin in what otherwise should be a fun, clever platformer."
76561197962337143,Not Recommended,239350,9764842,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mirabilis,"This game is legendary.  It's hard to come across serious gamers who haven't played and raved about this game.  They gush about how fantastic, ingenious, tricky and compelling it is.  And I think thats half the problem right there - I approached this with very high expectations, and those expectations were utterly dashed when they were introduced to reality.  The game is quite banal - a 2D side scroller that seems, at first glance, to exude unexceptionalism.  So you play it hoping for some moment of enlightenment when you see things from the point of the view of the fans, but at no point does that moment of revelation arise.  Its just ... a bit bland, really.No matter how hard I try, I fail to see the appeal of this game.  The graphics are poor, the gameplay is from another era best forgotten, and the whole experience feels a little flat.  I don't doubt that there is something fantastic in there, but I can't find it, and I suspect a lot of people who bought it expecting something great feel just as disappointed.I'd conclude by saying this: if you're the kind of person who really, really likes old-school 2D platforming, poor graphics, frustrating gameplay and wants to feel part of something 'legendary,' then good for you - go and buy it.  If, on the other hand, you're a more jaded soul with a penchant for something more satisfying in a gaming sense, I suggest you look elsewhere.Incidentally, did you notice that Emperor over there has no clothes?"
,Recommended,239350,29072722,Posted: 6 January,all,willracer4,"You want that idol, so you go grab it. Then you get crushed by the boulder. What makes it worse is it was the first time you made it to lvl 4 in your 20 hours of playing the game! So next time when you grab the idol, you throw a rope to avoid it, only for the boulder to roll into a black powder box, which launches it right into you. Now you are mad. Next time, you check for black powder boxes before grabbing the idol, throw a rope, and grab the idol, only to have that boulder destroy a shop, so you try to fall past the now♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off shopkeeper, only to take fall damage and get stunned, and you get shot by the shopkeeper. Next time, you make sure there are no shops around, grab the idol, and throw a rope, only to find that the boulder destroyed an altar, releasing spiders, which ambush you, knock you off a ledge and right in front of the boulder, however you are relieved that the boulder stopped short of you, but you realize the only way to get to the exit is covered by an arrow trap, you only have 1 health, and you have no items, bombs or ropes to trigger it. Then you FINALLY make it to the jungle...10/10"
,Not Recommended,239350,8327774,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rawsome83,"This game has some awkward old-school controls to begin with, not sure if you can reconfigure them (you probably can). The game seems like a roguelike to me, more so than anything else. You die easily and start from scratch, and you've got a set ammount of health (or hits) but you can increase it. I get the feeling the way to succeed in this game is up to skills, skills I can't really be bothered to learn. It's not something you just pick up and play like it's nothing, there's a steep learning curve actually. The whole controls thing just sorta killed it for me. I could have researched it better but meh.. not bad for 3.5€ perhaps, but I'm probably not going to play it again :POh, and by the way.. there's a huge ghost that you can't kill that appears after a short ammount of time, in EVERY level, that walks through walls, hunts you down and kills you.. So much for freedom to explore lol"
76561198057788088,Not Recommended,239350,9050602,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Paper Studios,"I really do not understand the reviews!! This game really really really REALLY sucks!!! It's not fun at all, the music is extremely boring, the gameplay adds no value. I don't know if they tried to imitate Bomberman, but they failed miserably. I could play no longer than 15 minutes. The multiplayer doesn't help either. Don't waste your money in this. If I could, I'd ask for a refund.Buy this as a gift for that special person that you never want to see again."
,Not Recommended,239350,7964961,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Mozgus,"Price paid: $2.50So sad to say that I'm not thrilled about this purchase. I'm a huge fan of the Binding of Isaac. I have been told more than once to get this game because of that. Sorry, but I'm just not understanding something. There's no replay value here. I've died a hundred times, and never learned anything from my mistakes. I have no way to improve my skills or make any progress. I've never gotten out of the mines. I'm sure everyone will just say ""you suck at games, gtfo"" but there's something wrong here. It's just too punishing no matter how careful I am. I've read guides and there's apparently nothing I don't already know. So since there's apparently no difficulty suited for someone who ONLY has 25 years of gaming experience, I find myself unable to extract any of this game's content that's locked away in the deeper levels. I'm hoping Rogue Galaxy will be a better bet in the future."
,Not Recommended,239350,10319067,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,JOBBIN TIL' I DIE,literally worse than gone home -13/10
,Not Recommended,239350,10691161,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,evildonald,"I don't understand why this game is popular.  The idea appealed to me greatly, but the controls are sucky (a control each for climb and up??), and at one point a trap triggered, hurt a shopkeeper, and then the shopkeeper attacked and killed me.If i wanted that to happen I'd play Nethack.3/10"
76561198053921419,Not Recommended,239350,10916035,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Avina Diviri,"Waste of time. The PC port is buggy and kind of terrible. There is only multiplayer available if played on the same computer, but I wasn't able to use the controller instead of the keyboard as player 2, and for some reason player 1 was able to use it. I didn't find a way to fix it. The music is terrible. This game is an overall dissapointment."
76561198079498047,Not Recommended,239350,14391949,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bJAKEd,"Populated with characters as unpleasant as its sleazy storyline, Spelunky is inhabitable for all but the least demanding erotic arcade fans."
,Not Recommended,239350,8326325,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Rapping Mouse from Barnyard,you can kill the dog wtf is that♥♥♥♥♥
76561198016308800,Not Recommended,239350,9784376,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,{CRU}Andrenator,When i saw Local coop i thought me and my bro can play on different computers but that is a big no no you have to play using that same stupid monitor and that is not fun at all i actually want my money back to be honest so developers MAKE THIS GAME SPLITSCREEN FOR ME AND MY BROTHER FROM FAR AWAY CAN PLAY THE GAME AND HAVE SOME FUN!!! I would not recommend this game for people that are trying to split screen on different computers you have to use only one which sucks.
76561198009547827,Not Recommended,239350,10994854,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Burba22,"All keyboard controls... Should gain life after killing enemy's, but you don't and tipically die on the first or second level. Spend more than 2.5 min on a level and a ghost comes to kill you. Lame you can't change any setting to help you play the game more easly."
76561198079754290,Not Recommended,239350,9621120,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Stephen Hawkin's Robo Dick,"Completley unplayable, too hard. This is coming from someone who has completed Dark Souls New Game+ and much more hard ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The controls are garbage with Z to jump and X to attack, the the A and S Keys are used for Rope and Bombs, any major PC gamers fingers will automaticaly go to the WASD keys to move, however in this game it results in you throwing bombs at your feet. The game prides itself on being too damn hard, even going to the extent of giving the shopkeepers and general enemies ANY reason to attack you. Once you♥♥♥♥♥♥off ONE shopkeeper for any reason all of them hate you and then removes all chance of survival because they shoot you once and it's all over, avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,239350,8242988,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,kfsass,I... really don't like this game. I don't know why. Maybe it's because I die every five seconds or because the speed choices are between slow as possible and the speed of light or because you have four health or because it's just REALLY not that entertaining. I would spend your money elsewhere.
76561197979292857,Not Recommended,239350,11915070,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,sirpennywise,It is listed under Nvidia's supported Shield games. Yet it crashes on launch and causes me to have to reset my PC to get Gamestream to work again. Games that are listed as uncompatible work better than this one.It will play outside of the shield but I purchased only because it was listed as a full controller supported Shield game. Watch out if you are looking to purchase it to stream to your shield.
,Recommended,239350,32153630,Posted: 3 June,all,Creatismus,It's good.
,Recommended,239350,21166799,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,worst10/10
,Not Recommended,239350,17770920,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Green /̵͇̿̿/’̿’̿ ̿ ̿,"Fun game, it really is. I just vote no because I can't play it from the couch on SteamOS (this game is windows only).I think its not fair from the developer to force us to site behind a desk and play this game with mouse + keyboard ;)"
76561198070387834,Not Recommended,239350,17841756,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tobi the Fruit,"Spelunky is a challenging game tht I would consider to be on par with Dark Souls when it comes to difficulty. A lovely little side-scroller about a little man going off to explore a cursed cave to find treasure, while on occasion saving the lovely mistress or two. It plays well, and although it is infuriating to play at times, the game is masterfully created to draw you back in thinking ""I was so close, I could probably get there if I tried again"".On the subject of dying, lets talk about that mechanic in the game. Should you die, you have the option to choose between a quickstart, immediately putting you back at the beginning of the run, or continue, which brings you back to the hub, which you can expand by going deeper and deeper into the caves and donating supplies to the Tunnel Man. Personally, I found this mechanic to be annoying because you wont be able to donate every time, and sometimes not even be able to find the item he asks for in the previous level.Spelunky does has its flaws as well. I was going through a run and found that there was no way to reach the exit without having to bomb through the level. This would have been fine, had I actually enough bombs to even go through all the parts that were blocked. I found the hitboxes of enemies to be very difficult to hit with my whip, eventually resulting in me taking damage because I was one pixel too far away(I'm looking at you, bat).Back to mechanics, one of the most infuriating aspects of this game is when you are stunned after taking damage. This stun is basically the game showing you that you are dead, and that there is nothing you can do but watch as another enemy walks over and slaps you again and again until you die. The shopkeeper is a great example of this. I have almost never died from getting shot by the shopkeeper. I have, however, died multiple times from landing near him, him walking into me, and slapping me over and over again as my character flies around the screen. The concept of being unconcious just feels like the game is just telling me ""♥♥♥♥-off and watch me kill you for no reason"" as I am almost paraded around the map by the monsters until I either land on a spike or run out of life. Its unfair, and I understand that its made to be unfair and challenging, but the game has the habit of turning ""you died"" into ""♥♥♥♥ you"" with its deaths. Going back to the unconcious thing, I can't remember the last time I wasn't flown halfway down the map by a monster, only to land on or in front of a hazard and just watch as my character does nothing and dies because he was stunned for too long. Don't get me wrong, I love this game. I'm probably going to keep playing it for a long time and eventually get better. But for the time being, Spelunky feels more aggrivating than it doesn fun."
,Not Recommended,239350,8493727,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rhaegall,Looked fun. Sounded fun. Was not fun at all. Overrated game.
76561198011631136,Not Recommended,239350,30201911,Posted: 26 February,all,CanenFuder,"This game is fun, challenging, and aesthetically pleasing, but I have two problems that I can't ignore: the sound will sometimes cut, and the only way I found to fix it was to install and uninstall the game (for others this solution wouldn't work), and there's no level edit mode in this version. Which I was very disappointed not to see. Other than that, it's a pretty good game. It just missed the feature that to me, would complete the game."
76561198261216447,Not Recommended,239350,29416291,Posted: 22 January,all,kingeddo101,i played the game with my pc and the controls sucked so my friend told me i should've played with a controller and i don't know if that is true but a  fast pase hard to control game that just is a no for me i would reccomend it for controller's i guess
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,239350,9398451,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Elmberry,Not so fun game. Feels like a console or iphone game.
76561198043039711,Not Recommended,239350,18222093,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Watsst,Repetitive and simplistic. Not a true rogue-like which is why I bought it.
76561198051849192,Not Recommended,239350,9879238,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,rubinofstorms,what a♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,239350,8380843,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hi-Tech Hermit,I don't get it.
76561197995022522,Not Recommended,239350,8342538,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cold-beverage,This game is ok.
76561198012008918,Not Recommended,239350,32993490,Posted: 29 June,all,Toe_Jam,"Lots of great game design, the levels teach you how to play, such as jumping onto skeletons and throwing or whipping pots on the Cavern levels.... but there are some unfortunate inconsistencies that don't allow you to predict how to move. Skeleton typically only go one direction and drop off of ledges, except when they don't. Cavemen can only see you from the direction they're facing, except when they don't. Projectiles bounce and can hit you if they have enough speed, except when they don't and hit you anyway. Blue snakes spit on a set timer only, except when they don't and proc spit upon reaching a ledge. You can whip a target coming at you from directly above, like a bat, except when you can't. It's still beatable, but too much of the gameplay comes down to needing to watch and react on the fly, or just play completely conservatively to avoid any such encounter, instead of being able to simply see the obstacles and predict their behaviors. This is made worse by the fact you have 2.5 minutes to complete each level, forcing you to move quickly.I admit I suck at this game, but I was expecting to eventually be able to improve in skill. Well you can't, you have to change how you play completely. Ignore most of the gold and jewels, just go for the entrance. Make taking no damage top priority, spend all your time just being cautious and avoid compelling gameplay because if you don't and expect to predict enemies' movements in order to gain new treasures, you're going to have a bad day. Their behaviors will change at the worst possible moments."
,Not Recommended,239350,9657299,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,SWEER POTATO,2spikey4me
,Not Recommended,239350,8404570,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Major Witty,"I would not buy this game for my children (four kids 3 to 10) due to the Kali altars (sacrificing damsels, really?). That's a bummer because my kids would enjoy the game. I'm not really into side scrollers and having time limits to figure out optimum ways to get at loot. That being said the randomness of the levels, tools, and methods to get around mines are neat. If the game was more kid friendly I would have bought 4 copies today. Back to Minecraft for the kids."
76561198043070022,Recommended,239350,18181214,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Phoenix,I played this game for 10 minutes.Until I realized it wasn't 10 minutes.It was 50 minutes.This game = my new drug
,Not Recommended,239350,8418212,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Crazybingo,"This game is the definition of unforgiving, and I hate it because of that. I'm so glad I got it on sale, it's definitely not worth the 15 bucks.Unless you enjoy repeatedly dying without any money/item/anything saved between games, this isn't the game for you."
,Not Recommended,239350,11062719,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,genoforprez,"Masochistic players who love to suffer one cheap death after another will love it. I've quit and returned to this game several times now, each time determined to enjoy it, and each time I just rage quit. It's like being subjected to a cruel joke. I'm not strictly against ""iterative"" games where frequent deaths are part of the game. I enjoy the constant ""iterative"" deaths in Super Meat Boy, for example. But at least in Super Meat Boy, when I die, I don't feel like I was robbed. Spelunky feels like the gameplay equivalent of a mugging. If that's what you like, then by all means, this is the game for you. As for me, I've tried to like it and I just can't. The only thing I feel when I play this game is incredible amounts of irritation. If it weren't digital, I'd sell it back."
76561198122439527,Not Recommended,239350,10497152,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Gobby,"The game promises to kill you in creative ways, and it delivers on half of that. An important game mechanic lets you squeeze a little extra health, giving you a chance at 1 per level, but most of the time you lose your health all at once. Stuff tends to send you flying and leave you stunned, which usually just chains you until all your painstakingly hoarded HP is gone. And certain things will just instantly kill you, or deal more than 1 point of damage (read, 5), for SOME reason. Another time, your hit invincibility (which only certain kinds of damage give, for reasons unknown to me) may get you past most of the level, arrows bouncing off you as reel from the impact of that spider bite. Seriously, the way the game punishes you for mistakes is so out of wack and confusing, and I don't see any rhyme or reason behind it.There's a time limit that spawns an unkillable monster that chases till you advance. Time pressure doesn't really add anything to the game, honestly. There's also a bunch of things in the game that really shouldn't hurt you. I have killed myself many, many times trying throw an object through a small gap. How? A better question is, ""Why?""That brings me to objects. You pick them up, you throw them. Sometimes they have special uses. It's probably one the most important parts of the game. Which is why it's so frustrating that the game barely supports it. There are NO animations for picking things up, carrying them, etc. Whatever it is just floats over your sprite, which wouldn't be that bad if you didn't spend the WHOLE GAME doing it. The control scheme is bad. You cannot, under any circumstances, throw certain items. The game needs one more button, and I have no idea why it doesn't have it. You can only carry one item, and at any given level there's 2-3 things you'd like to, not KEEP really, just MOVE. I'm sure multiplayer makes this better, but if you play alone you will encounter this inconvenience.People talk a lot about perfect moments they find in the randomized depths, but it's really all the same, as far as I can tell. The different area types have distinct feels to them, not just skin changes but real differences in level design. That's good. But between two stages of the same type? It's all pretty much the same. I find myself clearing out the same rooms with the same keystrokes, and nothing ever surprises me. Nothing really interacts in any interesting ways, and the only chain effects I've seen involve me being bounced around the level by hit-stun.Now, theres a lot of content in this game that I haven't seen. You can play the later levels, using ""shortcuts"" which are a ♥♥♥♥♥ to unlock. This new late-game content sure looks like fun, how do I get the shortcut? Looks like I have to spend a bunch time in the early levels. That could only ever have been the exact opposite of what I wanted. Why was it set up like this?So yeah, I died. It even got a bunch of laughs out of me, when things got absurdly unfair. To be honest, this game really should have been done up arcade style instead of tacking on perma-death in the wake of the roguelike hype we're seeing. It's got the same problem that all the worst roguelikes have; your sexy late-game content means ♥♥♥♥-all if the second I see it I get shunted back to play level 1 again. And what does perma-death add to the game? It doesn't make ""choices matter"" or make you plan out your moves. It's a platformer. You jump. When you fail, the first thing you want to do is TRY AGAIN. The game takes too long, and is too monotonous for that format to work. If I'm gonna play them a thousand times, those first levels better be phenomenal. And they aren't. They really, really aren't."
76561197993589456,Not Recommended,239350,8059323,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,IonStormVortex,"I detest this game.  I love challenging, perma-death, progressive games.  This game is just irritating and unrewarding.  I have better games to play with my time.  I bet you do too.  Avoid this.  It is not ""rogue-like"" - that is an often abused term by developers now starting to mean ""random puzzles and combat"" and not Rogue-like at all.  This game is just a thorn, a drop of toxic waste meant to tempt you with potential while slamming you with repetitve boredom.  I'm embarrassed by how much time Steam reports that I've played it.  I gave it a fair chance, and now I warn you."
,Not Recommended,239350,12035129,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,MurderousIntent,"While playing this game, one becomes very impatient due to the frequent deaths and restarts.So you start to run all the time, and you die more often.If you take one hit on the first level, you'll restart immediately.If you dont get enough gold in the first level (at least 10k) you'll restart immediately.Etc."
,Recommended,239350,8321351,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,imp,Very good game.Everyone should buy it.
76561197970263414,Not Recommended,239350,9772033,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,system,"Some reviewer said that this game ""is not a game, it is a way of life"". Bulls***. Its just a normal jump and run game. I dont know why this game got 90 of 100, but dont fall for that, I did and regret it now. If you like a totally normal average jump and run, then buy it, all others spare their money for more innovative games."
,Not Recommended,239350,8407459,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cpt. Falconator,"I personally would not recommend this game, that is probably just because I don't like the style of game and get frustrated easily. Although i do find the controls too slippery and awkward, and enemies hitting you when they're dead, things like that. Sorry, didn't enjoy it :/"
76561197985084382,Not Recommended,239350,7777944,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ahnassi,"This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥but let's talk about some of the good parts first.-Soundtrack is good. I didn't get tired of most of the Soundtracks.-Addictive for the first few hours of gameplay. After that only the Daily Challenges are worth playing it.-Easy to learn.And now what's bad.-The tutorial doesn't teach you anything appart from the very basics.You won't even know you can walk through spike traps or fall into them using a rope unless you look it up.-The HUD has no purpose, takes up a quarter of the screen and hides traps and enemies.-There is no explaination on what items do or how to beat certain enemies unless you look it up.Appart from that the game looks like it's full of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ideas that got dropped and unbalanced changes to enemies and damages that got added last minute because the game didn't please the ""hard core"" gamers."
,Not Recommended,239350,30712451,Posted: 24 March,all,Serostasis,"6/10. Know what you're getting into. Personally not my cup of tea but you may enjoy it.Spelunky is a hard, unforgiving 2d platformer. It is NOTHING more than that. Don't be fooled by the gameplay videos, like I was. To call this game ""rogue-like"" is being awfully fu cking generous. Sure, it has perma-death. Is that all that's required to be considered a rogue-like nowadays?Oh, well it has altars, you might say. Yeah, you have like, 2 minutes to try and use them while you're racing through a level, and the rewards generally are NOT worth the effort.I was expecting Spelunky to be more of a strategic, adventure game with heavy RPG elements. Spelunky is none of those things. Yes, obviously, skill is required to navigate through each level, but not as much as you might think. Generally you just have to slow down, and meticulously make your way through. That's it. I quickly found myself getting so bored that I started racing through the levels faster and faster, and (obviously) dying more.More than anything else, Spelunky feels like an arcade platformer, pushing you through the game with its forced time limits. Yes, the ghost that enforces these time limits can be dodged, and is not instantly lethal by any means, but it still forces you along. And there's no reason to linger anyway; yeah, you can ""ghost"" a level to convert gems into more profitable valuables, but you gather so much gold in the early levels anyway that this is hardly necessary.There's just not much else here. The extra ""characters"" are just superficial skins. The ""death match"" PvP is a frenetic, no-skill, laughable waste of time. Do your homework on this one. Make sure you like the gameplay because this game is basically just a platformer with perma-death.TL;DR: To call this game ""roguelike"" is being generous. This is an unforgiving 2d platformer with timed levels that gradually increase in difficulty. That's all."
,Not Recommended,239350,28992411,Posted: 3 January,all,SebaBress,"This is a rage game, if you don't enjoy raging then stay as far away of this game as humanly possible. Let's go on more detail, shall we?There are treasures, and there are traps, for some reason there are shops too, with really mad shopkeepers. Say for example you see a nice golden statue; you obviously know that there is a trap there, so you go with precaution to get it. When you take the statue a huge boulder comes rolling your way, thanks to your agile reflexes you manage to dodge the rock, what a great victory of your ability as a player! And then you hear that a little someone calls you a terrorist, yes my friend, the rock just hit the immortal shopkeeper of hell, and for some reason, it's your fault.You don't even knew that there was a shop down below nor that a giant mass of rocks will go down when you took the statue, but now you have a really freaking angry shopkeeper below, and believe me, it's hard to pass through that. Okay, maybe it was your fault, lets first explore the level and then take the statue just to be sure, but you can’t, because the caves are the home of Mr. Ghost, and he doesn’t like big-nosed explorers that go too slow. If you don’t go fast he will spawn, float straight to you and suck your soul like Gaben sucks your wallet. And remember, Mr. Ghost goes through walls, so I hope you got bombs or else you will have a bad time, again, and again, until you decide to go play Dark Souls instead.There is a difference between a hard game and an unfair one. Spelunky, for me at least, falls under the latter group. It’s not a game for me, this is clear, but does that mean that is impossible for others to enjoy it? Not in the slightest. You can master the controls, know the hazards and build up your speed, but that needs a lot of play time, that sadly it's full of unfair moments and a lot of rage. If you really want to give Spelunky a try, go for it; just keep in mind that you may get angry."
,Not Recommended,239350,453019,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Draconis🐊,SCAM ALERT! Instead of the platforming rogue like this is presented as on steam. Its a tiny little free flash game released with lots of bugs and bad controller support. Its biggest flaw is it forces you to complete the maps in roughly two minutes or else a unstoppable instant kill on touch ghost is spawned. Meaning you have to quickly dash around the level before time runs out. To add insult the controls are unresponsive and can bug out leaving you knocked around like a pinball into instant death spikes.Now having that is fine but it is not advertised as being a fast paced leaderboard game. Its also $15 for a flash game which is about $10 to many. Try the flash game before you waste money on this Greenlight Shovelware.
76561197972711754,Not Recommended,239350,7994654,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,KirneH,a whip that cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥and monster and traps that u can hardly kill within the first 1 to 2 lvl's and with only 4 hp and moster that can do more than 1 damage really kills any joy this game mighthave going for it imo.price compared to enjoyment for me makes this a 2/10 score thats how bad it is
,Not Recommended,239350,8106492,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,bad1080,i dont get this game. it is supposed to be a j&r but it feels klunky (playing with a 360 controller) and the same time very exact movement is necessary to survive. there is no motivation that keeps me playing enough to get a feel for the controls and therefore i uninstalled it...
76561198005927488,Not Recommended,239350,8567524,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Tony Todd,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!  Forget all the crap everyone on the positive side is saying.  The only think going for this game is that it's stupidly addictive.  Of course, so is crack, and it's just as bad for you.  There's nothing particularly clever here.  The game is short, fast, and hard.  If you enjoy replaying the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again, then be my guest.  Sure, the levels are randomly generated, but randomness only matters so much when there are more things that can one shot kill you than you can shake a stick at.  You will die CONSTANTLY.  This might appeal to the no-attention-span internet generation, but if you're looking for a game that can be ""figured out"", run from this like it's the plague.  The only thing to figure out here is that, if you die enough, eventually you'll probably get to the next level.  This might have been ok when I was a kid and had nothing but free-time, but now that I have responsibilities, I'd rather not spend my free time on a game that makes me want to throw my computer out the window."
,Not Recommended,239350,9792822,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,estyles31,What kind of sick masochistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ enjoys this?
76561198041477807,Not Recommended,239350,8447522,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Monkey_Socrates,"Not sure why this game is getting such critical acclaim. Much like Rogue Legacy, I feel like this game is wasting my time. I understand that permanent death is a characteristic of these roguelike games, but I simply do not feel this adds anything enjoyable to the game. Spelunky takes it further by forcing you to restart from the beginning after each death. Which essentially means hundreds of times.For reference, I beat Super Meat Boy and enjoyed that game (despite the incredible difficulty level) because it was fair. Spelunky is full of incredibly unfair moments which are impossible to survive. I guess a few of these moments would be acceptable, but there are too many. The controls are partially to blame. I gave it a shot, but it's just not for me. As I get older and have less time for games, time-wasters like Spelunky do not provide a meaningful enough gaming experience. Once again, glad I got it on sale."
,Not Recommended,239350,8489634,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FrobnosticusRex,Meh. Not worth money.  This is what I get for buying these low budget indy style games.  Stay away.
,Not Recommended,239350,21774039,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Marmarmar34,How to have a bad day:Play Spelunky
,Not Recommended,239350,8601700,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CaiB,"Can't recommend. The keyboard controls are horrid. The music is nice at first, but you'll turn it off very soon, due to its repetitiveness. Gameplay is difficult, with a rather extreme penalty for death, which occurrs often. The graphics and design are nice, but I just don't see myself playing it often."
76561197981838897,Not Recommended,239350,12106139,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,fragsauce,"Starting weapon is terribly small, and the ledge grab mechanic gets in the way too often. You often have to take blind jumps, which may be enough to hurt you. You don't start out with much health to begin with, so if you lose any in the first few levels, you're better off restarting.Interesting idea, but a few major annoyances that prevent it from being enjoyable in the slightest."
,Not Recommended,239350,9940822,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Strawberry Donut King,Spelunky is what happens if a couple of good coders and artists came together and said: ''Let's make a bad game''.
76561198021383222,Not Recommended,239350,10599503,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,blackserpent666,"an Incredibly frustrating version of Snakes & Ladders. There's no buildup - no base building. Every stage must be evacuated quickly or a spooky ghost comes for you. Golds and gems are splattered all over the place, but there's hardly a point to collect them."
,Recommended,239350,32149538,Posted: 3 June,all,user,dasasd
,Not Recommended,239350,35435192,Posted: 2 October,all,vaustein,"Spelunkyfeels like it was made to troll gamers but instead became successful. The graphics are decent and the concept is strong enough, but combat control is sloppy and imprecise while at the same time demanding very precise timing from the player. Frequently, both you and the bat / spider / snake you whipped take damage simultanteously, in part because your character shuffles forward rather than remaining stationary when turning to face an attracking creature. Other elements that come off as random and annoying include boulders of death that drop out of nowhere, conveniently placed arrow traps that often can't be avoided and whose projectile can deal double damage by propelling the player over a cliff, and a time limit in the form a ghost that hunts you down if you don't proceed to the exit within a few minutes. Definitely not worth the full retail price."
76561197998490461,Not Recommended,239350,8730711,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"I love my rougelikes, like Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, Rogue Legacy, Faster Than Light, etc, but this one simply doesn't do it for me. Each runthrough feels pointless and hollow. There's no thrill of discovery or collection (well, not until you're a long way up on the learning curve), just more ways to die. Each level has variations, which are supposed to spice up the otherwise homogenous gameplay, but all they did was add frustration (especially the dark levels, where you have to sacrifice any held items in favour of carrying around a torch).Part of the problem was the game was far more fun to play recklessly, running everywhere, dodging hazards as though you were Indianna Jones. But, this often quickly lead to death. The entire time, you'd be playing a game that you know could be so much more fun, but in order to have fun, you would sacrifice all your progress thus far. It's a pretty dire situation for a game to be in.There was some mild fun to be had. Once I became sufficiently proficient, I did mildly enjoy unlocking the tunnels to the latter levels. I did appreciate the ability to skip ahead past the levels that had long since begun to bore me. Plus, stealing from shopkeepers was a nice distraction. But, overall, I found mostly trudgery. I certainly cannot give Spelunky my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,239350,8426782,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Glenn Danzig,"Very disappointing.Too easy to die, no progress whatsoever and most important in the description they don't say that you have a limited amount of time to rush through each single level. After 2 minutes an indistructable ghost will wipe you off the level.This is not the kind of gameplay I was expecting from Spelunky.Don't buy unless you like to get frustrated."
76561198124168695,Not Recommended,239350,31985919,Posted: 26 May,all,Frog,"This game is fun, but gets repetitive because there aren't enough enemy types for each ""cave region,"" and also it's really hard to get to the next level. There are plenty of fun ways to die though this is a tiny part in the game, and some characters to play♥♥♥♥♥ and a lot of items to help you on your spelunky. There isn't much to say about this game, but there is a sizable amount of content to play maybe 30 hours at most. But since this game is randomnly generated you can play this game forever but it will get really boring."
,Not Recommended,239350,8389659,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,NeoTheRabbit,"This has to be one of the most annoying games I've ever come across. The randomly chosen levels are intriguing, and the comedy is quirky. The movement is terrible, partially because the controls are so poorly thought-out. If you try to spend time exploring, you'll be chased by a massive, heatseeking ghost that kills you instantly if you get anywhere close to it. If you try to protect yourself with bombs from giant spiders, shop keepers will think you are a terrorist and kill you faster than you can even blink with their shotguns. If you try to pick up golden treasures that make booby traps activate, it will destroy any shops nearby and will cause them to kill you again as you are always a ""terrorist"". If you anger one shop keeper, they will forever kill you in every level you advance to. If you die, everything resets and you go back to level 1 like nothing happened..except your countless deaths of course. The weapon they give you is a whip that can reach about 2 milimeters in front of you, so be prepared to get hit by bats constantly. The key to this game is have as little fun as possible, by fleeing straight to the exit & throwing rocks at everything but shops along the way."
,Not Recommended,239350,8430739,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zjörk,Please don't buy this game. I thought it was a Blu-Ray copy of Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull but what I got was far worse in quality. How is this even possible? Well let's go back. Back to the original Spelunky AKA Pitfall. Now that game was a hotdog and a half. This game is more of a cockroach salad dressing on a spoiled pickled pig's foot.
,Not Recommended,239350,2380760,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,this game was so anally crafted that i think it could pass a turing test
,Not Recommended,239350,7875931,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Byxorna,"A vibrant downgrade. If the controls and character response of the original was mediocre, than the sequel is downright combative. You'll find your character desperately clinging to every ledge within sight, unless you keep the down button depressed at all times. The whip now has a slightly shorter range, meaning you can no longer be teetering over a 1 block wide pit and kill the monster on the other side. Picking up an item quickly is nearly impossible, as you have to be fully crouched before pressing the action button. This means no more hitting them both at the same time, you have to actually consciously crouch first. As a person who has died well over a thousand times in the original, I find this game simply too clunky to play.On top of that, they made the boulder from the boulder trap several times more powerful. It's kind of fun to see the boulder fly back and forth across the screen, but you can't really steal idols unless you've checked the whole map to make sure there aren't any shopkeepers. And that really isn't an option, because you no longer have the 30 seconds of warning music before the time runs out, it's been shortened to zero.An additional but admittedly minor gripe: the scene between levels is terrible. If you want to see your loot and kills piled up, you'll have to wait nearly a full minute to see it happen. It's horribly slow; this should have been caught immediately after playtesting started. And it doesn't pile everything up, it flashes each piece of loot once. Not a huge deal, but it certainly takes away the fun of that brief level recap that the original had.On the plus side, you now buy items and go through doors with the space bar, allowing one to avoid the pain of prematurely leaving a level. Also, the new music isn't bad.I would strongly recommend playing the original game before playing this one. Playing this version first will leave an impression of mediocrity on you unbefitting of the famous Spelunky."
,Not Recommended,239350,8402747,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vermilicious,"I haven't played this a lot yet, so take this with a grain of salt. To cut it short, I don't know how this game got a metacritic score of 90. It's clearly not that good. It's just okay.It's a sort of rogue-like where you delve down endless, or at least near-endless, randomly generated dungeons. The style is cute and humorus. It's tough. It's frustrating. It's punishing. There's a slap-in-the-face time limit. Either you like it or you don't.I don't see myself playing this much to be honest. Other rogue-likes like Dungeons of Dredmor felt more interesting to me, but ultimately boring in the long run. I don't see this one being any different in this regard. It's a cute game though.Because it's such a ""niche"" game and has gotten too good reviews, I can't really recommend it. If you think you'll like it, get it during a sale.Update: It would seem there are some who just doesn't like negative reviews about this game - something I experienced also in the discussion section. For me, most of the time I just can't be bothered focusing enough to pass the first area. It's just not interesting enough. However, the game has some charm, and I tend to do a couple of casual runs now and then. It's just a bit frustrating that there's no way to really play this game casually. It's just the same experience over and over. I never get to see the later areas, because I'm not a hardcore Spelunky player."
,Not Recommended,239350,7893154,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dracasis,"First I should quantify the negative recommendation; Spelunky is still fun, its just incredibly frustrating at the same time. Like Rogue Legacy, when you die you restart at the beginning of an entirely new randomly generated world. But unlike Rogue Legacy there is no progression outside the playfield. It’s a lot of fun getting better and, even with the accidental deaths in the beginning feel like learning experiences rather than punishment but it gets tedious and frustrating after an hour. The local co-op is also an exercise in frustration with as much friendly fire as the game has.I'd say a 2/5 and it'd be a 4 if they just had different levels of difficulty that allowed you to keep items between deaths, turn off FF or give you your health back between stages."
76561198015663501,Not Recommended,239350,7942134,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,[N63] Kings,"If you like punishing hardcore arcade games, this is for you. Spelunky is more about death and restarting than any other game I've played. Traps and deadly monsters lurk around every corner and you are going to die.You start with four hearts in a randomly generated mine. Your goal is to get to the end of that mine and progress to the next level. Every mine contains of four levels. If you loose your four hearts it's gameover and you'll have to start over at the first level. When you start over, you start over. Nothing from the last hours of gameplay are going to make any difference. You don't even get to keep the hard earned gadgets that you've bought when you progress to the next level.It can be hard to tell the difference between holding on to a ledge and just standing close to the wall, things you throw that bounce back and hurt you, and hidden traps that suddenly triggers. These things are likely going to get you killed sooner or later and when they do, angry words and controllers are going to start flying.After playing this game for some hours I had still not made any progress beyond the first four levels. There were no new mechanics, no new monsters, no new terrains, no new treasures, no new gatgets and so on. With the lack of progress and no real reason to actually get good score I found this game unsatisfying and inadequate.If you however have two or three friends to play with this game might become a lot of fun. You won't get away from the sloppy controls however. The PvP battles are just as hard as PvE and even more chaotic, but so much more rewarding when you actually win a match. So if you have some friends that can join you in local co-op this game might actually be worth your time."
76561198032028808,Not Recommended,239350,7976362,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Insurgent,"Love the concept. Love the graphics. Love the fact that it is hard. I could not wait for it to go on sale (because you know I forgot how to pay full price for a game).That being said...I find no pleasure in playing this game whatsoever, I do not think I will be turning it on again.It lacks..this something that actually would make it worth playing, but maybe its just me doing it wrong."
,Not Recommended,239350,8673240,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,{CMD}=Pushka=,"Whoever thought it would be fun to play the whole game with 4 hit points, without any proper checkpoints or medkits, well it's NOT.It's a tedious, frustrating and unrewarding ""start from the beginning"" marathon.Most roguelikes would have more freedom and possibilities to avoid dying and tune to your playstyle, than this grind-fest.And the sickening cartoony style just makes it all the worse by taunting you with its dumb cheerfulness.I'd gladly return this, if I could. Regret buying."
76561198022907259,Not Recommended,239350,10699193,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hudson,"I don't have much patience for games which fail to utilize basic advantages of being on a PC or which continue to have obvious bugs which have not been fixed and probably never will be.  I played this game for five minutes to find that you can't change the screen resolution using the in-game menu built for it because of a bug that prevents you from exiting said menu after adjustment.  In this same amount of time I learned you also can't use a mouse to control your character.  This might be a small deal for most people, but for me if I am playing a game on a PC I expect it to cater to PC gamers in at least the most basic ways."
,Not Recommended,239350,7850394,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Alistair Darling,What the hell is the rave about? Its pretty crap tbh.
,Not Recommended,239350,9773492,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,I love scripted deaths.
76561197994156561,Not Recommended,239350,7953118,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Not Applicable,"Good idea, but I find it far too hard. The hit detection seems off, and there's a delay between using your whip and it actually connecting, so I often find my character sliding into the character it just killed and both of us dying. I could just be bad at platformers. There's also an imposed time limit on each level, so you can't take your time to explore and be careful, which you need to do because of the aforementioned issues.I do like the music, it uses an old Adlib-style FM synth. The art's nice too."
76561198061075770,Not Recommended,239350,8508880,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Aurax,"Trusted the positive reviews... They were wrong.Everything about this game just feels wrong. No amount of trying to fix the controls on keyboard made them feel in any way natural, every (and I mean EVERY) death felt like I'd been absolutely cheated, and that ♥♥♥♥ING ghost after what felt like 30 seconds on a floor which is nigh unnavoidable. Tutorial level taught me basically nothing. Soundtrack was obnoxious. Arrow traps shoot arrows which break mach 3. Initial character designs are lacklustre (except the pug damsel). Only real bonus is that levels are randomly generated, and even then there's nothing massively different about them between playthroughs seeing as they're only a few squares tall and wide.Played hundreds of hours of Binding of Isaac and did my time with Battletoads so it's not like I can't take punishment from a game, but this is just lacking a reason to even come back for more.Spelunky: not even once"
76561197975452899,Not Recommended,239350,9394358,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SecretAznManXXX,"WARNING: This game is SUPREMELY OVERHYPED and OVERRATED. This game is definitely NOT worth the price of admission. This game is so insanely brutal that it doesn't even make sense, buying this game and playing it is akin to spraining your ankles ON PURPOSE; why for the love of Pete, would you do that? Playing this game is the quickest way to get ""smashed monitor syndrome.""Don't get me wrong, I LOVE games that are challenging. I 100%-ed Demon Souls on the PS3. Yet this game, this overhyped game, DOES NOT deserve the same kind of love other brutal games get. Demon Souls, Contra, Raiden, these legendary brutal games throw challenges at you and if you fail said challenges...you get punished with death. HOWEVER, Spelunky does not throw challenges at you...it throws DEATH at you. No matter how meticulously you play this game, you will NOT get to the end. The reason that this game, in my opinion, gets so much love is that it helped popularize the ""Rouge-like"" gameplay, and for that kudos. I appreciate what you have done here. However! That does not excuse it from the poor execution. Being the FIRST does not make you the BEST. The iPod was not the first MP3 player, it was the best.Gameplay: The first level starts at the volume turned to 11. Then each level only gets turned louder and louder till you bleed from every single orifice. This is how a typical session goes: Whip a creature, it doesn't die and it attacks you, you take 1 damage. Try to descend the level, fall too far: take 1 damage + get dizzy. Another creature walks by, you take another 1. Now you only have 1 life left, you try to be EVEN more careful, only to have some stupid♥♥♥♥♥spider triggers a trap...YOU DIE. And then you look at your palms and say to yourself...WAS I BORN WITH A MENTAL DISABILITY?!?! Answer: NO. But this game sure makes you question your sanity and mental capabilities.I do acknowledge the innovative playing style. And I admit the first few hours were fun. But this game keeps you trapped within the first 5 or so stages that it's a shame you don't get to see all the other stuff in this world. And I think the BIGGEST shame is that getting so far requires SO MUCH dedication and sanity that when you have a choice to ACTUALLY do something different (City of Gold etc)... you are LITERALLY too afraid to do any exploration because you worked so hard to get to where you are. Think about that for a second folks...An ADVENTURE game that punishes you for trying to have an ADVENTURE. That's like using a toilet that shoots poop right back at you; why discourage me from doing what you were meant to do?So would I recommend this game to anyone? No, not at all. Just watch a friend (or enemy…preferably enemy) pay $15 and play this game and then see how it goes. Trust me when I say, you will get at least 80% more enjoyment out of watching them play, then to play this game yourself. I used a statistic, so therefore…science. Trust me guys and gals, science, mental disabilities, reverse toilet. You’re welcome."
,Not Recommended,239350,8290238,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Lip Service,"I am all for difficult roguelikes. I 100%'d Binding of Isaac for christsakes. But this game is not fun and is the most challenging game I have ever played, in that it challenges my patience.I get that I'm supposed to learn to hold down and look before I jump. I understand that I need to be careful with pots and enemies and traps. I even like the fact that it's very hard. But I feel it's unplayable due to wadded beef-like controls, mushy physics and simply unfair deaths, time and time again.I feel like I was patient with this game the entire time and I kept waiting until I was having fun. It never happened, which is unfortunate. I really wanted to like this game since I just finished Rogue Legacy and needed some more challenging metroidvania.Spelunky is too klunky. Play it if you're an absolute masochist who loves to be whipped and denied ore gasm."
,Not Recommended,239350,7895097,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Spermies,"Where the controller support?! cannot play this game on the keyboard please fix your game so it supports controllers.,"
,Not Recommended,239350,8068298,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Ser Lucatiel,"A really humongous time waster. Hours into the game, I didn't *care* about what was beyond the second stage of the mines, because replaying the first few levels again and again is incredibly frustrating. On top of that, a lot of the deaths you'll suffer are a fault of the game's awful controls (you'll want to play with a controller). If you're looking for a challenging rouge-like that rewards you rather than makes you feel like you've wasted hours for nothing, I'd recommend Rogue Legacy over this garbage."
,Not Recommended,239350,11515891,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,only use me knobbers,threw bomb up it fell on me and killed me. do not recommend game sucks
76561198060095183,Recommended,239350,30822071,Posted: 29 March,all,Jam,game gramps
,Not Recommended,239350,8253500,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Drunkmc,"This game has all the makings of a really good game, great art, animation and tight controls. However, I still can't get behind the no link from one game to another. I know that is the mark of a ""Rogue like"", but I need some progression saved like Rogue Legacy does.If you like the perma-death and no progression from one game to the next, grab this, but its just not for me sadly."
76561198048753490,Not Recommended,239350,14049056,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Elder Chaos Druid,Not  even worthy of a review.
76561198029092202,Not Recommended,239350,8152201,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,dagobbo,"Don't play this on the PC it a bad port, relies too much on handsets most of which don't work with the game. Gameplay is fine and fun but get it on the PS3 or Xbox, stay away from this PC port."
76561198044795267,Not Recommended,239350,29212812,Posted: 12 January,all,ColdSandSpirit,random deaths for everybody
,Not Recommended,239350,10744955,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hip Whip Girl,"I think this game is a little overrated, it's fun for about 5 minutes at a time, just not sure what to make about the progression in this game since dying sends you all the way back to level 1 every time. If there is a save point I am not good enough yet to have made it there lolWhen and if I feel the urge to play this game again I may change my review, but for now this game is just ""meh"""
76561198083780979,Not Recommended,239350,10288709,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,harrygilbert15,"The avatar has an awful tendency to stick to the tops of edges you'd really rather he didn't and the existence of the sprint button obligates you to hold the damn thing down at all times if you wish to achieve a decent score or even escape at all on the more difficult levels.  In addition the artstyle is obnoxoius and far inferior to it's original f2p 16 bit predecessor.  I bought this on the recommendation of NerdCubed (a youtube gamer) and I really wish I hadn't, 2/10"
76561198070402571,Not Recommended,239350,24954028,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,goatymen,"this game is really fun, but 100% not worth the 17$ i paid for it. 10$ would've been perfect"
,Not Recommended,239350,9842196,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Druseph,"this game was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, wheres the spacesahips and crap, ♥♥♥♥ you guys"
76561198046724827,Not Recommended,239350,9687730,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Daring Do,"Looks better than it is, difficulty level on par with the original game, overall evaluation: Money better spent elsewhere."
76561198010088153,Not Recommended,239350,32598834,Posted: 20 June,all,Preier,♥♥♥♥♥♥ playability
76561198021657909,Not Recommended,239350,33599451,Posted: 16 July,all,BookItFaster,Yikes not as fun as i thought it was going to be!
,Recommended,239350,24788503,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gay Guillaume,spelunky isn't even a ♥♥♥♥ing word
76561198126600412,Not Recommended,239350,35332267,Posted: 30 September,all,D16-C,its to ♥♥♥♥ing hard
,Not Recommended,239350,32166491,Posted: 3 June,all,urim,"Poor controls, arbitrary hitboxes, and bad ramp-up - do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,239350,32261347,Posted: 7 June,all,Teeto,"Get on sale. Still not worth it. Controls are bad, you can never drop off ledges properly. Arrow traps will snipe you across the map."
,Not Recommended,239350,8321244,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,cheese friendo,apparently fun is randomly-generated levels that can put turrets directly next to your spawn
,Not Recommended,239350,8172128,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Prime624,"Stupid game. First impressions remind me of a large flash game. The controls are terrible, but after switching a few buttons, it feels more natural. The actual game is worse. Think Mario wihtout a storyline, lovable characters, or cool music and art. Just like Mario, if you die in a level, you restart... at the BEGINNING. I couldn't even finish the first (tutorial) level, because it was so frustrating. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,239350,493926,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Chandler,"An exercise in punching yourself in the crotch for the duration of play. I typically like challenging games, but this tends to frustrate me. May need more time with it."
76561197961832103,Not Recommended,239350,24973606,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,bj00rn,"So I started playing the game, and was having a lot of fun with it - and then a ghost appeared out of the blue and just steamrolled me.. It felt very out of place to me, so I googled around and found out that there's a blanket hard limit of about two minutes on every single level in this game. This doesn't make sense to me. The ghost should be introduced on a later level, or simply be optional."
,Not Recommended,239350,8411436,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,viscount01,"My problems with the game. Lets start a list.Controls. Why is there a delay on the whip? why are enemies still doing damage a full 1/2 second after they are dead?Level generation. Spiked traps specifically. These are frustrating and honestly I've only reached the 2nd level. I know it gets far worse from there. There are other serious level generation issues with it scaling with difficulty too quickly. The dark levels are just clearly unfair. if you make a dark level, then no spike traps!I see where they are going with this game and I feel the slight issues becomes one big issues. Balance. There is none.I've tried to like this game, I really have. I have it more then a fair shot but this game just makes me hate myself. I blame mossmouth for being a p!$$ poor developer.Yes, Mossmouth, I would say this right to your face."
76561198017699399,Not Recommended,239350,7833716,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Auralist,This game is annoying. Sloppy controls and bad platforming. 4/10
76561198025513737,Not Recommended,239350,9679762,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Greyfish,"Wasted money for me. I don't mind the challenge, but randomized levels combined with restarting from beginning and non-existent goal killed this for me. Uninstalled after two hours of repeating first four levels, which became very boring."
76561197998118624,Not Recommended,239350,8316132,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Keikigaia,"Wouldn't recognize my controller(first game on steam to do so).  No online co-op play(a huge negative for PC players). Couldn't complete second room of tutorial as I had no bombs or ropes.  Huge rip off for the sale price of 7.49.  Did not get a 90 metascore experience.To developer:  You have my money now, how about catering a little to PC players since you've entered our market share.  And the ""im only one guy developing"" is a cop out.  Didn't stop you from accepting the money..."
,Not Recommended,239350,9682497,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",Absolutley fun game as a random generated world creates a fresh start no matter how much you die. If the developer adds online features I would recommend this to my friends.
,Not Recommended,239350,11718062,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Drainl0rd the Friendly Dunkerino,"Too easy?I'll admit, this game is beautifully designed. Gameplay is fun. There are many potential challenges. But... it's just a little too easy. I beat Hell in 14 tries total. I was expecting quite a bit of gameplay before I had gotten to that point. Well... maybe Derek was going easy on us. Heh."
,Not Recommended,239350,9129195,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[roodley],wait no online play fuggin trash
76561198336097595,Not Recommended,239350,33301573,Posted: 5 July,all,tepp2016,"Not that bad, but I wanna end myself. Perfect April Fools gift."
,Not Recommended,239350,8714724,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,HGenzo,what a waste of my money. wish i could refund it.controls are terrible. explore within the time limit per level or else the ghost will kill you and you start all.over.again.dont know what the hype is all about and to say this eventhough im a fan of platform games.
,Not Recommended,239350,10366119,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,"No, I didn't see the trap. No, I wouldn't have seen the trap. No, that is not good level design."
,Not Recommended,239350,7964921,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Skotavus,"This game is quite frustrating, mainly due to the fact that you often do not have control over your own demise nor enough vision on the surrounding environment. Instant-death traps are often just off-screen but fire as soon as you see them (not giving you enough time to dodge), damage is dealt by cheap hidden enemies, and you very often take fall damage as it is difficult to judge where you will land (again, due to the limited vision).If the camera was zoomed out just a little, this might be a much better game - as it is, I would not recommend it, even to fans of roguelike platformers."
76561198040757708,Not Recommended,239350,8805460,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Dinosaurlaserbot,"This game is too hard and the controlles are terrible, so terrible in fact you only use 8 buttons to play. One of the serious problems that really chafes my biscuits is that I was mislead by the description of this game, sure, they say its a classic style game but not that there is a TIMELIMIT!!!!1 Name one Classic style game that had a time limit on each an every level! Heres a list of my other complaints.-Spike traps are OP-Can only carry one Item at a time/no inventory-Not Terraria-Characters have no back-story-You cant use iron-sites with the shotgun"
,Not Recommended,239350,7888417,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,frobnic8,I am so saddened that this took what was a wonderful freeware game for the PC and made the music hideous and lost the perfectly balanced gameplay in order to dumb it down in case console users might get confused. Don't buy this. Go download the freeware original.
76561198341176914,Not Recommended,239350,32245844,Posted: 7 June,all,OceanicIX,"Where do I start with this game...First the contols sucked so I changed them, game crashed when I tried to the first time. Game crashed 2 times when setting resolution to 1440p. Game freezes pc 2/3 of the time upon exit so I have to close it from task manager or reset my pc.This game is about bs deaths, instakills, and pure rng. They decided to make the levels difficult and to only add in 4 full zones. Got to the end of the game when it felt like it was just starting. Bats can kill you after you kill them, dart traps can shoot you from off screen. It's a game of trial and error for hours to see what you can and cant do, and if you can't, too bad you are dead. Shopkeepers are the most powerful enemies in the game, because that makes sense. The process of helping the guy build tunnels is just plain stupid and honestly doesn't belong in a ""roguelike"" if you can even call this game that. Bring me a shotgun! Pray to the rng gods that there will be one in the store, or good luck fighting a shopkeeper for one and having them chase you down every level after. Now Bring me a key from the first level of the game! Makes no sense and is just stalling the player from going to the next area sice they wanted to make their game as short as possible. If I ran and got lucky, I could get to the end game ""boss"" in about 10 or 12 minutes. This game is a joke, glad I got it on sale. Literally the worst ""rogue like"" I have played, worth $5 at most."
,Not Recommended,239350,12563166,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,chairbender,"I like the sound and music design - it's low key enough to not get grating as you try the same areas over and over again. I also thing the visuals make it way easier to tell what is going on then the previous version of Spelunky. Unfortunately, if you're someone who value their enjoyment/hour, I just can't recommend this game.It's too frustrating. Games like Super Meat Boy are fun because you make a mistake, die, and get to try again. In this game, you don't get to do that. Furthermore, when you make mistakes, the punishment varies wildly due to the stupid hitstun mechanic that causes you to bounce around and inevitably go into some spikes or something that instantly kills you. Furthermore, the actions you take just don't feel precise enough compared to other platformers. Frequently, I found myself dying because of a throw not going where I wanted or slighlty over or under shooting a jump or things like that, which are all due to the really odd physics of the movement and throwing and other interactions. It feels difficult to get comfortable with the physics and, though I've played a lot of the older version, I still don't feel like I can get the game to consistently do what I want.If you play games because you want to have fun and feel a sense of accomplishment, this game is just too frustrating and doesn't have enough fun per minute to justify itself over the myriad other platformers.Oh, and co-op sucks. The game seems like it was designed around single player and co-op was just tacked on. Honestly, I'm sure it's fun to mess around with, but if you want a solid co-op experience this is not the game for that."
76561198163238083,Not Recommended,239350,32211428,Posted: 5 June,all,Mr.Marshmallon,Spelunky raaaaaaaage. This will be one of my favorite games but it is kinda broken.I can play this game for couple hours and die from the stupidest little things.All these little stupid things make this game unplayable.Here couple things that would make it a lot better. Instead of the bat taking one health off how bout it just pushes you and how about the tiki statues and arrow Blocks Take one damage.I just want to get at the end of the game.
76561198040395233,Not Recommended,239350,35231086,Posted: 26 September,all,noname,Extremely difficult. Just too hard. Would've been much fun otherwise.
,Not Recommended,239350,23977382,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,I AM HERE,No online co-op.
76561198086367308,Not Recommended,239350,19841655,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RawrCatXD,Most ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game of all time. Do not buy this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198075288988,Not Recommended,239350,16431028,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PmMeNudes,Worst game ever. Such a waste of time and money.
,Not Recommended,239350,11837756,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,jinxdory,"Do you like dieing over and over again? do you HATE how tricky those later levels are and just want to pl,ay the first two levels OVER AND OVER AGAIN? DO NOT I repeat DO NOT get spelunky, it is incredibly frustrating and a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,239350,9250566,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Quasix,Probably the worst game ever made.
,Not Recommended,239350,7828577,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mortz,"0/10 would not play again, but I like it on vita"
76561198133641259,Not Recommended,239350,28786703,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,★Lil_Tias★,♥♥♥♥♥game too expensive and just♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239350,8788852,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,FartyMcBigNuts,This game would be okay if it wasnt for the impossible controls
,Not Recommended,239350,8309357,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Arch Blueleaf,"I did not enjoy this game. It looked like a game were you could run around doing what you want underground digging for minnerals and ancient artifacts. But the game is more just an arcade game were you compete for the highest scores. If you are a singleplayer person like me i do not recomend this game. I have not tried it multiplayer, but i don´t think it will do much difference. So unless you like linear platforming games i do not recomend this game."
76561198163343146,Not Recommended,239350,29287295,Posted: 15 January,all,Purple Drank,*FATAL ERROR* Error Initializing Fmod.
,Not Recommended,239350,32627328,Posted: 21 June,all,klippx,"Very challenging, good controls but gameplay wise it feels a bit repetitive for me. Even my 7 year old son thought this game was pointless. I just bought this because Dunkey played it and it looked fun."
76561197979540016,Not Recommended,239350,9353913,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Santus Dee Lupinus,No roguelike should have traps that instantly kill you.  And this one does.
76561198103783785,Not Recommended,239350,32262377,Posted: 8 June,all,Four_String,"First thing's first, this game is worth $5 max, not $15. It does not control well, and for a game, seemingly, all about doing things quick and efficiently, that's fatal. Your character moves clunkily, not great for a platformer.  Also, constantly, the game is throwing things at the player that slow down the pace; webs that slow the player, jars that must be checked for enemies everytime they're broken, things like this make for a more frustrating experience than is necessary.Sorta feels like a mix between Super Meat Boy and Rogue Legacy, but with neither the sense of a *fair* challange nor the sense of progression.I want to like this game. It seems to have a lot of content to it, but when the game is a slog to get through, that does not matter whatsoever.If the controls are tightened, and the character stops clinging onto every ledge in the general vicinity, and the price drops, and the game adds some sort of reward system to make the game feel aimful, then yeah, it would be worth the time, but right now, no, it just isn't."
,Not Recommended,239350,7834178,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ronny b. gud,No incentive to collect stuff at all if you don't want to make it competitive.
76561198040229366,Not Recommended,239350,12383923,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Zoeymithra,"If you are interested in this game because of references to the awesome old Nethack game, don't buy it.  This game introduces a time penalty that never existed in Nethack and Moria ruining its appeal as a puzzle type game.   If on the other hand you want a really difficult jumping platformer with endless variation go right ahead."
,Not Recommended,239350,18622598,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,I will never understand the love this game gets.
,Not Recommended,239350,12282653,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Crunchy Toe,"Cool game, sadly ruined by that stupid sodding indesctructable ghost that forces you to hurry yow♥♥♥♥♥up or die. It wasn't needed and there is no mode by which it can be turned off. It feels as if it was added right at the last second to increase difficulty or to stop people from exploring and trying to collect as many jewels as they can. Considering that there are enemies already in the game world, why the damn ghost was necessary I just don't know. Seems to ruin the fun for me.Steamworld Dig is infinitely more fun. This however, is redundant because similar games just do it better."
,Not Recommended,239350,8346203,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EXtraDonut,this game is kinda like mario except STUPID AND NOT MARIO
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,239350,7871726,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Captain Camper,This game is capped at 60 fps. Will not play it past the intro until this is fixed.0 on 10 score
,Not Recommended,239350,8063625,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Kierwynn,DO NOT BUY: IT IS NOT MULTIPLAYER LIKE THE VIDEOS AND REVIEWS SUGGESTIt is LOCAL Co-op Only!!!
,Not Recommended,239350,32141222,Posted: 2 June,all,Dennis Reynolds,"Crashes immediately on start. No fix online, even though lots of people have this issue. Ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,239350,30085373,Posted: 21 February,all,ChuckLee,It would have been fun if you didn't have to rush till the end of every stage to avoid being hunted by the 2:30 time limit ghost. Exploring is the best part of the game because you loot and find iinteresting items...but it's totally ruined by the time limit. This game is a waste of time
,Not Recommended,239350,8977868,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,I-am-Salamander,It's terrible with too few fun pieces and too many annoying glitches and game moment's.
76561198108562915,Not Recommended,239350,33324608,Posted: 6 July,all,GameSmashDash,"This is coming from someone who likes games that are skill base versus item base and I'll share my experience with the game.This is one of the item base games meaning that you have to use items more than skill, many traps I ran into I had to use items just to throw it or shoot it to win against a target. You run into areas that are unfair meaning you have to save your items, litteraly this means you're force to go around the level collecting enough gold to buy the next items to save you, in fact drops will kill you so your force to use items. It doesn't take much skill to use an item but it does take skill to dodge a trap.Now some areas I ran into that you're not force to use items, where it's a clear run to the goal, which is fine.Now the skill base things I do like are shaving the people in trouble because those have a risk and reward factor along with juggling between people versus the only challenge being how much money do you have and did you waste too many items?Consvering items works as a challenge when you don't have a lot of items, otherwise the game is easy, though at least in those games they encourage you to think like use time and spacing to kill your target versus, ""you pressed a button! You win!"" When I got an item, it was, press a button and I win against a target. -_- now resident evil 7, you pressed a button! but your going have to think this one through... set back up at choke point or no, push through and hope to find an item to save your life? Versus, ""move around a little bit and you'll be fine!"" Litteraly, the choices are obivous to make in this game, if your very liberal with your items, your going to die, a lot, hell in a couple seconds I made it to the end of a level all because I saved my items!Hell this wouldn't be a problem if I had to be skillful with my items at least."
,Not Recommended,239350,23108776,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BloodyBane,Don't. Ever. Go play Dark Souls.
76561198088271861,Not Recommended,239350,33205112,Posted: 3 July,all,42,I did not enjoy it. Even thoigh I bought it on sale I wish I just bought Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,239350,25594203,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,M⌬rtius,Hard but fun. Yes.
,Not Recommended,239350,29365683,Posted: 19 January,all,napkin man,boring
,Not Recommended,239350,7831259,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Wally,10/10It's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,239350,7828072,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,crowbar,"5/10many people like this game. It has reviews around 90. I dont understand why.I love Rogue-Likes and I love difficult games, so what could go wrong with a 90 rated game? A lot. Here is what my problems with Spelunky are (sorry if my english is not the best):1. People say its a Rogue-Like, but I dont agree at all, at least its a really bad one. First of all in a Rogue-Like I want a lot of items, and with a lot, I mean A LOT. Then those items should be combinenable in some way. In Isaac you get a lot of items, some synergize well, others dont. In FTL you must find a good combination of the weapons you can carry and find a good tactic. In Spelunky, well, you have one ""active"" item and then some very little passive items. The game doesnt change that much with the items, unless you get something like a shotgun, then you are OP.Also what a Rogue-Like needs is not just randomized items, but randomized levels, the thing is, the levels in Spelunky feel waay to random. No level has anything special about it. There are just random blocks, one time you go this, next time you go that way. What I want though is random events (there are some, but very little and not really game changing), and I want extremes. What I mean by that is, that it should feel random, yet you should be able to remember some cool randomized levels you got. Or like in Isaac where you have A LOT of room/enemy combinations. Also the enemys in this game are very boring and per Stage there are only like 4 types.2. Lets get to the Jump´n´Run part. It has classic controls, you cant jump of walls, but you can grab on cliffs. Also with ropes you can make ""ladders"" and whats really cool is, that the whole enviroment is destructible (which sometimes can lead to frustrating moments). You can jump on enemys to kill or hit them with your melee weapon. It feels good, and it controls precisely. The only thing is, sometimes you cant see what is down from you, and you just have to jump and risk death, that can be VERY frustrating if you were in the 4th level of a stage(after 4th level you always come to the tunnelman, where you can make checkpoints).3. The music is okay, it has a lot of tracks. The music is not awesome or something, but also not bad.4. Graphics-style is terrible in my opinion, why it looks so childish? Actually I have no problem with childish, Rayman Legends looks childish too, but Rayman Legends looks BEAUTIFUL. Spelunky just looks very cheap and ugly. This is actually my biggest problem with the game, I dont know why I bought it, I could see the graphics before of course.5. Difficulty. Okay, I like challenging games. The thing is, Spelunky is at times unfair in my opinion, and also when you completed a level, you dont feel like you have achieved something at all. In other games, you have a big boss fight, fight very hard, and then he explodes, you finally beat him and get rewarded with something. In Spelunky there is NOTHING. There arent even much shops were you can spend your money.About money: In my opinion you should be able to get overpowered in Rogue-Likes. Really. In Isaac with luck and skill, you can later have so awesome combinations of Items, those playthroughs are really unique and make hell of fun. The feeling in FTL when you one shot the final boss is just awesome. But that should happen really rare. The thing is, Spelunky doesnt want you to become strong, because it has a pretty big design issue. It is not designed like other Rogue Likes, where you can play through the whole game in 1-2h and then replay all the time. But here you have to play and play, and unlock new stages and continue until you finish (I didnt finished the game, became too boring). So if you would become overpowered, you could rush through all levels and you would beat the game in 1 hour and never play again.An other way to do it is like Rogue Legacy, where you lvl your character and get stronger all the time until you are too overpowered for one area, and go to the next, where you have NEW and harder enemys. But lets not talk about Rogue Legacy, thats a really special way of doing a rogue-like.Conclusion:Now why you should buy this game? There is no reason in my opinion. If you are a fan of Rogue-Likes, buy ""The Binding of Isaac"", ""FTL"", ""Rogue Legacy"", hell even ""Legend of Dungeon"" is better. If you like plattformers, buy ""Rayman Origins"" or ""Rayman Legends"" or some other plattformers. Spelunky has no unique thing in any of its gameplay elements, its not special to me at all. It just feels like a random game (dont understand this wrong xD).I payed 7€ for this game on a Sale and it was not worth it at all. Maybe for 2-3€ I would like it, but I dont recommend it TO ANYONE!I think there is also an iOS version, not sure, maybe as a handheld game it is better."
76561197971506068,Not Recommended,239350,13091725,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Andurin,"Unnecessaryly difficult. Almost impossible to complete. Nothing new, Not fun at all."
,Recommended,239350,30666757,Posted: 22 March,all,Infernalsusan69,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ass dumbass game wont ♥♥♥♥ing work when i do multiplayer ♥♥♥♥ playu gAY DEVELOPER UR MOM GAY fix you're game wtf iu want to play spelunjk at my frend house and it keep crash whhen i try use play game mode u dumb ♥♥♥♥♥ developer indie bad stupid game designinger studeo...............                                -,-"
76561198156377795,Not Recommended,239350,12278013,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,edolson404,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! (for $15)  Not a well put together game.  THe graphics are nice, and what attracted me to it, but there is no cohesive plot or sense of accomplishment and no save ability that I could find.  It would be acceptable to waste 3 to 5 dollars, but for $15 I feel kinda ripped off."
76561197996399943,Not Recommended,239350,31613432,Posted: 7 May,all,vidiot1304,"Can't play this game for longer than 10 minutes without hating it. Really regret buying it on sale, would not recommend to anyone."
76561197972014117,Not Recommended,239350,34194174,Posted: 12 August,all,Benson the Elder,"This platformer is hard and unforgiving. The controls are not very tight. I died multiple times trying to collect coins but instead ended up on the spikes next to the coins. Each time you die, you lose all progress in the current dungeon. Getting to the next dungeon is too difficult. My progress didn't transfer over via Steam Cloud, meaning when I switched computers, I had to redo prior progress."
,Recommended,239350,7996387,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,FakeNameOF,"Challenging, but uber frustrating and unfair game. 10/10."
76561198338009957,Not Recommended,239350,33616770,Posted: 17 July,all,JohnTGD,"I had high hopes.the xbox one was a blast, amnd easy to use. This controls suck! X to whip? NO WAY! I wish I could make the left click my whip, but I tried and it didnt work. And I have no idea how to get xbox controls on it.And the game isnt as fun. Get xbox version its way better! Thanks for reading it."
,Not Recommended,239350,32618156,Posted: 21 June,all,Gamer Matt,meh
,Not Recommended,239350,33289541,Posted: 5 July,all,Assad Babil,"Super boring game, useless long tutorial, stupid princess. Wasting money (1$)"
,Not Recommended,239350,28945311,Posted: 2 January,all,bh_tornado,"Unfair, plain and simple."
76561198123459739,Not Recommended,239350,32748842,Posted: 24 June,all,jeraski,meh....
76561198314120317,Not Recommended,239350,26516766,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GamerzOne,Just want to say this game is nice but problem is i cant play with my friend.I bought this game to play with my friend.pls can devlopers add multiplayer in this game so it can be more fun to play.
76561198009427892,Not Recommended,239350,30388088,Posted: 8 March,all,Etterra,"Having a time limit is pretty well BS - roguelikes don't have timers, and no game has an invisible one. There's not even a clock, and it's short as hell. You don't seem to get life max ups either; the 'damsel' only heals you one point. Overall 1/10, regret buying and regret not getting a refund in time even more."
76561198067668974,Not Recommended,239350,31647243,Posted: 9 May,all,zann1001,"Overrated, repetitive, difficult and boring at once. Maybe I'm just too old for this..."
76561198092537501,Not Recommended,239350,32792028,Posted: 25 June,all,Ancano,"listed as  split screen, no such feature is available, not going to get a mod to do it either, if a game is listed as split screen or co op or anything like that I excpect to have those features available in the Vanilla game. Wanted to play this with a friend, yea that's not happening its single player."
,Not Recommended,239350,33778057,Posted: 24 July,all,robbyt,Probably best to play with friends... who are stoned.
,Not Recommended,239350,28229869,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hox,I didn't like it.
,Not Recommended,239350,25840092,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Did It Hurt?,"After 10 months i still am not able to clear 2nd level,  this is the worst game when it comes to difficulty.  this is one of those games that you will buy and never play.  You cannot save progress, although you can  create a deep a$$ tunnel to skip level. if you are lucky.  Now this game's music is really starting to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off as I am not able to clear the damn 2-4. Game graphics are all great. But its 2016  kindly create save progress. I should be able to save where ever the faq i want to in the game"
76561198273024234,Not Recommended,239350,32142877,Posted: 2 June,all,Kороль,No online co-op is the biggest missed opportunity for this title
,Not Recommended,239350,33058799,Posted: 30 June,all,Sunflower,VERY BAD
76561198042224842,Not Recommended,239350,10318736,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mems,"This game sucks dirty, wet, slimy, dog balls. I do not reccomend. After playing it a short while I felt my brains cells commiting suicide one by one. The creators of this game should be shot on sight."
76561198128466702,Not Recommended,239350,13030074,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Retrograde Sinopessen,Time Limit! No Option to disable it even just for fun. Is no recommendation from me.
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,239350,26589169,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HalfPint,Stunky
,Not Recommended,239350,29593313,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,-
,Not Recommended,239350,25136535,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,wankbum94,The art style made me ♥♥♥♥ing gag.
,Not Recommended,239350,32159505,Posted: 3 June,all,TheFriendlyMann | KO9,"I don't really like the game, it is well done, but its what I think... Can I have a refund?"
76561198060651948,Not Recommended,239350,34299531,Posted: 16 August,all,Centurian44,"This game would have been fun if you didn't have to start the entire game over again everytime you die. There are no auto or manual saves. While you always start over in a different setting, you are never the less starting the entire game over again which I found to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Some gamers think it's great cause it's the equivalent to a hard mode. What it actually is, is a gimmick by the game makers to make gamers think this is a long games and you're getting your money's worth by having you start the entire game over and over again every time you die. OMG! Who wants a ground hog's day game. This game would have been alot of fun, if it had a save mode and you can continue where you last die from, but you can't do that and you can't save so it's makes this game boring and repetitive. Seriously, if you like a mindless, repetitive game played ad neaseaum with no end in sight and have no life then this is the game for you. Me, I'm going to play Trine where the game have saves, is beautiful to look at and fun to play."
,Not Recommended,239350,32157610,Posted: 3 June,all,---Duraceel in the houseE--,nono
,Not Recommended,239350,33859067,Posted: 28 July,all,Mabz-,"It is feels weird and boring, controls are not very good, it is deceptive."
,Not Recommended,239350,34980580,Posted: 15 September,all,DRFTGRPS 大陰茎,You can get stuck on levels by pure chance lmao.Absolute garbage game.
,Not Recommended,239350,12687951,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,IaN,spunky pfpfphahah
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,239350,31434165,Posted: 29 April,all,Plebleb,"crap graphics, mediocre gameplay."
76561197980156403,Not Recommended,239350,32158794,Posted: 3 June,all,Csta,"Stupid graphics, bizarre music, terrible gameplay. Why is this game so highly rated? The game is labeled difficult. I never got past the first level. Yes, it's difficult. It's also really bad. Hour and a half was enough for me. Time to go play something I actually enjoy."
76561198041004122,Not Recommended,239350,32144730,Posted: 2 June,all,Mr. Boot,"Controls are garbage, dont buy."
76561198083046680,Recommended,239350,19155794,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Bill Nye The Nazi Spy,"This game is really fun and challenging. One of my favourite things about this game is the deathmatch, especially with 99 everything. (Stop chucking bombs at me!) It's really hard and if by some miracle you beat the game, you can go to hell, and if you have completed hell i hereby pronounce you a badass. Another one of the amazing things about this game is the levels are infinitely and randomly generated. This means that you will still have fun no matter how much you play. It is definitely my favourite platformer ever. (Maybe not favourite game, it's lagging behind CoD and Assassins Creed) Anyway, i really love this game is it is defs worth your hard earned $15.00. I wish you all a very merry christmas.AMEN"
76561198025119164,Recommended,239350,18871050,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Benignant,Just fantastic.
,Recommended,239350,18840173,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,BombDog,The best game ever made.
76561198051001130,Recommended,239350,18849970,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,black puffle,It is fun but frustrating
,Recommended,239350,18974716,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jhonalyn™,"The Spelunky party game is a fun game.I like the design, the gameplay and the coop mode.Enjoy this if you bought it :)"
76561198050910654,Recommended,239350,18961345,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BigBadBat,All the rage that this game brught upon your heart will mean nothing to you  after you reach  you reach the end of this epic journey.
76561198038485043,Recommended,239350,18964020,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,jottin,I suck at this game but man is it fun.
,Recommended,239350,15564823,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Gicu,I though this is easy game but it doesn't!. :))
76561198044395827,Recommended,239350,5034552,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Iyashikei,Best
76561198122204904,Recommended,239350,19144946,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Larencia,"500 runs, still not beaten the main game, not to mention the additional challenges. Fun, fun, fun and... endless fun! But frustrating as all hell, when you pick up a shotgun, shoot a baddie, get hit by a stray arrow and fly into a spike pit and die.Still fun."
,Recommended,239350,19145063,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,peoplemyage,"I finally beat this game today after dying over 1,100 times. It is objectively one of the hardest games I've ever played, but it's difficult to put down if you enjoy platformers that are challenging. It will test your patience. You will rage quit. And with enough effort, it can be beaten."
,Recommended,239350,19127873,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Run The Jewels,"Very difficult rogue and platformer game, but I'd recommend it if you're looking into rogue games."
,Recommended,239350,30614321,Posted: 19 March,all,Prizma,Trust no one. Co-op is every man for himself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEHmgbLS5Es
76561198064414283,Recommended,239350,19142687,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,PencilHB,The game where dying is almost more fun than making it. 11/10
,Recommended,239350,18804771,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Selth Blackwings,"Dig, find treasure, avoid death! open shortcuts, try again, again and again!best played on a controler if you ask me."
,Recommended,239350,10372633,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,dAsKiLzZ,I bought this game and it was well worth it. This game is an amazing 2D sidescroller to play. Its one of the most challenging games to beat i have played in a while. I would recommend using a controller because it fits the game so well. A key board is kind of awkward to use for me.
,Recommended,239350,10187935,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,FurryFister,"This game is great. Yes there is fall damage but it is easily avoided by grasping an edge. Many people say this game is impossible if you check the achievements look at how many people actually beat the game with shortcuts, then take out all people who use programs to beat it. I never did and i beat it now i just nead to beat it the hardest way possible."
,Recommended,239350,10193985,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,caves n♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032847413,Recommended,239350,10299028,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ItzMatt,"Such a great game, picked it up on sale for £5, such a good investment. And i Completed it!"
76561198075124306,Recommended,239350,10303071,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,sledduh,Spelunky is a difficult rogue like platformer that is one of my favorite games of all time and I think you should go and pick it up RIGHT NOW.
76561198067272817,Recommended,239350,10279615,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dark Harvester,A good game to dip in and out of.
76561198042291372,Recommended,239350,8389156,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DerangedYeti,The crack cocaine of platforming games. You need this game.
76561198074428257,Recommended,239350,10306988,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,xXTOPWOLFXx,"This sets the standard for all rougelikes. it offers so much fun, discovery and frustration. I can't count the number of times that i have screamed after dying or the number of times i couldn't catch my breath i was laughing so hard. Buying spelunky for PC or X360 is great for coop deathmatches that will test your friendship. That being said spelunky is not for everyone. There is a lot of frustrating moments and stupid deaths that can be unenjoyable if you're the kind of person that doesnt enjoy learning from frustrating mistakes. Overall i would reccommend spelunky for its unimaginable depth and replayability."
,Recommended,239350,10307984,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Very Fast Doggo,"I LOVE this game. it is the most fun i have had ever, besides that other fun thing. oh and the meat boy character.... BADASS"
,Recommended,239350,10335806,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,texred,"Spelunky is endless fun.Getting into Spelunky can be a bit intimidating because of how difficult it can be. You're not going to pick this game up and do well. You will be bad at it, even if you're accustomed to platformers that challenge your reflexes. You will be bad because everything can kill you, but you don't know how just yet. As you learn how the game works you might feel like you're making progress, but you'll have a game where a bat will knock you off a ledge into spikes and that'll be it. But you know what? It was probably your fault. Because you suck.This game rewards careful play and planning, and it gets better with experience. If you stick with it, you'll absorb Spelunky on a level that harkens back to when you were a kid and all you could play was Bionic Commando because it was your only game. This time aroud, however, the game is different every time so you'll never master the same level layout and get bored.If you're looking for a game that takes some effort, but gives you a fresh challenge every time, Spelunky is for you."
,Recommended,239350,10337378,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ThePCn00b [TBC],This game is very hard at the start but when you get good there is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do.
,Not Recommended,239350,8322227,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,szechuan sauce,"I tried to love this game but I just wasn't feeling it. Simular to Binding of Isaac in the way that you pretty much start from scratch each time you die except less fun. It could just be me; maybe I was playing the game wrong but after an hour or so of playing I just lost interestSorry :(on the Plus side, the Art is cute and fun; the controls are solid and the achievements were great; I'll give myself sometime away from these kinds of games and come back when I'm feeling more fresh."
,Recommended,239350,10460072,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,altrewin,"Addicting as hell. Probably the best game I've played all year, worth the money even at full price. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,10435697,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,highpriority,Derek Yu is brilliant. This is the greatest platformer ever written.
,Recommended,239350,10454922,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Queen Sidney,consistently testing my patience for myself as a human being by constant frustration at my own lack of ability for the game god why can't I just GET PAST THE FIRST AREAS WHY CAN'T I JUST GET TO THE ICE LEVEL OH MY GOD THESE BATS
,Recommended,239350,10455702,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Cats8HerFace,I blew up and frog and was hit in the head by a rock.10/10
,Recommended,239350,8507968,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,noisyturtle,"I've come around on this title. It's really quite engaging and fun once you get into the groove of things, and there are tons of secrets to discover and unlock. A solid rogue-like game."
,Recommended,239350,10388125,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,IncepTion,nice game to play when bored
76561198065457453,Recommended,239350,8454503,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Indochina,"one of the - if not the - reference for rogue-like games. Very fun, excellent gameplay, inifinite replayability, very hardcore challenge. All the elements for what is already a classic.An indie must have"
76561198058708965,Recommended,239350,8456288,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ugly vikkstar,ITS REALLY GOOD
,Recommended,239350,10783686,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,✪ Kademan013,"Hi, I LOVE this game by playing it on PS3 but I wish this game was on MAC so I can play this game even more!"
,Recommended,239350,10783846,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Devianex929,"It's amazing how quickly this game goes from cheery platformer to horrific deathtrap. This is a game I can see being played thousands of times because it's always different, and always exciting. Beware the scepter..."
,Recommended,239350,10591740,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Thane,"An indie platformer with a lot of love put into it. Spelunky works well as a game for when you just need to kill a few minutes, but it's addicting enough that you could sit down and end up spending hours on it. The game plays well, and is incredibly difficult while remaining fair. Playing with friends also works out very well, but you and your friends will likely do eachother more harm than good in the levels."
76561198025900534,Recommended,239350,10724854,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shylock,Excellent game for those not easily frustrated and/or enjoy continuous defeat with little reward aside from reaching that all too distant level...and then meeting an unceremonious death at the hands of that spike you hadn't noticed.
76561198025759291,Recommended,239350,10724879,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Darth Vuvu,"Brutally difficult, but amazingly rewarding. If you're not the patient type, don't buy this game. But if you like giving yourself a challenge, a la Dark Souls, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,239350,10725079,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gareff,So good I've bought it TWICE!I play it a lot more on my Vita mind you. One of the best time killers going. Always a new challenge and secrets to unlock.
,Not Recommended,239350,8536708,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chris,Got old super quick. Might be worth picking up for one or two hours.
,Recommended,239350,10690065,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xander,"I can't say i have musch experience with this game, it hasn't yet enchanted it's addictive spell on my yet. So  far it's just been an amazing game i would completely recommend!"
,Recommended,239350,10690509,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,|Mrk|`Tonic,"This game is awesome, and it's on sale.  Buy it!"
76561198061232952,Recommended,239350,10690704,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mattismoo,"This game isnt anything like a ""Point and click"" game, because that's honestly how bad i thought it would be. This game has so much character and brings a lot to the table. I wasn't sure about buying this game, even when it was in the sale, but i can't stress how much it is worth it even at full price. If you see it in the sale, please just buy it, especially if you're into 2D/Indie/Adventure games. You don't have to play a lot to see how smoothly everything runs and how much detail they have put into such an underrated game, just give it a go for god sake."
,Recommended,239350,10732812,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jellybones,"Had some fun spleunking with your mom last night, dear reader."
,Recommended,239350,10733559,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RAGE QUIT,You will die a lot.
76561198104059705,Recommended,239350,10738434,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SaltyVerde,"One of the Hardest games I have ever played. The OP arrow traps and spikes never cease to kill me. Yep I suck at this game, therefore it deserves a 10/10."
76561198004818733,Recommended,239350,10759996,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,crazydudejr,This game can and probably will suck up your time once you get into it. Real thought has to be applied when traversing each level. That to me is it's greatest strength. I've had to pry myself away from it a few times. Good for both casual and hardcore gamers.
,Recommended,239350,10760105,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,IamXaq,"This game causes me both extreme joy and extreme rage. I die, often. I complete the game at times. The fun in the game, though, is that every time I die, I know it was my fault and I can see what I could have done to prevent it. The next time I play, though, the levels are different, so the task at hand is not to memorize levels but to develop skills that allow you to adapt to the different situations in which you find yourself. The daily challenge also adds a lot of replay value in a daily, well, challenge, in which you can compete against others to collect the most gold."
76561198046942046,Recommended,239350,10760630,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sir Bum Rofler III,walked into the mine first time playing and was immediately hit by an arrow and smashed into spikes and died. Survived 4 seconds total. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,2604880,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Jolly,"I played this game on the Xbox when it came out. It is a SUPERB platformer that is randomly generated every time you play, so no two playthourghs are ever the same. Since you only get one life for the entire game, the importance of your decisions are magnified. On small mistake could cost you 30 minutes of progress. In the end, the difficulty is what keeps you coming back, and when you overcome a challenging obstacle, the feeling of accomplishment is one rarely felt in video games today."
,Not Recommended,239350,10757402,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Donavan_Laika,"I don't recommend you buy this game if you have windows 8. Constant crashes and bugs make it nearly impossible to get out of the tutorial. Hopefully it gets fixed, otherwise I'm looking for a refund."
76561198028048359,Recommended,239350,10758002,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ShirouWrath,"It's old, good, Duck tales style adventure! Though it's hard as ****. Meatboy and Isaac players will surely find this game interesting."
,Recommended,239350,10758089,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Aesthetic Vegan{Youtuber},"This game is fun not just in the begining, but every single level, it is not repetetive at all although it may seem it sometimes.  This game is amazing, but sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, watch out for the people with boomorangs because there just OP.  Buy this game if it is ever on SALE, it's base price is to high, but on sale I RECOMEND IT."
,Recommended,239350,8430420,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ThePotatomasher,seems like a game you want to use a controller with. keyboard controls are a bit clumsy. seems fun so far
76561198072120148,Recommended,239350,8430634,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Don't Copy That Floppy,"A cute-But challenging game. Good gameplay as you travel through mines, temples, caves, (etc.) And fight your way through tough monsters like Snakes, Skeletons, Spiders, And maybe even storekeepers. Save trapped damsels and find the ancient treasure. Also, there is gold and valubles along the path. You even have bombs to blow mobs, ores, or yourself or use ropes if you get stuck. It is a very good game."
,Recommended,239350,8431249,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,🔑,"Awesome platformer, reminiscent of Paper Mario in animation. Randomly generated levels create a  dynamic experience-- no playthrough is the same. The game is very well made, has a great soundtrack, and is defininitely a recommended buy.  I said I'd allow myself to play one digging-related game, and this was a good choice."
,Recommended,239350,8432051,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,EGGANDCRESS,"Really nice art style, fun fast-paced addictive gameplay. If you like The Binding of Isaac this is a game for you!"
,Recommended,239350,8432147,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BRYoung,"If you like Rogue Legacy, but like getting face F**ked all the time, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,239350,8418148,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,cevapibiceps.exe,"Spelunky is a wonderful game, you will die alot, but somehow it will get you hooked anyway. Theres an unbelieveable excitement exploring unrevealed things in this challenging game and then figuring out different ways to tackle them. A very good mixture of tactics and action elements. And not to mention it barely costs anything given the amount of time you can put into this since every map is randomly generated!"
,Recommended,239350,8418552,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,McDanaldMan SuperiorServers.co,This is a super awesome game really good platformer and great to play with family and friends!Totally recomend it!
,Recommended,239350,8419328,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thrombo19,"It's difficult, but strangely addicting. An easy buy, especially at $3.75"
,Recommended,239350,8419592,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,zublac,Looove this game! It needs multiplayer over the net tho. BADLY.
,Recommended,239350,8419727,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Papashan,"One of my favourite games from this year. Rogue-like randomly generated platformer. Brutally difficult, but fair. You learn through your deaths, and you WILL die a lot, and you will have to restart a lot, as death is permanent. But you will learn. And you will get better.Three main modes - Adventure, Daily Challenge, and Death Match. Adventure is the main mode you will be playing, usually alone, though you can play up to 4 player local co-op. In adventure the goal is to grab as much loot (gold, gems, etc) and make it to the end of each level without dying (often mundanely to a basic enemy or killing yourself by accidentally throwing a rock into a wall and having it rebound and kill you Q_Q). There're leaderboards to compare you with your friends and with the rest of the world, so you can see who you're better than and who's better than you.Daily Challenge is similar to adventure, but everybody plays the same randomly-generated adventure. You only get once chance, and if you die, you're done, no trying again until the next day. The daily also has a leaderboard and is a good way to challenge yourself once you're good at the game.Deathmatch is just that, a multiplayer deathmatch with your friends. It can only be played locally, but it's a ton of fun.If you're looking for a platformer which'll keep you challenged for hours and hours, and provide near endless replayability, this is the game for you. I strongly, strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,239350,8419888,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skywalker,Fun
76561198048697495,Recommended,239350,8420107,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,바트심슨,This is the game of the year for me. Amazing game with tons of replay value.
76561197995103405,Recommended,239350,8420214,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"WAIT, don't shoot!",I love this stupid game!
,Recommended,239350,8420436,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Astral Stalker,"A highly-addictive, difficult platformer. Though it can be frustrating at times, it'll keep you coming back for more.Even after defeating the game, there are still more secrets to fnd and runs to complete."
,Recommended,239350,8420676,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Seachaos,nice game :3 its very funny :D
,Recommended,239350,8420783,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dalton,"After watching the professional League of Legends streamer named ""Imaqtpie"" play this game I decided to go on the magical adventure myself figuring that 3.75 isn't a bad price for game.From my personal experience, I got really bored of the game during the tutorial. I do not think there is a way to skip it but it just BLOWS. like... my god.you feel like the game is pointless and just non fun in general.BUT!!!!!!after the game takes a dramatic turn into fun street and your journey kicks off.(I tend to try and kill the shopkeep and take his♥♥♥♥♥♥but always fail to do so.)I recommend this game to anyone who likes platformers"
76561198057000445,Recommended,239350,8420832,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Doctor Killinger,Dis gaem so gud it maek me cry
,Recommended,239350,8422327,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,C.C.,Awesome but difficult game
,Recommended,239350,8422391,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,45 degree wilson,"Just buy it already.  Ultra tight controls and dying is never a random occurance; it is always the result of your stupidity, your lack of skill, or getting screwed by the random generator."
76561197971609219,Recommended,239350,8422827,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Briareos,"Difficult game, that makes you play it again and again to go further on.Better with the controller, keyboard is kind of messy for this one."
,Recommended,239350,9871803,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,mariopicard,Better than Super Mario Bros!
,Recommended,239350,9874396,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The Mad Poet,"This is the hardest f*cking game ive ever played. If you are thinking about getting the game, it is very fun and has much potential but you will spend 2hours or more trying to beat the first world. It might be a rage-quiter but its still a fun game."
76561198126975019,Recommended,239350,9874952,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,wolfinston85,"I often times wonder why do we need hard and punishing games then i get refuted by something like Spelunky and i stop asking to myself why.Spelunky it's an extremely difficult game, the dungeos that you traverse randomize each time that you die, you can't take memory or attraction to something like that, but somehow you just keep going, you try until you finally reach the end of the chapter, the end of the caves, only to then move along to the jungle and discover that all that you feared has become real, more and more challenges to come with the only power and control of your keyboard and your patience, this doesn't end until the end when you finally played up to a point where you unlocked every character and every decieving little secret, only to then find out that there's a cryptic pathway that leads through even more challenging levels and demises, when you finally get it though, after you played the game for months, daily, you truly feel like an adventurer that just escaped throughout pits and traps. Feeling just like when you used to play those games back with your NES."
76561198121233396,Recommended,239350,9878694,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Nasty Nat3,This game is great. It has great music great platforming and provides you with a challenge.P.S- Try not to rage quit to often
,Recommended,239350,10045868,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,minecrafter,this is a great randomized game to play on a daily bases!
,Recommended,239350,10030729,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,tanukihat,"Ahh the inevitable, crushing defeat and despair that accompanies all roguelikes of all shapes and sizes.  Be they top-down, sidescroller, isometric, or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ FTL is, they all share that common trait: hopelessness.  You will die.  A lot.  And often.  In gruesome fashions.  And then you'll start all the way back over with none of your♥♥♥♥♥♥  And you'll do this over and over and over again until your fingers cramp and your eyes weep and your mouth tastes of salt and sadness.  So overall I give this one a 9/10."
76561198025068620,Recommended,239350,10032750,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,MDecember,"Spelunky is a challenging platformer. I prefer a more casual approach to gaming. I need things like save-points and time to explore. This game is too fast paced and unforgiving for me. Still, Spelunky has redeeming qualities. Certainly there are many amusing ways to die. A ""you vs. them"" record is kept so you can see what you've killed and what killed you. Eventually you can skip levels to kind of continue where you left off. The levels are randomly created. There is also a decent number of special events and unique bonuses added in. Your character can pick up and throw or swing just about anything. Skill enhancing items can be purchased (or stolen) to give you an advantage.Bottom line is if you enjoy a challenging platformer, Spelunky has loads to offer you. If a game without the safety net of save-points makes you shudder, skip this one."
,Recommended,239350,8198956,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Albatrocity,"Spelunky is great! Sometimes, you're almost done with the temple and- bad news -you fall in lava. The game is very Challenging! Then you go back to 4-1 or 1-1 if you totally “died”. I like that there's no “Game over.”. Lastly, I like that it's randomly generated.  Therefore, you do not know where the exit is.I recommend this!-Zola Age 7"
76561197961857455,Recommended,239350,8173466,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ol limber legs,"This game caused dreams of falling spiders...be careful, it gets in your head."
76561198059883939,Recommended,239350,8203794,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SarcasticJynx,"This game is really fun. The game feel is fantastic and it is suprisingly hard, especially if you suck at videogames like me. It really is a must buy if you are into platformers and/or roguelites."
,Recommended,239350,8203841,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Code6,"THE skill based rogue-light platformer. It's hard, and you die a lot, but every death is a learning experience. The difference between a run where you die immediately and an run where you successfully ""beat the game"" is your skill alone. No XP, no leveling, no grinding. Awesome!"
,Recommended,239350,8513650,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Killua is my waifu,It's an amazingly random dungeon diving with high risk and high reward. Great classic game.
,Recommended,239350,7560069,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,brown seagull,More fun when you kill the old men.
,Recommended,239350,8517148,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,PsycoEmu,Freaking addicting but simultainiously frustrating.
,Recommended,239350,8518173,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Wissam.sbeih,A fantastic game.The levels are all randomly generated so its always a new adventure!
76561198046700453,Recommended,239350,8519506,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,PoisonousGARY,Possibly the greatest and hardest game ever made. Have fun dying :P
76561198042055570,Recommended,239350,8619624,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,CL | Chif,"Wow... I've just recently started playing (for a couple of hours) and was amazed at how surprisingly entertaining this little wonder is. I didn't expect much at first glance, as I didn't find the name or the ""cover"" (image-wise) appealing. I was GLADLY wrong.If Super Mario, Super Meat Boy, Castlevania and The Binding of Isaac had a cartoonish love child, this would certainly be it. The controls are tight, the environment is randomly generated while still maintaining a proper balance and order. The way the music blends with everything, and how the ambience is created in such a simple way. It truly feels like exploring caves, and you WILL get greedy (regretting it immediatly afterwards).Truly addictive, a refreshing, innovative, yet old-school(ish) rendition of what I can only describe as an Indie masterpiece.TakeAllMyMoney/10"
,Recommended,239350,8601642,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Beargod,"A terribly frustrating game that get's (maybe) a little easier each time. Do not expect to get very far for the first few hours.Avoid this game if:* You hate failing over and over* You are not good at platformersGet this game if:* You enjoy a challenge* You know your way around a platformer* You hate yourself a littleI usually do not like games like this, as I feel I got platforming out of my system twenty years ago, but there is something about this game which is just great."
76561198084448412,Recommended,239350,8602876,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,bungalow_b,"Highly recommended from friends that play this and just picked it up from the recent sale. Super fun, super addictive, and super hard"
76561197967163658,Recommended,239350,8611216,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Banjo Monger,Die. Die. Die again. Then Die some more. Wonderful!
,Recommended,239350,9141497,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MrBrutusMargina,"Spelunky is basically a Rogue-like with a lot of plateformingso be ready to die a lot and rage. but, if you're a fan of those elements, this is a gem that you can't miss, just know that the replay value is near the infinite and the gameplay is near perfection.Truly, a must play"
76561198067048739,Recommended,239350,9141883,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,fletcherjames197,the most awesome and at the same time the most ♥♥♥♥ing annoying game ;) BRILLIANT GAME
76561198076832097,Recommended,239350,9146065,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,CaptianKiwi,"I hate and love this game, but I'm pretty sure the game just straight up HATES me. So cruel, so annoying, but soooooo damn addicting!"
,Recommended,239350,8997364,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Sausage Man Sanchez,the perfect game for masochists
,Recommended,239350,8934728,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Dreca,"very good game to play with a friend.The gameplay is very easy, but has many little trick and traps fun to discover...the biggest issue is that only xBox controllers work with it"
,Recommended,239350,8968017,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MapleMerkGames,love it
76561198061663626,Recommended,239350,8973824,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,TLoniousMonk,"If you like a challenging platform with endless replay value, look no further. Spelunky is just one of those games that no matter how burnt out I get on it, I just keep coming back. One of my favorite games of all time. Also, if the single player weren't enough to keep you going, the local multiplayer is perfect for a night of beer and video games with your buddies. Would strongly suggest that you play it with a gamepad, however."
,Recommended,239350,9149694,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Poiple,I just can't... stop dieing...Endless dieing.I really just want to cheat and see the end now.
,Recommended,239350,9026586,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Nonbeing,"Do not let the cartoony , childlike aesthetic or deceptively simple gameplay fool you. Spelunky goes in hard, fast and dry, and the only reason it's not r*pe is your consent... which you will begrudgingly offer, over and over, after every rough, bloody thrust.The most maddening game I've played in a long time - EVEN AMONG ROGUELIKES.But I can't stop playing.P.S. F*CK BATS"
,Recommended,239350,9152246,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,thethirdtype,Who ever said they don't make games the way they use to.  Who ever said games aren't tough anymore?  This game is really fun and frustrating at the same time.  Well worth it!
,Recommended,239350,9096931,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Gaijin,Gets super addicting because it's so HARD that you can't let it beat you.
,Recommended,239350,9097819,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ace Defective,Spelunky is the best of the spelunkin best! With honors!
,Recommended,239350,8417323,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pianobear,good
,Recommended,239350,9100083,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,oranges_nom_nom,"A technical Jump-And-Run Adventure game that tests your controller twisting skills all the way to the breaking point. You will have to strategize to really get far in this game. Laughing at your own death is necessary or you'll loose hair and controlers at an astoundig rate, but finding cute cartoon characters dying funny is not that tough of a goal."
,Recommended,239350,9103328,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,graddy,"The daily challenge makes for a great rhythm that mimics life with it's ups and downs. Just like real life, I've only made it to 2-4!"
76561198101474791,Recommended,239350,9072950,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,KezaDez,this is the♥♥♥♥♥
76561197965793335,Recommended,239350,9159677,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Cajun-X,Must.. stop playing...
,Recommended,239350,9161422,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Age,I just hit myself in the head with a rock because I accidentally threw a bomb.I threw the bomb into a shop.I'm dead now.
76561198073374020,Recommended,239350,9162779,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,redwingfan1234,"I've never played a game so obsessively in my life. I was not previously a fan of roguelikes or anything resembling them, but Spelunky has probably changed my perception of them.Watching a couple of podcasts or YouTube videos may help stimulate your interest in this game, as there are tons of techniques that aren't immediately apparent. Don't watch too much though! Discovering all the random things that can kill you are much more satisfying when you dominate them on your own."
76561197961703695,Recommended,239350,9163049,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jahpocalypse,somewhere between fun and rage is spelunky.  die in ways you didn't think possible!  play 2 player for more ways to die!  really great game and also really hard.
,Recommended,239350,8341454,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ROGA,"It wasn't until the PC release of Spelunky that I fell fully down the rabbit hole. Even after hours and hours of play this game continues to challenge me, to create unexpected moments and seemingly unlimited enjoyment. Just when I thought I knew everything Spelunky had to offer I started watching other players and discovered the mind-blowing depth hidden within."
,Recommended,239350,8323342,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Smoka De Coca,This game is a godly opus of hominid achievement. A game of true human emotion in the wake of almost certain death. This art touches me in ways I thought impossible.
,Recommended,239350,3602413,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Dyslexics Untie,Great Game! I highly recomend this to anyone who likes rogue likes!
76561198010272850,Recommended,239350,8323726,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Seabeast,Hey. Do you like exploration? Do you like randomly generated environments? Do you like death to be certain and sometimes instantaneous? Do you enjoy endless replayability? Do you like co op fun? Do you like haunting your friends after you died in the most B.S. way possible? Do you like many playable characters? Do you like patronizing lists that answer your internal questions about a game by asking you a series of questions? Do you consider yourself an intelligent and reasonably attractive person with good taste in video games? Decide the validity of buying this fantastic game via your own answers. Now you are an informed consumer! So go out there and make a choice!#buydisshiz
76561198056649291,Recommended,239350,8324060,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,bound_Allis,"Spelunky is a no holds barred action roguelike with tounge-in-cheek humor and a near infinite level of replayability. Its amazing art style coupled with procedural generation and hillarious chain deaths make every run a joy. A must have for lovers of The Binding of Isaac, and other action roguelikes."
76561198020053183,Recommended,239350,8324394,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,memloy,Very fun random generated platformer
,Recommended,239350,8324515,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Copeland,this game is super hard but that is what makes it fun. every little thing you do in an achomplishment and it may take some time but you will get hooked
76561198022840841,Recommended,239350,8324529,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SomeSayKosm,"Through the endless underground labyrinths, you can find a lot of things; damsels in distress, giant boulders (Indiana Jones style), Anubis the jackal headed god, a city made entirely of gold, hell itself, and death. Lots and lots of death. All of this together makes this platformer one of the toughest and most addicting games I've ever played."
,Recommended,239350,8325349,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Miir,This game is hands down GREAT!!!
,Recommended,239350,8325495,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zieg,"Lots of replay value, great game."
76561197971089934,Recommended,239350,8325833,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,*A-B* *StAtiC*9*,"This is another of those ""why are you reading this instead of buying the game?"" reviews. If you love roguelikes and/or platformers, this is a no-brainer. I was a huge fan of the original release, which, btw, you can still get for free, but this HD-ish remake is even better. If you've played Rogue Legacy or Mario Brothers, you NEED this game!"
76561198058188878,Recommended,239350,8326563,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Who's this Guy again?,It's incredibly cheap at the moment. It's not a walk in the park (You. Will. Die.) Every playthrough is a completely different experience. It looks great on PC. It's an easy choice. BUY IT :)
,Recommended,239350,8326836,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,addMoreCoffee,Why haven't you bought Spelunky?
76561197995631533,Recommended,239350,8327482,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Talon,"A challenging, addictive game.  I played the older version and this is a pretty cool improvement over the original.  A must have, especially if its on sale.  Don't forget there is multiplayer support!"
,Recommended,239350,8328304,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Of[3]k,good game buy it now!!
,Recommended,239350,9940212,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Velox,Probably the most exciting platformer I've played in a while!
,Recommended,239350,10003407,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Boink,"The more you play this game, the more you understand how to get past enemies and traps. It's pretty fun when you know what to do. Very challenging at times, I've died several times all because I made one mistake.10/10 Would reccomend again."
,Recommended,239350,10019494,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Zendian,"This game is amazing. It has endless hours of play as it is randomly generated, yet the randomness still has meaning unlike alot of other randomly generated games. But be warned, this game is incredibly difficult and will probably take 48+ hours of gameplay before you are beating the game."
,Recommended,239350,7523487,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Zengineer,This a great game. Imagine a rogue-like scroller and you've basically got Spelunky. I played it when it was in alpha and it continued to improve with each update.
,Recommended,239350,10025193,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Emily Brontë,"Can't stop, won't stop."
,Recommended,239350,10029103,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,wessltov,"You can play with (or against) four players in the adventure mode. There are area's, each having four stages, in which you have to make it to the exit alive. You can get items to help you achieve that. There's the standard ropes and bombs. You can use ropes to go up or safely go down, and bombs to kill enemies and blow up terrain, allowing you to access closed-off area's or create shortcuts.There's also unlockable characters, but every character has the same abilities. When you die in this mode, you have to start all over again. It's like mario. You have to beat stages to get to the next world. But if you die in Spelunky, it's back to stage 1-1 again!The game is fairly hard. There's no easy mode, you just have to get better. When you die, it's always fair. There's always something you could have done (better), even though you may not have the skill or item required.There's also a mode called ""daily challenge"", in which everyone in the world gets the same stages, and you can try to get a high rank. You can't play this mode with friends though. If you die, you have to wait till the next day to try again.And last but not least, ""deathmatch"". Your goal is to kill all the other players. You can only have four players at a time, including bots (which you can turn on or off).You can play this game on your keyboard or on a gamepad. Note that if you want to play with multiple people, you'll either have to share one keyboard you use gamepads. But even in singleplayer, it's still a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,239350,10071077,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sludge Enthusiast,Spelunky so goooood
,Recommended,239350,5232751,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,The one true Potatoe,"Nice little rage game. If you haven't thought of buying it latly, then do it now. Its worth every penny. Or Euro. Or Dollar. WHATEVER YOU USE!!!1!!!1!"
,Recommended,239350,10009860,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Crocodile Dundee,"This game is easily the most addictive thing I could play. There is so much replay value, that you will spend hours upon hours playing, subsequentially killing yourself off, and starting over. ""But isn't that annoying, starting from the beginning?"" The answer is no. It's a procedurally-generated arcade platformer that will keep you exploring for hours upon hours."
,Recommended,239350,10012943,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,SneakydavE,"Very addicting game. Extremely challenging and the first time beating the ""special final boss"" was a great feeling."
76561197972303306,Recommended,239350,10056329,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Kris,I'm never going to complete this because it's brutal and my fingers betray me.
76561197998694726,Recommended,239350,10057589,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Squidiculous,"My mom loves to come in and talk to me in the middle of the daily challenge, throwing me off and I die shortly after. 10/10."
,Recommended,239350,9070975,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Razi,"This game is a masterclass in clever game design. Everything from the interlocking game systems to the finely tuned risk vs. reward scenarios has a level of polish that would make most AAA go red in the face. Let's do a quick rundown:-The graphics are simple and charming, and do little to hint at how brutal the game really is.-It feels SO good to be ""powerful"" in Spelunky. Nothing feels better than nabbing a jetpack or shotgun. Of course, Spelunky will find a way to kill you no matter how prepared you might think you are, so you can never feel like you're just steamrolling it.-The randomness feels truly random and unpredictable. Nothing like having a Tiki trap set off a bomb frog, who destroys a shop and engrages the shopkeeper who comes barreling towards you, guns blazing.-The secrets, dear god, the secrets. All the little things that have to come into play in order to reach the secret worlds are suprisingly complex and a joy to pull off.My one complaint about Spelunky it that the jungle is so much god damn harder than the ice caves, but other than that it's damn near perfect."
,Recommended,239350,10048768,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,FunkyHoratio,"A great, addictive platformer. Cute visuals, and a good learning curve to gameplay makes me keep coming back to this. Competing in the daily challenge is also good fun."
,Recommended,239350,10052812,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,F4LK5,"Highly addictive, detailed with many secrets to be found and a great soundtrack to boot, if you're unsure about buying the game you can find many, many videos can can found or even live-streamed."
,Recommended,239350,9862223,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Soma is Batman,"Spelunky isn't a game, it's a lifestyle. A lifestyle that will leave you panting and weak, crying in despair after you die for the 800th time. But for whatever reason, you just can't keep coming back. Slowly the levels and achievements that once seemed impossible start to seem more plausible. And after a couple dozen hours, you finally beat hell for the first time, and you think you're done with Spelunky forever. But wait! There's daily challenges!Don't forget, you're here forever."
,Recommended,239350,9869500,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Kurosawa Dia,"A difficult game at first, but it's very fun. I personally recommend playing with a controler for the best experience."
,Recommended,239350,9896133,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Ste5e,Fun and rewarding. Exploring caves like a manly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Jumping on dudes and whipping♥♥♥♥♥♥GET IT.
76561198084219280,Recommended,239350,10758237,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ethu,"Fun game to play, while waiting for something else, such as a loading screen or download/update. :DD"
,Recommended,239350,10739061,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,awesomefuntimes,"This game is great. Takes some time to fully understand the mechanics, but it is worthwhile."
76561198058215181,Recommended,239350,10740119,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ラフタリア- dont shoot its a prank,"Spelunked,died,and died again.10/10 would spelunk again."
76561198071355834,Recommended,239350,10740221,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Will Smith,"Spectacular! Finally an FPS that can compete with little big planet 2!420noscopeheadshot/10""Best sandbox iv'e played all year!"" - IGN"
76561198060970375,Recommended,239350,10741396,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kiri.wings,Fun game but also very rage quit worthy. Whatever you do don't attack the shop keepers!!
,Not Recommended,239350,10743267,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vegedus,"Too hard and too punishing, with no ""catching a break"" luck element as other rogue-likes have."
,Recommended,239350,10746828,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,/////,If sex was a videogame this would be that game.
,Recommended,239350,10747964,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shpydir,Still the procedural champ of 2D platformers. It's kind of mind-blowing how well-balanced this game is. One of my all-time favorites. Heavily recommend.
76561198017722360,Recommended,239350,10750263,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kacsa,It's alright I guess.....
76561198045532175,Recommended,239350,11171589,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Red,"Spelunky is a challenging and unforgiving platformer. This game introduced me to the genre of cruel, but very fun gameplay. If you're unfamiliar with the game and/or are first trying out, prepare to die a lot. I was terrible at the game when starting, and even after 30 hrs you could put me at mediocre. While I love going through games and exploring the cheats/ easter eggs for myself, I was happily surprised when I snuck a peek at someone's run through the game, viewing just how many little easter eggs the game devs packaged into Spelunky.One thing for sure is I'd recommend checking out starting gameplay, reading some of the critical reviews and playing the classic version that is free, to get a better idea if you'd like Spelunky HD.I'd recommend Spelunky to anyone who likes a good challenge."
,Recommended,239350,11184063,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Баклажан,"Awesome little rogue like. Really fun game, Deathmatch is also pretty kewl"
76561198053216695,Recommended,239350,11195527,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,POODLE MANGUS,Spelunky will punish you.You will want more.
,Recommended,239350,9780648,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Young Thugger Hugger,No multiplayer.... WASTE OF MONEYNEVER BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,239350,11191121,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,tibbz,Very fun and addicting game!
76561198092488472,Recommended,239350,10956524,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Maj_Tom,"""Snakes, why'd it have to be snakes!""Infuriatingly difficult but heaps of fun nonetheless"
,Recommended,239350,8599721,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Neincat,Infuriating yet incredible fun.
,Recommended,239350,8599932,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Flying Moose,"I'm addicted to the daily challenges.Kids, stay far away from this title. Its sexy, near perfect controls and enticing procedurally generated worlds may look nice, but this game is actually a hard drug. Not the snorting kind, but a drug nonetheless.Buy this game with caution."
,Recommended,239350,8599968,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,OllyTrolly,"This game is ridiculously addictive, and yet I have no idea why because usually I hate games that want to repeatedly kill me and reset my progress. To get anywhere in this game you need oodles of skill and a healthy dose of luck, because dealing with all the situations that can come your way is a tall order indeed. It's like a randomly generated Mario or Sonic, there are even themed worlds with 4 levels in each, and you can jump on enemies' heads. Except there's more, Indiana Jones creeps in at this point, as you have a whip and your high score is based on just how much treasure you can lift before you die. Not only that, there's a lot of occult and mystery to this game which really makes you want to just give it one more go - there are a ton of random elements that you'll only see if you play it a lot - and there's almost always something new to surprise you and throw you for a loop.Describing this game is pretty hard, so I'd recommend going and watching it on Twitch or something, because it's really quite mesmerising watching people who are skilled at this game. Oh, and play it already, I want someone else to contend against so I can beat more scores :D (I'm not even any good at it, I've only ever got as far as World 2, and that's after 10 hours of play :|)."
,Recommended,239350,8600736,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kilroy's Silhouette,"One of the better indie 8-Bit style games out there. It does suffer however from a big difficulty problem. Where a game like Super Meat Boy is extremly difficult but never comes accross as cheap. This one however always feels like your deaths are not from lack of skill but from cheap tricks, it really brings down the value of an otherwise stellar game. Not the best indie 8-bit game but still pretty good."
,Recommended,239350,8611607,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,CraftyDiam0nd,"Unless you really, seriously hate platformers and perma-death you should play Spelunky.As far as rogue-like-likes(?) go it's quite fair in that deaths are nearly always mistakes you could have avoided. That's not to say it is easy, this randomized platformer will crush you repeatedly in the first few hours but that same randomization keeps you coming back for more.Everything asides from level layouts always work the same way letting you try-and-die your way to becoming better. This process of playing may not to be to everyones taste, but it gives a real sense of you becoming more skilled as a player defeating and navigating levels that seemed daunting before.Even after many, many hours (I play on Xbox too) I'm still discovering new things and tricks which shows just how deep this game goes for, on the surface at least, being a simple looking platformer.One of my favourite games of 2013 and of all time. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239350,8613328,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Run GMC,It's ehhh..
76561198006569213,Recommended,239350,8572471,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Brother Tony,Excellent and extremely difficult indie game.
76561198030039229,Recommended,239350,8575429,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bi Ri Ri Ri,"As a single player game this is awesome, if only they added co-op it would be great. A bit frustrating at times but not so impossible compared to the other ones I have seen so far. It makes you feel like you can do it but in practice its so hard."
,Recommended,239350,8577357,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Moogz,n1
76561198072100012,Recommended,239350,8461972,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,itsKipper,"This game is like Mario, but much more difficult."
76561198009473477,Recommended,239350,8463050,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Iki Iki Tchikiriupow,Put your fedora on... grab your whip... start Indiana Jones' theme...
,Recommended,239350,1885698,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Saxsaxsax,The wait is over. Thanks Derek Yu.
76561198103958427,Recommended,239350,8463267,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,natepettee,This is an addictive game. Lots of fun and rage quits. Its great for those days you are bored and need something to do.
76561198043309311,Recommended,239350,8463379,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nerzid,Nice game for league of legends queues.
,Recommended,239350,8464573,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[FDGT] futbolhombre24,Very fun and addicting.  A good game to pass time.  One of the best platformers that I have ever played.
,Recommended,239350,8467494,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AJ917,you mother 機掰
,Recommended,239350,8508864,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,kevin,Tough-as-nails-but-ridiculously-fun-game. Totally worth it withPLENTYof replayability. Endless hours of fun (and frustration).
76561197972989320,Recommended,239350,8498583,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,PxRx,"Challenging but vastly rewarding platformer with massive replayability. Although it seems like a fun game to pick up for five minutes, hours go by easily."
76561198031148202,Recommended,239350,8498955,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NESR,"Spelunky is a rouge-like platformer (think super mario with permadeath and randomly generated levels). Now I personally love rouge-likes, but many people could find the many cheap deaths irritating. This can make the gameplay really short, but thankfully Spelunky is extremely replayable and should give you a solid 20 hours of gameplay before running out of content.Unfortunately though, this release of the game seems like a port from the xbox 360 version and, though it plays just as well on pc, there are some missing features that would really improve the game. For example, the game either does not support gamepads, or refuses to recognize mine. It's not a big deal because I use a program like joy2key to map keybindings to my gamepad, but it would just be much better if I didn't have to bother with that. Another problem is the lack of online multiplayer. The leaderboards are certainly welcome, but could be much more detailed.I played this game quite extensively a few years ago when it's first version was released for free. In fact, that version is still available, and that is the version I would recommend on pc. If you are a fan of the game, as I am, then getting this Steam release is certainly worth your time as the content has been expanded. But, if you can get the game on the xbox, then I would take that release over this one."
,Recommended,239350,10692927,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cyberwulf,25 Hours played and i only got to the first Tomb level10/10 Would die againIt also gets intresting with a friend!
,Recommended,239350,10693080,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,I'm A Real Gamer,Best game of its kind absolutely worth every... freaking... penny
76561198013022654,Recommended,239350,10693718,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dragon Sized,"Difficulty: Pretty dang hardDeath Count: Roughly equal to Dark Souls. Be prepared for a lot of self-inflicted deaths, tooRecommended Input: Controller, for sureFun?: VeryAddicting?: BorderlineRage-Inducing: YupI mean, it's a great game and you should own it (especially with a price tag of $3.74 during Steam Sales!)"
,Recommended,239350,10695025,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arborus,Buy this game.
76561198000710694,Recommended,239350,10696908,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Coquine Mouillée,"I used to think Dark Souls was hard, then I played Spelunky."
,Not Recommended,239350,10698162,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,democles_pl,"If you like exploring, expirimenting and playing with new ideas in roguelikes. Don't buy this game. The soft time limit in the game kills any enjoyment you get seeing the new levels and exploring.And by soft time limit I mean the ghost that murders you at a touch."
,Recommended,239350,10821602,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mulder,"For the longest time I didn't think this game looked interesting. Boy was I wrong.Very fun, kind of addicting, hard but not too hard. Worth every penny!"
76561198086535230,Recommended,239350,10823114,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Espeonix,
,Recommended,239350,10773866,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheWebsIWeave,"Spelunky is a good way to waste a good couple of hours a day, but beyond that I find that it can get a little tiresome and same old same old. Rogue-likes have to be one of my faveorite genres, because it actually takes skill to progress, but I feel like in Spelunky 'If ive seen it once, Ive seen it a thousand times""Having great fun with it so far, and im sure it will only get better, and for 2.50 or however much I payed for it Im not complaining"
76561198028042314,Recommended,239350,10775846,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SomeBear,"Imagine, if you will, a giant randomly generated cave(s) with various goodies to help you live, plus the simple joy of seeing how far one can go. Now imagine this purpose gaurded by: creatures ranging from adorable to ridiculously harmful for your general health, various traps, random events, shopkeepers, and taking a jump before taking into account potential spikes, all seeming to work in harmony to ensure you never get to have a good relaxing adventure. It also gives you the option to turn the helpless maiden into a pug. Would recommend to masochists"
76561198036996735,Recommended,239350,10776260,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Greenhoppy543,"Although a bit difficult at times (you have to start over once you die).  I've played it for about an hour and had fun the whole time.  Would defenitely reccomend to anyone who likes platformers, or wants to try one."
,Recommended,239350,10828383,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ShiftsEU,Endless spelunking adventures! And always a new way to die that you didn't see coming! :P
76561197960656547,Recommended,239350,10830768,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,bod28,"This is a very fun, very addictive and very infuriating game.  I've played a number of levels and died a number of times but still keep coming back for more."
76561198003539471,Recommended,239350,10834264,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,deep,"This game will never get old , but it will make you rage.Ton of replayability and unlockbles make this game a must buy for any rogue lite lover!"
,Recommended,239350,10787382,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ohurtado07,crazy hard sometimes but super awesome!
76561198013524852,Recommended,239350,10789502,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dragonair,Bought this because it looked like a charming indie platformer that I might enjoy for a few hours. But it ended up being so good that I got completely hooked. The procedural generation is just done so well and the game is a lot deeper (about 400m) than it first appears.Pug damsels forever
,Recommended,239350,11384577,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Dangle-Pee,a snake push me i fell on sacrifice table  and i transforme into a boot10/10
,Recommended,239350,8521543,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rominos2,"Kill monsters, Get your way through the depths, but most of all ...Beware of the shopkeepers !"
76561197996818033,Recommended,239350,8522141,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Civilian,"SImple and elegant in it's presentation.  DIfficult to beat, in the sense that it requires intense familiarity with mechanics and undivided attention.  The game, despite being randomized, is very well paced too."
,Recommended,239350,8523537,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fried Yeti,"In short, this game is amazing.It has a steep learning curve, but once you start to understand the game more and more, it's just fun.All of the levels are randomly generated, I've yet to see two of the same level.On top of that there is a ""Daily Challenge"" where you get one chance to get as much money as you can before dying on the same level that everyone else plays for that day.If you like platformers and discovery, this is great game that is sure to sink hours of your time."
,Recommended,239350,9659387,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,mastermage510,Spelunky is just one of those games that you keep wanting to play. Every play through is a little different! It really creates a unique rogue like game where you're always on your toes watching for traps and trying to save the damsel to get another kiss (+1 life).
,Recommended,239350,9665148,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jangmi,"This game has a tough learning curve for the first hours of playing that can make it very frustrating, but when you get past that, the game becomes unbelievably addictive."
76561198056792073,Recommended,239350,9706944,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Goofbell,"This is the most fun I've had with a video game in a while. It's not a long game, but you'll get tons of play time trying to master it. It took 21 hours and about 150 attempts for me to beat the game (with the non-extended ending) and I had tons of fun in almost every run. This is a game I'll be playing for a long time to come."
,Recommended,239350,7512665,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Dune Tiger,GET THIS GAME.  It is worth every penny!
,Recommended,239350,9709918,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Hyβrid Wizard,i have played the old 8-bit but this is alot better then the 8-bit you get a bunch of different theme for stages and you get many secret levels then just the one and only secret level in the old one
76561198038881526,Recommended,239350,9711070,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Dovahkiin113,"Spelunky is one of the hardest yet most fofilling platformer you can find on the market. There is no character progreasion, just progresion as the player. With its randomly generating levels, the game will be different every time you play, not to mention deathmatch and the daily challange. I would give it an 8.5/10."
76561198029399854,Recommended,239350,8683831,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Gendolfandi,Very deserving of PC Gamer's game of the year award!
,Recommended,239350,4683278,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Capo Ricardo,"You need a 360 controller, but this game gets better and better the more you play."
,Recommended,239350,8687176,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Nitrohite,"Love this game. Just like The Binding of Isaac, this game brings you endless hours of entertainment without repetition. It has a superb soundtrack and a really engaging gameplay; it’s a game that definitely challenges the player each round."
,Recommended,239350,8631244,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dorky Panda,Amazeballs
,Recommended,239350,8631231,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"I would totally recommend this to gamers who love random platform games that are short and difficult.The basic idea is to make it to the end of each floor and every four floors you turn in stuff to open a short cut.  Along the way you get weapons, buy power up items, save people, and sometimes find big secrets.However when you die - unless you unlock a short cut, its start from scratch.  I had a good 10 hours or so goofing around in the game, but did not get around to beating it since I am not as good or lucky at these types of games.  After trying to get the gold key from the first area to the end of the third area without dying for 3 hours, I gave in and realized that I would need to be very slow and methodical if I wanted to beat it... but with so many games to play I lost interest.The fourth zone (floor 13+) and space ship (Optional 13+) zone are 5X more difficult than the first three zones.  I image it might be easier with multiplayer but I don't know.That doesn't take away from the fact that I had a solid 6-10 hours of straight up good fun and laughing at my deaths.  This game is on the random/hard side so nothing casual about it.Totally worth it!"
76561198004282676,Recommended,239350,8641596,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Buddah,"Nice game to pick up and play. But brutal if you're not careful!Can play for minutes, or get sucked in for hours!"
,Recommended,239350,8642249,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Chungus,"Spelunky is one of the best platformers I have played, it is challenging and the music is fantastic. The sprites are detailed and the enemies are diverse. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,239350,8644759,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Trigger,"The ultimate casual game! Very tricky at first, slowly the world starts to open up, you find yourself cursing the game and saying ""just one more round"" then playing for another 2 hours or more before you close it. I play a few rounds before work, then again when I get home. Great way to kill time."
,Recommended,239350,3666072,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Tronkenstein's Monster,"This game hates you, and doesn't care that you play it. And I ♥♥♥♥ing love it for that. Buy it, give it your money, Spelunky deserves it."
,Recommended,239350,11299071,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Cpt. CapsLock,Great platformer! You die a lot but once you get an idea of how everything works it gets easier! It is like SUPEr hard at first but stick to it and you will get better. I would STRONGLY recommend using a controler for this.
,Recommended,239350,11300261,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Knifarious NITSUJ,"Holy mother of god.Not since The Binding of Isaac and Super Meat Boy have I been so mind crushingly obsessed and horrified simultaneously just by moving around.Spelunky holds its own as a marvelous tribute to retro-classic twitch demand of motor skills and attention. The variety of quirks this exploration-platformer holds up its sleeve pour an endlessly entertaining menagerie of traps, enemies, treasures, characters, and level variants. All of this equates to pulse-pounding excitement as you falll through every square block.The visuals are ominously charming while maintaining shocking brutal death scenarios. Each hand drawn animation looks lovingly cared for and holds the emotion of Saturday morning cartoons. The distinct style pushes Spelunky into the realm of adorably memorable.The music at times seems inappropriate, but I'd be damned if I claimed it did not augment the experience with tracks that are purposefully baiting into the depths of the unknown.Along with imperfect perfection rogue-likes of similar caliber such as The Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain, Spelunky astounds and develops the potential of the simplistic. Spelunky will last forever."
,Recommended,239350,11359109,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,highlysuspectusername,"You're gonna die.  And it's going to make you angry.  So angry that you'll play again and die.  In a short period of time you'll like dying.  I've mastered many of the techniques I've seen even speedrunners use.  But I've still never beaten this game.  But I still like dying. This game can take hours upon hours of mastering and you can still ruin an entire run with the smallest of mistakes.  This game is very addicting and I think everyone should play it for at least an hour to get a feel for its difficulty, but also its reward, even in death."
,Recommended,239350,11240388,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Rossifus,You will die.  So many freakin' times.  But it's worth it.
,Recommended,239350,942429,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,twzt,Rick Dangerous meets Rogue. Most excellent.
,Recommended,239350,11465485,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ZooGrrr,Worlds best time waster right here. 50+ hours invested and still haven't beat a single run.
,Recommended,239350,11452191,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Sleek Weezles,"GAHHHH this game.  I love it and hate it.  It's incredibly charming art style, the cuteness of the pug.  It's charm belies the evil nature of this game.  I love it intensly, but I don't think it's mutual.  This game can be brutally hard, but incredibly rewarding.  9/10 (I can't give it a full 10 because I've only made it a few stages in lol)"
,Recommended,239350,11324361,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,tale_zero,"10/10 Like Dark Souls, but not. Plus I don't own Dark Souls."
76561198097837600,Recommended,239350,11304371,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ocarinadragon,"spelunky is a great fun game to play alone or with friends, great art style and game play one of my favurite games to play"
76561198054610823,Recommended,239350,8527408,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,OneBigBean,"Play, Die, Laugh, Restart, Play, Get to the next level, Die, Laugh, Restart.PS: play with a friend"
76561198107902678,Recommended,239350,11335868,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Oreo Plays,Fantasticly cruel.
,Recommended,239350,11329095,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,K!netic,"I picked this up without researching; thinking it would be a fun local coop game to play with a casual gamer. But I was wrong - the game is decidedly hardcore. Practically everything can kill you, and it takes care and skill to navigate each level. It's easy to mess up. But every element in the game follows specific logic. You can spot most anything before it attacks you, and it gives you plenty of time to figure a way around (or through) it.It seems best played with a controller, and there are some very annoying tendancies for your character to cling to edges that you really didn't want to cling to. But otherwise the game doesn't arbitrarily limit how you move or fight. It's fast, it's fluid, it's rewarding.It's got local coop, which makes the game more challenging because of friendly fire. But either single or local, it's fun and worth the price - as long as you're alright with its steep learning curve."
,Recommended,239350,11247337,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Soggy Wristies,So many deaths.10/10 would bang
,Recommended,239350,2227966,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Rowbot,"The most fun you'll have being trolled... no, really. You haven't lived until you've had some bald dude you bought from some shady guy in a cave (as if human traficking isn't shady enough) throw a boomerang square at the back of your head, shaving off that last point of health you had as you were about to go farther into the game than ever before... or the countless times you get flung two football fields away from a bat perfectly into a pile of spikes... or the times when you try to dodge a trap, only to take double the damage you would have had you just taken it like a man. SCORE = 4.75/5 Gold Farming Yeti Cave People."
76561198009798031,Recommended,239350,11391591,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Clown Vomit くそ,"Until I am cured of my spelunky addiction, I guess all I can do is keep playing this game."
,Recommended,239350,11392840,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,=TNW= Maximus,"Brilliant game! Even though I've played for a decent amount, it still isn't boring. What I like about Spelunky, is that the levels are never ever, EVER the same. Get the game now."
,Recommended,239350,11373085,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Torment,Terrible addictive
76561198038786514,Recommended,239350,4542699,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Elvenus,No doubt it's roguelike masterpiece :)
,Recommended,239350,11375867,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Neonroad,"Amazing roguelike platformer, offers hours and hours of endless fun. If you enjoy games that never get old, Spelunky is the game for you!"
,Recommended,239350,8071484,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Goob,"Who knew a game could be so simple, yet difficult and complex.  So good.  I wish I was better at it."
,Recommended,239350,8082733,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Jakc,best game ive played in a while but highly frustrating when you fall victim to the many traps and enemies throughout.Overall really great game so buy now and get spelunking!
76561197987568720,Recommended,239350,8083200,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Justin,"Old-school 2D platforming done right! Addicting, great controls, cute graphics and sound. But oh, is it so unforgiving! Still tons of fun, especially multiplayer!"
,Recommended,239350,8142169,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,bq,"Get shot by arrow into spikes or accidentally use your whip to tickle the shopkeeper, either way you're gonna die."
76561198044842390,Recommended,239350,8143494,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mrmufler,"Pretty good game, a lot to do and a great replay value!!!"
,Recommended,239350,8217168,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Uncle Gu,"One of the most addicting and challenging gmes I've ever played. It's the perfect game to kick back and enjoy while listening to an audiobook or podcast. The best part is that the fun doesn't end even after you finally conquer it, there's a hard way to beat the game and there's a lot of achievements and self-imposed challenges that make the game all the more fun and adds near infinite replayability. It has become one of my all time favorite games and definitely worth every last penny (the best part is it's cheap!)."
76561198037273380,Recommended,239350,8217527,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ceefa,A first glance at Spelunky may look like a goofy little platformer but that exterior hides the insideous machinations of a clearly sadistic game developer.Spelunky is a rare breed of a game that manages to be brutally difficult while becoming an insatiable addiction. The game stays fresh because every time you play the levels are laid out differently so you don't always know exactly where everything is. This makes every playthrough feel so much more organic and exciting. Almost every time you die you know it was your fault and every failure is a hard learned lesson you will not soon forget. The environment is distructable too which completely changes the way you play depending on what equipment you've managed to get your hands on during that playthrough.There is a multiplayer feature and it is one of the most hectic experiences I've played. You definitely want to make sure your friends play the single player enough to understand the fundamentals of the game. With the right group of people it is delightfully chaotic.I first purchased the game on xbox live and sunk a ton of time into it which is why I don't have many hours put into it on steam.Spelunky is a wonderfully crafted challange that doesn't pull any punches and will keep you coming back for more.
,Recommended,239350,8005833,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ThomasThomas,"This game is great, probably one opf fave game this year.i've bought it for my PC, my ps3 and my psVita. can't get enough of the spelunks"
,Recommended,239350,8006328,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Two,"All kinds of fun things to do and see, and all kinds of ways to die horribly."
,Recommended,239350,7636296,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Entrusted One,Super fun and addicting. 8/10.
,Recommended,239350,69958,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,CarlCX,"Oh, she's pretty, that Spelunky. She's fun, too. You can hang out, you can party, she has all kinds of awesome friends. You think everything's great! Then you get to know her. You get to know the truth.Spelunky hates you. Spelunky hates everything about you. Spelunky wants you to die a thousand agonizing deaths. And Spelunky won't even give you the benefit of taking the balme. Every death you die was entirely preventable: Every death you die was entirely your fault.♥♥♥♥ you, Spelunky. I hate you with every fibre of my being....I'll see you tomorrow."
,Recommended,239350,7656440,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,SnAke_NinjA,"Why is this game so hard, yet so addicting!?"
,Recommended,239350,8007474,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,asdff,"bretty good, 6/9, would play again"
76561198091986804,Recommended,239350,8011733,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,papacrack,best game on stream by far
,Recommended,239350,387076,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,PopinFRESH,Endless Replay-ability... Awesome Game.
,Recommended,239350,7999271,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,spiderslayrz,Dark Souls in a side scroller
,Recommended,239350,8000851,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mr. Turniphead,A treat with sharp teeth.
,Recommended,239350,8004847,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Christoph,A highly fun and heart wrenching game you gotta save the dog
,Recommended,239350,1454656,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Argonaut,"Oh man this game is awesome. It's a randomly-generated platformer that feels an awful lot like a roguelike. It's challenging, gorgeous, and clever. It's a refined verison of the freeware orginal, so if you're interested, you can download the old version to try it out.One of my favorite time-waster games."
76561197993264460,Recommended,239350,7589322,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,schreck,TRUE LIFE!
76561198063821336,Recommended,239350,22506931,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Not Venusaur,"There's controller support, but I wouldn't recommend it seeing as I've broken two controllers by throwing them across the room when I play this game."
76561198125988109,Recommended,239350,13146552,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Salufo,A terrific platformer that I keep coming back to every few weeks.  The levels always present you with interesting decisions and risk/reward scenarios.  If you like platformers you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,239350,22466921,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,yelnats248,"Delightfully difficult, and infinitely replayable. If you are a fan of platformers and or roguelikes, Spelunky is a must play."
76561198001570498,Recommended,239350,21690920,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Gods Will,"Playing Spelunky is like owning a tank of exotic fish:It’s interesting, pretty and can do a lot of fun stuff, but if you overlook or forget a SINGLE one of its 15 hundred instructions on how to care for it properly, you’re gonna be cleaning up a lot of dead bodiesThe game is definitely cut from the same cloth a lot of nut bustlingly hard, randomly generated, rouge-like games are nowadays. If that’s your cup to tea then definitely check it out. Just be prepared for the RNG to screw you over more than once.My personal rage inducing moments are:- When the shop keeper was damaged my something that wasn’t me (i.e. giant boulder, arrow trap, etc.) and blows my damn head off for it. This happened numerous times and he even holds a grudge in future levels-A Monkey stunned me and I fell on an ancient sacrificing platform and was offered to the gods as tribute- A thrown arrow missed, bounced off the wall and impaled itself in my face, knocking me off the platform head first into spikesAnd for the love of all that is holy, don't play multiplayer! You will kill your friends in both the game and reality"
76561198060120989,Recommended,239350,21517786,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,yummy snack in me tummy,godammit I fell into a spike pit again out of ten.
,Not Recommended,239350,21794084,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Thinzy[:3],"I like it and don't get me wrong it is a good game... But even though this game has been out for a little while I really wish you could change the tutorial a little so, you know, you can't die? It would be quite helpful since it took me what felt like an hour to get to the real part of the game. I really didn't want to put this game on the negative side, if you could meet it in the middle that's what I would do. But for now I'm leaving it here. I really don't want to put any hate onto this game it's just I don't like the tutorial and how long it takes to actually begin."
76561198075361967,Recommended,239350,21817726,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ponyo.,DIffucult but fun platformer
,Recommended,239350,22406760,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SquigM,"Easy to pick up, hard to master. After almost 30 hours of play I've only made it to world 3-1 but I keep coming back for that ""one more go""."
76561198039941104,Recommended,239350,22137059,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,squashydavey,"Punishing is the word that comes to mind when I think about spelunky. this game is hard and unforgiving but at the end of the day it is still fun. I own this game on many plateforms and it is one of the first games i think of when i just want to open something up and have a good time. it brings back that old arcade sensation of ""ONE MORE GAME!"". if you are looking for a solid indie title that is also one of the greatest videogames of all time, i think spelunky might be right for you."
,Recommended,239350,22207142,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Quad9363,You'll spend your life becoming a master at it and still end up dying in the first level.10/10
76561198086756096,Recommended,239350,17182971,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,GAVINgavin,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,239350,22215279,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dank memer,More than your average platformer
,Recommended,239350,12296886,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,blastcow,This game is crack and it never seems to get bored.   I play it a lot while listening to podcasts!  Still haven't beaten hell though :(
,Recommended,239350,22311486,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Axxie,"There's nott another rogue-like like it, imo. Love the game."
,Recommended,239350,21396780,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Shirtless Putin,One of the best games ever. Someday I will make it to hell.
,Recommended,239350,22270464,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Alan Coolton,Is good n fun
76561198119592067,Recommended,239350,22275622,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ZEROdata97,this game is frustrating but very addictive
76561198180703559,Recommended,239350,22311050,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Carlton Banks,It's hard. But that's what makes it good
76561197964235151,Recommended,239350,22385197,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mrhat,"It's just a lot of fun! Simple to play, hard to master. Shiny loot, fun gadgets, great replay value. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,22521589,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,~Jimmy_Two_Shoes~,fun
,Recommended,239350,8670625,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SergioFonseca,Difícil mas muito legal
,Recommended,239350,8648812,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Deano,love it challenging but very intresting so many strange things in this game if you find some different items progressing finding more hours/money defnitely worth it £6 and 30 hours still very interested in it havent even defeated first boss definitely recommended
,Recommended,239350,8650863,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sleepy Setto,Get rekt
,Recommended,239350,8652828,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,|αη| Baron von Bean-Jam,"Spelunky is a magnificent little treasure that dates from the caves of 2009, where it made its pixelated debut as freeware for PCs everywhere. It returns here as an HD updated version with some additional content and a price tag attached. But do the changes justify a cost and should one bother to check this title out? Heck yes, and here's my nonsensical rationale why.In this cave spelunking rougelike, the basics are easy to grasp. You should have them down within your first couple of efforts. Will you win in those attempts? No, you'll be destroyed. Will you learn more with failure? Yes, most definitely. This is a game that tests your skill, patience and luck at every opportunity it gets. It can be utterly ruthless or fairly lenient with level generation, but even the easiest of layouts can kill you by health attrition if you're too careless or you expend all of your utilities needlessly. But eventually, through stalwart perseverance, you'll make it to the end and get that taste of sweet victory only a successful Spelunky playthrough can provide. And then you'll do it all again in order to see the real ending or try your luck at getting some ludicrous challenge completed.While the graphics, audio and some mechanics of the game have been quite improved (did I mention that the HD version includes a brand new fifth world with its own boss?), the game has also seen some things that have since been removed. Notably the level editor that was included in the original that allowed players to let their creativity and inner sadist run rampant and unleash those levels upon unsuspecting downloaders. Yep, that's gone. Different characters having their own unique gameplay quirks also got the axe. Playing as the unlockable Tunnel Man in the original allowed you to have a permanent mattock instead of the whip, at the cost of starting off with only 2 HP in place of the standard 4. Had this been included in the HD version, I feel there would have been a much more diverse set of playstyles available to noobs and vets alike. Oh, and plenty of hours to burn recreating levels of other games via the level editor as well.Fortunately, you'll still be doing plenty of hour burning anyway because this game is downright tasking in terms of difficulty. I'd say it's a tad easier than the original (hitboxes seemed more wonky there), but that's not to say that it's easy in the slightest. You're looking at a 10+ hour title full of fun, frustration, learning and grave desecration here. I'd recommend this title even to those who don't like difficult games, though that demographic may want to wait for a sale (by the way this is, in my opinion, one ofTHEbest deals you can snag) to happen.In the meantime, I give this game a solid (and quite possibly golden, in context with the game) thumbs up and implore anyone who happens to read this to give the original a go beforeorafter you play this version. And if the developer reads this and happens to plan to make a sequel, online co-op in tandem with local would really be a treat."
,Recommended,239350,8657209,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Novite,"This game is AWESOME. One of my favorite platformers ever created. It's a roguelike platformer adventure game. You're basically Indiana Jones adventuring through old ruins, grabbing treasure, killing baddies, and trying to make it as far in to these ruins as you can. The gameplay is SUPER challenging, but very rewarding once you get the hang of it.To top it all off, the PC version has a daily challenge mode, which is a set map for EVERYBODY that plays it that day. You make it as far in to it as you can, and grab as much treasure as possible, and when you die, your score is put up on the highscore board for that day, and you can see how you compared to everybody else who did the daily challenge that day. It's awesome, and more games should include features like this."
76561198083091216,Recommended,239350,8674233,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,UltimaHeartless,"This game.....Well, yes, I recommend it.  So long as you have patience that matches the amount of areas you can divide a circle in.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great game...But it's HARD.  Well, not so much hard as unforgiving.  Make a mistake?  Die.  Then learn from it, simple, right?  Not so when you've finally made it to Olmec, and jumped left when you should have jumped up.  Things like that.  Great game, and I'm sure beating it will provide with it's own reward.Although I've never beaten it YET..."
,Recommended,239350,8674298,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Zverd,My name is Zverd and I recommend this game
76561198070603263,Recommended,239350,8533930,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TurbanEnglebert,"This game is infuriatingly good. I keep dying and dying, but coming back for more every time! Great platformer"
,Recommended,239350,8406062,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Кот в сапогах,"Indie GOTY for me.Spelunky is a roguelike platformer with randomly generated worlds with plenty of different mob's, collectibles and thing to see that will make you curse more than you have ever beforeThe game is challenging, but never feels unfair, cause you know, that it was your mistake that you fell to your death, got killed by the slow moving zubats (bats), cause of badly timed action move, or killed by the boulder that you didn't hear.Adventure mode is where its at, cause u want to reach the end of the game. Even then you want to see how fast you can finish the game , break your cash record or see if it becomes even more challenging , which it does.Multiplayer , atleast for me, is a bit too chaotic , but nevertheless, good fun.Best platformer / roguelike in years, even liked it better than BoS and RL!"
76561198055337933,Recommended,239350,8536585,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Flaccid Flamingo,"In this game you will either punch your screen in or burst out laughing.The only bad thing about this game is how you cannot play the clasic adenture mode online with friends, you can only do it localy. You can still play online in other modes however so it's not completely worthless. So if you want to buy this game to play with friends I wouldnt recomend itIt has endless replay value because of the random level generators. Although there are tunnles that allow you to skip farther into the mine after you reach them so many times the game gives you the insentive to always play from the start so when you do enter those areas you have more items and health to support you for the harder moster that do more damage.There are things in the game that will seem crazy and make you want to just quit like the fact that you only have 4 health and you can only get 1 heart per level (with the exception of buying kisses). Each enemy does different ammounts of damage and it will increase as you advance through enviroments. There's the fact that you can be stuned and knocked back when damaged in mid-air and will not recover until you touch the ground. I cannot count how mant times I have been attacked by bats or hit by an arrow while falling and bounced around only to land in a spike pit (Insta-death if you wall on them but you can walk through them on ground level). There's also the fact that if you stay in each level longer than 1:30 seconds I believe, a giant ghost will come to and kill you on contact. This gives you not a lot of time to explore and get all of the goodies out of each level but does help the game move along quickly. However, if you do manage to play long enough and get past some of these features it makes it more fun and challenging.There are a lot of neat features too that really make the game a tad bit more fun The controler support makes the game easier (to me at least) and is a very nice bonus to have. getting tired of the look of that abused princess you carelessly pick up against her will to use her as a shield against arrows or maybe throw her at enemies to kill them, You can change her into a dazzling Hunk or even a little cute fat pug, or have it where every level has a chance to generate one of the three. Theres also a log book which tracks all you stats (fun in any game to see how you are doing) it keeps track of overall deaths in the game, time played, money found, the items you find, the enemies you incounter, how many of said enemies you have killed as well as have been killed by, and locations. Although you may not find yourself ever using it, I thought it was a great addition to add to the game. Every level also has a chance to make it more of an event. Like maybe it being completely dark and using a torch to light your way. Maybe there are nothing but spiders everywhere or a pit full of snakes. These events as I like to call them can either make you happy or scared and theres no telling when they will happen. And one of the most key features that I found the most intresting is the fact that you can steal things from shops. However when ever you do the shopkeeper will spaz out and chase you down like a drunken hobo that has ADHD with a shotgun. Whenever you harm a shop kepper or damage his shop the same thing happens. After you become wanted you can walk over any shop items and you automaticly pick them up, however every shop keeper even in the next levels will chase you down and try you kill you, there are also guards at the end of the level to try to stop you... and they all have shotguns... I would advise not to♥♥♥♥♥♥them of just to make your game easier... (Pro tip: whenever you grab the idol in the mines and the giant bolder comes down and crashes through the entire level, if it damages any of the shops you will be deemed a terrorist and shot by the shopkeepers, to be safe don't grab the idol in the mines if there is a shop in the same level)The overall gameplay of the controls reminds me a lot of Super Mario World 2 Advance for the gameboy. The looking up animation and crouching seem alsomost identical. Plus there is a cape with does basicly the same thing as the mario version!  Personally to me this makes the game more fun because of the nostalgic feeling it gives me.Overall to me the game seems like a mixture of Super Mario World 2 Advance (over all controls and handling), The Binding of Issac (gameplay features), and Indiana Jones (theme).TL;DR version: Get the damn game."
76561198061830157,Recommended,239350,8536749,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,swagyolomoneyimlonely,this game is great an easy 8.5/10
76561197970864616,Recommended,239350,8537321,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Settastu,"Great game, very addictive but also very difficult!"
,Recommended,239350,8537809,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Cobra Kaun,"This is quite honestly my favourite game on Steam, and perhaps on any platform. If you're a fan of platformers this is a must buy. The controls are very slick, the gameplay is unique and rewarding, the random levels make the game feel different no matter how many times you play it.Some people complain that random occurances can just outright kill you, but I think that it easily part of the fun. Remember, in roguelikes that dying is all part of the fun."
,Recommended,239350,8539745,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rolek,"When I got this during the XMAS Sale, I did not know this will be so much fun :) I usually do not play platformer games, but this one is an exception !!! Must have. !"
,Recommended,239350,8540476,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zakkachu,Everything kills me... 10/10
,Recommended,239350,8566709,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,motorcobra,Who includes local co-op in a PC game released in 2013 without online co-op? Game is just as fun as the original gamemaker version.
,Recommended,239350,8554169,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Stryker25B,"The golden idol sits in an empty room in front of me. Anticipating the trap, I toss a grappling hook as high as I can, grab the idol, and climb for dear life. Kali is not happy with the theft, and a boulder hurdles through the area I once occupied, destroying walls, traps, and monsters as it rolls along. I make for the exit, idol in hand, when I hear the telltale shotgun blasts of an angered shopkeeper and I know my chances of exiting the mines alive are slim to none.Spelunky is an action platformer with a difficulty like the days of old, or maybe I'm just not as quick on the gamepad as I used to be. The premise is that you are an explorer armed with your trusty whip, fedora, and insatiable desire to plumb the depths of the mine for treasure, riches, and damsels.You start with your whip, 4 hit points, 4 bombs, and 4 grapples. You may (or may not) rescue a maiden who will add 1 hit point at the end of the stage. You may (or may not) find an arsenal of bombs, grapples, and other items throughout your journey. Every stage is random and getting to the exit in one piece requires careful platforming and some tactical thought. You will die, a lot, but rather than being discouraging death only seems to steel ones resolve to delve deeper next time."
,Recommended,239350,8457070,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Svenddv,Love it. Weird little roguelike platformer/exploring-game thats super punishing if you're not careful. Great for short play sessions and it always feels like you've made a little bit of progress even if its just another notch on that wall counting your deaths.
,Recommended,239350,8457508,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,L'Emmerdeur,i a can get ot about 1-3 . then it always goes to pieces.  and then i go back for more.
,Recommended,239350,8459491,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Vandragorax,Very compulsive platforming.  Easy to pick up but difficult to master!
,Recommended,239350,8596965,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dugle,"What happens when you take Super Mario Bros, Dungeon Crawl and Indiana Jones and roll them all together into an unstoppable video game juggernaut? You get SPELUNKY! A randomly-generated platformer, Spelunky is a game about collecting dosh, killing baddies, and dying in spectacular ways. Using a wide array of tools and items, you guide your spelunker to the final floor of the ruins in search of the ultimate treasure. Adding on to the spectacular gameplay of the free game, Spelunky HD boasts several new features including controller capability, new zones and characters, a host of new challenges and a leaderboard and daily challenge so you can laugh at how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ your friends are! Toss these features in with engaging gameplay and intense replayability and you have a game that you'll come back to over and over. I wish all Indie Games were this enjoyable!"
,Recommended,239350,8598195,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,GST | Hatred,A stunning game with peerless gameplay. Random maps are generated every time and this will keep the excitement on the top level that hold you in the game without boring. This is one of the hardest and annoying-challenging indie game. You will try to continue but it'll be hard to achieve. Beautiful level designs and beautiful game. Thanks for creators...
76561198072074132,Recommended,239350,8598629,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,法国人,"This game.......Enough said.10/10 for sure.The daily challenges add infinite playability, along with the extreme intenstiy of the Co-op deathmatch mode. I highly reccommend it to the casual indie gamer."
76561198116702582,Recommended,239350,8599493,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jared Scott,"You will surely have endless fun and this insanely difficult randomly generated fun game.  If you watch some of the game you will know a whole lot more!  go onto youtube and type wittzgaming.  You will learn alot from him and see why this game is amazing!   This is by far just the best game I have ever played out of all I have tried.  You can just consider yourself addicted once you buy it.  And if you are bad, don't worry.  You will for sure get better.  I have just beaten it once, and I have earned myself over 1225 deaths.  Just buy it!"
,Recommended,239350,8599717,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,apexthief,Simple to learn frustratingly complex to master good for hours of fun. The gameplay is well balanced and full featured you will definately get value out of this game. I can't stop playing it.I like that the levels are random it is unique every time. I can't think of anything negative to say about the game.
,Recommended,239350,8585642,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Akira,"Great Game, I recommend this to anyone looking for a good adventure game! Endless Play time and enjoyment!"
,Recommended,239350,8586708,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Poloforfido,Tough as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239350,8587729,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jerry Mandering,"This game hates me, but I keep coming back."
,Recommended,239350,8587828,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,dongrod,"Addictive, frustrating, and all the more fun. Very time consuming and presents a very diffucult challenge but very enjoyable expirence. Would highly reccomend."
,Recommended,239350,8667364,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Strawberry Floofsaur,"Summary: A refreshing game that *could* have come out on the SNES or Genesis, yet took its sweet time, all the way 'til 2009. Consistent, excellent design; plenty of variety, no hand-holding, and a keen sense of humor. Precise controls make this a joy to play, even with a keyboard, and invariably 90% of your deaths will be YOUR fault—the best kind! A grand adventure; a sublime lesson in the value of persistence and the glory of failure.Let's be honest: Spelunky is *hard.* Tough as nails. The good ""hurt me more!"" kind of hard. Expect to rack up deaths in the hundreds or thousands before it's over. (Assuming, that is, you've fully beaten it by then. Casual players need not apply.)However, it's also that rare breed of game where I feel hard-pressed to say ""ah, I but would've designed it some better way"" ... because things fit together so disastrously well. I'm strongly reminded of that Calvin and Hobbes strip where Calvin desparately daydreams about his school being blown up by three or four different things at once... dying in Spelunky is frequently every bit as ridiculous. After all, getting nibbled to death by a lowly bat isn't nearly enough when you can also set off the nearby explosives, get knocked into spikes, have an angry NPC put a bullet through your head for good measure, *and* have him stomp on your corpse as long as you'd care to watch!Being a quasi-roguelike, the replay value is sky-high and there's a number of unique situations to run into. But rest assured that the randomness is well-controlled, such that you can still learn from them. (Although I don't suppose I'll ever know how the damsels get themselves into such helpless spots... good grief!)Tight physics do a lot to help with the randomness, offering plenty of near-misses and dodge potential if you have nerves of steel. Which you will certainly need, because just about everything in Spelunky, no matter how adorable, is exceedingly dangerous, and can spawn in ""you must be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me"" style situations. Lest you start to think this is unfair, though, these mechanics are finely tuned, oozing with attention to detail. For example, the required fall distance gradually increases every four levels, in a way that forces you to learn how to climb safely, and then to budget for items and shops so you can survive later on. And, like most if not all enemies, this kind of thing is predictable... in isolation. It's the hilarious combinations that combine to generate large amounts of rage, cursing, wonderment, determination—and, ultimately, curiosity. That feeling when you hit the next world... amazing.(Those feels when you die 15 seconds later? Indescribable.)Which brings me to the final part, the one everyone hates at first. Probably because, like me, they nearly jumped out of their seat the first time. (I know, you thought the tension was quite enough already, right?)As with old-school Mario, this game has a timer. No, you can't see it, and won't need to, because this is a ""soft"" limit with a meaningful purpose: to teach you to pick your battles. Fact is, most levels in Spelunky can be completed in under 1:30-2:00, and you're not going to be able to squish every monster or collect every treasure, as many first-timers would be tempted to do. To try would be frustrating and counterproductive, as you'd both run out of supplies for later levels and want to ragequit when you lost everything. The point of the timer is to improve the pacing, facilitate learning, and cure you of your gamer OCD. So while I might have liked to grab that last gem, puppy or damsel, I have to conclude that the game is much more satisfying for it.Highly recommended, especially for people who love old-school difficulty—and can keep their emotions in check! (Or, at least, are willing to kiss and make up afterwards.)Note: While well worth it at full price, those not convinced to part with their $15 can play the entirety of the original over athttp://www.spelunkyworld.com/original.htmlfor free. Yay!"
76561198050164112,Recommended,239350,8701050,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Tortilla,"This game, will make you rage, so bad... I swear... this game is horrible, and yet it's amazing.... you really need to get this game because it provides a lot of replayability and a lot OF FUN (Lies.). And also the soundtrack.... if only they could sell the soundtrack."
,Recommended,239350,8713529,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,sprackattack,"This game is not easy. I think there is a lot of content and achievements that I will never see as a result. I wish that there was an easier mode of play to allow at least one completion, but no... the game is freakishly hard (for me)."
,Recommended,239350,8716594,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Dragon Bro,"This game will get you killed so many times, and yet it's impossible to get mad or frustrated. Absolutely funny. Get it now and start sinking hours in it."
76561198036635458,Recommended,239350,8736735,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Nuggetor,"This is an amazing game, for some people. This game brings back some arcade aspects of gaming, while tailoring in a new exploration aspect that was not commonly present. It targets an audience that gets addicted to certian games. If you tend to get extremely into games, and, without regarding anything else, just full on attack a game, never discouraged, wanting to see all it has to offer, this is for you.Within Spelunky, there are two experiences that can be had. Both are quality, and either will lead to a good experience.The first is to, literaly, just play the game. This is trying to explore all you can yourself. Trying to catolog every experience you have seen in order to gain full understanding and becoming a guru of this game. This is the original route, and leads to greater satisfaction, though, not many people go this route.The more common route is to take a trip to the Spelunky Wiki on your travels to beating the game. This shortens the game time drastically because it paints out exactly what you need to succeed. In a situation where you would normaly try to experiment, which can get you killed, you simply know what will happen already, and have gotten an implement of knowlage that shows the path before you prior to actualy taking it. Most see this as unfair, and at the very least, not as fun. However, when taking this route, you can see into the deep complexities written in this game that are never presented to most. It gives more of an ""obsession"" sense, if you know what I mean.This being said, I believe this is a very good game, no matter how you play it. Be warned, however, that it has a specific audience, and if you are not in it, you will not have fun.8/10"
,Recommended,239350,8738018,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nostromo,"Have bought this on ps3 aswell so i can play when i dont have my laptop,thants how much i love this game"
,Recommended,239350,8740171,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,FunkyWeirdo,"Spelunky is an amazing game and absolutely worth your money. The randomly generated terrain offers countless replayability. This rogue-like platformer also has random events and special areas, making it much more interesting. Speaking of which, this is not the kind of game that will allow you to play for long hours in one sitting, as you will find yourself regularly making small mistake leading to your avatar’s demise. Other than that, this is a perfect game for you to kill time during short breaks. Despite being randomly generated, you can still find some pattern within the levels.Dying is a big part of the game and there are numerous ways of dying. It is not uncommon for player to die with only 10 seconds into the game, thus, making it extremely frustrating at those times. However, you will always come back wanting for more. With every death, the player will become more skillful and experienced. Over time, you will learn to check what is down there beyond your screen before making that leap of faith, or the trajectory of a thrown rock, making your shot more accurate.Spelunky is not a game designed to allow players to explore every nook and cranny. When the player lingers more than 2 minutes and 30 seconds, a nearly invincible ghost will spawn at the corner of the map, chasing the player across the level. Despite the time constrain, the player will often have more than enough time to loot the majority of the level’s treasure and save the damsel.My only complain of the game is the lack of “quick restart” button. Forcing the game to restart will redirect the player to the main menu, and the player will have to go through the avatar selection screen and loading screen, which I think is a hassle. There will be times when you screw up with just only 5 seconds into the game, such as when a spitting cobra is generated near to the shopkeeper’s damsel. The player will be blamed for a crime he/she did not commit over the death of the damsel, making the player unable to purchase valuable ropes and bombs from the shopkeeper for the rest of the game, which is essential for navigating throughout the level. On top of that, you don’t want to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the shopkeepers."
76561198108534280,Recommended,239350,8741390,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,AppleDamage,I love Spelunky! It's an extremely tough platformer that is well designed  with a RNG that sets a different seed for every level you play so it never gets old.It takes quite a while to get good at and may cause you to curse/pull out your hair but completing the game will be well worth it.There are a few secrets in the game too which are worth uncovering.I previously bought this on XBLA so considering I purchased it twice it is well worth your money if your not the gamer to give up easily.The only downside is that it doesn't have online Co op but it makes up for that with the daily challenge.This is a set seed of levels that are the same for everyone and you only get one shot to get the highest score.It adds a nice competetive edge if your friends have the game or even if you just want to climb the world rankings
76561198038402986,Recommended,239350,4516492,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Valaadus,Super addictive! Classic sidescroll adventure fun. Reminiscent of Montezuma's Revenge.
76561197967230655,Recommended,239350,8725224,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Fletcher Grant,"One of the most addictive platformers I've ever played. During your first few runs through the mines, you may feel a growing urge to chew your controller in half out of frustration as yet another wall dart you didn't notice punts you into a flying bat which knocks you onto a set of spikes where you watch your character slowly slide down onto his new pointy eternal resting place. But this is where the sadistic drive to be better takes over. Much like playing through Dark Souls, the punishment will make you do it right. You will be spanked repeatedly until you finally understand the way things work. The game's controls are as tight as you can get, and mastering movement is key to your survival. Though, let's face it, I'm never gonna stop running.This may sound like unecessary torture, but once you accept that this platformer is more of a twitch-based puzzle game, you'll find yourself cruising through the world, reborn a rugged badass. The constantly shifting maps require you to stay on your feet through each playthrough and offer near infinite depth. While certain areas may become familiar, one little slip could mean the end.This game is my new Mario. Git it."
76561198042008171,Recommended,239350,8764159,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,"Not Jack, Is Trash","You will literally spend 7 hours trying to get to Olmec, and 700 hours to get 100% acheivements.Seriously, I've tried a no money run and auto-killed myself before I could get to 1-3, I still couldn't get past the temple (been very close), died with the reviving ankh the level before the moaii head so I couldn't get to the city of gold, killed 11 shopkeepers before dying(you need 12)... this is hard. I love it, buy it, it's like VVVVVV but longer.Spelnky is love, spenlunky is life, spelunky is a giant, gold, heavy statue thats about to crush your body past the gates of hell."
,Recommended,239350,8766026,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Myan,great hd remake
,Recommended,239350,8766469,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,D-Ton,"Spelunky - game for everyone, who loves platformers, challenges and discovering. Each time I play, I find something new or make some progress towards the quite difficult ending. Highly addictive."
76561198026557572,Recommended,239350,8769159,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Chavezjigg,If you don't like caves you will not like this game. Just saying.
,Recommended,239350,8770504,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Kerdee,Great game. Only get it if you can handle the frustration of getting your hope of finishing a game crushed over and over.
,Recommended,239350,8771035,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Lucifer恶魔,"This game is really good. Haven't played a game like this since The Binding of Isaac.Has a variety of items, and it generates the world each time you play. It's perfect.Recommending this to Indie games lovers."
,Recommended,239350,8771210,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,kellykel,"This game. This game is awesome. First you will die on the Mines by spikes, then again in the Mines by a spider, then by a giant spider, then hitting the ground too hard, then by your own bomb, then by a shopkeeper,  then you will finally get to the Jungle and die instantly. You will say, ""How am I ever going to get past the next stages? I will never make it!"" Trust me, it gets easier. Not really. Took me around a 1000 deaths to beat the game, 2000 to 100%. The only game I have ever done 100% on. I was that into it. Plus deathmatch and co-op is hilarious with friends. Just buy it."
,Recommended,239350,8773717,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,mig,good
76561198074758287,Recommended,239350,8776855,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,infidel,yesyesyes
,Recommended,239350,8756068,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mr_Bucket_207,This game is one of the best/worst games I've ever had the privelege/burden to enjoy/endure.
,Recommended,239350,8756199,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Jeff Cogan,I luv dis
76561198019579984,Recommended,239350,8757562,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,AppleFace,"If you dont mind being frustrated every minute by dying and starting all over, or getting to an area hoping to open the checkpoint only to find out you need a shotgun :P then this is worth a try."
,Recommended,239350,7517183,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Dimitri2401,"If there should only be one, it'd probably be Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,8758504,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Chester Cheetah,good game
76561198015490802,Recommended,239350,8759355,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mazzy,Hate this game. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,8760211,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,[OOWA]Big Dog,"Extremely hard, but incredibly addicting."
76561198120898148,Recommended,239350,8439868,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SpaceSheep,while its fun it one of the most rage inducing games ive ever played
,Recommended,239350,8439883,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Steelbolas,"Endless fun, although don't play it if you get mad at video games. This game trolls you way too often."
,Recommended,239350,18493567,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SirSyntax,I don't think I've ever cursed so much at a video game.10/10 GotY
76561197966743011,Recommended,239350,15344339,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Gen Morph,"Spelunky is a side-scrolling rogue-like capable of providing hours upon hours of self-depreciating amusement. The first hundred times you die, a new level of experience is gained not unlike a survival instinct that is brutally taken by force. Next thing you know you're thousands of deaths in, having climbed the mountain only to find yourself back in the mines showing yourself the ropes again, literally. The choice is yours to calmly loot before the storm or speedrun the hell out of it, again, literally. What makes Spelunky a beautiful beast is its complicated nature predicated by its simplicity as a platformer. It is unforgiving if you let it, ultimately satisfying if you don't. The only thing that has left me unhappy is the thought of no new content to come."
,Recommended,239350,18357153,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,hypocriteCannibal,"Who ever thought it would be addicting to die this much? Spelunky is a great rogue-like game that is just as addictive as it is frustrating. It can take a little bit to get used to, as runs can range to fairly easy to ridiculously hard depending on what you have on you! Getting through the levels and finding treasures become that much more rewarding though. The artwork is fabulous, as is the charming [although sometimes stereotypical, they add to theme] character designs. If you're a fan of fast-paced, adventurous, rogue-like games, you definitely will not regret the purchase. I wouldn't recommend it for those who get frustrated easily, or prefer casual relaxing games."
,Recommended,239350,18437918,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Mr. Shoe,"Install Spelunky. Play Spelunky. ""I like Spelunky,"" you say.You think you did good that you finally ran through Spelunky once entirely without a GAME OVER in a 14 hour period. Go on YouTube, look at experts who play Spelunky.Uninstall Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,18415470,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,EVIL Tandy,"This game is a super tight platformer with rogue-like elements. I first encountered the game from it's humble beginnings December 2008 when it was a GameMaker-made game.  Even with the limited tool set Derek Yu, the developer, put in a lot of great work into the release creating a fervor on the forums I posted on (SomethingAwful) at the time.What led this game away from other similiar platforms is that if you died, it was because you were not using the tools provided to prevent that death.  People would complain about rocks randomly coming from explosions hitting them in the head until they were told not to be in the same room when any explosions was going to expected to happen.Derek Yu took this and brought it new life with the addition of great new features but keeping the onus of staying alive on the player.The roguelike nature of the game gave the player and enemies a world they all need to try their hardest to live in.  Yes, I said enemies.  The players can use the world to fight back against the enemies such as knowing a player can enter spikes from the side while the spiders only know how to drop onto players but spikes will instantly kill anything that drops on them.  What you get is the player being protected by spikes while the spider throws itself into the needles.The world is fair and it's up to the player to find out these patterns and use them or avoid bad configurations."
76561198050624218,Recommended,239350,18314426,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BillyBozarth,"One of the best games I have ever played. Some how this game manages to be challenging, punishing, rewarding, and entertaining all at the same time. Add to it the fact that it has great multilayer and it just becomes amazing."
,Recommended,239350,18293446,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Blackbird,Tough as nails platformer with nice art-style and procedurally generated worlds.
76561198068982092,Recommended,239350,10671072,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"This game makes me, somehow, like dying.In spelunky, you wander into a strange mine filled with creatures and traps. You wander level after level until, you die and have to restart from the begening. Don't worry, you can unlock shortcuts,eventually. You won't keep any progress from one game to an other except your skills and knowledge.This is a 2D platformer. You don't jump very high versus other platformers but you can climb edges and use your ropes to get higher. You also have a short ranged whip to slay the snakes and the bats wandering around and bombs to dig your way through walls when you're too lazy to take the long way. As you gather gold, you can also buy weapons and tools to help you travel. (You can also steal them but I wouldn't recommand it unless you want to be shot in the *ss.)So why is Spelunky so amazing?Because 95% of the times you die, you could have done something else. You can totally win the game in a single run without shortcuts, but you got to know what you are doing. I have around 20 hours in the game and it was 20 hours full of dying, learning and practising.I don't mean that you won't be able to play in the beginning. The controls need to get used to but jumping around, climbing and killing snakes is some easy stuff.The harder part is knowing what everything does and what is the best to to against each patern of ennemies. A bat in an open space, a bat in a closed space, a bat close to an arrow shooter, a bat on a very low roof... There is, in my opinion a different way to handle each and you get to struggle until you find what's the best in your opinion.Unforgiving and ridiculously hard platformer with short runs and a very long life time, you'll love it, really!"
76561197968575212,Recommended,239350,18664417,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Andy,"Endless depths, endless depth."
,Recommended,239350,18270982,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,FightingOreo,"*buys camera from shopkeeper**takes photo*""TERRORIST!""Shopkeeper flips his♥♥♥♥♥♥ starts shooting at me. I jump on a rope and start climbing.Shopkeeper falls onto spikes and dies.I go back to shop and steal everything else.10/10 Ocean's Eleven the Game."
,Recommended,239350,18715762,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gay Woof,"I've been playing this game for 2+ years or so now, and it's one of my favorite games of all time. Buy it now."
,Recommended,239350,18776961,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ManyNekoZ,"I'm not gonna lie, Spelunky is hard. Like, REALLY hard. You will die many times before you can get the hang of it. It's 50% luck and 50% skill, and since it is a rogue-like, there is no continuing or save points. You have one life, 3 hit points, that's it. There are items to increase your hit points and some items may help prevent you from losing more, but each level is randomly generated so chances of coming across such items may vary each playthrough.It may be challenging, but it's a blast. It's like a surprise around every corner, diving deeper and deeper into each level, not knowing what you'll find, if you'll live or if you'll die.If you love platformers, you'll love this gem. Buy it, play it, love it.P.S.I highly recommend using a controller for the best experience."
,Recommended,239350,9840299,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,E L   S U C I O   D A N,i've played for this long and haven't beaten this gamecrying in a corner/10
76561197993885887,Recommended,239350,18799889,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,therascalking0000,One of my favorite ways to turn off my brain. Great chill out game.
,Recommended,239350,18601446,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gentle,I'm addicted.
,Recommended,239350,17587807,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Hispanic at the disco,"playthrough 100: d*** spikes, they kill me every time.playthrough 101: d*** bees, they kill me every time.playthrough 102: d*** tiki guys, they kill me every time.this summerizes my game experience so far. great game, go get it.""about a year after i wrote the first part of the review""I just have to beat the game one more time... PLEASE."
76561198005884261,Recommended,239350,18577549,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DIARRHEA_DAD,"One of my all-time favorite games, and I don't say that lightly. Perfect mechanics that are easy to learn and difficult to master. You will die hundreds and hundreds of times, and 99% of those deaths will be absolutely your fault. It doesn't get easier, but you will get better.Fifteen dollars is a steal for this game. I've gotten more playtime and enjoyment out of it than I have out of most AAA $60 games. If you're on the fence, don't wait for a sale - if you have even an inkling that you will enjoy this game, GET IT, because you will.Don't be too intimidated - yes, it IS difficult, but I've had more fun losing in Spelunky than I have winning in other games. The ""bulls---"" factor is very low, so dying isn't frustrating because every death is an opportunity to learn and improve. I've probably sunk more hours into trying to beat Spelunky than I have Dark Souls.Keep in mind, too, that through the freeware ""Frozlunky"" extension, you can create, share, and play customizable maps and challenge maps. You should ABSOLUTELY buy this game if you're at all a fan of platformers. A near-perfect game, absolutely.I also want to mention that my >120 hrs played in the Steam version is paltry compared to the hundreds of hours I sunk into navigating the pre-Steam version of Spelunky."
,Not Recommended,239350,14339809,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xezhaw,"2/10Pros:None.Cons:Extremely hard, a fu-cking waste of time and money."
,Recommended,239350,18288101,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jut_uk,One of the best platformers I've ever played
76561197966337171,Recommended,239350,19077020,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Betty,Love this game... it is hard but fun and every time you play it is different which is nice.10/10Simple old school look with amazing game play!Pick up this game for sure.
,Recommended,239350,19072396,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ROFLwolf,"One of the best platformers I've ever played. Very challenging at first, but teaches you over time how to avoid most traps and overcome dangerous situations. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,239350,17814455,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,CyberNinjaHustlers,"Multiplayer joy. If you need a fun way to sit down with the family for  a while, this may be it for you. Couch co-op and randomly generated levels won the day for me, along with great gameplay, graphics, and sound. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,239350,7503375,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Duality,"Own it on Vita, a real joy to play. Although there is a big difficulty curve to overcome, after that it becomes a fun and addictive must buy!"
,Recommended,239350,17907445,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,LLAMAHAWK,"This game won't make you feel like a winner until you deserve it. It will kill you in every possible way, test your patience, and probably even cause you to swear at your screen. Don't expect it to be easy in any way.This game is extremely well made. The mechanics and gameplay are flawless, but unforgiving. The replayability of this game is high as no level will be identical to another, and when you finally win, you know you've accomplished something great.Good luck trying to beat the tutorial."
,Recommended,239350,16961032,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,psykelix,"SpelunkyCute looking game but dont let the looks of it deceive you. Oh no, my sweet summer child.A game thats both painful and yet fun to play. Spelunky is an addictive bittersweet -ish experience that I would highly recommend."
76561198073575185,Recommended,239350,17219607,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Ax ._.,amazingly brilliant game with great replayability.If you're looking for an insanly hard game that you can get sucked into for hours on end then this game is for youWARNING: WILL MAKE YOU RAGE
,Recommended,239350,17529984,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,4d 65,"Do you like dying a lot?  Do you like going through caves?  Have you fallen at any point in your life?  If you answered yes to any of these questions, then Spleunky may be right for you.  Please consult your doctor before trying Spelunky.  If you suffer from any suicidal thoughts or actions from playing Spelunky, please quit immediately."
76561198106048598,Recommended,239350,9791676,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,AvatarNick,"10/10, this is my relaxation game, its sooooo good :)"
,Recommended,239350,8523620,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gezzie,"This game is so fun and addicting. Just trying to do a simple playthrough of the game requires much practice and this game does not hold your hand AT ALL. If you die at any time, you start all the way back at the beginning. After 30 hours I've only gotten to the end of the game twice, beaten once, after over 200 playthroughs. That being said, there are some stuff you'll experience that'll probably keep you from coming back like sometimes there's blatantly bad world generation and unfair situations, but it's a great game after all that.7/10"
76561198081983780,Recommended,239350,17558963,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,OhhJay,This game was made by Devil himself. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,17797021,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,.................,"Spelunky is love, Spelunky is life."
76561198044448391,Recommended,239350,16788722,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Demonte,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239350,16753609,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,matto1998,"This game is great! Definitely worth $15! The gameplay, although a similar experience every time you play, is still different every time, as the levels are randomly generating, allowing the game to never get stale. I've put over 80 hours into this game and I still haven't played enough. A very fun game, especially for co-op!"
,Recommended,239350,16682838,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BLINKeu,"- spike kill you Immediately- you can die every single step- after 2:30 mins ..ghost wil appear and chase u until you get to next map- 4 local co-op : only x-input controller or keyboard4/5minus 1 becuase its too difficulf to play with my kids.i don't want to rush myself by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ghost when i play with my lil bro.i love this game everything is perfect ,but i still need option to set time before ghost appear.(ps. im not good at english)"
76561198007339745,Recommended,239350,16687731,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Wickmaniac,"My 15 seconds up but I got more to say, that's enough Mr. West. Please no more today."
,Recommended,239350,16689979,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,I LIVE. I DIE. I LIVE AGAIN!
,Recommended,239350,16761017,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,aLLCAPS!,Worth a go. Old skool platformer
76561198091696208,Recommended,239350,16652417,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DarkSpark,"Well, This is awesome, nothing more to say."
,Recommended,239350,8569322,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,EtherImp,"Spelunky is a 2d Platform Roguelike.. What does this mean? Well, every level is procedurally generated; which means that the levels are as random as possible without being completely random. There are rules the levels must follow, such as a clear path to the exit. There are 20 levels, 5 zones, and 4 levels in each zone. There are secret levels and secret characters. There are item shops and mini-bosses.The game itself is frustratingly difficult and that's what makes it addictive. If you grew up on platformers like Ninja Gaiden and Megaman as a kid (as I did), you will immediately be reminded of those when attempting to get through the first zone (the Caves) in Spelunky for the first time. Unlike those games, each level is random. Like those games, Spelunky is ruthless. Unlike those games, Spelunky is actually fair. I never feel as though the game screwed me over. I always recognize that I made a mistake or did something wrong.But, simply comparing Spelunky to games like Ninja Gaiden and other platformers is not fair. It also has the Roguelike aspect, from games like ADOM (Ancient Domains of Mystery), and Nethack, etc. There's an element of chance behind every playthrough, but it would be difficult to argue that any playthrough is ""impossible"" to beat. It's just a matter of how skilled you are to take proper advantage of the opportunities presented to you.All of that said, the game has an amazing soundtrack/score, and the controls are tight and responsive. The graphics are cartoony and fun, but the game itself has undertones of occult darkness and mystery without taking itself too seriously.I would highly recommend having a gamepad of some kind before attempting to play Spelunky. While it is possible to do so with only your keyboard, I find that my skill in the game greatly improved with a Logitec XBox controller.In any case, Spelunky is definitely worth the asking price, and is one of the funnest single player games I've indulged myself with in the last several years."
,Recommended,239350,8558765,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,jrr,"Randomly generated platformer that hooks in to your psychology with risk, reward, scarcity, and variety. I'm hopelessly addicted. Use a controller with a good d-pad."
76561197965356185,Recommended,239350,8560133,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,R-def[ANUSTART],so brutal!
,Recommended,239350,8500218,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Malencio,This game is awesome.  My friends and I can't stop playing it.  It's challenging and has serious variety due to the random map generator.  Spelunky is hard to get sick of because you experience something new every time
,Recommended,239350,8625633,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,The Baron of Bad News,10/10 this game is HORSE HOCKEY TRASH
76561198009939794,Recommended,239350,7533782,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Rauke,"If you want a highly polished game, which is innovative and retro at the same time, intellectual in its premisses, and all about ""playing the game"", there is no way around Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,9048129,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Araxen,One of the best games ever created!
,Recommended,239350,9033419,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Maiden Voyage,Addicting. Very addicting. This game has ruined my life.
,Recommended,239350,9034037,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Pinky,"A great rouge like game, though it is very tough! You can be having the best run going and one simple mistake will kill you, trust me rage quitting will ensue. Still, you'll keep coming back for more. If you're a fan of rouge like games I'd recommend buying this one when it's on sale. I don't have a controller but I think that might make the controls a little easier too, though I've gotten use to using the keyboard for platform gaming."
76561198082345505,Recommended,239350,7005585,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Cairn.L,SPELUUUNKKKYYYY~!!! *splat*
,Recommended,239350,8867033,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Klaf,Challenging game for in between!
76561198068314616,Recommended,239350,8871334,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Solhine,spelunky is a fantastic game that provides a dificult experience that is very rewarding. Unlike most other games on the market spelunky will treat you like an adult as you wander through the vast expanse of each level. death is meaningfull and punishing althought the reward far outweighs the risk.
76561198042401174,Recommended,239350,8895759,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,"Ylk, Slave of the Mad Fish God","This game is not for the faint of heart. Attempt after attempt will be met with horrific and soul-rending failure at the most innocent of threats. That pile of bones you walked up to? Turns out it was actually a murderous skeleton lying in wait of unwary adventurers. A docile yeti pacing back and forth on his tiny outcropping of ice? Get too close and he'll toss you like a baseball filled with feathers. Spelunky is not an easy game. I think my win/lose ratio is something like 1/200. If you want a game that will doubtless challange you for dozens, dare I say hundreds of hours, Spelunky is the game for you."
76561198087161565,Recommended,239350,8787331,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Kenzy,"Hard, but entertaining."
,Recommended,239350,8787650,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,=MUP= Jimbob,Survive.Survive.Survive.Die.Simple.
,Recommended,239350,8789419,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Druinthor,Addictive
,Recommended,239350,4697628,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,UnsubtleFox,"This game is crazy, it will eat up all your time, and you will hate everything around you. But you will keep playing, you cannot escape, this is your life now, you will be assimilated."
,Recommended,239350,8790686,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Grimmy Fishstick,Fun But so hard i threw my mouse across the room at one point
76561198060048571,Recommended,239350,8791649,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,dataylor1999,"A great game with endless replayability, unique levels, and interesting ""puzzle"" solving.  I think this is a game everyone should have."
76561198118416706,Recommended,239350,8706714,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dr.SaltChan,The sheer frustration this game provides is incredible. The random elements of this game can make some levels near impossible. However i'll keep playing because it's a fun and addicting game where every level is a new experience.
76561198119623881,Recommended,239350,8707108,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,innerglee,Can't. Stop. Playing.Beautifully balanced mechanics - different every time!
76561198017967173,Recommended,239350,8708552,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Bamboo Spine,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥, haven't played such a hard (and sometimes frustrating) game in years."
76561198069628548,Recommended,239350,9123021,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Spacetit.,yes
76561198086532412,Recommended,239350,9123311,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,gardenlover410,"I find this game difficult (mostly because I have never been good at games that require jumping) but I it is fun.  You will die alot, especially as a beginner.   I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,239350,9124214,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Evil Puppeteer,"This game will beat you with its spikes, arrow traps, boulders, and angry shopkeepers until your fingertips bleed. You will curse its name, you will hate the stupid mistake you made that got you killed that ONE time, but you will continue playing. It is merciless, but it teaches. You will get further and further over time, and eventually, you just might crawl yourself out of Hell like a select few. This is a game that is deceptively simple, and for all its hate, it wants to remind us why we love a challenge. Buy it. Play it. Die. A lot."
,Recommended,239350,17709624,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Vincio,"273 megabytes of sadism and game design awesomeness.Near perfect mechanics that'll punish the newbie, but the outcome for keeping at it will be an -almost- never boring experience.Extremely addicting, suited for roguelike enthusiasts and achievement hunters.It's like Binding of Isaac, but harder, faster, and better."
76561198062067078,Recommended,239350,7374139,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,jones.david01,I've never experienced a rogue-like game before buying Spelunky on XBLA and I've never been dissapointed! Every level is different and if you're a fan of retro games this will hit you right in the childhood! It's the perfect mix of relentless frustration and pure bliss!
76561198019364032,Recommended,239350,17686303,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,cfhussain17,"Spelunky, a game that should be in everyone's library.  What can one say about Spelunky? Well i saw a video of someone completing the game in a couple of minutes.  You might be thinking a game that can be completed (even if only partially) in 2 minutes cannot offer many hours of interesting, enjoyable, addictive gameplay.  Well you would be wrong.It's a wonderful game.  Never boring and always challenging.  This is also another case of achievements being really important for a game's success.  I think i last checked the death counter was 2000, and i had only just attained every single-player achievement.  What i really like about Spelunky is even though you would take an hour, at a stretch, to beat the Hell-stage, it's amazing how something as simply as jumping over spikes can become so nerve-wracking.  ""Oh... the countless times i have died in the most creative ways"".  You convince yourself death isn't so bad because you haven't spend hours trying to beat the game.  You become complacent and one moment you're alive with 10 hearts, a jetpack and the items to reach Hell, and the next you're killed by a rock repeatedly bouncing on your head on a spring platform in the Ice Caves..."
,Recommended,239350,17687870,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Abomm,It's pretty good
76561198009749761,Recommended,239350,17657174,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,citronsmag,good game for older kids and adults
,Recommended,239350,17514895,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"This is about as close as you can get to a perfect game.It's hard, but predictable and fair. It has depth, it is intuitive, it controls well, it looks great, and it will keep you busy for years because you are probably not going to be very good at it for a very long time.Also warning to the loser babies: There is a time limit on each stage! I know I know, it is terrible that a rogue-like might have some mechanic that discourages farming levels until the end of time, but this appears to be some sort of scandal. Play at your own risk."
76561198072896758,Recommended,239350,17666861,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Splinter,"At first glance, Spelunky looks like a fun little platformer in which you delve into a cave to gather treasure. However, under its cartoony and colorful artstyle lies a brutal and deep experience that can be frustrating yet ultimately rewarding.After I had about 20 hours into Spelunky I wanted to quit. I wanted to give up and delete the game, because I couldn't finish it. After reaching certain levels you unlock checkpoints to immediately start from upon (perma)death, but in order to complete the game you need to gather enough resources - like bombs and rope - from the very first level. This means planning ahead (Will I use a bomb now? Do I rob the shopkeeper or just buy one item? Do I try to get to a chest, or just take the quick route to the exit??) and playing carefully. Even with a careful approach, you will die. A lot. Yet it never feels unfair. Being jumped by a spider, impaled on spikes or blown up by your own bomb; every death is a lesson to take with you on the next try. Slowly but steadily you get better, and you feel victory is within reach. This feeling kept me going until I finally beat the game. Looking back, I find Spelunky one of the most rewarding games I've ever played, and can certainly recommend it to anyone who's not afraid of a challenge."
,Recommended,239350,17725187,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SenorBarkBark,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!
76561198100574696,Recommended,239350,17596504,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dolle,best game eu ;]
,Recommended,239350,17511978,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Valthonis,"Absolutely great game. Takes some time to learn, or relearn if you haven't played it in a while, but there is a great sense of achievement whenever you progress"
,Recommended,239350,17514720,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,awokenkyoger,"Fun for endless hours of gameplay. The randomized dungeons make each play session different and fun.Warning: If you rage easy, buy with caution."
,Recommended,239350,9772743,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,DepPri,I only beat it about 3 times....
76561198073440258,Recommended,239350,17650874,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,KenshiB777,"one of the best 2D platformers I've played in a long time.  procedural levels add lots of replayability, and the wide variety of items give you different options to overcome this (very challenging) game.  Still not a fan of the frequent fall to your death traps (thereby losing your hard-earned gear) but there's still a lot to love here."
,Recommended,239350,17483853,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Tunloink,"This game is more iconic than my sweaty socks.No but really, its fun and good. Buy it."
,Recommended,239350,17484434,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,daisypants,"I love this game. You really need to be patient with yourself and die a CRAP ton of times in order to get the hang of it, but that is half the fun. I spent the first, oh I don't know, 10 hours stuck in the first level (the mines) until I finally figured out how to do a run without losing any health. It's really a matter of being aware of your surroundings.The achievements are a fun goal to work towards and makes gameplay both difficult and rewarding. The mutli player is so much fun and fast paced, and I like how you can manipulate what items you start with (for example, I only start off with one bomb verses the standard of three because all the bots will just throw them at you and then you die within two seconds).The only issue I have right now is that the last level is insanely hard without items, which you have to get through the other levels. Without those items to kill the mummy's and other monsters that are just impossible to pass without a fight, you are going to die super quick. This is mildly frustrating because I want to play the last freakin' level and I can't because I die so much. Then when you finally get through the level you are facing a boss and I duno it seems like a lot. In general though, this game is so much fun and I love it. :)"
76561198043343297,Recommended,239350,7559060,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Fedora The Explorer,"This is a great game. Its hard as hell, but rewarding as heaven."
,Recommended,239350,17623649,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,davecasillo,no doubt get it
76561198031338066,Not Recommended,239350,17618625,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Frank Gallagher,"Beautiful design, nice concept. Frustratingly hard gameplay.Have you ever played a platformer game like you play chess?Overall: b.u.l.l.s.h.i.t/10"
,Recommended,239350,17718556,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Aqua,"A very hard but rewarding game. I never got past the first few levels BUT, i had lots of fun and beating each new level i havent got to made me feel like a boss! Lots of weapons, lots of characters, lots of traps! 8/10"
,Recommended,239350,14439133,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Lunerd,"""M3X C0M PL4Y V1D30 G4M3$""""NU3"""
,Recommended,239350,8349530,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kilo,Hard but extremely addicting 9/10
76561198025585288,Recommended,239350,8349557,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MystRunner916,Do you like the old school rediculously hard platformers. Do you get tired of a game that the levels stay the same every play through. Then try Spelunky. I've been playing this game since the original came out. The XBLA/Steam release has came loads further then that original game. This is one game that I almost can never put down (Heck I've rarely reached the jungle level). I love the complexity and the fact that you must use your brain to get through each floor and even when you restart because each level is randomized (to a point). It's a wonderfully fun game. Though it falls a little short with the fact that it lacks an online co-op. Maybe if enough people request it then they will make it for the game. But at least if you have a friend over then you can both play the game (I havn't tried the multiplayer yet).  I recomend this game very much you'll have loads and loads of fun trying to get to the ultimate goal.Graphics 5/5 (compared to original)Sound 5/5Controls 4/5 (Ledge hanging is a little annoying in small confined areas)Replay Value 5/5 (No level is ever 100% the same)If you are looking at Spelunky and would like to try it before buying it then go ahead and download the original game. It dosn't have the amazing graphics and the sounds are more like what you would find on an SNES but it's pretty much the exact same game. So go ahead and at least give the original a go to see if you'd like it.http://spelunkyworld.com/original.html
76561197996002466,Recommended,239350,8350118,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,danlang78,good game
,Recommended,239350,8350543,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gorkus,The Binding of Isaac of plataformers.
76561198053327185,Recommended,239350,8351833,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Luke,"This is the 2D Platformer version of FTL-- that means it's awesome, rougelike, and incredibly HARD"
,Recommended,239350,8352168,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Magnetic Lobster >B(,"Brutal, unforgiving, and seriously fun. A must have for anyone who enjoys rogue-like games."
,Recommended,239350,8352897,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fist,It's ok.
76561198014785755,Recommended,239350,7547290,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Cracklin' Oats,"AWESOME FUN FUN, AWESOMELY FUN AWESOME GAME!  Buy it, Learn it, Love it!"
76561198038815226,Recommended,239350,8354648,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rem,Good little game it hard but very good
,Recommended,239350,8354903,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Joy,best game 2013
76561198079631965,Recommended,239350,8354942,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Chanman787,Fun game to just get on and start playing
76561197972868533,Recommended,239350,8355430,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EtherEve,"Maddeningly and wonderfully difficult, Spelunky is a roguelike and action-platforming hybrid. The cutesy graphics belie tough-as-nails, unforgiving roguelike underpinnings. The controls are very solid with a gamepad. I can tell this will be one I'll have to chip away at slowly over time and really work on my spatial awareness for. There are some trap types that you'll need to learn to be alert for as they'll wreck your face over and over until you do. It's rough, but rewarding, potentially short or long, lying somewhere between Super Mario Brothers and Binding of Isaac. If that sounds like fun, it's worth a try."
76561198040967915,Recommended,239350,8355981,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Inky,A difficult and unforgiving platformer that makes me throw my gamepad in rage. I love it.
,Recommended,239350,8356387,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Wesley,So far so good great little title especially for the price when it was on sale can't go wrong adding it to your collection
,Recommended,239350,8356680,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TroyJMorris,"I have been addicting to this game since I bought it. It's incredibly difficult, but incredibly entertaining."
76561198064703346,Recommended,239350,8357377,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kennedy Lead,"I absoulutely adore this game, it's so simplistic and perfect for every platformer esque gamer...Pros- Very easy to run- You always seem to come back and play again- SimpleCons- Controls takes a little bit of time to get used to (Trust me I know)- Unlocking new chracters aren't really needed (They do not have perks, totally fine)- Levels are hard! (But it's fine! It's fun)"
,Recommended,239350,8357724,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gumi,addictingfunawesomeinfuriatingfunfunfunbetter with friends
,Recommended,239350,8351501,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,depressingmeals,gd
,Recommended,239350,893480,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,UltraViolence74,"It's like someone updated the graphics on the old Spelunker NES game, crossed it with a little Indiana Jones and gave it familiar controls ala Super Mario Bros. Polished and well made I can already see investing a lot of time in this."
,Recommended,239350,8359063,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kraftkast,Quite a fun game! Though very difficult.
,Recommended,239350,13904855,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SF_Uberfish,"Day 3, finally found the golden Idol!  I deftly grabbed it from it's resting place and suddenly heard a distant rumble. A giant boulder was heading for me! Quickly, I shot a hook into the sky, jumped up and climbed with the idol! The boulder rolledpast, taking out all the traps and snakes below.""TERRORIST!!!!"" I hear a scream above the sound of the crushing rock, the boulder had rolled through the store of a once friendly shopkeeper, he was now so blind with rage at his destroyed goods he was blasting shotgun rounds everywhere trying to dispatch me... How was the trap my fault??? Fortunatly, I was able to drop down and jump into the door, just as a chill was running down my spine... On the otherside of the door another shopkeeper was waiting, but the only thing he sold to me was a cartridge of hot lead to my face.10/10 Would grab the idol again."
76561198001676045,Recommended,239350,13905102,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,purpledonkey,Super fun but hard as hell. You will come back for more...
76561197971062521,Recommended,239350,13909327,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Validawn,"One of my favorite rogue platformersFinal Score 8/10Graphics = 7/10Gameplay/Fun = 9/10Replay/Playtime = 8/10Sound = 8/10controls = 8/10Graphics: The graphics are indie retro, and the game does a good job at it..Gameplay: Just you trying to some how survive till the next stage lol..Replay: The replay value is just in the the amount of times you try to win, also if you get bored with single player they have a battle mode for you and 3 friends which rocks..Sound: fits this retroish game..Controls: Nothing amazing, but they do the job no complaints..."
,Recommended,239350,13881422,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Juan,"Very good game with a rewarding difficulty curve. It may take a long time to get a hang of it but once you do it's a really fun experience.The RNG-factor is quite high but it's an essential part of why the game is so good.Remember, one mistake, it's probably all over.Anyone who calls this game bad is just bad at it."
,Recommended,239350,13882209,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fat Operator,An absolutely incredible return to old-school platforming.
76561198086227982,Recommended,239350,13883578,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,The Coo Coo Nut Guy,"Fun game, 'new' levels everytime you play. The real challenge is to kill these freaking shopkeepers."
,Recommended,239350,13884098,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,No motive at all,"A fair, but challenging platformer, falling into the category of ""Rogue-lites"", Spelunky remains one of the better indie games on the market. If you enjoy stories, cut scenes, filmic experiences in your gameplay, look elsewhere. If you enjoy leaderboards, or a sense of personal accomplishment, and are willing to dedicate many hours to a game, this may be just what you're looking for - a mixture of patient learning and twitchy platforming which urges the player to use their brain and fall back on their reflexes on numerous occasions.The unlockables, as with many games of this sort, are compelling rewards for your patience, doled out as you get better (or in some cases, lucky), and goad you to get to the caverns, the temple, Olmec, and beyond.Really quite nice, and cheap on sales."
,Recommended,239350,13886719,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Joe,Looks really simple but has incredible depth to it and is now one of my favourite games ever.It's really hard.
,Recommended,239350,13921712,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Max Damage [CZ],Great and very addictive game. Best in coop. So far I didn´t make it through the jungle ... :(
,Recommended,239350,13925471,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TrmptBucket,"Very fun Rougelike platformer.  Provieds hours of fun, but in nice small snippits, so those of you only having a few mins to spare can enjoy it as well."
76561197988475803,Recommended,239350,13347586,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,devon_olsenqqqqqqqwww,"This game is epic....  My recommendation, don't read any reviews to find all the secrets.  I had found many before I wandered into that mistake, even then it made me sad to miss out on the journey.The only thing I could imagine to make it better would be LAN Multiplayer.  All 4 players having to stay in the same screen is difficult and generally results in a more difficult experience than just tackling it yourself."
76561198092699702,Recommended,239350,13342516,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,psycker,Realy nice game.But it is SO HARD TO PLAY:D!  10/10
76561198059471779,Recommended,239350,13356731,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cencreekel,i wish it would be available for mac though
76561198148140665,Recommended,239350,13373203,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,FGC Lone Ace,Spelunkey is a great gameIt can get very frustrating sometimes due to it's diffuclty but what makes it good is it replay vauleWhen you die you start all the way from the begenning so when you first get the game you want to keep playing to get to the next level and so on ( the levels change every single time which makes this game fun)You should buy this game if you are a hardcore 2d platformer gamer but don't underestimate this game
,Recommended,239350,13373787,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hexeus,Awesome game defintely good for anyone who wants a challenge.
76561197982571616,Not Recommended,239350,13959196,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jello,"Dont be fooled by the very positive reviews, this game is not for everyone. Sure it looked good and when it was on sale for a wicked low price, thought to see what the hype was about."
76561198059641737,Recommended,239350,14060857,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sevrin,"At first it seems like a simple, kinda stupid dungeon delving game, but once you play it for a bit you begin to realize just how much work was put into it. There is so much neat content and it's so fun! It's HARD too, like most games these days are super easy and boring, this one actually takes quite a bit of skill and luck to complete."
,Recommended,239350,13805940,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,argent,In the first 10 minutes I was mauled by a bat and had my body mangled by ground spikes.Oddly satifying.10/10
,Recommended,239350,14070598,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Zach,"Very difficult, but very rewarding. High replayability.One of my favorite platforming games."
,Recommended,239350,14091200,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ChameLeon,"One of the best indie games ever made. Spelunky is randomly generated done right. The game is always a challenge, and at the start may seem repetitive or frustrating, but the more time you pour into this game, time this game deserves, the more you will notice the complexity and fascinating level of depth the game has.GameplayThe game might not be for everyone, in that victory is not guaranteed and a simple mistake may mean restarting from the first level of the game. You play as a spelunker and a boiled down summary of the aim of the game is to get to the next level by maneuvering from the top of the level to the exit at the bottom, all the while avoiding a multitude of enemies and traps. Each playable character (and there are a variety to choose from) is equipped with a whip to kill enemies or smash pots or deflect arrows. Really it serves as a multipurpose tool.GraphicsColourful, vibrant and beautiful 2D art that complements the game perfectly. Pretty explosion effects. It is a nice looking game.ReplayabilityConceivably infinite. Every level is different as they are all randomly generated. It is highly unlikely you will ever play the same level twice and if you did you would most likely not notice as you'd be too busy whipping bats and jumping spikes and enjoying avoiding death.It took me 100 hours of co-op to beat the game with my brother and that was most fulfilling experience ever. And technically I haven't actually beaten the game yet as I only defeated one of the games bosses.Highly recommend this game.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,9668744,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Tudor225,This game is great for people who enjoy dying time and time again to improve upon their score and skill. It is very fun trying out different tactics in various situations. The randomly generated levels mean that you will never get the same run twice which makes the games that much better.
76561198047378703,Recommended,239350,7530529,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Patacrepe,"Un jeu vraiment prenant, d'un gameplay simple. Attention a l'addiction :p"
,Recommended,239350,9885817,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC,"This game really angers me to no end! With that being said, if you like to break controllers and monitors too, then definitely buy this one! 9/10"
,Recommended,239350,9886849,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,hellyeahman,"spelunky will fill you with a sense of pride and achievement unmatched by any other game, after mercilessly crushing and humiliating you the previous 100 times you play it."
76561198046782081,Recommended,239350,9887895,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Pnutt,"This is an amazing game! I for one absolutley love it. First off this game is a challenge a tough challenge there is no room for mistakes and if you make one you die plain and simple. This game makes you think due to the fact that you start off with a new first level everytime and you must figure out how youre going to navigate your way through the level and make it to the end with the most amount of money, loot, and most importantly hearts because starting with four hearts when theya re gone you are dead and thats not the dead of ""Oh i will repawn at my cheakpoint I just made."" its dead restart the entire game.The looks of this game are beautiful, the textures look incredibly good, AI's are very intelligant and know how to get to you and the overall fact that its not a linear ""go this way and only this way"" type of game is a very unique and influential style of gaming.There is no learning curve what so ever and I think thats a good and bad thing. Good becasue your going to have to learn fast and really fast to make it anywhere in this game and with that in mind your going to pump lots of time into the game to find out what the next level looks like youre going to get good and fast. The downside is that we gamers sometimes can get to frustrated and rage quit a little to soon and we dont give great games a good enough chance to win over our hearts.I recommend this game to anyone that likes having total control over the fate of your character, fun and vibrant worlds and an overall enjoyable yet infuriating experience the sense of failure is persistant and when your hit with the adreline filled sensation of victory you will be caught hook line and sinker."
76561198125437408,Recommended,239350,9335397,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,pj4osu,I love and hate this game so much i still have not beat the game but i am determined to not mess up this game is awesome.
,Recommended,239350,7765517,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Midboss,"A really fun platformer with so much depth and challenge but without feeling like the odds are unfairly against you - it's just tough but fair. Get this and play the Daily Challenges every day if nothing else, it'll be so worth it even at full price."
,Recommended,239350,9959094,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Hanako,Help! I can't stop playing!
,Recommended,239350,9971750,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,ｆｏｘｙ,"this ♥♥♥♥in game right here, lemme tell yait's good"
,Recommended,239350,9974226,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,drTNT_,This is a great game! If you are trying to decide whether to buy this or some other game definatly pick this!
,Recommended,239350,9977864,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Thogin[GZ],"This game is mind numbingly hard not because it is poorly design but because it is so well designed.  I must have died at least 500 times before I beat the game, because there are just so many possible ways to die.  Rock falls on your head knocks you on spikes.  Or you think you are invincible with the plasma gun, guess again there is a force field that will bounce the plasma back.  This game is addicting for the fact every time you play the level is different.  To beat this game you need twitch finger reflex, a mind for risk vs. reward, and resource management.  If you don’t mind losing like hell and like a real challenge on what it takes to be a gamer, buy this game now.  It is well worth its price.  (Controller Suggested)"
,Recommended,239350,10080572,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ivanmussa,"Como é que pode um jogo ser sempre diferente e ser sempre parecido? Os levels de Spelunky são gerados aleatoriamente, mas é possível aprender os macetes e pequenos cuidados que devem ser tomados para ir melhorando e percorrer mais rapidamente/eficientemente as fases. Aí você morre e começa de novo, dessa vez num level totalmente distinto... mas que você vai atravessar melhor, porque aprendeu as manhas nas tentativas anteriores. Mas os levels não eram diferentes?Spelunky é um gerador de pequenas histórias, um mecanismo de criar experiências de apreensão, tensão, excitação (ui) e diversão (seja lá o que signifique isso). Os monstros, itens e as regras do jogo permanecem os mesmos, mas eles podem variar suas posições, quantidade e formas de funcionar segundo a programação do jogo. Por isso, cada experiência será diferente, mas vai manter similaridades com as anteirores. É difícil de entender como isso é possível, mas dá a sensação de que esse é o tipo de jogo que precisamos pro futuro: essa é a forma essencial de gerar histórias emergentes, e não inteligências artificiais perfeitas e/ou tramas bifurcantes com 500 finais diferentes."
,Recommended,239350,10081938,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Kraken,A very intense but awesome game!!!
76561197985704187,Recommended,239350,10083760,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,"SPELUNK UNTIL YOU DROP DEAD, REPEATEDLY"
76561197968718877,Recommended,239350,13165520,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,EurthoKH14,always a new experience
76561198048849716,Recommended,239350,13025368,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Darkcat809,"Fun game, can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,239350,10822023,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SFC | Ianovaril,"Frustratingly difficult at first, Spelunky quickly becomes unexpectedly addicting as you grow familiar with the mechanics. Currently at only about three and a half hours into the game, I see many more on my horizon. If you like a challenge and don't mind some retro graphics, I would highly recommend picking up this game!"
76561197984638483,Recommended,239350,13172191,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Matthew,"Does the game achieve what it sets out to do? Yes, with flying colors. It's a remake of a free pc game that adds gloss to a very hard rougelike platformer. You make mistakes. Those mistakes will lead to your death. Repeat and perfect. For a game like this to succeed, you need to have the gameplay mechanics be reliable. So you know it was your fault and not the games. In this case, this game actually has more exact animation loops and timing requirements than something like dark souls. If you found that to be somewhat clumsy. This might scratch that itch without you feeling that the game itself has let you down.It's not my favorite game, not by a long stretch. However I appreciate how it has the potential of being someone elses."
,Recommended,239350,13173897,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Avargrist,Got devastated by reckless shopkeeper who got upset by a spider inside his shop.
,Recommended,239350,13129694,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,lachy_xe,"This game is challenging and punishing, and I'm 90% sure that the engine makes decisions based on what will screw you over most, but very fun and well worth it. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,239350,13933543,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Cinnamon Bun,"It pisses you off just enough to make you want to play more. A fun but brutal rougelike, expect to die. Also, the game cheats."
,Recommended,239350,13974047,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,garbeej,"F the shopkeepers, RIGHT UP THE ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239350,14222135,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,FoN.sunshinehome,Plays:     584Deaths:  583Wins:     1
,Recommended,239350,14223879,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Haychez,The only game where I can tell me friends to go to hell.10/10
,Recommended,239350,14182664,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,hmz,"Play this with a controller if possible. The game is difficult, prepare to die countless amount of times but it is also very fun and the fact that each level is different/random any time you play it, seals the deal for me."
76561198032123058,Recommended,239350,14218461,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,GWARslave119,"THE BEST GODDAMN START SCREEN MUSIC EVERThat aside, it's a very fun random-generated Roguelike-Mr. Driller type game with a hint of Smash TV, with the latter being if you hang around too long in one level, you'll be chased by an unkillable baddie. If you like Mr. Driller and Steamworld Dig, this one's for you."
76561198084962962,Recommended,239350,14016210,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Flex0,Very easy completed it first try
76561198109147304,Recommended,239350,15477889,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mr.K,this is a super great game
76561198029398134,Recommended,239350,15612456,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Brion Foulke,Game Rating: 9 (Phenomenal)Soundtrack Rating: 8 (Excellent)
76561197968879254,Recommended,239350,15612796,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[XvX] The Trickster,Perfect mechanics that affect all elements in the game equally.Comes with a warning of potential addiction.Eight stars out of five.**May also affect mathematical ability.
,Recommended,239350,15614896,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,pervycreeper,"This game is pretty good. Fun and challenging. Worth full price, IMO.I dislike the fact that it takes so long to move from the menus and into the game, and from level to level. Please add a feature to remove these superflous time wasting animations. If you watch a speedrun on youtube, it's mostly watching these dumb redundant screens.The music and sound design is not completely to my taste.It would be nice to have more variation in level generation. As it is, it essentially connects a bunch of prefab regions (so you'll see a lot of the same structures repeating everywhere).Hoping a sequel or expansion gets made."
76561198038182326,Recommended,239350,7835752,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Lazy Christmas Sloth,Incredibly fun game however it can be very difficult. I have many hours into the original free game and their are a few things that have changed for the better and things that are slightly less convenient. Very fun game with MULTIPLAYER and many secrets such as the black market and the headjet. The best price I've seen this game at is around $3.00. If you see it at that price GET IT!!!!
76561198093176013,Recommended,239350,15549510,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,2Lazy,Warning to those learning this gameeverything kills youtrust NO ONEnot even the cute pug
,Recommended,239350,15550840,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,KerryDeVille,"I dpn't love this game like everyone else, but it is ok, atleast.6/10-Kerrydeville"
,Recommended,239350,15545691,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Wayril,"I wasted many hours of my high school computer labs playing the original version of this. (New) Spelunky adds better gaphics, more monsters, more items... Just more STUFF! It's an unforgiving rogue-like about exploring ancient ruins, and it's definitley worth your time."
,Recommended,239350,15546526,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nihohit,"Infinitely replayable, a fun and simple platformer with lots of hidden depth."
76561198031235616,Recommended,239350,15547335,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,kibop,Three words! Blue. Frog. OP.
,Not Recommended,239350,15598449,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SpaceEquilibria,"I was looking for a challenging platformer that would provide some good replay value and value for money, but I was sadly disappointed. I feel, however, that for the right person, this would be a great game. I found the experience of having to rapidly learn, to the point of instant reflexes, every part of the enemies too much for me. There is some good gameplay in here however!"
,Recommended,239350,15602469,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SirLampsAlot,I learned what it feels like to be a masochist10/10
,Recommended,239350,10213836,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Gartax,Hours and hours of fun. Quite addicting!
76561198052413797,Recommended,239350,8781842,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Fickles,Very hard and very fun for all ages bahahaha
76561198068269509,Recommended,239350,8782578,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Ryugan777,"Want a Challenge? Want a really good adventure?Spelunky is probably one the best games of this generation.Starting with a few bombs and ropes, you can die instantly with a simple mistake. the extra levels gives an awesome challenge, and the liberty of choice (buy stuff or steal it, save the ladies or sacrifice them...) makes every adventure different.The randomly generated levels are awesome, giving a new path at each game.Can you reach Olmec? Can you reach the City of Gold? Can you even go further deep than that?Can you survive in the stomach of a worm? Will you be able to destroy the Alien's Mother Base?Take your stuff, mine your way, and discover how good you are in this game.Rage and fun ahead, it's time for you to be the best Spelunker ever!"
,Recommended,239350,8587730,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Snowflake!,"A hilarious roguelike platformer that really stands out from many indie titles today. Become a treasure hunter in search of immense fortune. But be warned! There's traps and monsters between you and that treasure. Will you survive long enough to find happiness in a pile of gold and gems, or find yourself impaled on a bed of spikes? Be sure to bring three other friends along; co-op and death match can make fortune hunting an easy or hectic experience!+ Fast-paced roguelike that offers an unforgettable unique experience every playthrough+ Stuffed with large varieties of collectables and enemies+ Randomized levels with shops, treasure, and women and puppies to rescue+ Fun co-op and death match modes to share the loot or pain with others+ Snazzy music that reminds me of classic DOS games like Beneath a Steel Sky- Not too difficult a game, but it is VERY easy to die- Levels are timed in a way that discourages thorough exploration and planning- This game will make you drop F-bombs on impulse, even if you have a virgin tongue or are religious"
,Recommended,239350,8701960,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Swisscheese,10/10  would spelunk
,Recommended,239350,8860492,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,"Baron Bacon V, phd.","HELP ME! onceyougetinyounevergetoutonceyougetinyounevergetoutonceyougetinyounevergetoutonceyougetinyounevergetout ONCE YOU GET IN YOU NEVER GET OUT OF THE MINES!!YOU WILL LOSE YOUR FRIENDS, YOUR FAMILY, EVEN YOUR CAT WILL STOP TALKING TO YOU (not your dog though, those things will never ♥♥♥♥ off)!!BEHIND THE ADORABLE ART STYLE THERE IS PURE EVIL! THIS GAME IS THE DEVIL INCARNATE!!Would reccomend, 9/10"
,Recommended,239350,8860694,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,French Fancie,"Spelunky, please give me my life back!Fun and incredibly addictive gameplay with a different challenge every time you play. One reason i love playing spelunky is that there are so many secrets and techniques to discover. It is actually unbelievable how many strategies lie within this excelent game.The only downside is that it is not particularly new user friendly. My advice is to get a gamepad and just keep at it; spelunky is tough but it feels so rewarding when you finally beat it!"
,Recommended,239350,10554024,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Das,Oh god this game.... You can spend hours playing this game and never be good at it... The difficulty spike it almost vertical but when you're not condemming this game to hell it is incredibly fun to play and when you beat an area you have never felt better.
76561198076790807,Recommended,239350,10556638,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,randomgamer25,If you enjoy a difficult platformer its the game for you!
76561197997941469,Recommended,239350,10583266,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FatalJ,This game is a ♥♥♥♥....Get it!
,Recommended,239350,10585460,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sarvo,"This game is exactly like Dark Souls. That is, if dark souls was a platformer, and there weren't souls, and you couldn't level up."
76561197988186814,Recommended,239350,10587638,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Just Pokey,"With over 500 hours in the game (most on Xbox, but have bought it on every platform it's available for) I cannot stress enough how badly everyone needs to play this if they haven't already, if you see this on Steam Sale and are curious, for the love of god just give it a chance.  Making it ""To Hell and Back"" is one of the most memorable things I've ever done in a video game, and doubt that adrenaline rush will ever be topped."
,Recommended,239350,10587862,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BobGenghisKhan,"Great pick up and play game. If you don't want to get bogged down in long playthroughs and just want something you can play in short bursts, this is a great game. Very easy to learn, but it can take a long time to master."
,Recommended,239350,10592343,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Levitzo,"Everyone knows Spelunky is hard. Hard as nails. On numerous occations I found myself progressing several levels into a cave just to be killed by a seemingly unavoidable booby trap, but thats part of the appeal of Spelunky: perfect imbalance. Spelunky revives the feeling you had when you first saw Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom; you always get the sense that the enemy has some sort of advantage over you, and if you make even the slightest misstep, it could be the end.-The gameplay is buttery perfection. When you make a mistake, it feels like your fault.-The art is deceptively cute, which contrasts the gameplay well.-There's not much of a story here, but it doesn't feel needed.-The music is atmospheric, if not a bit repetitive. Thats probably because I die a lot, though.All-in-all, if you like difficult platformers, you're gonna love this one. Buy it at your own risk, though, because you may not see the light of day for a very, very long time."
76561198068255114,Recommended,239350,10593599,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dgfhdgfh,Awsome
76561198069595977,Recommended,239350,10593721,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,☯ArkTyxZ™,"This is one amazing game. Spent countless hours on this game, and I never get tired of it. One difficult game i must say, gotten over 1000 deaths and only a few wins, totally rewarding though. Well worth my money and time, would completely recomend!"
,Recommended,239350,10594019,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bootsthatshoot!,"hopelessly addicting, crushing, and then more crushing... dang crush blocks."
76561197993891572,Not Recommended,239350,10645820,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,rexstuff,"I really hate this game. It punishes you for going too fast, and it punishes you for going too slow. There is very little progress, just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over and over."
76561198072847988,Recommended,239350,14471481,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jakeowar,Amaing game you could lose many hours in this game great replay value.
,Recommended,239350,14471890,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,snowybird77,"If all you want to know is if Spelunky is worth it then YES it very much is. If you want to know more, read on.Spelunky is a roguelike at heart at every time you die you start over. It's randomly generated each time like, say Minecraft and this fact makes it very replayable. I've spent more hours in this game than i care to admit (I've played plenty offline too so 71.4 hours doesn't cut it) and i love it to bits. You can do many things in Spelunky. Try speedrunning, steal a jetpack and fly around having fun, trying to reach the golden city (which I did recently. Get on my level! Sorry just really happy about that) or just trying to collect as many things as possible and beat the boss. One of the great things about this game is the fast playing style and jumping about. The control is fluid and responsive and this game will run on most toasters you have to hand. The artstyle is cute and fits well enough and the items are pretty cool. The enemy AI is pretty one note but that just means you'll eventually make an artform of dealing with them. It's fun to jump about on top of enemies and use crazy skills to get to higher positions by jumping off them. The whip does seem to lack a little ""punch"" though if you know what i mean. Most of the other weapons are nice and satisfying though (especially the shotgun). I love how dynamic the game is with experiences. You can lure enemies into traps, steal from a shopkeeper and become a wanted criminal, throw a stunned scorpion as a weapon etc. It all goes together very nicely to create a fun experience.On to the gripes. While the different worlds are nice and creative and a welcome change of scenery there does seem to be lacking in the variety department overall and if you're not sold on trying samey levels until you reach mathematical perfection this game might not be for you. Also the  enemies are predictable if you've seen 'em a couple of times. The biggest problem I think is the occasional seemingly unfair death. And that is very true. The difficulty is quite high especially at the start and reaching a new place for the first time you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to you and everything seems like a death trap (and most things usually are). It seems intemidating and it might not be for everyone.But in the end the game is great and replayable and very much worth it (especially on sale). If you want a fun platform roguelike adventure with some nice ideas and a dynamic experience it doesn't get much better than Spelunky. Buy it and have fun.Sorry for any mistakes. English is not my first language."
,Recommended,239350,14472059,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DeadeyeDave,"Tried to rescue an adorable pug, but accidentally blew it up with a bombUndaunted, took the charred pug corpse with me to set off arrow trapsThrew it in front of an arrow trap, but it caromed into a shopkeeper's shop, where it struck and killed the slave the shopkeeper was trying to sellShopkeeper goes berserk and kills me with a shotgun9.5/10"
,Recommended,239350,14475616,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Nekrosis,10/10 would die to shop keeper again.
76561198110106206,Recommended,239350,14476253,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,greetings,28 hours in and I still haven't finished the game.
,Recommended,239350,8956590,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,A1R™,"Spelunky is just the best (rogue)platformer on steam... and yes ! you canT show me a better platformer, this game is so cute designed as hard it is ... my heart booms for this sweety game !"
76561197970742305,Recommended,239350,7562760,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Sole,So far this is fantastic for masochists. Very difficult to drink and play at the same time also.
,Recommended,239350,13860123,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Thedraked,"Excellent game, if you love rouge-likes there isnt much better than Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,7720175,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Nope,STOP BEING ADDICTING.
,Recommended,239350,13911596,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Spamster,"Despite what many of the other reviews said, you do not NEED a controller to play this game. I don't have a controller, and playing with the keyboard worked absoulutely fine, although I had to rebind the jump button because it wasn't working correctly as Spacebar. As for the actual game, it is everything that it claims to be. The random level generator manages to create a different challenge every time. Even if you recognise a certain feature of the level, it is always different. It is incredibly hard as well. I finally won last night on my 652nd attempt, so if you plan on doing well, be prepared to spend some time on it. Very enjoyable though. The music is also quite nice, so there's something else in it's favour. Oh, and the loading times are incredibly short compared to almost every other game I own, and it has never crashed for me so far. I definitely recomend that you give this game a shot."
,Recommended,239350,13914618,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,16 Empty Chairs,A very exciting and entertaining game. Would recommend it to anyone with patience. Very worth the $15.
76561198072870311,Recommended,239350,13903593,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Benny,Indiana Jones simulator. I highly recommend
76561197982862830,Recommended,239350,14421204,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NO ONE IS HERE,"After playing this game it showed me how much i love rouge like 2d games and im my opinon its one of the hardest games but super enjoyabe with cute graphics amazing gameplay and the feeling that you just want to keep playing. The Boss fights are awesome, the hidden levels are awesome such as the worm and the haunted castle. I deffenitly reccomend this game to anyone who likes rough like games. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,14490288,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sgt Rob,This is one of my all-time favorite games. It's incredibly difficult but also incredibly rewarding. I highly recommend it as long as you don't mind dying a few hundred times while learning the ropes.
,Recommended,239350,14550832,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Clovis,It's equal parts frustration and fun. Can't wait to play co-op mode.
,Recommended,239350,14552748,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tripphippie,This game is expertly crafted. I just don't have the patience for it. 11/10 would die again. (and again.)
76561198025401428,Recommended,239350,14565974,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sjukpensionären,"""♥♥♥♥ this game""get used to the phrase"
76561197971532050,Recommended,239350,7462994,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"A good 2d Platformer Roguelike: as addictive as you would expect. Not as skill-based  as Roguelegacy (a similar game), Spelunky is far more focused on casual play. Sound and Visuals are as to be expected from this style of game. Suprisingly Spelunky has multiplayer and challenge modes (which i don't bother with). Gamepad strongly recommended.You will be killed often by many things which are basically unfair: Falls which you can't really tell if they will hurt or not; Suprise enemies  - in containers or not, Off screen projectile-traps; Pitchblack maps = invisible enemy and dangers etc; The treasure boulder most of the time will agro the bosslike shopkeeper; no hit-stun immunity = i.e. losing several lives in a locked chain) . Yes I am annoyed - but I keep trying because I still love trying and hoping I will get lucky the next playthrough (I imagine the pokies are like this). Roguelegacy might have the odds stacked against you but is always strictly fair - ok, very stacked against you.Spelunky has no real sense of achieving anything the more playthroughs you do - so it is far more of a true ""Roguelike"". This is a good/bad thing depending on your preference: are you happy playing casually or not?. So there is no ""grind"" to advance further, but grind is never really an issue in these games because you already accept your inevitable failures against insurmountable odds.You will eventually find Roguelegacy to be slightly more superior overall, but Roguelegacy may be a little too hardcore for some. Get Spelunky on sale."
76561197983732123,Recommended,239350,7816735,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Gilben,"One of my favourite games of all time! It's got so many little game pieces that all interact, a ton of secrets, and a ton of challenge. I wasn't sure if it was as good as the original at first, but this version won me over after a few hours. TONS of replayability. The best action-roguelike available. Well done Mr. Yu!"
,Recommended,239350,2841390,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,WHAT IS THIS?,"Spelunky is an amazing 2D roguelike platformer.In Spelunky, you have to delve deep into caves, jungles, ice caves, temples, and even hell, all the while collecting items to help you and gold to determine your endgame score. The game's platforming is very comfortable, and once you've got the hang of it, it gives you a very organic feel that makes it easy to control where your character goes.The levels are all randomly generated. This includes the structures of the levels, the monsters, the items, the gold/ treasures.. Basically, every aspect is changed every time you play it. Sometimes you'll get a good run where you found some great items like the Jetpack, and sometimes you'll get a bad run where you're slightly off game and you've had bad luck finding good items.Spelunky is a 2D platformer, but don't let it's simplicity fool you, because it is VERY easy to die in Spelunky, even if you're having an amazing run. You could suddenly fall on some spikes, and those 20 hearts you collected won't matter one bit. You can break a pot that a snake was hiding in, get bit by the snake, fall down some ledges, have a Yeti pick you up and then endlessly toss your body against a wall until death. What I'm trying to say is; this game is very challenging at times (But if you like ultra-hard games such as Dark Souls or Binding of Isaac, you'll have a great time).As mentioned earlier, the basic goal of Spelunky is to get to the end of the game with the highest amount of gold as possible. Sometimes you'll finish a run with just over 150,000 gold, by quickly skimming through the levels. Sometimes, you will finish a run with over 200,000 gold, by scavenging every nook and cranny in the game for gold bars, treasure chests, and jewels... And finally, sometimes, you will finish a run with over a million gold, by utilizing hard game tactics such as ""Ghosting"" (You will know what this with experience). And with the Daily Challenge, every Spelunky player has 1 chance to play the exact same level as the last guy to compete for the highest score.The art style is also quite superb. Spelunky's bright and cartoonish colors are staple identifiers of the game, and in itself, are staple identifiers of where you are in the game (For example, it's very easy to tell just by the color scheme that you're delving through the mines, in an underground jungle, or in a blistering cold cave of ice).Overall, Spelunky is a tough-as-nails 2D platformer with roguelike elements that tie the game together very nicely. Albeit hard, the game is a great deal of fun, and with it's many random combinations and synergies, you can expect to sink hundreds of hours into this game, as the experience is different everytime.8.7 out of 10."
,Recommended,239350,7636205,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Kyoko ♛,A great game that I feel more people should be playing. Nice music and nice gameplay with good difficulty!
,Recommended,239350,7817460,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Xearo,"Loads of fun. Lots of different ways to finish it, decent challenge and satisfying to progress in it. Have played about 21 hours so far and got it for 2 keys. Would recommend picking it up for cheapsies."
76561198046233727,Recommended,239350,7812145,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,dfens00,"A sort of Super Mario-ish platformer where you explore randomly generated dungeons. Grab what loot you can and kill what you have to to make it to the end before time runs out. Considered a ""rogue-like"" because you only get one life. Simple and fun."
76561198003570750,Recommended,239350,7868073,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Deadlock,"Funny little platform game, but pretty damn hard! At the start you will keep on dying in a lot of ways, but over time, you'll learn how to dodge those arrow traps and how to survive. So far I only made it to the second stage, but the game stays interesting, no matter how often you die. This is due to the randomly generated levels, collectible loot and items and other funny stuff you can encounter. However, sometimes the game seems a little too unforgiving with only 4 HP for the whole game and 9001 ways to take damage (but I guess that's permadeath for ya ^^).If you decide to buy this: PLAY IT WITH A GAMEPAD. No excuses."
,Recommended,239350,7870800,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,HAL9000,Excellent remake with a wonderful vibe. The higher production value and endless re-playability turns it into a modern rogue-like classic.
,Recommended,239350,7871184,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Charge,THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD I LOVE IT
,Recommended,239350,1160990,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Swizard,"One of those games that'll have you coming back for hours on end without you noticing. Hard as hell, but as satiffying as it is hard."
76561198097572514,Recommended,239350,8376447,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,rolney,Good game
,Recommended,239350,16566103,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Thirst Person Shooter,"The biggest impression I get from this game is how ""solid"" it all seems. The music and art are distinct and enjoyable, the controls are extremely tight, and all the different secret areas to explore as well as the multiplayer content just make this an airtight, well-rounded piece of video game.The multiplayer IS very fun, by the way. Co-op requires the players to have the co-ordination of a SWAT team, and deathmatch is equal parts frantic ♥♥♥♥fest and ninja duel."
76561198046646677,Recommended,239350,16571431,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nigerian Sailor,I want to krill myslef.
,Recommended,239350,16574412,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vasaru,Probably my all time favorite platformer. My gawd is this game fun to play.
,Recommended,239350,16575768,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Wirt,Saw a shopkeeper with a shotgun...The peeps that have played this game will know.100000000000000000000000000000000/1000000000000000000000000000000
,Recommended,239350,16508132,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ka:cpi,It's hard. I love it.
,Recommended,239350,16527691,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FinnCowbell,"I play this game when I'm upset, usually"
76561198071782359,Not Recommended,239350,16286446,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Fappy Bunny,"I wanted to like it. Originally I thought it would be something more akin to a cross between SteamWorld and Rogue Legacy.In fact, it is neither. You get very short runs in the dungeons with no options for growth or plot. The only thing you can do is try to dig to the next limit where you'll get a new quick-port to the surface, or possibly a new fancy hat.But it's just so sad and pointless. It really is."
,Recommended,239350,16358434,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hiru,Never have I tried so many times to kill a shopkeeper. Except maybe in Bayonetta.
,Recommended,239350,16402648,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,German Doctor,"Ready for the challenge?Spelunky is a very challenging, addicting game that takes hours upon hours of practice to beat."
,Recommended,239350,16910892,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dairnon,Story - 0/10 Not really anyGameplay - 15/10Music - 20/10Graphics - 5/10Preformance - 10/10Online - 0/10Final Verdict - 50/50Good game.
76561198012288514,Recommended,239350,16917475,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Wafflecakes,Remember those days when you were a kid and cried because you kept dying and dying in videogames? Well those days are back!
76561198036566590,Recommended,239350,17420702,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dando,"I find very little fault with Spelunky. However, this is what I do findunfair:When you come upon an automated arrow shooter block in the mines, you can be shot by it as soon as it reveals itself on the screen. For example, if you are walking/running to the right, and come across an arrow shooter on the same ""plane/level"" as you, you will be shot without warning, thus losing 2 hearts.Also, angering the shopkeeper can be a bit silly at times. For example, if another one of those arrow shooter blocks spawned facing the shopkeeper and a mob triggers that, the arrow hits the shopkeeper, it's my fault. If a boulder hits his shop it's my fault. Consdering how OP the shopkeeper is, I consider this a very unfair disadvantage.Finally, the random generation of ""dark"" levels, or levels with hardly any light seems a bit unfair. *It is not as bad as the above things mentioned, however it seems as though the creator thought it would be fun to have a dark level in the game and just threw it in somewhere.With that said, I absolutely love the game. People complain about the controls, however I find them to be just fine. They take some getting used to, but they are definitely functional. The graphics are great along with the music (that I find entertaining). I love the many things to explore in the game as well.The people who say this game is ""luck"" have not played this game for more than a few hours. My skills in this game progressed after an hour or two tremendously. They kept progressing, allowing me to beat the levels that I could not beat before. That isn't luck. If you have played this game for a while and still believe it is mainly luck, it is probably because you have not attained the skills to move on to the next level yet, or you have not learned from your mistakes. Much of the game is exploring new things, and learning from them. HOWEVER, I do agree that there is some luck involved, including the above points mentioned that I considered ""unfair"".All in all, this is game is extremely challenging, and nothing is really handed to you. As other reviewers have said, *almost* everything in the game is your own fault. With no sales at the time, 15 dollars were well spent."
,Recommended,239350,10811067,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,EuphoriacA,"Excellent game with randomly generated enviroments every time with each day spawning a new daily challenge for you to have direct competition with friends.  High learning curve keeps you interested and sometimes frustrated but always willing to put the extra couple tries in to try and get even further forward to the next area.  Plenty of cheivos and 10 cards if that's what you're looking for, giving you specific goals in runs along with always having the need to get to the end of the game via 2 possibilities.  But even after finishing the game, you won't have always seen or unlocked everything with a beefy list of unlockable, playable characters, some by rng and some by completing specific hidden tasks.Takes a few minutes to learn but surely 100+ hours to master.  Must buy for fans of rogue likes and must buy for spelunky enthusiasts."
76561198097675040,Recommended,239350,7255380,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Bag1124,A fun game with a challenge that will laugh at you when you die. You will die alot.
76561198027382456,Not Recommended,239350,16952372,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Killy Mcgee,Give this one a pass.  Nothing much of interest here.
,Recommended,239350,16996361,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,TacticalTruth,"Spelunky: Don’t Mess UpSpelunky… Boy, this game. If you don’t know what it is, then buckle up! In many ways Spelunky is one of a kind. Many games are similar, but no game is just like Spelunky. It’s controls are tight, responsive, and precise. It’s difficulty is unforgiving, but not insurmountable. It rewards creativity with success, and punishes laziness with brutal and embarrassing failure. This game can be rage inducing. It is one of the few games that can really just crush me and rile me up. There is nothing worse, than having everything go perfectly, only to watch your entire run crumble in an instant when something unpredictable happens and you’re helplessly caught in the crossfire. As an example, I was in the Ice Caves, the games third area, and I was doing quite well. I had plenty of health, and all the items I could ask for to make my run easier. Unfortunately a certain type of enemy in the Ice Caves explodes upon death, and the debris from this explosion can actually hurt you. I knew this, but had no reason to assume an enemy off screen would land on a land-mine, die, and be jettisoned across the level. And then explode sending debris into me, causing me to fly back and slide across the ice, off of a platform, and then fall to my doom.My entire run, destroyed. It took me thirty minutes to get where I was. And it crumbled in a 600th of the time. I didn’t play for awhile after that…But don’t let this deter you. Spelunky might be hard, and… honestly there is no ‘might’ - it is hard. and does not apologize for it. But that’s the allure of this game.It’s hard, and mean. But damnit, you’re a badass if you can beat it.The nerve wrackingly high stakes are what make it so great. Really. If you want to get your adrenaline pumping, get to the later sections of a Spelunky run, and start dealing with the traps, enemies, and obstacles this game throws at you. I have been playing video games for nineteen years. This game is up there as one of the most heart pounding.Spelunky is one of the many games that falls into the Rogue-like genre.  It has a procedurally generated world - meaning it is random every time. You start off with the bare minimum needed to succeed, and are thrust into a world hell bent on murdering you and laughing at your corpse.Sounds fun, right?Right...?It shouldn’t be difficult to tell that I love hard games. I have put hundreds of hours into the Monster Hunter and Souls games, Ninja Gaiden, Dragon’s Dogma and many others. So it should be no surprise that I love games like Spelunky. Games that present steep challenges to overcome using their particular rule sets.And that defines Spelunky perfectly. It’s a game of rules. Once you learn it’s rules, you can excel. Everything acts and reacts in a particular way. That eventually can be easier to predict and react to. Although there will always be those strange outliers where the stars align and you shoot an alien with your shotgun, it explodes and one of the chunks hits a landmine. Causing it to explode sending a rock flying at you, hitting you in the chest, sending you careening backward off of a platform. Falling onto a yeti who then throws you into a wall causing you to bounce off said wall back towards the yeti who then throws you into the same wall locking you into an eternity of pain and suffering, crushing your spirit and ending your life.But hey, it makes for a hilarious story.The game also has a great amount of depth, with a shockingly large amount of random “event” and hidden levels for you to find. As well as a very hard to unlock “secret” end boss that requires you to play through the game perfectly in order to attempt to beat him. I have made it to him once or twice in probably 500+ attempts. But, once you make it there. You can do it again. Spelunky is one of those games that, once you understand how it works, it seeps into your bones. You might be out of practice, but the game has conditioned you to play in a particular style that will reap success even if you’re not on your A game.as an example of the depth and difficulty, here is what is needed in order to get to the ‘secret boss’:-Be warned! If you don’t want to know specifics, skip the next few paragraphs.-In the Mines (the games first area) you must find two items, a key and a chest. Inside the chest is the Ujad Eye, needed to find a hidden level in the Jungle (area two). These two items are in one of the Mine’s four levels. If you miss it you can still progress towards the secret area, but it becomes significantly more difficult.In the Jungle you use the Eye to locate the entrance to Black Market, which is filled with items. In the black market there is the Ankh. This item is necessary for your advancement. Without it the secret area is locked out. Period. It costs 50k gold, a very large sum of money. Or... If you don’t possess the money, you can always kill the NPCs in the area and steal it (at your own risk!). But make sure you don’t die, as the Ankh will break and Revive you. But, this stops your progress because you need the Ankh for later!Now in the third area, the Ice Caves, there is a large Moai Head, with which you cannot normally interact. However, if you have the Ankh, and die on the level it is present in, it will revive you within the Head. Giving you the Hedjet. One of the most important items in the process.Now with the Hedjet, you need to get to the Temple. The games fourth area. In the Temple, you need to find Anubis (always on level 4-1) and kill him, and take his Scepter. NOW, with the Scepter, you need to get to the City of Gold, an optional area only available if you have the Hedjet, and the Scepter.Once in the City of Gold, you have to kill Anubis again, and steal the Necronomicon.NOW, you then have to beat Olmec, the game’s ‘Final Boss’... and make sure you kill him in the right spot, because you then use him as a platform to enter Hell.The games ‘secret’ and true final area. Only accessible with the Necronomicon. Which is only available with the Scepter and Hedjet.. which can only be gotten if you use the Ankh in the right level… Yeah…Now that you’ve made it to Hell, you have to ACTUALLY MAKE IT to the Final level, 5-4, and fight Yama, the king of the underworld.As if getting to him wasn’t hard enough, now you actually have to kill him.I haven’t been able to pull it off myself… But damn if it isn’t a rush when you get there.-Spoilers over!-I know it sounds like a lot, BUT what I laid out in the last few paragraphs is really more of an endgame objective. But it truly is very fun to try and strive for. Each time seeing yourself improve, getting just a little further with every attempt. Until finally you routinely make it to hell and kill Yama on the Daily Challenge without breaking a sweat…I can understand why games like spelunky are intimidating. However, if you go into it with the right attitude I think that anyone can enjoy it.This game is amazing, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good challenge.Yeah it might sound impossible, but it really isn’t. It’s one of those games that every time you die “One more run!” plays in your head. And then two hours go by and you didn’t even realize it.Spelunky is well worth the effort it requires you put into it!"
,Recommended,239350,17073199,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Master DEDDY,makes me want to die more than I already have
76561198125917950,Recommended,239350,17083737,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Agodsey2,"Very fun game, had it on my Xbox, and it was so good i had to get it for computer. With amazing gameplay and randomly-generated floors, this is a gem of a game."
76561198173858759,Recommended,239350,16783595,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,lthancock01,great game
76561198172273378,Recommended,239350,17067557,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,NotDavin,it stopped
,Recommended,239350,17019025,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,saibot,Music: 8.5/10Graphic style: 9/10Replayability: 10/10Gameplay: These go to eleven/10Verdict: 9.99/10
,Recommended,239350,17026994,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,rogue_cate_ CSOFFER.ME,A very good if Indiana Jones was a pixelated character game.
,Recommended,239350,15435560,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Just A Good Guy,Incredible game!It's definitely worth the time (lots of HARD time).(^<>^)
,Recommended,239350,17890429,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,N7_Maxima,"Designed just for MASOCHISMANICS, 10/10 would recommend."
76561198134409942,Recommended,239350,18021608,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,numnumFe,great game you can play it over and over again. You need patience and its kind of hard but it is still really fun.
,Recommended,239350,686178,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Mario,This game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but so fun to play!
,Recommended,239350,17978704,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,mollusk,"Spelunky HD stays mostly true to the original with only a few new items. I like this part. This review is positive so far, right? But in other ways, Spelunky HD seems like a version of Spelunky designed only to make you angry. It feels like there are problems with controls, for example the Spelunker hangs on ledges too easily, wasting time and causing accidents, particularly with speedy incoming bats. Unfortunately, it's also twice as bad when you have climbing gloves. Then there are things that could cause problems if you're not lucky, for example, in the Ice Caves a spring pad can spawn next to the exit door, and a freezy-goat-thing can spawn above the door, forcing you to try to land directly between them just to get to the door and end the level.I'm not trying to hate on Spelunky HD just because it's the sequel to a game I loved very much. I just feel like the game was never play-tested quite enough, or any problems found were ignored. It's also not about the game being slightly harder than the original. It's that the problems with the game make it irritating to play.That said, there is of course much to be said about the amount of effort put into this remake. The graphics, music, and sound effects are shiny and new. I believe it can stand up to the original just because it's still such a familiar game overall, but it could be better, maybe even better than the original, with a few loving fixes."
76561198211559628,Recommended,239350,18005459,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,cmsaucier82,fun yet challenging i dont like having to start over every time but its easy to get the hang of. wish it wasnt as hard as it is. still a cool game
,Recommended,239350,18064243,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Paul Nixon,Yeah it is pretty- ♥♥♥♥ING SPIKES10/I DIED AGAIN
,Recommended,239350,2096181,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,SodaAddict,"Never the same. Always challenging. Great art style with Amazing music. Worth buying multiple times. If you think you seen it all, you haven't!"
76561198071393341,Recommended,239350,17388344,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dr. DoorKnob,"Spelunky is a game were you go spelunking, and is rougelike. The best rougelike game."
,Recommended,239350,17393089,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jamoone,Still haven't beaten hell....
,Recommended,239350,17393295,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Redsnowss,I liked watching videos of this game.Too bad I suck at the game. (more like I don't want to spend time to get gud.)
,Recommended,239350,17308872,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,div3rse__,"Probably one of my favorite games ... not just one of my favorites, possibly my favorite ever.  This game is so enjoyable and challenging, you really get sucked in."
,Recommended,239350,17886747,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,𝚂𝙴𝙼𝙿,"From what I can see, as far as 2D platformers go, Spelunky is an excellent, excellent game.Not my cup of tea, so I'm not sure I'll get into it yet - but the hour or so I have spent playing it for now have been good fun. If you like this genre of games, there's a lot of fun to be had here for you, don't hesitate and buy this game, well worth the price."
76561198093244316,Recommended,239350,16960589,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,mdastoforoff,"I've been addicted to video games since I was a kid and PacMan was the big game, I owned an atari 2600 (and many systems since), spent countless quarters in the 80's and early 90's on arcade games, have easily played thousands of different video games, and must say this would (probably) easily place in the top 50 all time games in my opinion (franchise series like Mario or Final Fantasy would only be allowed one vote per franchise for my rankings because just those two franchises alone would have over a dozen games that could make my list). If you want an easy game, this game is not for you, in fact if you value your sanity at times then this game is not for you, however if you enjoy having a couple of snakes running after you (one of them spitting acid at you), a spider dropping down on his web at you, a bat swooping down on you, and a caveman who is willing to play handball with you as the ball, all the while avoiding the spikes at the end of the screen as you jump down onto the next platform, and figuring out how the hell you are going to throw and time  your last bomb up and at a ridiculous angle to try to save the damsel, and then only to find that your damsel decides to fall into the spikes, which somehow triggers a big stone face to launch his arrow out only to explode a tnt box which upsets the shopkeeper who decides that you are enemy #1 for the rest of your entire game, and then it starts to get a bit hard, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,239350,15288019,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,madamoizillion,"The thing I love most about Spelunky is that it emphasizes improvement at the game, not just level memorization. There's no way to memorize a level when each level is unique. This way, you actually have to hone your attention to detail and reflexes.I highly doubt I will ever get bored with Spelunky. :)"
,Recommended,239350,15312409,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Michael,"This game is difficult. Take a look at my playtime: all that, and I haven't made it past the ice caves.That being said, it's also one of the money enjoyable experiences I've had with a videogame. Make no mistake, though, that clearing it 100% will -not- be easy. Definitely a worthwhile investment for those who enjoy a good challenge."
76561198035530327,Recommended,239350,15159861,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Qubonsky,Pretty hard but very enjoyable.
,Recommended,239350,1908806,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,n8chur,Great game.
76561198163152885,Recommended,239350,16191626,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,plattj95,great game forces you to improve at it to do well without being cheap with enemies or difficulty
76561197972755947,Recommended,239350,16147947,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,CronoCat,For people that want a retro classic without the retro graphics. #thatrhymed
,Recommended,239350,16216423,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wontimm,CALL 519-329-9199
76561198058611095,Recommended,239350,16378755,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NegativeSpace3,"This game has taught me patience, and also to hate those awful, awful Croc Men. Nobody likes telefragging. But in all honesty, this has made me very methodical and plotting, so if you're aiming to become a failure-hardened villian, feel free to buy this.Try Again\10"
76561197993746506,Recommended,239350,16433689,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Spiffulous,Positives:Extremely addicting despite constant pointless deaths.Negatives:High difficulty level.
76561198154436253,Recommended,239350,16421621,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,cormier.ge,Super frustrationgbut I cant stop playing
,Recommended,239350,16427676,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Meowizard,"No matter how many times I die in the first dungeon, it still feels like I'm making progress through the game. And for me, that makes it very addicting.This game is not for players who can't handle failure in a game. You will fail A LOT. I usually fail because I did something stupid, like hit myself in the face with a rock. But you can just as easily fail at no fault of your own. I argue that this is part of the charm of Spelunky but I know some would disagree.My most ridiculous death would have be attacking an orange frog and attempting to jump away, only to get knocked back towards it by another monster. The frog exploded, knocking me down a deep chasm, where I landed face-first in a spike pit. My corpse was then attacked by another monster. I laughed and started another round.I also really find it funny to get a good game going, reach a shop and decide ""♥♥♥♥ it"", kill the shop keeper, rob the shop, and suffer the consequences for the rest of my short pathetic life. Shop keepers are brutal, if you mess with them. You should probably play carefully around them, if you don't want to get hunted down and shot. But if like me you find screwing with NPCs and dying in ridiculous ways funny, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,239350,16326373,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,anti_fun,You will pay for your crimes.
,Recommended,239350,16327836,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Whenpenguinsfly,this is a great game to play with friends I play it all the time.
76561198041875341,Recommended,239350,16323995,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DukyHD,"Very hard game, but a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game!!"
,Recommended,239350,16253995,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Unreal Ed,"Just simply a revolutionary game. Before this, procedurally generated content was not a thing, and it is rarely ever made as well as here. A true gem."
,Recommended,239350,16293048,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,guruslum,"Just saying upfront, you should buy this game. Now then, on with the reasons!Pros:This game is a charm to look at, and the music, while not having the largest soundtrack, is good nonethelessA good rougelike experienceFantastic controls, and the controller options will please manyVery fun gameplayRandomly generated stagesRandom events that pop up from time to time, with different ones appearing in the different uh, worlds? I don't know what to call them...Challenging gameplayCharacters to unlockTons of items to mess around withTons of secrets to findA wide variety of traps to overcomeShops and other structures to interact withA spooky figure which can increase your riches if you want to take the riskThat feeling when you beat the game (I've yet to beat it the HARD way though...)Cons:Off-screen arrow traps are fair and balancedDeath has several negative side effects which can harm your wallet, table flipping is one of the most common actions that go along with death."
76561198069407799,Recommended,239350,16176648,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,99¢ Warrior,"This game can be very challenging at times, but when you get the hang of it, it can be very fun - with a new challenge every time you die!"
,Recommended,239350,16470475,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr Dan Jenkins,"I just bought this for the third time. Yes, I own three copies of this game, it's that good!I first bought this on XBL, sank hundreds of hours into it both solo & co op.I then bought it fromGOG.comso I could play on PC instead, sank hundreds of hours into it both solo & co op.Why buy it a third time from Steam if I already have it installed on my PC from somewhere else?Because this game is perfect. It is one of the greatest games in the last twenty years and after several years it is still the first game I consider whether playing alone or with company."
,Recommended,239350,967852,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Forgetful Brain,"Gwuh. Forget Dark Souls - you want a game with a tagline ""Prepare to Die,"" this should be the one. It's been a long time since I've played such a punishing game - and I do mean punishing. The game both encourages you to speed through each level (by spawning a ghost that will most likely kill you if you linger more than a few minutes on a stage), yet also punishes you for being too hasty, by dropping a spider or arrow or block on your head if you're not careful to check your surroundings. 11 hours in, and I'm at 200+ deaths and have only seen the second world a handful of times. Unlike Rogue Legacy, your progress is not rewarded with anything that makes progressive playthroughs easier (except unlockable shortcuts to the later worlds), so your advancement depends solely on your skill and getting to know the game. It's a brutal experience, with tight controls and a great art style. If you're an OCD gamer and crap at platformers (like myself), you may wish to keep your distance, lest you break something in sheer agony after the umpteenth death... and yet still find yourself picking up the game once again the next day. ""I'll make it, this time!"" Riiiight..."
,Recommended,239350,7779956,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Force Lemmy,"Great game, great music. Overall its worth the 15 dollars, its even more worth it when its on sale."
,Recommended,239350,7781088,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,GUY,"I LOVE this game. One of the best games you will ever play and hardest too. There is nothing like the amount of gratficatioonn of Finally beating Spelunky after days and days of playing. If you are like me, I watched a lot of other people play this and I thought to myself. Spelunky is easy I got this and about 100-200 deaths on the first couple of levels.......yeah this is not easy. I mean if you are a hardcore platformer player unlike myself Spelunky may be easy for YOU...You my friend are a golden god but for me and the rest of the world Spelunky is one of the hardest games I've ever played and beaten. I can not recommend this game enough to the young and old. I have a youtube channel, not to promote myself but I got into the habit of playing it every day. It's like a drug now, I'm trying to stop making videos of it now becasue my channel is flooded with it. I just can't stop playing it. If you want check out my channel@https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxKY_StsI-Q5HMaX7FJ1yXQp.s. I know my grammer is horrible...."
76561197989085865,Recommended,239350,1200581,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Shitty Cat,"Great , fun and addictive game :D"
,Recommended,239350,7787903,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Spongeykev,"Spelunky is a game that keeps me coming back, mainly due to this sort of vendetta I seem to have developed due to the surprising difficulty level, but in another way, as a randomly generated roguelike, which I'm increasingly finding myself quite fond of lately. It is unfortunate that this game hasn't aquired more of a following than it deserves.I wholeheartedly recommend this game if you enjoy a challenge, although if you are not already used to difficult games then you may have a bad experience. Also, it is worth of mention that while randomly generated in it's mechanics, the combination of pickups in limited to somewhere in the region of 10 pickups and does not nearly make for as customisable as say, for example, The Binding of Isaac, but this is more than made up for by the gameplay in it's almost tormenting implementation of what usually becomes very limited resources like bombs and ropes.Exxcellent game, a star of it's genre."
76561197990990889,Recommended,239350,1301003,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Jerres,ITS SOOO DAMN HARD
,Recommended,239350,7789567,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CharColt,"Spelunky is one of those games where you will die multiple times, and don't kid yourself you WILL die, but that's where the replay value comes into play because if you die you will have to start all over again. There is literally no hand holding in this game and you will find yourself dying in the most asinine of ways. Oh did I forget to mention that if you die you have to start all over from the mines 1-1, unless you unlock the shortcuts, where you can start at the beginning of the four stages in the game. Although, if you use he shortcuts you won't rank up on the leaderboards or have access to items you would've gotten if you've progressed through the game normally. Even if you beaten the game once there's always a desire to play again because of the randomly generated levels. There's also secret levels and characters to unlock as you play through the game. Spelunky is very addicting and I find it very hard to stop once I get going."
,Recommended,239350,1861125,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Mentaro,Stupid me does stupid things and dies stupid deaths in a stupid fun and stupidly addictive rogue-like platformer.
,Recommended,239350,16639193,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,joe,this game is fun as hell love this style of  gameplay
,Recommended,239350,16667778,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,hellolucy2,"Honestly, this game is so hard I've played for an hour but still cannot get past the tutorial.10/10 would get insta-killed by spikes again"
76561198133984291,Recommended,239350,16668736,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[//Ramo],I suck at this game but I can't stop playing it.10/10
,Recommended,239350,16669307,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,magmaniac,Bombs. Lots of bombs.10/10
,Recommended,239350,16677324,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,shark justice warrior,Probably one of the best platformers out there.
,Recommended,239350,7541010,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Blaklyte,"Really addictive game, as soon as you die you want to start an other one to see if you can do better."
76561197997909445,Recommended,239350,16701263,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,wafflekitty,"This is an okay roguelite platformer. Its really unforgiving though. Only pick this up if you want a very, very hard roguelite. Getting the good ending will pretty much require a guide cuz there's no hints or hand-holding about how to do it yourself."
,Recommended,239350,16702205,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,HGtheOG,"Fun, addicting, skill-based roguelike.  You will laugh.  You will cry.  You will feel like a champ one level only to die to a bat in the next one.  Even though it's insanely difficult, this game is fair; every time something bad happens, you know what you did wrong and what you should have done instead.This game is the pinnacle of game design.  Take, for example, the bats.  They hang upside down and move towards you diagonally.  You can jump on them or whip them from the side, but are defenseless if they attack from the top.  Because the exit is located on the bottom of the level, you are going to set off these bats and you will have to move away from them  horizontally for the bats to be on level with you.  Movement, location, items that you are holding, are all crucial in how you can deal with these enemies.And the mechanics are deeper then first meets the eyes.  For example, many of the objects are breakable.  A skull, for instance, will break when you damage it once.  You can still use it to set off an arrow trap if you set the skull gently down the edge so that it will fall.  These little mechanics you can combine in predictable ways gives this game the depth that you usually don't find in other games.About the only complaint i have for this game is that it literally objectifies women.  She is like many other object in the game in the ways in which you can interact with her.  You can whip her.  You can use her to take an arrow for you or just throw her down a pit.  Or sacrifice her on an altar.  If you save, she gives you a kiss that heals you, during which her women-parts bounce up and down.  I don't fully know how I feel about that.In all, if you like to think about game design, you can learn a thing or two from this game.  Not all roguelikes are as well-designed as this one. (Binding of Isaac comes to mind as an example of a roguelike that's not very interesting in terms of design / mechanics).Or, if you like difficult games that reward you based on your knowledge and skills, you'll like this game."
76561198153936599,Recommended,239350,16767751,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DapBanana [GameTame.com],fun
76561198195858090,Recommended,239350,16769032,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dip McDipsworth,this is theeee hardest game I have ever played...
76561197972438791,Not Recommended,239350,15998503,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Von Schlachthofen,"This game could be great but it isn't. Or maybe it is if you are a masochist. People regard Spelunky as a challenging game but that is an understatement. It is in truth insanely difficult. Nothing wrong with a challenge but this is plainly unfair. For example you sometimes have to jump down into an area off screen with no clue whats waiting down there. And for the most part you will land in a spike trap. Common enemies in the game are spiders which cling to the ceiling and drop down on you when you pass under them. Nothing wrong with that. It however becomes unfair when they drop on you from off screen, where you have no chance of knowing they are there. But those are only minor annoyances compared to the shop keepers. Each of whom is a shotgun wielding maniac speeding around at insane speeds once they become aggressive. You might think now: No problem, just don't♥♥♥♥♥♥em off by stealing or attacking. Unfortunately that's not an option as most of the time it will not be your fault at all, since environment induced damage will trigger them most of the time. For example, if there is a golden idol in the same level as a shop, the large rock which is triggered by picking up the idol will in EACH CASE waltz the shop keeper's place, who will be mad at you. This would still be not so much of a deal if it wasn't for the fact that once you♥♥♥♥♥♥off ONE shop owner, all others you meet later will be hostile too. I think this is a pure and obvious design flaw.For me this game is utterly unplayable. Not that I didn't try. I tried hard. Again and again and again. I always think: ""Why not give it another go? Maybe I will be more lucky this time."" But seriously, it is not going to get any better. It's a shame because the game looks so pretty and inviting and COULD be enjoyable if it wasn't so extremely rage inducing.For myself I have decided now, to not give it another go and just uninstall, never looking back at it."
76561197970901170,Recommended,239350,20440435,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Remember Politeness,Pretty much the most addictive game of my entire Steam library. I can see myself returning for years.
,Recommended,239350,20496191,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Frost,Good.
76561198193883061,Recommended,239350,20409745,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sans,21
76561198130526932,Not Recommended,239350,20459713,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sygg,"A lot of people will say that if you don't enjoy this game, it's because you lack the skill to play it. Maybe they're right, maybe they aren't. I'm leaning towards it doesn't matter, because honestly this game is not well designed. The randomization feature is often not as random as it should be, resulting in levels that feel only slightly different from each other, allowing almost-memorization to speed you through the game. The enemies are interesting looking, and that's about it. Either they leap at you, shoot something at you, or wiggle about in place. There's no variety, and their hit boxes are questionable at best. The addition of one hit kill traps honestly feels extremely out of place in this game, as it's the only real danger you face. After everything else does one heart of damage, running into a spike trap and dying instantly feels out of place and jarring. This game does not follow the tenents of game design, as in, 'Do not attempt to trick the player into dying, merely give them a challenge.'.  Well, the game isn't challenging, and it attempts to trick you too often, so, in closing, it's mediocre at best, garbage at worst. I don't feel too bad though, I bought it for like, fifty cents on a steam sale."
,Recommended,239350,8421658,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,witchy,"Spelunky is really cool.Yes, it is hard. Super hard. You will die a lot. And I mean a lot, like sometimes you will jump across a chasm and an arrow trap you couldn't see will kill you or sometimes you will try to throw a rock at an enemy just to have it bounce back and kill you. But the hardness has some dregree of fairness too, everything is there for you to see, and once you die to something the only way it will kill you again is if you're not careful.There is a time limit on every level after which a ghost will begin haunting you, this leads to some tricky situations where you must weight exploration versus your own health. Spelunky is a hectic game by nature, and it ends as quick as it begins.If you are not sure, Derek Yu released an earlier version of Spelunky for PC, you can look it up online for free, it is NOT the same as this Spelunky, some mechanics are slightly different and there is loads of new content, but the idea of the game is the same and it will give you a good feeling if you want to buy this game.All in all Spelunky's difficulty will probably squeeze several hours of gameplay out of you, and those are fun hours, not ""this is okay"" hours."
,Recommended,239350,20531282,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Is Orange,Great gamePros-endless playing-controller support-local coop-great art and music-randomized levelspeople only hate it because they suck and have no patience
,Recommended,239350,20571084,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,daniel.jozsef,"Spelunky made me remember what video games were about when I was a kid... It's an game of skill and exploration, quite difficult but not unfair. An extremely well made piece."
,Recommended,239350,20592418,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ZikkityZak О Hападении,"It's very entertaining, very confuing (but I like it), and very awesome!"
76561198056981204,Recommended,239350,20573390,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Paprikachu,Fun and challenging.
76561198212830105,Recommended,239350,20599020,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Bone Man,"Make it to hell. get killed by the same bat that has been haunting you since the cave.Next run, get killed by spikes on first level.10/10 would cry hysterically again"
,Recommended,239350,20552686,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,jmomo,"I got a lot of playtime out of this game. The randomly generated levels combined with a limited time pushes you forward, if you want to go or not.Some aspects of the game are very challenging; maybe a little too hard for me."
,Recommended,239350,20553429,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Plushie,"Fun, challenging, replayable, secret paths, random levels, great game."
,Recommended,239350,20655244,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Grooomp,it's alright i guess
,Recommended,239350,19971892,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,moony,achivementGood teamwork : 4 out of 10Made it  : 5 out of 10To hell and  back :  7 out of 10Speedlunky : 8 out of 10Big money : 8 out of 10Low scorer : 10 out of 10
76561198153503873,Recommended,239350,20634774,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SonicWIzard,this game is harder than dark souls.no really. you will die. Everything in this adorable game wants to murder you in the worst way.but thats what makes it fun!10/10 would accidently♥♥♥♥♥♥off shopkeep again
76561197976327138,Recommended,239350,20613935,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,becephalus,A great little game for those who like platforming.  As someone who is not crazy about platforming and is missing parts of a few fingers it is mostly just frustrating.  Still looks like it is great at what it does.
76561198210784267,Recommended,239350,20607251,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,derp,G O D      D A M N      T U N N E L M A N     WHY U REQQUIRE A GOLD KEY FROM MINES ANYWAY
,Recommended,239350,16107558,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,JiFFY,Recommended by C9 Sneaky
76561198043783506,Recommended,239350,16110811,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[self-titled],"Having a perfect run so far. Get to ice caves. Try to be brave. USe mattock to dig into treasure room with shopkeeper, trying to stealth kill him with boots. He notices me. Jumps up and down like a kid hopped up on sugar and cocaine. Gets out of hole I dug. Throws me across the map of the ice caves into the pit below. All because i wanted a gun. I hate Spelunky.10/10"
76561198108398125,Recommended,239350,15703706,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Roboraptre 9001,10/10 Had the most fun i ever had failing miserably.
,Recommended,239350,15588202,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Chrono01,"A great game for anyone looking for a challenge, spelunky is my top played steam game by far with over 300 hours and i've still only barely beaten hell. While rage inducing, this game draws me back almost everyday. Definitly worth my money."
,Not Recommended,239350,15588900,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Matt606,"I bought this on sale and even so, it was a real disappointment for me. As someone who beat the original free game around 30 times I don't feel that this game warrants a purchase. The developers did not add nearly enough to make it worthwhile and I consider the mobile-friendly graphics change a downgrade from the original, along with the music.If this is your first experience with the game you will probably very much enjoy it, but just so you know there is a free PC version with more interesting pixelated graphics and a fantastic soundtrack.I really wish I didn't spend my money on this version of it."
,Recommended,239350,16039201,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Longshanks266,"10/10Tight controls, random level generation, tremendous music and very difficult. I love everything about this game. One of my 10 favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,239350,16079599,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Satrick Ptewart,great game
76561198141389223,Recommended,239350,16070633,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dorvking,one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,239350,16083093,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"SPELUNKY is this wonderful game that has the power to make a forgotten genre (or at least a genre that not many people know) relevant again. It was revolutionary! The first roguelike that was popular with a broad mass of people and it also was one of the first Indiegames that were successful. What you'll get here is not the original version of SPELUNKY but the enhanced one released on Xbox Live. So what is the masterpiece that is SPELUNKY? You play as an Indiana Jones-like character that ventures into a temple/mine/dungeon (or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ this is supposed to be) to find and claim the shiny treasures that hide inside. To my knowledge SPELUNKY was the first 2D-plattforming-rogue-like. And man is this game is a good rogue-like! It's not a traditional roguelike but it sure is a good one! No matter how often you try to get to EL Dorado it never gets old. Even if you die it's really entertaining (especially if you corpse get thrown through the whole temple because of an eyplosion!). It's fun, rewarding, challenging and sometimes frustrating, but that's what makes SPELUNKY so great! It's awesome!In fact it was so awesome that a little Indie Dev named Edmund McMillen was inspired to make the ""rather successful BINDING OF ISAAC! This game is the root of modern roguelikes and Indiegames; it was a Milestone in the gaming history!"
,Recommended,239350,847128,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,dbldn,GOTY for the rest of my life.
,Recommended,239350,11622012,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,solidawesomeness,"One time I was being a bit reckless, going through the levels at a faster pace than usual just to try to win without a high score. I jumped down a hole without looking, got hit by an arrow trap, knockback sends me into a shop, my stunned body hits the shopkeeper, he gets mad, shoots me to death. Gr8 game 11/5"
76561197964120751,Recommended,239350,11611896,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hyperlynx,"Indiana Jones as a platformer Roguelike.In the finest Roguelike tradition, this game is hard as hell but rewards experience. Things that kill you all the time when you first start playing will be no trouble at all several hours in, due soley to your own knowledge of the game.Very difficult, but recommended."
,Recommended,239350,9487547,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,pulver_toast,"Since the early days on the C64 and Super Nintendo, I have never ragequit and loved a game so much at equal amounts.This game has the potential to be my favorite jump and run for a long time. Simply brilliant."
76561198066230851,Recommended,239350,11811765,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,PleaseCheese,eS GUD
,Recommended,239350,11791916,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,VirtueVera,"I love this game!The best thing about it is definitely the high replayability. Even the people who are not so good at it are still trying to beat it after 1k deaths. Well worth the money.At first it will probably get a little frustrating, it might even seem repetitive if you keep dying and replaying only the first levels, but after the learning curve it gets really enjoyable. The concept is simple yet well executed, the graphic looks really good and the controls feel amazing. Personally I like to connect my controller to the PC and customize a few inputs, but you can use the keyboard with no problems.Finally, though as I mentioned the game is replayable just in itself, you get the daily challenges, where you compete against other players to get your score on the leaderboard. There is a CO-OP option and a VS mode, for those who like to play with friends. Finally, you can make of this game what you want: a score run, a speedrun, a pacifist run, ect. 10/10You can play the old version for free on the official website, if you want to try the game before buying it."
76561198057304506,Recommended,239350,11795664,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,awesomeflyingpig,"Ok time to get serious, spelunky is oone of the best steam games ive ever played. you will playing for hours. now for the stor- ok this boring heres my review""get ready to spelunk your socks off 10/10"""
,Recommended,239350,7515044,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,SnakeJuice,Best game ever!
,Recommended,239350,12194570,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,superdance14,I will never beat this game and I am very okay with that.
,Recommended,239350,12195357,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,razer9009,don't buy this game unless you wanna die alot!! its a fun game so buy it there is a metroid mod buy this now
,Recommended,239350,12195493,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,=========,"Spelunky is a very fun, but very challenging platformer. I have about 20 hours on Spelunky and I haven't made it through the third area(I believe there are 5 area's? Each of which contains 4 levels).I would definitely recommend this game. Whether you are looking for a hardcore platformer that you can spend several hours on, or are just looking for a game to play inbetween loading programs/games or waiting to go somewhere.Spelunky is a great game for all ages."
,Recommended,239350,12195910,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MercilessMerc,"Procedurally generated rogue-like with local multiplayer and a special, very difficult seperate ending, this game has loads of replayability. Especially due to the fact that you will die HUNDREDS of times before you ever beat the game (going in blind anyway) this game will offer hours of playtime and many, many moments of rage after you throw a perfectly good run doing something stupid. Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,239350,12134027,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Davis,Fantastic and Addictive.Lots of replayability value.Great Art Style.
,Recommended,239350,12114395,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Confused,Indiana Jones Sim 2014
,Recommended,239350,12087972,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,gormanate,This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198076074278,Recommended,239350,12140265,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Gisco,"Having finally finished a full run, I feel the need to give this game a review. Just under 900 runs, a good number of which ended in suicide early on, and one Yama kill.It is fantastic. No, its not a roguelike, because it doesnt play like the game rogue, but it is a great platformer with a ton of variety and a good amount of challenge. No bad puns all the time and whatnot, just running through caves. The game is similar to Risk of Rain in some regards, its a platformer with item randomization, but unlike Risk of Rain the levels are not all ways the same 1 or 2 layouts.Get this game, its really great. But if you are an achievement hunter or perfectionist beware, some of the achievements are brutal. Speedrun the game in 8 minutes or complete the game without picking up gold."
,Recommended,239350,8033558,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,apoopmunky,Currently tearing apart my soul
,Recommended,239350,12068730,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SirSoliloquy,"Admit it, you've read about this game. You wouldn't be reading this review if you haven't already read about this game.This game is as good as you thought it might be when you were reading about it. So buy this game already."
76561198112559277,Recommended,239350,12121771,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,anime,good game ^_^
76561198019431537,Recommended,239350,12037591,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,GUYB,Most replayable game ever. I love how everything is destoryable and that enemys react to traps the same as you. Simple and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,239350,12077282,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Jezer,"The game started as a free to play game in 2008. its was a great game but EXTREMELY PIXELATED but everyone like it becuase of how the game works.  A randomely genarated platformer, its was very hard. controls were a little bit wonky, but hey its a 2008 game. WHAT do you expect?The game was so good, they decided to make a remake. It came out in Aug 8, 2013. You can probably tell.WAY better graphics, better controls more options, gameplay and new aereas. More items, and more weapon, These are the things that made it good.Anyways now the reviewI like the game ALOT i love it! i like doing the deathmatch. my favorite weapon  is that sharp knife.i have a couple problems though1. i wish they had a difficulty select like select a diffulcty like easy, meduim, hard, very hard, and IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!yeah please add that2. you know the tunnel man that says can i have the key from the mines? please make it easier3.PLEASE HAVE ONLINE ONLINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i will give this game 9.8/10"
76561198053896461,Recommended,239350,11444880,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Waluigi27,The best game in the world.
,Recommended,239350,11012946,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Krowbird,10/10 This game sucks I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it. Would buy again.
,Recommended,239350,11013467,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,thetornmc,"Amazing, must play game."
76561198047908262,Recommended,239350,10957704,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vineron,"A great rogue-like platformer. If you like games such as Binding of Isaac, this is a great game to add to your library.It offers challenge, fun, intrigue, hidden levels and aspects, plus tons of replayability as you die and die and die over and over and over again."
,Recommended,239350,10907946,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sandanders,"I would definitely recommend this game, especially if you enjoy platformers, and difficult ones at that. Spelunky is a procedurally generated game, so you really have a different game each time you play. I enjoy it because it has pretty much infinite replayability for me and I enjoy actually seeming to get better with each time I die."
,Recommended,239350,11060444,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SableHAWK XIII,"Just so you all know what you're getting into:Is this game fun? Hell yes.Is classic better? HELL. Yes.The new squishy graphics bother me, the music isn't is good, and maybe I'm just a frustrated elitist, but I miss classic. However, having done everything but the challenge rooms, I'm glad to have the new content.It's a fun, rogue platformer just like it advertises, but tfor those who haven't played, the classic version is free, and for those who have, I kinda miss classic.Don't get me wrong, it's a GREAT game, I just might like the original better xDPS: Spoiler alert, #$&% THE SHORTCUT GUY ASKING FOR THE KEY!"
76561198004488547,Recommended,239350,11048165,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Just call me Gray,bad just like mike
,Recommended,239350,11050082,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Girafro,"Really fun, pretty hard, randomly generated platformer. I like the look of the old version better but this one is better mechanically so that's good. This game is awesome, but it takes some practice to get good. Also patience. Also you can rob shops and rescue pugs, what more do you need?"
,Recommended,239350,11120806,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Soluna,Decent randomly-generated platformer game with a little bit of learning curve.Too bad I lack the patience to deal with the perma-death gameplay.
,Recommended,239350,11121989,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Ned,"Seriously, I cheated - like hardcore cheated, infinite hearts and bombs and time, start with a jetpack, all that - and it was STILL bloody haaaaarrrrrd.  Arbitrarily hard even, which isn't to say its BAD, I had a different idea of what it was, it had a roguelike smell to it which I've been enjoying a lot of lately, but really its closer to uber-difficult platformer, which I'm epic fail at =D and again I'm not saying its bad, to many that makes it great I imagine, people that don't throw little baby tantrums like I found myself doing ^^One thing that did annoy me though (apart from the wang-in-the-butt difficulty), you can find and unlock extra characters, but they are different only in appearance, it would've been nice to have different starting equipment along the lines of Binding of Isaac's characters; minor complaint though. Evidently there are user-mods for it too, I'll have to check those out."
76561198057291909,Recommended,239350,11127575,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,GODDAMN BITCH,its a grand ol timejust dont even think about breathing in the shopkeepers general direction because you will die
,Recommended,239350,11127711,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Chas,I'm lucky when I can finish the first cave.I never finish the second. I'm bad.
,Recommended,239350,11159358,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Arn,"If you like games like this, you're going to love Spelunky. The art is beautiful, the controls are simple and smooth, and the gameplay is engaging. Most importantly, the gameplay is difficult, but fair - if you're smart, you can get out of any situation. When you die, it's almost ALWAYS on you, not the game being too challenging.11/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,239350,11159909,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Speedy,Fun game
76561197991391381,Recommended,239350,11160321,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Candy Boy,"Likes:-The music. Eirik Suhrke's music in the game is up there with the likes of FEZ's and FTL's soundtracks. It perfectly compliments the game's atmosphere while also being enjoyable to listen to outside of the game.-The controls. They'reextremely responsive which is important in a game where one wrong input means spikey, bloody death. If you die, it's your own fault.-The art style. A vast improvement over the original Spelunky's pixel art.-The hidden depth. At first, Spelunky might seem like just another tough as nails, indie platformer, but it's much more than that. Things like the Black Market, the Haunted Mansion, and the actual final set of levels (complete with another end boss) offer an astounding amount of content to explore once the ""main game"" is compeleted.-The Daily Challenge mode. A fun mode where you can see how you stack up against other Spelunky players by playing the same level seed as everyone.  Adds to the replayability.Dislikes:-The multiplayer mode. It's not terrible, but nothing about it appeals to me.Spelunky is fantastic."
,Recommended,239350,13852469,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MARKEL0N,Hahaha...Cool Game.Played it With My Brother.
,Recommended,239350,13839521,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aaaaaaashro,"Before I start the review, let me get one thing across: Spelunky is a rouge-like. Sure there are shortcuts, but to beat the game you have to do it in one go, without the shortcuts. The joy of this game isn't in beating it, its in playing it. You don't need to win to be satisfied. If you don't like dying, then go buy another game.Some History: Spelunky used to be a HTML5 game that was extremely pixelated. The old game wasn't necessaraly bad, it's just this verson is alot better. The graphics, controls, and gameplay experience are very refined. The game maintains a slightly cartoony style, but still good graphics.In Spelunky, you start out with an optional tutorial that teaches through experience. It says: this is how you do it, now go try it out. Afterwards, you are flung into the mines level and are surround by familiar things. Much of the game, including the enemies, the items, traps, and ares you will have to learn on your own. All of these are recorded in a journal for future reference. If you can make it through four levels of the mines, you enter the jungle. If you have what the tunnel man asks for, he will build you a tunnel. Now, instead of starting in the mines, you can start in the jungle. Keep in mind, this is only to practice different stages; you still have to beat the game from the start. You will meet a (seemingly) friendly shopkeeper who sells you a variety of items. If you anger him, he will run at you with a shot-gun. You also can save the damsel (male, female, dog, and if you click the dog option 100 times sloth) in order to regenerate a single heart. If the damsel dies, you can use the carcass as a projectile weapon.The gameplay itself is smooth and responsive, so when you die (mostly) it is your own fault. There might be a few cheap deaths when an enemy corners you, but these happen rarely and it is a randomely generated game. That said, the generation looks natural and you have ropes and bombs to get out of tough spots. There is also a daily challenge mode, and a deathmatch mode which can be very fun for LAN partys.Now for the Cons. The game can be hard. I can also be easy. There is a large luck element to winning, but you will most likely still have fun on the failed runs. Also, levels have a time limit that when reached a fog will roll in and a ghost will come across the screen to one hit you. He can be dodged, and this is more of a limitation than a con. A couple easter eggs, a slew of achievements, and everything else make me give this game 9/10Also, don't even try to use the teleporter."
,Recommended,239350,13841404,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,FLÄSHYN,"Dunkey describes the game perfectly: ""First thing's first, I'm gonna hit this woman with a whip so I can take her into my secret cave! Hehehe. I'm just playing guys. Really I'm gonna use her as a shield for the dart trap and then I'm gonna go ahead and sacrifice her to the great Imhotep for uh one Hulk hand from Target."""
,Recommended,239350,5034275,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Pregernant,Probably my most played game.
76561198090494018,Not Recommended,239350,15939117,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The Great Thief,"Good, hard game but my save have deleted itself."
76561197994521450,Recommended,239350,15940436,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Masque of Death,"Super fun to play, even when you die in stupid ways (which will happen a lot)"
76561198045869782,Recommended,239350,15963129,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Punda,HELL HERE I GO
,Recommended,239350,15963436,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rocketshoes,"Very nice little addictive game, great with friends too! :)"
76561197998163088,Recommended,239350,15577383,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jjj'jj,"As of writing this, April 27th 2015 at more than 26 hour of play, I have beaten Spelunky once out of 598 times. (There's an ingame counter that tells your attempts) This was the normal ending, and not the true ending requiring going through additional levels. I am not an expert at these kind of games, but neither am I terrible.This should give you an idea of what to expect from Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,15582053,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Dr. Octopus8,Really good
,Recommended,239350,15582935,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Frolle,"Spelunky… What is that? Spelunking, we’ve all heard of it but what does it mean? According tourbandictionary.comit is the act of exploring a cave. That is also the essentials of this wonderful, cozy and addicting game. It’s hard to exactly pinpoint what it is about this game that makes it so awesome and enjoyable to just sit down and play. However with the use of this review I will try and trot down the aspects that I am enjoying the most in this game.The game does not really have a story. Except for maybe the intro sequence that shows the player’s character going into the cave with, judging from the intro’s text,  some kind of amnesia. That’s it for the story basically. Looking at the character’s clothes, you are an explorer (an Indiana Jones-inspired one! OMG!). Your mission is to explore a cave (A CAVE?!?! OOOOMG!!). The game offers a tutorial in the beginning which I recommend going through (not actually sure if you can skip it) where the player finds a manual from a previous explorer who presumably perished in the cave’s vast depths. The tutorial describes the basic game mechanics of the game and nothing more than that. So on to doing the tutorial’s job and explaining the game mechanics!THE CAVE!The basic mechanics of the game are as simple as they are genius. Everyone could pick up the controller and know exactly what to do. Think Super Mario Bros. kind of. You can jump, whip stuff with your whip, climb ledges, duck, walk and run fast. As you might’ve realized, the game is about exploring the cave. You start from point A and shall make your way to point B and try to pick up treasure on the way to earn cash so that you can buy nice tools and stuff when (if) you reach a store. There are different environments in the game and you start in the Mines. Each environment consist of 4 different levels. So you start at Mines 1-1 and when you reach the exit you get to Mines 1-2 and so on. You have a time limit for every level because after ~2½ minutes a large ghost will appear that’ll kill you instantly if he comes in contact with the player. Eventually you’ll reach new environments and find various things to explore, if you manage to stay alive. If you die, you die. You start from the beginning again and the twist is that the cave is ever-changing (read randomly generated levels). So when you die you don’t get to explore that cave anymore! I really don’t want to spoil more of the exploring because there are so many things to encounter and interact with, I think you’ll be happier to find them by yourself. The random generated levels makes every exploring run unique because of all these different things you can interact with. As said though, these wondrous things should be left for you to explore by yourself!However this doesn’t sound so revolutionary, it doesn’t sound super interesting, we’ve had random-generated levels since Diablo! This is probably what you’re thinking right now. The randomized levels are the key for this game, this is simply because the game is super hard. You’ll die so many times you’ll not even think it’s funny. You will die within seconds. That’s the thing though, playing this game the first few times I just thought it was boring and bad because of the “super hard” difficulty. It’s just another platformer for masochistic gamers! I was wrong, so wrong. The thing is that it’s not the game that’s hard, it’s just you who suck. The game is super fair, if you’re not careful you will die. The learning curve is very steep the first few tries you do. However when you realize that the game is just hard because you’re stupid and when you for the first time manage to survive for >2 minutes you feel so damn totally awesome you’ll probably try and run for presidency next year.Death has never been so close… and so frequent!That’s one of the charms with this game, you learn the game and as you learn it you get better, much better. You can feel the difference. When you get better you also get to explore further into the cave and when you thought you’d seen it all, you enter a new area and your mind will be blown yet again of the vastness of the game. When you die, you’re left with a hunger. A hunger to explore, to dodge that stupid jumping spider next time that blocked the exit and reach that next area, whatever that would have been. You will play again, and again, and again, and again, AND AGAIN! It’s almost too easy to become addicted…Another aspect which I really like is that it’s so easily accessible. You start the game and with one click you’re in the game. I’m playing with a XBox-controller so I just spam ‘X’ when the game logo appears which lets me skip all the menus and just start exploring. I’m also a bit busy with studies atm so I usually don’t have the possibility to have long game sessions. Spelunky is the perfect solution. Whenever I’m struggling with some lab report or stuck in some programming exercise, Spelunky lets me pick up the controller and do a fast run, a quick fix for my gaming addiction. I haven’t played super much but I’ve started to get a somewhat good feeling for the game, my runs usually last around 8 minutes. So when I’ve done a run I can jump back to whatever I was doing before. A quick, satisfying break. There’s also the Daily Challenge which you get to play once a day where you go as far as you can and then you’re ranked based on how long you survived and how much treasure you gathered. I rarely find a game I can just pick up and play for 15 minutes and actually feel I got something from it. It’s nice and casual in that way, very few manage to deliver such an experience.Why you should buy this game? If you like challenging games, exploring and very well made platformers I’m not recommending you to buy the game, I’M ORDERING YOU TO BUY THE GAME!  I really don’t have much more to say except for buy the game, it’s THAT good. I think everyone can get something out of it and enjoy a quick 15-minute-exploring-run, it’s really rewarding when you start to understand the game and overcoming the challenges of staying alive.For myself I will abandon this review now and venture down that addicting, mesmerizing, punishing and absolutely wonderful cave yet again.. See you on the ranking lists!"
,Recommended,239350,8728112,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CX864,怎说呢，玩这个游戏需要很大的耐心，不能太手残，运气也要有一点点好。运气不好，有耐心的玩下去，总归有运气好的时候。手残，没关系，只要有耐心，慢慢的手也就不残了。所以，玩这个游戏最重要的就是耐心。我要没耐心了，怒火要压抑不住了。我要休息一下...└(T_T;)┘
,Recommended,239350,8637947,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Plan Z,"I don't think I can articulate why Spelunky is so good— it simply is. This may actually be a perfect video game. Each moment you continue to not play it, you do yourself a disservice."
76561198066069295,Recommended,239350,8733789,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,omgitstim22,God run destroyed by a sliding block in the temple is the story of this game.  10/10
,Recommended,239350,8734566,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,PK SPACE JAM,"An amazing roguelike/platformer with great replayability. Forces players to think before they do things otherwise they risk dying very easily. Very fun, even if you suck at it. Multiplayer is a blast and easier."
,Recommended,239350,8734655,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,1objection,"As a warning: THIS GAME IS HARD AS BALLSBut once you get the hang of it, it becomes one of those ""one more try"" type of games that you can't put down. The first couple of deaths were quick for me due to my inexperience, and the controls are a bit wonky and difficult to master, but the moment you do start to master them, you get to enjoy the benefits of playing a well made rogue-like."
,Recommended,239350,8928443,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Quattro,"There's tons of reasons to love Spelunky. The charming aesthetic, the funky music, the gameplay - it all comes together in one glorious package of love.One of the largest selling points of the game has to be its randomized levels and permadeath, very much akin to that of a rougelike game. And boy does that make the game amazing. The levels are always fairly designed, and although you may not know what you did wrong resulting in your death at first, you will eventually learn through trial and error (or if you want to get good fast, game guides) the best way to proceed through levels and how to maximize your score.The community surrounding the game is great, and is only boosted by the addition of the daily challenge, which creates one seed that everyone can play through every day to compare scores and whatnot.The game is super rage inducing at times however. This isn't a bad thing about the game by any means, just be warned that it's not easy. There is simply so much to this game that to make any worthwhile progress in it you will also come to your demise hundreds of times over. Also, screw spike pits.GFX = 9/10 The smooth yet retro look oozes charm. At least it's not more pixel-art trash like nearly all indie games now.Sound = 9.5/10 The music is easily one of the highest points of the game. Funky as all hell.Replay = 10/10 You could literally play this over and over until you die, everythings all randomized nicely. And the daily challenge is a brilliant way to keep you playing.Story = N/A There really isn't one, but it doesnt matter anyways.OVERALL = 9.5/10 Straight up buy it."
,Recommended,239350,1576460,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,nuke,this games is hard
,Recommended,239350,8914079,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,The Drakoslav,Super Meat Boy levels of anger and annoyance. I love it.
,Recommended,239350,9066976,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,hintzilla,"Spelunky is my favorite pug rescue sim of all time. How did the pugs get in these caves? What have they been eating? Are they eating the bats? Sadly these questions are never answered, but nevertheless, there are infinite pugs that need rescuing and that is exactly what you'll do in the inexplicably-titled pug-centric dog-catcher simulation game, Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,9070165,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Battle Hobo,"Hours upon hours of replayability. Quirky secrets. Numerous ways to play from score attacking to speedrunning. Can't play this game enough. Plus, the allure of beating your friends in the Daily Challenges."
,Recommended,239350,9070506,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,fortunado,I love coming back to this game over and over seeing how far I get ... lately though it seems like just watching other people play who are much better at it than me is just as fulfilling.  It's a tough but fair game (Think Dark Souls the platformer).
,Recommended,239350,9070698,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Deuce Caboose,This game is like Dark Souls but a lot more user friendly and not quite as rewarding.
,Recommended,239350,9070808,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,LightninLew,If you like platformers and haven't played this then ♥♥♥♥ you.
76561197982416108,Recommended,239350,9071580,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Cadaverous Bloom,"Easy to learn, mind bashingly difficult to beat. Great price, good music, really worth it."
76561198102758128,Recommended,239350,9057651,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Gatto Retardo,"An amazing platforming adventure that everyone should experience. Every game is different thanks to the rogue-like elements and huge arsenal of items. You will always find new ways to finish a level and get a higher score, which you can show off on the leaderboard. With the addition of daily challenge, you can play on a pre-generated terrain, so you can have a fair race for score between you and your friends."
76561198035820338,Recommended,239350,14485509,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,War_Pig,A frog exploded in the shop and the shopkeeper shot me for it. 10/10 Will die again.
,Recommended,239350,14537256,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sunsorrow,Fantastic game if you like sidescrollers this is your game!
,Recommended,239350,13988908,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ayyyy,Better game not availble.
,Recommended,239350,14582185,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CopyrightedThoughts,Didn't get much use out of this game but I can see myself doing so in the future. Good pickup while on sale.
76561197967793787,Recommended,239350,14494059,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Che's Neckbeard,I'm slightly ashamed that I've played this so much and not beaten the secret ending.
76561198124284319,Recommended,239350,14494760,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,247person,OH MY GOD! This game is amazing! Get it! Just get it!
76561198152868080,Recommended,239350,15483849,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Spooky Time Ham,great game but needs more levels other than the main 4 and the couple extra levels like hell and worm but what i want to see is some super cool new main levels a new person like tunnel woman or something like that would be cool and maybe some new enemy's even if there just retextured enemy's so umm yeah i would even pay for those if we had too but still 8/10 game so im waiting for new stuff (:
76561197978424607,Recommended,239350,15523413,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,:),Spelunky sounds like something to describe the sound of when a turd hits the water in a toilet
,Recommended,239350,10079971,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mario points gun,Hardcore (reminds me of the old days) and legit!10/10
76561198057752453,Recommended,239350,15528338,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,thewasteoid,"An endlessly addictive and fun rogue-like-lite. Smooth as butter visuals, charming music and a very hard challenge that rewards practice, patience and strategy in your platforming. One of my favourite ever games!"
76561198054513325,Recommended,239350,15513522,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Joverlord,"spent 10 secounds in hell, then died AGAIN 10 out of 10 never made it back there"
76561198106527257,Recommended,239350,16090237,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Undefined,"OMG!!! All I have to say about this game. From agrroing the shop-keeper, being thrown by a yeti, jumping over-lava, getting detected by a trap, to getting the JETPACK, opening crates and chests, saving the danzel, defeating Olmec, and reaching HELL...One of my most-enjoyed games on steam Spelunky is a 2D Rogue-like, like no other,-highly recommended"
,Recommended,239350,15627847,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MGH7531,"This game is infuriatingly brilliant, I'm soon to hit 100 hours and I still haven't completed it without cheating yet I'm still playing. This game is very worth your time."
76561198070738547,Recommended,239350,15515748,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Pongi,"I love this game, but it is not for those who do not like a very very VERY challenging game, its a fun platformer and really creative, and every single level is different, i have not seen the same level twice. i soon learned that this game is for masochists, who enjoy dying. unfortunately, that makes me a masochist. 10/10 would become a masochist again."
,Recommended,239350,16057750,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RuI3e,the game is good but very hard
,Recommended,239350,16141811,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ponylarity,"This game gets ignored way too often. ""Simple to learn, near impossible to master"" are the only things I can say that truly sum it up. The goal is simple, get to the end, but with randomized levels, stupidly over aggressive shopkeeps (who blame natural disasters and acts of monster on you as well) , human error and just plain dumb luck this game will tear you a new one if you don't watch your step. Final score, 7.5/10  Endless replayability, decent graphics for the game style, the only true downfalls are the timed levels and the overpowered roid rage shopkeepers. If you asked buy or pass though? Definately buy."
,Recommended,239350,15153680,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fax2u,Best arcade game when you're sick of super meat boy and just want to chill.
76561198062188946,Recommended,239350,15151039,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kelhaltar,It's definitely the perfect run! This time I will made it to the end aaaand I die... Okay just another single try and I quit!
,Recommended,239350,15166413,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Shorokin,"One of the best games of all time. Infinitely replayable, addictive, skill-based but not ridiculous, and full of strategic tradeoffs."
76561197970753129,Recommended,239350,8382667,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tinindjardin,"Bought this in the sale, from what I've played so far, I think it has great potential.  I'm pretty sure I'll get my money's worth.  I'm playing it with my xbox controller and it works great.  It hard but I'll just keep on trying."
76561198064351771,Recommended,239350,8383435,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Soma,Great game 10/10 would buy and recommend again!
,Recommended,239350,8383776,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Virepri,"Spelunky: The game that can serve you your butt on a platter in a moments notice!Generally, you won't be lucky enough to get past the first four levels. But when you are, the game decides it needs to whip your butt. It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,239350,8384743,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gilgamesh,"You want like an add game, just to space out.. Not really concentrate but just have fun? This is it!! I love this game! I play this everynight literally before I fall asleep as I watch a movie. Its just a perfect lil side distraction game while watching tv or something. Never gets old due to the random generated levels. HIGHLY reccomend this fanastic game!"
76561198006594283,Recommended,239350,8385157,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,"Trollbuster""FuckTrump""Cheese",I am in love with this game exploring caves and being adventurous. It is challenging only having 4 lives and I am still trying to get through the first level I just cant stop playing it. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,239350,8385317,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Worhammer,"The controls need a bit of work, but if you play with a gamepad it's not bad at all."
76561197970915927,Recommended,239350,8386502,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Moutrave,So it seems nice and all...but controller support PLEASE !!!
,Recommended,239350,8405077,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ayz,"The original version was probably my favorite game of all time.  It took me a while to get used to the new stuff, but I have to admit this new version is even better."
76561198080398090,Recommended,239350,8406149,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DM Biggs,Awesome game tons of fun and replayabilityextremely difficult
76561198049070605,Recommended,239350,8406263,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,say32,"Spelunky has great platformer mechanics, with some roguelike aspects like high difficulty and randomized levels. You'll keep coming back to this. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,8406952,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ultima Zix,"It's good, k?Buy it, even if it's not on sale. A game with this much replay value deserves to be $60, and is worth way more of your time than any of the millions of FPSs you could easily buy with a quarter of the money.Just play for a while to get the controls down, then drill yourself in the face as you get mad that you lost, then rinse and repeat until you win, at which time, you will probably be in heaven. It's that good."
,Recommended,239350,8406983,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Numinar,"This might actually be the best game I have ever played.I cannot even explain it, I've played a lot (on X360).It's the satisfaction, the learning, the pacing and the surprises. It's a 16 bit masterpiece in full HD. Get it!"
,Recommended,239350,8407535,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,borderline,"The game can seem unfair and brutal at first.  Stick with it and trust me you will appreciate and enjoy this game for many hours, it is so satisfying when you hit a new best on a run!"
76561197963487016,Recommended,239350,151368,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Kharn!,"This is great! I had the original free version on my laptop for ages,Well worth the money for the enhanced edition, buy buy buy!"
76561198061013443,Recommended,239350,8408491,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,<CM> Sky Felov,"If you like The Binding of Isaac, Spelunky is a must-have.Hard to get into, but once you're in, you can't get out.8/10"
76561197991313547,Recommended,239350,8409134,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,elegro,"A simple game to play, difficult to master, impossible to not love. A game which holds secrets upon secrets and hours upon hours of entertainment."
76561198001664600,Recommended,239350,8409794,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cpt.Awesome,very good game if you get it on sale you can also play a free version witch is the same just not HD 9/10
,Recommended,239350,8409807,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Worthers,This is such a good game which I bought for £3.00 on the sale! Although the art style may look colourful and bright this game can be rock hard. Great game for £12 but for £3 it's a steal! :D
76561197993723248,Recommended,239350,8410184,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Heinz,Game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198036466634,Recommended,239350,8410194,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Crash Override,this game is so hard :/
76561198035573703,Recommended,239350,8316640,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,xenocraze,"Loved this game. 9/10Level generation is spectacular:- Consistently tests your platforming skills- Never feels the exact same encouraging reflex based maneuvers- Tons of content and secrets to exploreMechanics are solid:- Not overly complex or overly simplified- Enough options to make game-time decisions fun and fulfilling (resource management)- Controls are tight and well designedAtmosphere is fun:- Music does not get old (lots and lots of play-throughs under my belt...)- Love the cartoon-ish yet serious sprite based artMy only gripe is multi-player. I wish the camera was designed better for it / more than local co-op was available. It's still fun to play, however, and my friends and I have had many laughs and cries. =)"
76561198001294114,Recommended,239350,8319822,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Squee Goblin Nabob,"Extremely hard.Quite frustrating.No hand holding.Extremely annoying enemies.Crazy unfortunate, and unfair events.Absolutely fantastic game."
,Recommended,239350,8320249,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,stroopwafel,"""WHY WAS THERE AN ARROW TRAP THERE GOD DAMN IT♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;10/10"
,Recommended,239350,8320574,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,suisieg,"Haven't been able to put Spelunky away since I got it. Discovery, challenge, speedruns, emergence."
,Recommended,239350,7554783,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,DarthRosie,"Absolutely brilliant. If you can get over dying, and learn from failure, this can be the perfect game. It's been a while since I've felt a nice gaming addiction like this one - If I just run it one more time, next time I'll be watching out for spiders. The simple complexity of this game can last for many hours. I may be drunky, but you should still try Spelunky."
,Recommended,239350,8320915,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dan Antonio,"This game will let you know if you have a few things:1. Patience2. Major learning problems3. Balls of steel.Nothing is random, everything is under your control. You just need to learn how each enemy or trap works, and then use it to your advantage.Will definitely play moar."
,Recommended,239350,8321420,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SuPrEmE,Super cool :)
,Recommended,239350,8321512,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,boy,Argueably a perfect game. Absolutely nails everything it tries to accomplish.
,Recommended,239350,8321856,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MidnightBomber,This game is so damn frustrating but endlessly fun. One of the best value/replay factor games in my inventory. Reminds me of Nintendo games I played growing up where I would want to throw my controller through the window but keep coming back for more after a brief break. I'm sure I'll be playing this for some time and so should everyone else with the current sale price.
,Recommended,239350,8322212,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Brooks,"The randomly generated levels keep the game fresh. bombs and rope make this game possibel, and the unique mechanics make this game a great buy!"
76561197993132300,Recommended,239350,8322349,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Resting_Beardface,This is a rediculously fun game for a few bucks.  Grab it when you can!
,Recommended,239350,8322682,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Soup,Everyone's favorite spelunker!
,Recommended,239350,8322947,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kree,"It's not very often you can find a game that has been so finely tuned and balanced. Every item and enemy has a distinct behaviour that, while can often lead to a rube-goldberg machine of death, almost always feels like it's your own fault rather than the game playing unfairly."
,Recommended,239350,8310740,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DarrenPR,"Spelunky is a great game, definitely worth the money. I got this for the xbox arcade when it first came out and own it on both xbox and pc now. I've put in hundreds of hours into this game over the course of it's lifetime - a definite must have for 2d platforming lovers."
,Recommended,239350,8312677,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,bob vila,yes
,Recommended,239350,8312684,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheDisreputableKitten,Amazing randomly generated levels.
76561198023108284,Recommended,239350,8312910,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tsunami,"Spelunky is easy game to learn but hard to master. However, the replayability is so great and the game is so fun that even if you can barely get out of the first couple levels you still want to come back for more. Along with the daily challenge and the large amount of twich.tv and youtube channels this game and the community around it are awesome. If you enjoy platformers and roguelikes then this is a must buy especially when it goes on sale for less than $5."
76561198117416219,Recommended,239350,8282741,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Frelia,"Don't ask questions, just buy it.  You wont regret it"
,Recommended,239350,13990620,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Fantom,Game rocks
76561198032120930,Recommended,239350,13944169,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,myGuy080,I died again.
,Recommended,239350,13944641,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Slytric,"The game is a brutally difficult platformer, but is a lot of fun with proceedurally generated levels and daily challenges to compare your skill with others."
,Recommended,239350,13954040,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,robopotato,sacrificed a transvestite and received a monkey that ♥♥♥♥♥ gold nuggets as a gift. 10 seconds later the monkey commited suicide by jumping onto spikes. i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game.
,Recommended,239350,14022872,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sninctbur,"In a nutshell, this is what you get when you cross Dark Souls and Indiana Jones. It's the most cruel and unfair game I own......but that is what makes it so much fun."
,Recommended,239350,14084674,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Beanie King,"The Good:- Bright, colourful graphics- Catchy music- Addicting as hell gameplay- Daily challenges, lots of characters to unlock- Interesting level design, randomized levelsThe Bad:- Gameplay is good, but frustrating in some situations- Sometimes the game will punish you for insanely stupid things. For instance, if you throw a rock and the rock bounces off an object and hits you, you will lose health. This is not challenging; it's poor game design, like the developers are saying, ""look at how hard we can make this game!""- Shopkeepers are often unpredictable. For example, grabbing a gold statue will activate an Indiana Jones style boulder which destroys the level. If the boulder hits the shopkeeper, he will try to kill you for the rest of the game. The statue gives you money, and money is used to buy things from the shopkeeper... so, what's the point?- Controls are ""meh"" at best. Walking is too slow, running is too fast. You'll get used to it the more you play it, but you can still ♥♥♥♥ up quite easily.Verdict: I still found this game to be enjoyable and addicting. I love platformers, and this is a great one. I really hope the developers make a 2nd Spelunky, and fix alot of the stupid problems present in this one. Overall though, it's definitely still worth buying."
,Recommended,239350,12938942,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Harry,goty 2013
,Recommended,239350,12942738,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Golem,"Awesomely fun, and has great replay value.Difficult game, but so worth it."
,Recommended,239350,13045410,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Broomhill,"Spelunky is a great game for those times when you may be too busy to devote the time to invest in a deep storytelling game and all you want is a nice, fun, arcade style game to relax. The randomized levels make the game non-stagnant and the difficulty can really adjust based on your style of play. It keeps pulling me back in, and a fifteen minute game time can turn into an hour very quickly if you aren't careful. Worth the buy."
76561197998391741,Recommended,239350,13001587,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Caves
76561198040571233,Recommended,239350,13085358,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,A-Nasty,Love it but never finished it.... so hard
76561198056738140,Recommended,239350,13018186,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[P4R] Najangles,its an really good game but i cant get my controller working help me pls
76561198077350414,Recommended,239350,13204191,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MrHamSandwich,"Great Game, Not mac compatible sadly."
76561198125487172,Recommended,239350,13187490,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Abroham,very good game worth a buy :)
,Recommended,239350,13183858,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sheep,"Brutally difficult, near infinite replay value, amazing sound track as well as a nice art style- If you like challenging gamees, I'm not sure why you don't own this yet.One of the best procedural level generation systems I've seen, you'll really never play the same run twice. And I say that having never even seen the ever-elusive, ultra difficult ""Hell"" levels.Also has a cool Daily Challenge that allows you one shot to do a preset run and compete with the rest of the world for the highest score for that day.Words really can't do this game justice. It's a 10/10."
,Recommended,239350,7599835,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,andrehena,"Despite the general consent that it is a hard game in fact it is NOT, it respects you like no other game and teaches you how to deal with frustration. Be humble, but be brave. Be hungry, but not greedy. Go fast, but learn when to stop.Definitively the game that I would take to a desert island :D10/10"
76561198044291881,Recommended,239350,8211655,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tugs for Drugs,"If you like rogue-lites or platformers, this is definitely a must."
76561198023330808,Recommended,239350,8226357,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Blue Shell,The change in game physics can be pretty annoying for people who are used to the classic Spelunky. Also the default controls are terrible.Only writing this to get the Review unlock.
76561198042894373,Recommended,239350,8227042,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,EatMyMojo,this is the best game in the WORLD!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,239350,8184626,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Krash2020,"Spelunky Is not your ordinary platform. Its a game that will demand your respect when it comes to skill and strategy. Mistake this game for a Mario clone and you'll fail every time. The biggest mistake I've ever made is try to rush through it. You could but if you die you have to start over. Randomized levels in different themes, alot to look out for (traps enemies ect.) Alot to loot. If you dont have any patiance DONT BUY THIS GAME!!. This may be a cute plateformer but its no childs play."
76561198089872604,Recommended,239350,8184934,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FizzBiscuit,This game is forever terribly frustrating and difficult. It's forever new and entertaining and different. I love the immense challenge this game provides.
76561198087518263,Recommended,239350,7294254,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,random6849,"This game in a nutshell: Whoops, I died, let's try again...oops... Died again! I'll go one more time. No! I almost beat the first four levels! Whoops. That shopkeeper doesn't like it after I steal a bag of bombs... Ooooohhhh... I've never seen this before... I DIED AGAIN!"
,Recommended,239350,237616,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,5irKawfycups,"""Whoa, I never knew that could happen!""... words of an LP'er discovering one of the many emergent gameplay elements present in this masterpiece by Derek Yu. Originally programmed in Game Maker, Spelunky is a ridiculously addictive rogue-like(-ish) cave-descending platformer. The core theme of challenge in Spelunky is risk-vs-reward paired with wise usage of your resources (including time), but that would be a rather meat-and-potatoes summary. When you stir in the organically-grown chaos mentioned above you get quite the treat!Spelunky does inherit some of the qualities of traditional rouge-likes: randomized levels, luck-based item acquisition, and the big one: permadeath. Die and you start over, but wiser for your mistakes and often times laughing in hilarity at the unexpected ways this game can brutalize you for your arrogance and surprise you with fresh behaviors. Your demise is always around the corner in Spelunky, but the joy of challenge, mastery, and new experiences will keep you chugging.HEAVILY recommended!"
,Recommended,239350,8186734,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Neil Breen banana,"Excellent game, best 2D side scroller I've played in years."
,Recommended,239350,8229676,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dzjontn,"Omg, this game is so much fun!The art style is really plendid, really like it.Spelunky is a 2D platformer, with randomly genereated levels. (This adds lots of replayability.)The game is really ""hard"" in the beginning for the player. But when you die for the first couple of times,you'll learn valuable lessons, so you won't make the same mistakes again.I've already lost many hours in this game, and haven't completed it yet.I would call it ""The Binding of Isaac"" of platformers, with that said, you should know enough. ;)It's worth every penny! :D"
76561198084234134,Recommended,239350,8233679,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,RainbowSlinky,"This review will not do this game justice, however I will try.This a game,which I am told is quite  like the original , Of course it has been improved, but to stay somewhat true  to the original is skill itself. I could list the improvements, and have a non-coherent, rambling review, which why I will choose to list a few. The first major improvement is the randomly generated dunegons, and for a (mostly) indie steam player who has played Dungeons of dredmor and the Binding of Issac, is paradise. Especially  when it is so well done.  Secondly, the eniemes are fantasic, even with the cliché spiders. Thirdly, the  couch co-op, which is great. Seeing as, couch co-op seems to dying out in the games industy. Which is a particular shame really, seeing as Spelunky pulls it off, rather well. And finally, the last improvement that I care to list is how addicting it is, the only two games(that I can think of) that beat on this factor, is Pac-man and Galaga.I do have a minor problem, with spelunky however. This is the non-exestient conrtol support. The lack of feature,however takes hardly anyway from the overall game experince.  (I do note that there is a Ps3 port)"
,Recommended,239350,8234893,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,LJ,Spelunky is hard but fun. I have not gone to far but the game seems promising. It is an over all fun platformer that can be played any time.
,Recommended,239350,8170955,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,yeezy,Awesome game ! :)
,Recommended,239350,8171436,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,M A N C U M,This game is INSANE. It's always changing and is very frantic. A must-buy
,Recommended,239350,8172891,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,phonic88,"Love this game. Very unforgiving, yet I'm never frustrated with it. Challenging, and rather interesting trying to play multiplayer on 1 keyboard."
,Recommended,239350,8173870,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nerdy Potato,"An absolutely brilliant game with great presentation and gameplay.  Although the controls take a while to get used to, it is completely worth it.  I have poured so many hours into this fun game, it is unbelieveable.  It is worth every penny and I whole-heartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,239350,6520766,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Buh-(eye)-Run,Hard but addictive! :)
76561198055362132,Recommended,239350,7905717,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,HEY! THIS IS LIBRARY!,"It's awesome! BUY IT! or play the old free version, it's basically the same game, but with slightly harder controls and far less prettiness. Oh, and the old version doesn't have leaderboards n♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's a game for self-motivated types anyway."
76561198073338717,Recommended,239350,7908250,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,turdmancer,Buy it. What are you waiting for.
,Recommended,239350,7911053,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,GETSCHWIFTY,"Most frustrating game I've ever played, 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,7912399,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,TheRedKirby (๑╹ڡ╹๑),"At this point you can tell I love me some ""Roguelikes"" (I put it in quotes now cause the term has shifted in definition to these types of games), but this one is probably the hardest of them all. I feel luck > skill in this game purely due to the game mechanics.My main problem is getting stunned: if you take a hard hit, or a hard fall, you get stunned; which puts you out for a few seconds and in later levels that's pretty much death.My second problem is how easy it is to♥♥♥♥♥♥off shop keepers (happens to me off screen generally cause of something I threw or a missed bomb), accidentally attack one and every single one from then on will be out to get you. They jump around a lot and pack shotguns, which if don't kill you right out, they'll stun you. They can pick you up and throw you, which stuns. It's ruthless and unforgiving. And there will be one waiting at the end of every stage. I honestly wouldn't mind if it weren't so easy to trigger accidentally.My third problem is that it's way too easy to cling to ledges (and walls if you get the sticky glove thing), which often hurts me more than helps. I'd prefer if you could hold or tap jump again to cling, rather than it automatically happening.Other than that I enjoy the game. It's brutal, danger at every turn past 1-1 pretty much and you're forced to manage a steady pace, as taking too long in a stage (I wanna say you have about 3 minutes?) summons a large, but slow moving ghost and if it touches you, it instantly kills you. There's also some nice random events that can happen and hidden stages you can find. Get as many goodies as you can, get the girl if you can and haul♥♥♥♥♥If you're about this life and can get past the mechanics, I say get the game! It gets some nice sales so nab it then."
76561198036772120,Recommended,239350,4414860,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Eh,Get gma.e Game good
76561198042136246,Recommended,239350,7978759,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,squeakyevil,"You will hate that you love it, because it certainly doesn't love you back.  10/10 would spelunk again."
,Recommended,239350,7979075,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bavrycon,Worth the money for sure. Satisfied frustration!
,Recommended,239350,2091903,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Nail_Bombed,"This game is severely addicting fun - plenty of length of play, variety and lots of challenge. It is hard as nails but will have you coming back for more. The free 2008 version's still great, but this new one completely tops it."
,Recommended,239350,7986769,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,MiltonHolmes,"The randomised caves keep the game eternally fresh, deaths are frequent but so are awesome near-misses and the game is addictive in a ""one more level"" kind of way."
76561198043900180,Recommended,239350,4979376,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,GodDang,I bought two copies of this game. No regrets.If you are looking for a difficult and addicting platformer I recommend picking this game up.
,Recommended,239350,7987169,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jammin Hyaku,"Good game to play with friends, although im not sure if id call it co-op as most of the time your biacsidently blowing each other up with bombs, but its a ton of fun and great for laughs that way. its a fun dungeon platformer where your goal is to progress deeper into the dungeon without dieing, or you have to restart the hole game! it also randomly generates the dungeon levels as you go, so memorizing the levels wont help you in this game.7.5/10"
76561198040544950,Recommended,239350,7988062,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Hermusch,Good roguelike platformer !
,Recommended,239350,7993366,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Hazz 117,This is the perfect game. Everything is so perfectly balanced and crafted. There is not one single flaw I can think of.
76561198079255764,Recommended,239350,7996881,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,TajineRicard,it's a very addictive game in which you need a lot of training to be able to have all the skills which are necessary to beat the truelast boss
,Recommended,239350,9181966,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,jayc4life,"I’ve sunk some 16 hours into Spelunky, playing in quick bursts for maybe 2 or 3 attempts a day. For every playthrough I have that makes me think that I’m achieving something or making some form of progress, there are at least 10 more preceding it where I fall victim to rookie mistakes. Much like the unnamed Spelunker, it’s the thrill of the chase that keeps me coming back for more, that “just one more try” feeling that lends itself to this format so easily.Read the rest of this review athttp://pressxordie.com/2014/02/18/review-spelunky/"
76561198012381899,Recommended,239350,9206270,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Crucifer,Awesome game.
,Recommended,239350,5402588,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Aegis Paragon,"Spiders, Spiders everywhere..."
,Recommended,239350,13736636,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Say Gah,"Spelunky is procedurally generated and, therefore, it is practically impossible for two levels to look identical. This also means that when you fall onto those spikes or get hit by an arrow trap, when you restart you will have fresh challenges to face so there is no getting stuck on a level, getting bored and giving up because, who knows, next time this level could be really easy.9.999999999/10"
,Recommended,239350,13739184,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ptr,i hate this game.10/10
,Recommended,239350,13740554,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,.gn4rf-,Easy to play - hard to master. Makes a lot of fun to cover a short break.
76561197992721226,Recommended,239350,13678722,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Seuss,"It's a fun time waster, and the game is certainly bound to it's rules.  Lots to do and see!"
76561198030796630,Recommended,239350,13680633,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,vambees,"Shot by an arrow....died.Fell down a hole....died.Snake bit....died.Knock myself unconcious and landed on an altar to a death god...died.Seriously though, this game is a blast. You will die. You will die a lot. But after over 100 hours and 900 stupid deaths, I'm still really loving this game. Maybe my favorite Steam purchase to date. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,239350,13695279,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Curdle_Sanders,Brilliantly designed game. Simple enough that a 5 year old could play but with enough depth and secrets to entertain older gamers. Fun and addictive. Perfect game to play in short little bursts if you have 15 mins.
,Recommended,239350,2428290,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,President Business,"One of the most unforgiving games I've ever played in my life. Super tough, but very rewarding when you do well."
76561198049290709,Recommended,239350,8987173,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Oli,one of the best games i have ever played!
,Recommended,239350,8922889,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,SpoceRice,Awesome game.
,Recommended,239350,5047468,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Vagoop,"If you've played and enjoyed a rogue-like such as The Binding of Isaac, Rouge Legacy or FTL, then you'll find much to love in this PC port of the 2012 XBLA Spelunky. You may know that there is a freeware version of the 2008-9 release and I have to say that this enough of an upgrade to warrant the $15 asking price. I played the game for a year on XBLA before I beat it for the first time and I'm only now constantly getting to the fourth set of levels. If you wind up picking this one up, I reccomend going in blind. The less you know, the better."
76561198044221264,Recommended,239350,9105719,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Argent XVII,"If you enjoy a classic rogue like this game is the game for you. There is loads of levels that get more and more difficult as you progress. Unlock secret areas and characrters, reach new high scores, speed run and even Team death match with your friends. Every game will just keep you coming back for more!"
,Recommended,239350,8623197,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,mscupcakes,You need the key from the mines and then you gotta get it to the ice caves and then the yeti picks you up and throws you off the ♥♥♥♥ing world. GGWP5 Stars
,Recommended,239350,9111605,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bear,almost fills the hole that super meat boy left in my heart
76561198046495884,Recommended,239350,9113336,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lucoa,"This Game is really fun you explore caves, fight enemies on your journey to get a legendary treasure finding secrets,friends,enemies,and the replayabillity gos on forever each time its a randomly generated level! :D"
,Recommended,239350,9113342,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,P-Weazy,One of my favorite games! :)
,Recommended,239350,9131623,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,RunicGuardian,SPELUNKYNOW FOR A TRUE DISPLAY OF SKILL
,Recommended,239350,9134857,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,RussTech,"Hard as nails, but if you're willing to take the challenge, it's a very rewarding platformer. Being a roguelike, no 2 adventures in Spelunky will be the same. Lots of characters and secrets are waiting to be unlocked. I played the original free version, and this was worth every penny. If you're tired of easy, boring platformers, check this out."
,Recommended,239350,1499914,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,AL_TheHoly,"Mr. Derek Yu worked really hard to make this baby. 1 Year after its run on XBLA, its finally on the PC. So tell me folks, why aren't you supporting ol' Derek for this amazing piece of work?You can go try the free version now if you care to do so. Not quite up to snuff with the remake, but the core gameplay is there. If that doesn't get you hooked, I have no idea what will."
76561198109016734,Recommended,239350,9120883,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,gabeart10,Good game but some pepole might see a FMOD error
76561198048618356,Recommended,239350,9313220,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TacticalBlankie,"Just buy it already. If you have thought about it, it is worth it. The game should come with the disclaimer that you will probably cause damage to your keyboard, monitor, desk/table, or anything else in vicinity. Know greater feeling in a game than clearing the black market of shop keepers or finally learning how to rob them succefully in the first place 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,239350,9298284,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Safety Sam,"Don't worry, this game will definetly be anything but boring... Maybe infuriating, but not boringSpelunky is a game where you have very trivial goals with an unbelievably difficult time acomplishing those goals. It has such a great arcade style gameplay that barely needs explaining and its just fun to play. However, its controls are a nightmare unless you have a controller of course. Making it through the whole game takes a lot of practice, (maybe too much) and there are a lot of secrets to what randomly placed events you can find. A lot of fun exploring and several obstacles that reward you for their difficulty. Some not really worth the trouble and others are barely a hassle. Although this game is randomly generated, there are a few patterns, don't be fooled by thinking the whole place is the same, its just a small grouped area of spaces. Those patterns only last in the stage you are in. Once you enter a new stage, those patterns are long gone and you have to manuever with the new space, monsters, and best of all, traps.Overall, if you have patience, this is most certainly worth the buy.If you don't, you'll probably smash your controller."
76561198040887431,Recommended,239350,9318979,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,impreza7,"Brutally hard and a lot of fun until you lose patience.  Tons of content and cool 2d graphics, it's a deep game.  But ultimately, just requires too many restarts for me.   Instead of being a multi-day adventure like Mario Bros, Zelda, etc, where you actually make progress, you start over every time you die in Spelunky.   A true rogue game.  So if you like this sort of thing, Spelunky is well done."
,Recommended,239350,1704719,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Kirabetas [Trivia Host],"PROS:  The game looks very appealing in some of the earlier segments, with everything being nicely polished.  The enemies are all distinct, and easy to tell apart.  The game is challenging, but in the good kind of way, most of the time, and the shortcut system helps get you familiar with certain areas.CONS: First off, Hell.  The only way to access it is to start at the very beginning and play a specific way.  A shortcut there would have been nice.  The shopkeeper's AI is also a bit off, as they'll attack you if ANYTHING attacks them, even if the level just starts up.  Lastly, the damage.  A lot of later enemies have attacks that can lock you, making it impossible to escape.  Worst off, is that when hit, your character bounces around, and is unable to get back up until he's been laying on solid ground for about 3 seconds.  Enemies will take advantage of this to knock off 30 health in one combo.ACHIEVEMENTS: Some of them are really difficult, though in time, and trying uniquely for them, you can get them.FINAL: The game can easily be recommended, though just prepare yourself for some cheap deaths along the way."
,Recommended,239350,13614259,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Beck,♥♥♥♥ing awesome roguelike platformer.
76561198018464338,Recommended,239350,13614486,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nomahhhhh05,"Great game, but VERY challenging...and frustrating!"
,Recommended,239350,13616256,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Indraroop,"TL;DR: stop reading and buy this.I point to Spelunky as the epitome of perfection in gaming mechanics. This could be the only game in my collection and I'd never be bored.It's hard but in a fair way. It's also hard enough that you don't get bored. Beating it once doesn't you will beat it again.Endless variety means that practice makes you *better* but not necessarily perfect.The free version of Spelunky is great (that's where I had the bulk of my hours), but this version is vastly superior in terms of responsiveness, gameplay, environments and enemies."
,Recommended,239350,13618081,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,karmatose,This game is fantastic. It's brutally difficult and rage inducing. Never the same twice which will keep you coming back.
76561198067213796,Recommended,239350,13619713,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ravendusk,"This game greatly improves on the original while staying true to it. If you liked the original or like a game with a bit of challenge in it, this is for you."
,Recommended,239350,13623170,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pride,I can prevent Fall Damage by hanging on a Ledge while falling. Who knew?
,Recommended,239350,13607239,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Neuhaus,"If you like challenges, just buy it. Haven't played such a hard and fun game in a while, and I'm getting really addicted to it. Obs: Don't buy it if you feel you can't take it!"
76561198003097025,Recommended,239350,13593461,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jimmy Onishi  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Lost urge to eat, let alone leave the chair... Worked better than Jenny CraigBest Diet program ever11/10"
,Recommended,239350,13650084,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ObsidianHoax,AAAAAAAAAAARG. Darn Bats.Great fun for Me and two siblings. 9/10Love the music
76561198026426016,Recommended,239350,13653758,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rez,gud game
,Recommended,239350,19690891,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Yoglogger M.D.,"So much time burned on this game. It is perfect for ""I am bored"" syndrome. Sure, it will make you rage like crazy, but like the video game giants of Mario and Sonic, it has that strange allure that makes you want to come back and try again later."
76561198088213774,Recommended,239350,19646621,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,spots2012,"Chalenging, destructable environment platformer. Quite difficult!"
,Recommended,239350,4454016,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,BabyRage,An amazing rogue-like adventure game that was ported from xbox360(finally).
,Recommended,239350,19594386,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Elarith,"Spelunky. Amazing ""co-op"" adventure game. Warning, your friends will get you killed. Many times."
,Recommended,239350,19594674,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Gavmandog,I've had several small heart attacks while playing this.Great game for the constitutionally robust.Bad game for the elderly and those with coronary conditions.
76561198039468782,Recommended,239350,19658913,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,coloredfood,"Can be hard as hell, but stands to be an addicting challenge even after beating the standard game."
,Recommended,239350,19731887,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Coffee,"I've played this game a lot.  Mostly on PS4, but I bought a second copy to put on my tablet.  Challenging, fun, requires patience, I strongly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,239350,19760122,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,daps,"if youre willing to die multiple times over and over again trying to beat this game, then go for it.its actually really fun, so you should go for it anyway"
,Recommended,239350,19780930,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,1wolffan,"A rogue-like 2D platformer. This game is brutally difficult, but I can't stop playing it. The author chose a 16-bit art-style but it still fits the game flawlessly. Sometimes the controls feel a bit muddy, especially the hit-box on the whip vs. the bat. This is definitely one of those games where the only way you're going to get good enough to beat it, is to get better at the game-mechanics. As difficult as this game is, every time you get a bit further, you feel an amazing sense of acomplishment. If you like hard games, this is definitely a game you should consider."
76561198027459751,Recommended,239350,19777202,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Yaugzebul,"I'll be fair. I have seen some videos of this one and said : ""Hey let's try"".After some quick deaths and not going outside of world one (I am a bad mechanical player), I stopped completely.Then one youtuber I follow a lot for a daily series on this game gave me the appeal to try it again.But here my mindset was different : the goal here is not (for me) to play but to beat the game.And I play, I play, again and again : sessions are short (usually) which makes it a great game to improve slowly.Then you beat it once, then twice. and you go on more and more challenging goals.It became one of my most play games.This game is extremely well made and when you die it is entirely your fault.If you like challenges and plateformers : this one is a beast !"
76561197993603893,Recommended,239350,9778559,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Sarcastro,"One of the best, hardest, most frustrating games ever made.I've been playing video games for 20 years, and this game is on my Top 5. It's different every time, but it's also the exact same every time- there are no skill points or levels up to make things easier. It's never unfair, but it's expert at punishing stupid mistakes."
,Recommended,239350,12354919,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hem,Played with the wife. Explored many times the levels. Had big laughs. Had little arguments. Never reached the end. Good times. Nice little game.
,Recommended,239350,12342349,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,King of Miso,"This is one of those games that you hate so much yet you keep playing it. It's on the same level as Super Meat Boy, with me.You have to buy it.10/10."
,Recommended,239350,12321344,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,dakota,dunk your spelunk into this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239350,12205922,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,robbbot,"Fantastic game, 2d sidescrolling roguelike. The daily challenge will keep you coming back for more brutal deaths."
,Recommended,239350,1404210,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Jimmy McAwesome,"Rogue Like Platformer, with a whole bunch of crazyness.♥♥♥♥♥♥YEAH!!!!"
76561198028233550,Recommended,239350,12212864,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,crowbar520,"This game is really, really, really, really good.  If you like being happy/frustrated, buy this game now."
,Recommended,239350,12246725,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ildon,"This game is probably one of the best conversions of Rogue-like gameplay into a basic platformer. Death is permanent, and often comes suddenly to the unwary, but after the fact you start to realize that there was in fact something you could have done to avoid it. You could have prepared better or been more cautious. It's also filled with a lot of hidden areas and unexpected interactions to exploit. The game is practically the definition of simple to understand, difficult to master. The daily challenge dungeons are a great addition.I will say that the little deathmatch mode is pretty dumb/pointless, but that's not why you should play this game anyway."
,Recommended,239350,12235195,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,MelancholyZombie,"Relentlessly difficult rogue-like platformer that rewards both player skill development and accumulated player knowledge.Also the Daily Challenge is genius, great way to craft a shared-experience in a game that is procedurally generated and an even better way to encourage skill refinement in a asynchronous competitive space."
,Recommended,239350,12214945,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Skull Knigga,It's quite a difficult game at times but it's also extremely addicting. It's like Binding of Isaac if you've played that but better imo.
,Recommended,239350,13448732,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,wintermute,"A perfect game.  Precise controls, hard but fair, procedurally generated levels mean a fresh challenge every time."
76561198018173787,Recommended,239350,13450367,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dalar005,"This is an insanely addictive game with great replay value. I bought it on the recommendation of a friend to join in on the daily challenges and test my mettle against our crew. First time around, I died pretty quickly. And continued to do so. (Actually that hasn't changed. This game finds new and inventive ways to kill me every time I play it.) Difficulty can be pretty high, and with the ever changing levels you can't memorize where and when to jump, dodge, or duck through the obstacles and enemies. Ultimately thats what keeps me coming back as I try to improve my playing skills to beat out my friends every day. The challenge is a great quick fix every night for gaming but you can easily spend hours going back for another round.If you like platformers, don't mind challenging gameplay, and want to play daily for bragging rights with your friends, buy this game!"
,Recommended,239350,13599053,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vir027,"Platformers have never been my bag. I got Crash Bandicoot Warped in the pack with my first PlayStation. So ends my platforming history. I got this one as I thought m'lady might be into it. She liked it a bit. I have almost never found a game so compulsive--really, I was briefly thinking I should never have purchased it!I don't think I'm very good at the game, but it's highly entertaining nevertheless! Getting killed in a game normally results in my being less into a game, but just the reverse here. Somehow I'm always getting killed in unexpectedly hilarious ways, and there is as advertised a fair complex of skills to gain to progress.Gladly, I wore off the addictive element after about a week, but I continually recommend this game to anybody with Steam. I have actively waited for it to be on sale so I could buy a copy to gift. Don't have anyone in mind, but I think it's as worthwhile as that."
,Not Recommended,239350,13583659,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tr4nzNRG,"Looks good...but not my type of game.If you like platform type of puzzles where you instantly die and have to start all over repeating the easy and boring parts until you have to do ""the end manouvre"". Than buy it...else avoid it :)...and I think it plays best with a controler of some sort."
,Recommended,239350,13583661,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,hedgecorps,I would recommend this game to anyone who can operate a computer or controller.
76561198084231373,Recommended,239350,13589737,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Harry 'Opie' Winston,Buy it now guys
,Recommended,239350,13579040,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Skuru,You can use chick as a weapon or human shield.
,Recommended,239350,13579390,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,s.X. Red9,"The only thing that is more vicious, cruel, cold blooded and unforgiving than this game, is my ex girlfriend. The sprites, scenarios, enemies and bosses are amazing, so is the music and power ups, but beware, this game will let you have nothing but tears of frustration and broken controllers. It's the Dark Souls of casual gaming....but more dificult!"
,Recommended,239350,13579461,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[JL]Zoi,"Bought this game on Steam sale and I hate myself for it.This game has created in me a new depth of self loathing.  This self loathing is only eclipsed by the hatred I feel for this game.   All I do in this game is die, restart, die, die, die, and die again. I can’t stop, I try and then I am back like some pathetic junky addicted to some new and super amalgam of heroin and crack.  As I have been typing this review I have died and restarted 5, 6, 7, 10 more times.10/10 Loathe how much I suck at this game10/10 Hate this game10/10 buy/die againDamn all those $%#*ing spiders to hell!"
76561198130236904,Recommended,239350,13580039,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ShadowBlitz Valkyrie,- Dying is fun :)- Controls are easy to use- Local Co-op
,Recommended,239350,13580745,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,D'artagnan,Smooth Rogue-like gameplay.
76561198215761764,Recommended,239350,14913035,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,LamChopss,Amazing Game! Definitely one of the best platformer games on Steam. You must try this out.
76561198141386273,Recommended,239350,14975464,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,superkowalski1,I've beaten this game so many times its not as hard as people say it isinfact I would go as far as to say it was total weak sauce
76561198014898179,Recommended,239350,14959976,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MrCakeMan14,"1 life, great soundtrack, different skins used for playable characters, alot of items, huge learning curve, harder than it looks,  creative ways to die, addicitve, GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,239350,14963773,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Package Courier,Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead.
,Recommended,239350,14883214,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nick Da Nasty,"Only have three or so hours in on the game by the way of the steam client. I put in more hours on a handheld device. This game is a great time killer and the random levels is always a plus. Keeps the game fresh. COntrols are excellent, don't feel cheap. The game has been developed well, solid design and beautiful. Fun addictive, and it can be played in small amounts of time to long gameplay sessions. enjoyed 9/10 , missing 1 point becuase the victim that you can rescue cries to  much."
,Recommended,239350,14865523,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rapscallion,They say that repeating the same actions over and over while expecting different results is a sign of madness. I'm sure I'll make it through on the next run though...
,Recommended,239350,2146847,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Pwnsdeleon,This is the best platformer i've ever played. it keeps me coming back for more and more punishment!
76561197993287648,Recommended,239350,7647660,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Crake,"Absolutely Genius.  Easy to learn but impossible to master, there are no cheap deaths, just mistakes made and it is so loaded with secrets and items that it'll take a long time to get bored!  Love it."
,Recommended,239350,10948887,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,El Slotherino,hard and good
,Recommended,239350,14804716,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,RobJ81,"Hands down one of my favorite roguelikes of all time.  Easy to learn, hard to master."
76561198042276382,Recommended,239350,14850545,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Emile,"Very cool but unforgiving roguelike with many cool ideas in them. The level generation is quite impressive! I can't say I'm a huge fan of the difficulty, however. It is too frustrating and time consuming to move on in the game. If you have a lot of time on your hands and are a platformer fan, this is one of the better in its genre.I'm feeling a strong 7"
,Recommended,239350,30501893,Posted: 13 March,all,Chapel,"This game is impossible but extremely fun, and you will feel SO GOOD when you get to the jungle cave thingy. I personally haven't gotten any farther, and i have a more than a day on this game!"
,Recommended,239350,14998058,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,pacman41000,"Spleunky is a dungeon crawler with rougelike elements. Each level is randomly generated, giving you a new experience every time you play. The game uses marioesque type leveling system, for example you start off in the mines. Each area has 4 levels, 1-1, 1-2, 1-3, and 1-4. Your goal of each level is to reach the cave to the next level. On your way you must collect as much gold and equipment on your way. There are a ton of traps and monsters to try and kill you. You may take as long as you like to scope throughout the level to find as much gold as possible, just use your rope and bombs wisely. Be aware, you have all the time you need, but can you survive the time? After a certain amount of time a huge ghost appears with the text saying ""A chill runs up your spine..."" This ghost will chase you down in an attempt to kill you. So yeah this is pretty much the entire game played out through multiple areas until you reach the end. But it does not feel repetitve in any way, each area presents you with a new mechanic and enemies that give you new things to learn. Giving you new dangers to adapt to and make your way through. You also have a journal to keep track of what items and enemies you encounter.  Also, the music is probably my favorite part of this game. It combines a feel of adventure with mystery. It fits the tone of the game really well, and there is differnet music for differnet parts of the game. I have one nitpick if you want to call it that with the game that I will go over right now. This game is VERY unforgiving, and i don't mean that in a bad way. I enjoy difficulty in games, like i said i don't think i would call this a ""nitpick"" i consider more of a draw to the game. Traps and monsters can do anywhere from 1 heart to death. This game makes you think about going through a level, and has you at the edge of your seat when you're low on hearts, and you just entered the ice caves. I highly recommend this game to anyone that wants a game to kill half their day. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,14982050,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Goldicot,"Simply put, because why would you put anything any other way unless you wanted to sound pretentious (which I oft do), Spelunky is perfect. Near-infinite replayability, flawless mechanics, sublime difficulty, and unbelievably fun to play. An essential. If you don't like this game, you are, pretentiously put, fallaciously erroneous."
,Recommended,239350,14988849,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,tickbite,"Do I recommend this game? Absolutely. It's addictive, it's smart and fun, it's more variable than anything else I've played recently.But this is for anyone who wonders if it's worth paying for the HD version when the original version is still free: Absolutely (too). The graphics are gorgeous. There's a book with Monsters, Places, Traps and Items that lists your statistics. There are new monsters, new traps, new weapons, the dark levels have new mechanics that are making it both more challenging and more interesting. And there are new levels too which I am far from getting to yet. I have died 120 times so far and are yet to make it to the Final Boss.This is for anyone who thinks the game will be too hard: You will likely be better than me, but you won't beat it right away either. That's not the point. Have the tunnel man build you tunnels and do some practice. Get to know the game before you even attempt to reach the end. You'll enjoy every minute of it."
,Recommended,239350,14692310,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dark_Assassin91,"This game is the most infurriating yet addictive game that i have played in a long time, this game is very short and as one of the acheivments suggests it can be completed in 8 minutes or less. THAT BEING SAID, one wrong move and you will have to go all the way back to the start of the game from the multiple enemies, hazzards and death traps. i spent 16 hours playing this before i completed the final level. Also; no level will ever be the same, the levels will seem similar for each zone but there will never be a level in which you know the way around, this game can sometimes be repetative but the fact that the level layout changes every level makes things a little easier when you have to keep replaying different zones of the game.You may be able to complete this alot faster than i did but you will more than likely have moments where you keep dying and restarting, after a while you will get shortcuts that take you further into the game but you will not have the resources that you may well need that you would collect by playing from the very start of the game rather than 1/2 way or even 3/4's of the way through.even though this game angered me and caused me to rage quit on more than one occaision, i have to say that i did enjoy it and i would reccomend it if you are a fan of platforming games..... or torture.I would not reccomend this game if you lack patience or you despise what seems like repetative tasks."
,Recommended,239350,14683663,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AbeClancy,
,Recommended,239350,14681919,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GCE | Regis,"A surprisingly deep and replayable game that's the embodiment of ""easy to learn, hard to master"". The Daily Challenge adds a nice competitive mode for players to come back to every day."
,Recommended,239350,14753317,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,lonelybench,"I've played HOURS upon HOURS of this game, however I have a low play time on steam because I played it offline.All I can say is, be prepared to die when you start. A lot.But in all seriousness, BUY THE GAMEit is AMAZING"
,Recommended,239350,14635629,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,gerritthagrate,"Challenging, yet extremly addicting platformer with high resolution to boot. Highly reccomend for any platformer lover."
,Not Recommended,239350,13210975,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,StoomBoom,The game is pretty enjoyable if you have a controller otherwise the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls ruin the game experience.
76561198004063342,Recommended,239350,7642395,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Steven Howles,Everyone should try this.  It is very addictive and the roguealike elements ensure you will always have a fresh game to play
76561197995217572,Recommended,239350,14733631,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Ipseitet,"It has been a fun challenge to slowly get better at Spelunky until finally completing the game.Platformers are far from my favorite genre, but this game has a great mix of solid gameplay mechanics, responsiveness, energetic soundtrack, randomly generated maps, a fun learning curve scaled against high difficulty.On difficulty: You cannot save and you can die very easily. This results in many very short runs especially when new to the game. But the difficulty level and perma-death is essential to the game's fun. If you could quick load there would be no point.If you would like a great platforming challenge, Spelunky is right for you."
,Recommended,239350,7514923,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,achi,the video game version of cocaine
,Recommended,239350,9398216,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kareen Redeem,"I love this game, i had 5 lives and i died by 3 dart traps in a row. 12/10"
,Recommended,239350,10149077,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,I'm not gay,"Pros:Pretty graphics style.A lot of content.Nice physics engine.Basic, yet fun.Randomly generated levels, high replayability value.Cons:Although the replayability value is high, can get repetive.Can be quite frustrating.If you decide to pick the game up, prepare to die, a lot."
,Recommended,239350,10151725,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ItsGeeMcGee,"I picked up Spelunky on a Steam sale not knowing much about the game other than I would die a lot, and I have to say I can't recommend this game highly enough. The art style is impeccable, the gameplay is addicting and fun, and the game controls wonderfully.While it is certainly true that I have died a lot (and haven't even made it out of the ice caves yet), the deaths don't bother me because they all feel very fair and never cheap. When you do die, you can always attribute it to not looking ahead (or behind) carefully enough. Every trap or enemy in the game can be dealt with given a little proper planning and careful technique, so the fault for every death falls solely on the player.The daily challenge is another great addition to the game's adventure mode. While it plays the exact same way, every player gets the same dungeon for the daily challenge as opposed to the procedurally generated dungeons of adventure mode. This makes for great leaderboard competition amongst your friends, and because you only get one chance at the daily challenege, it adds an added sense of urgency and importance to the run.Spelunky is a beautiful, addictive, and difficult game that can be played in short bursts, which is particularly important for those with limited gaming time or a family. It is easy for me to hop on, play for 20 minutes, and then turn the computer over to my wife while still feeling like I had a quality gaming session. That being said, it takes a long time to master this game, so while it can be played in short bursts, it will also keep you playing for weeks (or months) to come."
,Recommended,239350,13263746,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,InfamousFootstool,"A brilliant game which I honestly think may be seen, in the future, as one of the most important ever made. People call it a ""roguelike"", and it is, but it's an evolution of the concept; I think of many games (such as FTL and The Binding of Isaac) as being, to one extent or another, Spelunkylike.Aesthetics are a bit dull, though."
,Recommended,239350,13289228,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Omnibro,"Spelunky is a test of patience, a true adventure and challenge to any seasoned adventurer. Not only are you limited with 4 lives, which is how many hits you can take and your equipment is rather limited, you can buy it or find it, but don't expect everything spoonfed to your character within the first few levels. You can never return to the same level twice, each is generated from a random seed and it's what made me return each day to pass time with.The equipment is excellent, the double jump and glider is by far my priority list when I play this game, they can equal to a nifty escape when you've ran out of bombs or rope. Some items like the parachute I find pointless unless you plan to speedrun your way through however not something I go heads over heels for.The game is excellent for passing time, a party challenge with drinks at hand or competitive play to see who's on the leaderboard each day."
76561198060842859,Recommended,239350,13142739,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Vellus,I died.A lot.im not very good.
76561198048347128,Recommended,239350,13157475,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dragon of Dojima,Indiana Stones
76561198044405825,Recommended,239350,13116094,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,fantasastic,"The biggest strength of this game is how well it's designed. Despite the times it's left me heartbroken, when I think of the most difficult but ""fair"" game, this is it. You can't cheese it, which I love.It's about the decisions you make and how you execute them that'll determine your success. It always feels like you either learn something new from each death, or make a mistake where you immediately know what you could've done differently.Very simple on the surface, with just the right amount of depth. Not just one of the best games in recent years, one of the best of all time falling under the platform genre."
,Recommended,239350,13117545,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Billy McGill,"in a 3 day time period i have managed to play this game for 32 hours.. Holy Geez is this a masterpiece, the game play is beyond fantastic! you will be lost for hours and hours exploring caves and wondering how the heck you died! but you end up coming back for more. This game was the best money i have spent all year!The game runs great on any average computer.Great for gamers of all ages!Hard but endless fun!@_RATE: 9/10_@"
76561197989544666,Recommended,239350,13154284,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,RS232,"One of my favorite games, that I can play anytime and always enjoy it. One of the best game designs I've ever seen.Knowing that your progression is based on improvement of player skill instead of just grinding out stat boosts is what makes this game wonderful.Would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,239350,13060578,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,thekinkajou,"Super-fun and challenging rogue-like. This is a modern classic for a reason. One of my favortie games in addition to FTL that I can start playing anytime when I just have a few minutes. Co-op is really fun too, so bring a friend!"
,Recommended,239350,12649480,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Xenocide,If you like mines and big nosed midgets you'll like this game.
76561198094922651,Recommended,239350,12650617,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,kritterfer,four words: fantastic creative and adventurous. once i got it i couldn't put it down. and every time you play the levels they randomly generate so it's never the same as it was before. fantastic... just fantastic...
,Recommended,239350,10599553,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,JDRPG,This game is hard. Too hard. I haven't even beaten it yet. It loves to kill you. Prepare to cry in anguish. 5/5
76561198058183473,Recommended,239350,10600152,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,L3v1R,Spelunky is an awesome game. The game itself is awesome. It's mecanics are preaty hard to get used to but it is ok.I totally recommend you this game. Its so much fun
,Recommended,239350,11109920,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,finn_,"gg shopkeeper, no re"
76561198098859579,Recommended,239350,10561087,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Unoriginal1deas,I died on the first level..........a lot6/10 fun for hours
,Recommended,239350,10568713,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Britz ^-^,The most addicting rage ever
,Recommended,239350,11088270,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,RetroVertigo,Very challenging and fun game that's very hard to stop playing.
76561198038362662,Recommended,239350,11091883,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,La_humedad,"Al principio pense que era un juego sencillo, de hecho lo compre para mi hijo de 4 años porque me parecio lindo. Pero cuando empece a jugarlo me di cuenta que estaba muy equivocado... es bastante dificil. Detras de su sencillez este juego esconde una gran dificultad, y hasta algo de sadismo: cuando crees que te esta yendo bien, o cuando conseguis ese item que querias, algo aparece y te mata inesperadamente, haciendote empezar todo otra vez. A pesar de ser dificil, a veces hasta frustrante, es un juego muy entretenido, la generacion aleatoria de mapas y hace unica cada experiencia, cuenta con una estetica muy agradable, y la musica acompaña mucho al juego.100% recomendable para jugadores tanto casuales como experimentados."
76561197967843217,Recommended,239350,11092526,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,bizkwikman,A good game that can be quite frustrating at times. Everything can and will kill you. You will die - a lot. Feels genuinely amazing when you learn from your mistakes and perfect your skills in order to progress.
76561197971300245,Recommended,239350,11097873,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ᵀᴼᴳ Draadnor ᴬᵁ,A suprisingly good platformer. Easy to play and difficult to progress with a variety of enemies and terrain to play in. Reminded me of 'The Binding of Isaac'.
,Recommended,239350,11099899,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sinister savior,Such a challege that might as well cost you a couple hundred more bucks for breaking your computer. This is indeed a rage filled game but if games can't♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. And there is some sale for this give it a try I say.
,Recommended,239350,11081061,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Furious Fingus,Buy it. You wont regret it.
,Recommended,239350,10891676,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mecha-Fetus,Don't throw  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,239350,10894571,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,=^_^=,"Even though this is an Indie game, it's a HARDCORE Indie game.  It's Roguelike and Super Mario-like meets a bit of strategy.  For some reason, though I keep dying, I can't seem to put it down.  The way Spelunky is set up, when your character dies, you feel like you JUST almost could have avoided death by a thread to reach your goal.  And that is why I find it addicting.  Though I find the art only okay and the music/sfx horrible, it's the gameplay of this game that shines.  It's balanced, non-grinding, and a bit fun-stressful to play."
76561198059218085,Recommended,239350,10895548,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Orac,"Spelunky manages to be both a very traditional roguelike and a very modern one both at once, and seems to borrow the best from each camp."
,Recommended,239350,10915487,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,rpr1me,"They should rename this ""Dark Souls 0.5"" and add a worldwide deaths meter."
76561198096320507,Recommended,239350,10915688,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gizmo,This is very great game and i will start by saying Yes i recommend this game because it is fun and randomized. It really challenges you as a gamer and because it is randomized you have to get good at it to beat it not just flook.
,Recommended,239350,10915782,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,o h g o s h,"Spelunky has been praised as a fun, addictive rogue-like game. And I agree, but some strong pros and cons make me wonder if the word ""frustrating"" should have been used to describe it as well.Pros:-Game is simple to learn and difficult to master-The levels are all similar and therefore easy to play despite being randomized, but every few levels the theme and enemies change as well as some other aspects, such as the second area introducing water.-Character weapons and abilities are given through pickups and some pickups need to be dropped for other objectives like idols (worth money) and damsels (regenerate hearts unless Kali gets them).Cons:-Hit stun.-Hit stun!-HIT STUN! Seriously, it ruins plenty of runs because your character gets stunned on taking some types of damage. Not only that but stunning attacks generally knock you back, and your character is apparently made of some type of rubber because you bounce easily. In a game where heading downward is the point of the level, it's difficult to live through one stunning health loss because you consistently fall great heights, and bounce off: enemies, which hurt and bounce you again; spikes, which instantly kill you; or explosive crates, which, well, explode.-Shopkeepers blame you for any damage to their store or themselves. If you take an idol and a stone ball rolls into their store, you get blamed and can't shop anymore. Even if you meant to hurt the store/shopkeeper, they have shotguns, which, while difficult to battle against traditionally, are accompanied by the shopkeeper running faster than you, jumping higher than you, and if they touch you you take damage regardless of their held weapon/item.-Some areas require you to have bombs/ropes or wait for the time to run out and die to the ghost/kill yourself in the pause menu. And I don't mean areas you created by bombing or anything, some levels have procedurally generated ""stuck"" spots that you have no way of seeing coming.All in all it's a fun roguelike, but a few glaring issues, such as the rubberized physics on your character, make the experience frustrating and, at times, lackluster. Roguelikes traditionally make you feel as though your deaths are due to being ill-prepared or rushing, but getting hit once with 10 hearts and bouncing fifteen times into a spike you have never seen before makes an otherwise great game boring and annoying to play at times.Buy it on sale if you're a glutton for punishment like I am. Otherwise you'll just get mad and not play it much."
,Recommended,239350,8245200,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,alexinwonderland,OMG amazeballs
,Recommended,239350,8236638,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TimeSprinkler,"I just started this game and am terrible at platformers, but it has alreadly got my vote for being awesome.This game seems to be about the little things you do and discover that make it awesome.  To that point, the final level of the tutorial was filled wiht me throwing rocks at things, not actually tring to complete the level.  It was a very enjoyable experience, I do recommend throwing rocks."
76561198071430754,Recommended,239350,8236925,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mickey D,"If your not the best at platforming and play games for the thrill of winning, this game might not be for you, It's a good game to pick up and have a sesh.It is definitly difficult, while playing my opinion on the game changes from liking its smart mechanics and play style, to getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of as i die for the 10th time in the early rooms."
,Recommended,239350,7577098,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Controser,"When I heard of this game I did not know what to think. However, after playing it I can say that it is now in my list of top 10 games of all time. Not many games today are a challenge, but this game breaks that idea. Even after playing through it for countless hours I have still yet to beat it. Not to mention that there is also a secret ending! There is only a total of 25 stages, yet you can find yourself lucky to reach world two or three. My favorite part is the worlds are never the same. Every level is randomly generated, leaving you with a new adventure every time. Hidden in the game is a multitude of characters & gear to try out, treasure as far as the eye can see, and traps. Not to mention you can have all this fun with up to three others! Want to do something different? Try out the fast-paced deathmatch mode. I give it a 5 stars out of 5. This is a must buy for those who are considering it."
,Recommended,239350,8238972,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Icedawg,"Great music, great game.  Simple yet satisfying every attempt."
,Recommended,239350,8240037,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,EX DEE,♥♥♥♥ Yes! This is the single best Rouge-like I have ever played.
76561198066925964,Recommended,239350,8241332,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sareth201,This game is so frusturatingly addicting. Hours and hours I've put in and still have yet to beat the first boss.
76561198042115561,Recommended,239350,8241752,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,xkyzarx,"The best action rogue-like ever created. Period. Challenging but fair, with an absolutely absurd amount of depth, you can literally play this game for ever. Hidden levels, deep and meaningful interations that keep you trying new things, and a shourcut progression system that will only keep you playing more and more make this title incredibly satisfying. The only thing wrong with Spluenky is the rare insta-death that can be out of you control (rock hit to fall to unseen spike pit anyone?) but these instances are minimal and you have complete control 99% of the time. Anyone who want a 2d platformer with some serious replay value will want to pick this up ASAP."
,Recommended,239350,8241959,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Buzzkill,Hard as balls but I can see myself getting addicted as hell if I put some time into it
,Recommended,239350,7902342,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,lal0l,Spelunky is all about making decisions: Is that damsel worth the risk? Should I spend my last bomb to get that crate? I can't pay for this but can I afford stealing it?It's pretty much like life: You can be very cautious and die immediately or very reckless and still win the game.One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,239350,10712609,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,somexpert,"This game is incredibly simple and yet incredibly deep at the same time. Your only controls are your movement, jump, sprint, whip, deploy a bomb, and deploy a rope. And yet, you will find yourself dying in the most unexpected ways. For instance, you might throw an arrow at an enemy, only to have that arrow, after killing the enemy, continue forward and activate a trap that sends another arrow over your head behind you into an explosive block that propels a simple rock into your head, knocking you over a ledge and onto a pit of spikes below you. The greatest part about this is that it supports cooperative play, even local coop. And that's a VERY good thing, as three or four player coop is really where things get hectic and fun. Each time you play, the map is generated anew, so you never play the same map twice. I still have yet to make it to the end, but honestly that doesn't bother me at all. The fun is simply in trying. 9/10"
76561197991202549,Recommended,239350,10713007,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Runningxbackward,Do you want to put yourself through a grinder of hate and anger then give Spelunky a try. Don't worry it is a fun hurt.
76561198048031728,Recommended,239350,10804765,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zyphox,"A frog jumped into a shop and exploded, making the shopkeeper shoot me in the face.10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,239350,10799287,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NOT THE BEES,"I've only put a few hours into this game on Steam, but I've played it probably hundreds of hours between the original PC and Vita versions. Pure and simple, this game is one of the most fun, while simultaneously difficult games I have ever played. It only takes me around thirty minutes to beat it start from finish, but I've only beaten it maybe 50 times out of 1,000+? You will die a lot. But the game is fair, for the most part."
76561198066355141,Recommended,239350,10634550,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,joecamelbak,Endless challenging fun
76561197999297393,Recommended,239350,10636950,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yogo Nospo,"One of the best games ever.  It's so difficult, but every time you die, your skill increases a lot.  Very fun."
,Recommended,239350,10674931,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LEGION Mk.II,I offered myself as a sacrifice to Kali.10/10
,Recommended,239350,10678200,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Redriv,"It's fun and you die alot, also pugs"
,Recommended,239350,10680030,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ProtomanBlues,"Challenging, fun, and deep. Top 10 personal favorite."
,Recommended,239350,10903411,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,wa,Let's Die and loop.
,Recommended,239350,10903954,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,EnochReid,Spelunky is incredible. Just play it. Is there a word limit to be able to post this and get imaginary steam points? Maybe so. Spelunky doesnt have imaginary points. Its all real deal life and death. You can be a robot. You can shoot a yeti with a plasma rifle. You can be a robot.
76561198097441799,Recommended,239350,10813373,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GoofyGod,"Spelunky is an amazing game, a quick play or and hour long game. Depends on your style."
,Recommended,239350,10615922,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Homph,Among all-time favorites. Strong recommend.
76561197991669131,Recommended,239350,10523923,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dewg,"After many hours, many resets and much fail, I have finally completed the game! While I managed to get through the City Of Gold and pickup the book of the dead I didn't manage to get into Hell.The game is as addictive as it is annoying, you can easily get sucked into hours of playing and still not get out of the mines, it;s a total love/hate realationship.I would suggest getting the tunnels made ASAP so you can practice each level as without being able to 'master' each area you will never complete the run through."
76561197983371286,Recommended,239350,10604267,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,f2k,"How can something so frustrating be so much fun?Make no mistake, you'll die. In fact, you'll die a lot. Run. Jump. Fall down. Respawn. Run. Jump. Get eaten by a spider. Respawn. Rince and repeat...Yes, occasionally it can be frustrating. But at the same time it's so incredibly addicting."
,Recommended,239350,10619963,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fiveeyes,"I'm still not quite sure why this game is so revered. Although it's a pretty decent game, and it's difficulty is pretty fun, since you can instantly die at any point from traps, it's just not as appealling as other hardcore games. I wouldn't recommend this over Super Meat Boy, Dark Souls, or Binding of Isaac only due to that instant death mechanic. Otherwise the game is quite fun, and hard as nails."
,Recommended,239350,10620076,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Skrump,"Great game, everyone deserves to play it"
76561198062282356,Recommended,239350,10622243,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Doggo,"Everything you love and hate about a rouge like. Plays smoothly and it always feels like its your fault when you die, always room for improvement and just loads of fun all around. Highly recommend for ""intermediate"" leveled player of platformers because this game does have a tendancy to punish any wrong move you make."
,Recommended,239350,10780308,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,trashmeister,Can't Even Get Past The First World10/10 GOTY
76561197967036946,Recommended,239350,8429768,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Prancing Wombat,"""Go deeper! Keep going! Have another go! You can do better!"" Amazing game! :)"
,Recommended,239350,8430077,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Madain_Sari,One of the best games of the last couple of years!
76561198045331552,Recommended,239350,8430124,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Art,"Are you good at FPS? Well that doesn't matter. Are you good at RPG? That doesn't matter either because you're playing Spelunky! My first run through was awful... Died within seconds... and my second and third. But Once you play it A LOT then you get a hang of the game and maybe can finally make it to level 2, The next area. If you're not looking for a challenging game absoulutely don't buy spelunky, but if you are well you're in luck. This is by far I'd have to say one of the hardest platformers I've ever played and most intriguing. This game is unique among platformers and should be thought of as such. The only mode I've played so far is Adventure and I haven't even done the others. So I suggest go buy the game and handcuff your arms to something... because you're gonna wanna punch your computer after 10 minutes and we wouldn't want that."
,Recommended,239350,8430156,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
76561198025489872,Recommended,239350,11501593,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,"Relyte, relishious rompers","This is the best mod available for Fallout: New Vegas. The Incan cities it adds, while inconsistent with the Wasteland, were a pleasure to get to know, after learning about how to avoid all the awful traps that protect them."
76561198060482860,Recommended,239350,11618016,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Mochila,This game is hard as hell!
,Recommended,239350,11646925,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,KekOfTheWalk,"Spelunky is easily one of my favorite games from the past fifteen years. Infinitely replayable, infinitely addictive, infinitely fun - Spelunky is a game that harkens back to the olden days of classic video gaming. You control a spelunker drawn to the lethal depths of the caves, lured in by the mere chance of fame and fortune. You must make it from the beginning of the procedurally-generated (i.e. randomly designed) level to the end, dodging deadly obstacles and not-so-friendly enemies... and, oh yeah, you have to repeat this process over and over, gradually making your way down further and further into the underground below amassing wild amounts of gold and treasures to take back to your old life on the surface. Did I mention that if you die you have to start from the beginning of the caves again? Yeah, Spelunky is one of ""those"" games (and I love it). You might find surprises along the way, secrets you could never imagine - most of the time, these secrets will lead to your untimely demise and yes, you will get mad but you'll tell yourself ""oh, just one more go and then I'll be done"" and then six hours will have slipped you by. Spelunky will become your captor, it will ruin your life. It will backhand you hard enough across the face that it'll bloody your mouth but you'll keep coming back for more because you love it. That is something I guarantee...NOTE: I see some reviewers complaining (for lack of a better word) about the invincible ghost that appears in the level after two minutes and thirty seconds has passed. While the ghost may be invincible, you can avoid and dodge it and continue to traverse the level... the ghost will even turn regular gems into shimmering diamonds worth vastly more than their original lackluster gem value. It seems the ghost is hated but it's just another element of the game - again, Spelunky is one of ""those"" games (and, I digress, I love it) and it refuses to hold your hand."
76561198086749002,Recommended,239350,11518364,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Stolas,"Fun yet frustrating.Recommended for sure though, but get ready to die. Often."
,Recommended,239350,11519905,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Cozza - Balrog Tamer,"Oh dear god its enfuriationg, buy it, buy it now."
76561198148318122,Not Recommended,239350,11596604,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ymmity,"Do your ressearch guys, and makle sure this game really is for you becuase some people love it, but others feel like they got robed out of 15 bucks.I got Spelunky becuase all the high rateings and great reviews . And i knew it to be hard , but i guess i didnt expect it to be this hard , i actually got pretty far, but i was more forceing myself to play. very little joy or sense of accomplishment was to be had.but thats just me. just make sure you do ur research becuase i feel that i did not get my moneys worth.Frankly i think its over hyped . its alright, but not the AMAZING game everyone makes it out to be."
76561198103155249,Recommended,239350,11801457,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SkyeMcCloud1,Mario meets indiana jones.  Best game ever.  Levels change each time you play for unlimited replay value
,Recommended,239350,11430225,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,A-Aron,Really fun game and easy to lose hours to. Probably one of the best indie games ever made.Procedural generation/roguelike elements add a ton of replayability to crazy fun this game.
76561198139088949,Recommended,239350,12674188,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mike_2620,Very addicting
,Recommended,239350,12713105,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Wormerine,"I hate it. I love it. And most of all I want to beat it.Spelunky is punishingly diificult, but very fair platformer with procedurally generated levels. The best part of Spelunky is that the only thing standing between you and victory is your skill. As you play through different levels everytime you play it is not a case of learning the levels (getting familiar with dangers waiting for you is quite necessary though.) Thanks to great design you almost never get lucky or unlucky. Great infuriating  fun.A down side of the game is its poor asthetic choices. The visuals are servicable but they lack a distincive artstyle. Music is pretty lame, too. While it is not a problem considering games focus on solid mechanics and more fluid animations and better first impression would be welcome."
,Recommended,239350,12644180,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,spaghetti joe,"Easily one of the best games out there.Its a challenging rogue like that will take ages to beat, and will probably make you rip your hair out. But the amount of exploration and fun there is in Spelunky makes it all worth it."
,Recommended,239350,7327089,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,❆Frozelar,"Spelunky has got to be one of my favorite games of all time.  It really is great fun, and I'd even go as far as to say it would be a mistake to pass it up.  I don't say that often, but I did now."
76561198006595523,Recommended,239350,8432606,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Drakmordis,"This game is great fun if you don't mind dying and starting over very frequently. Such feel, great sound, very enjoy"
76561198053107359,Recommended,239350,8433513,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KWalk12,"This game is a bunch of fun, much replayablity, such fun, so wow"
,Recommended,239350,8434409,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,deftaphid,It never gets boring. NEVER.
,Recommended,239350,8434582,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Irrelevant,"Tiešām interesanta spēle, pavisam vienkārši uztaisīta, bet tā kā katru reizi kad sāc spēlēt kartes layouts būs savādāks, itemus dabūsi citus, spēle neapniks, pats esmu nospēlējis vairāk kā 60 stundas, bet nedomāju beigt spēlēt, kaut vai tikai daily challenge dēļ, kurā jāsavāc pēc iespējas vairāk zelts, lai pārspētu cilvēkus no visas pasaules."
,Recommended,239350,8434743,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Карлей Карлеич,"Hardcore, broken fingers, achievements. It's awesome."
,Recommended,239350,8435231,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,muSick,"Spelunky is a 2D rogue-like platformer, in which you try to fight your way through an abandoned mine. While this may not be unique, every level itself is! Due to the random generation of each level, every playthrough is different. This increases the replay value enormously, which is needed, as you only got one life to make through the different stages of the mine. And there are a lot of ways to die in this game. One can consider the game to be really hard and you will die a lot... But losing is fun, at least in this game, as it challenges you to get a bit further every run you start (which is definitely possible). Deeper levels brings new obstacles to avoid, enemies to fight and environments to examine.Besides random levels, you have powerful items to find or buy, secrets to find, hidden characters to unlock and more. For me, probably the best indie platformer of the year. Go get it!4,5/5"
,Recommended,239350,8436526,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Barlog,This game is good and does not suck.
,Recommended,239350,4941703,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,what sorceress this,One of the best games ever designed. You should definetely pick it up especially if you like binding of isaac.
76561198027069369,Recommended,239350,8438801,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,arabisk fest,This game is da bomb.
,Recommended,239350,8439608,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dabe,Seems pointless and super difficult at first but you eventually see the reward through careful planning and precision. Harder but more fun with additional people joining in.
76561197990472230,Recommended,239350,8441440,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Blaze,This is one of the most realistic and informative games I have every played. It illustrates how dangerous an activity spelunking is and no matter how much golden treasure or hot bimbos await you in those caves you must resist that temptation because traps and spiders await you around every turn.
,Recommended,239350,8579070,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TramJaw,I hate this game.
76561198068251106,Recommended,239350,8582171,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,NoFriends69,lol dat shiiiit is for da♥♥♥♥♥♥♥win
,Recommended,239350,8182478,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Arsenal,"A really great game for people who enjoy a challenge! Though the controls are a bit tricky when you start, and the game is very unforgiving of mistakes, once you get the hang of it it's very rewarding. My favorite part is that if you die, it's 100% your own darn fault! No luck involved really."
,Recommended,239350,7754014,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Clovis,"One of the greatest platformers of all time. Due to the random generation of levels and items, the game stays fresh and exciting for a long time. It achieves an important hallmark of great gameplay: whenever you die, you know it is your fault. The controls (on controller or kb/m) are very tight. Almost every time you die, you learn a little something knew and head back into the caves. And, oh the ways you'll die! Although you have a bit of health, death is always just a spike away. Small mistakes can eaisly boomerang into complete disasters (like throwing your boomerang and not being ready to catch it).This HD version looks great and also features a level of the day, which quickly becomes a bit addicting. Climbing the ranks is a great reason to jump in every day. If you really enjoyed a level you can watch a ton of people play the exact same level on YouTube."
,Recommended,239350,7544821,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Maysin,Play this is you hate yourself like me.
76561198043617670,Recommended,239350,7527380,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Clitcomander,"SUPER addictive. on sale 7 bucks? why do you not own one of the best games on steam? I DO WISH it gave you more time per level before the ghost comes out, chasing you to the exit."
76561197997347184,Recommended,239350,7755944,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hardûn,"Look at this game. Look at it. It's awesome.Yeah, that's right, it's awesome.Unless you've got Raynaud's disease and you're in a freezer, you cannot fail to enjoy this game. It just keeps on going, one more run, one more try, I won't murder the shopkeepers this time.It will also♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Now, I'm generally a complete ♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to being put off - I dropped Half life 2 for about 2 years in Ravenholm (I was like 13, and it was dark. Very dark.) I mean, this is coming from the guy that never played more than 3 ranked games in a row in DoWII because he couldn't stand the tension. So it's a testament to the brilliance of Spelunky that it has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off an uncountable number of times, but I still end up coming back. perhaps it's because I know I was just unlucky, or it was my fault for doing something wrong, or I'm bored and don't want to do that work I really should be doing.I mean, do your research and check whether your wallet in fact has money in it, don't just instantly buy this game because I said so,but seriously consider this game."
,Recommended,239350,7751402,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PurpleMoustache,"Spelunky is the perfect game.I say this because it is so carefully crafted, and so well designed that there seem to be no flaws.The game is absolutely brutal and unforgiving, but every time you die, you know it is YOUR fault. It is YOUR fault you didn't see the Arrow Trap, it is YOUR fault that you angered that shop keeper, it is YOUR fault that you fell on those spikes. And it feels that way because everything in the game plays by the exact same rule set, you just need to learn it by trying.As you play, you become better, more conservative as you play. Drop a rock here to trigger traps, hang off the ledge before you jump to see if the area below is safe, throw pots away from  you, etc, etc.Take all this, throw in random generation, secrets, and daily challenges, and you have a perfect game. And if you aren't sold yet, the old ""non HD"" version is still and will always be free."
76561197988778189,Recommended,239350,7755461,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Necros3000,One of the most challenging greatest games ever
,Recommended,239350,7834729,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Bashama,This is the game to beat! If you think Binding of Isaac was hard..... try Spelunky! Extremely fun and has multiplayer combat!
76561198019013409,Recommended,239350,7835047,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ϟVoltageϟ,"Spelunky is one of the best 2D platformer game I've ever played.  It is definitely worth the money, it is frustrating and more fun with friends."
76561197993207707,Recommended,239350,7836177,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,OMGlenn,"If you want a fast paced action platformer with heavy rogue-like influence, then I highly recommend Spelunky! Sharp controls and clever playmechanics that often break the formula of the platformer genere. Theres so much variety of items and secrets in this game to keep you coming back again, and again, and again...aaaaaaaaand again! (Because you'll die a lot!)"
76561197987447200,Recommended,239350,7836529,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,XTR6000,classic
,Recommended,239350,7544723,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Ralud,Pure randomizedlevelcreationsidescrolling joy.
,Recommended,239350,7837132,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Nebberman,"Great platformer. Hard to beat, impossible to master."
,Recommended,239350,7838273,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DrewFitz,"The very first thing you should know about Spelunky is that this game is infinite.You will never have the same experience twice. This game is meant to be played over and over again until it works its way into the very way you think. You'll start out modestly, barely making it though the first few floors alive. Learning along the way to keep an eye out for falling spiders and untripped arrow traps and spike pits and spitting cobras. You learn to never punch a shopkeeper in the face. You learn that bombs are your best friends.Then you become fluent, making it as far as the Ice Caves with relative ease. You now learn that maybe that shopkeeper's stash is worth stealing. You learn that the dark god Kali's favor is important to your survival. You glimpse the Temple once or twice in your more lucky runs.Spelunky has its hooks deep into you now. You're making complex value propositions, weighing choices about resource usage with the likelyhood of replenishing them. Trading one bomb for a crate with potentially three bombs or ropes or, if you're really lucky, a magnificent jetpack seems worth it, unless it's your last one. Then you may hold onto it for a potential dead-end situation you could get yourself into down the road.  You amass all this knowledge and skill until you finally happen upon the boss of the Temple, a magical golden idol named Olmec.He kills you. He kills you again 30 runs later. He kills you yet again 20 runs after that. Then, 10 runs later he kills you. 5 runs later, you die to him yet again. And so on... Until one fateful time, when the planets all align and your mojo is at its highest, you manage to sink him into the lava, that same lava that's killed you, let's say, 17 times before. You hear the most beautiful chime you've ever heard and slowly, yet excitedly, stroll out the exit door and claim the prize you've been after all this time. You did it. Pride beams from your face. This pride subsides in a short time, and your life returns to normal.However, soon you learn of something more. A place in Spelunky you haven't yet conquered...<insert the first sentence of the review here for dramatic effect>"
,Recommended,239350,7839970,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Broseph Stalin,"Spelunky.. Where to start?Back in the day Spelunky was simple, fast-paced fun without demanding too much dedication.This is still true today. If you want a game you can just pick up, and have a few minutes of challenging (but frustrating) fun, this is the game for you. With a wide variety of items and different levels every time, this game never gets old.The game used to look slightly funky, but with the new HD graphics this game now bridges the world between Indie and Industry, the game looks and feels so good you won't noticed it was programmed by some neckbeard in a basement.I'd recommend that you use a controller, played a few hours with keyboard, but when I switched over to a 360 controller I got much more out of it."
,Recommended,239350,7800998,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Taf79,This will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ and after you make it stop kicking your♥♥♥♥♥ you're gonna kick its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,239350,2074980,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Stormbril,"Everyone who likes games with endless replayability should buy this game! Its essentially a 2D side-scrolling rogue like. You explore the mines as you gather money and items, managing your health/bombs/ropes, and try to make it to the end."
,Recommended,239350,2188196,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Giblets of Jesus,"A gorgeous art style, challenging but rewarding gameplay and a totally unique game ever time you play makes Spelunky one of my favourite games ever made.If you're not convinced about this game, you can play the original version for free on the games website."
76561197990198957,Recommended,239350,7743055,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,What?,Amazing Adventure gameSuper INTENSE!Ridiculously DIFFICULT!MUST HAVE (Only for persistent Players)
,Recommended,239350,7853271,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mutilated Melon,"A fun game with permadeath and rouge-like ""elements"". It is a remake of the original spelunky, which used pixel art. This HD remake did a good job of porting to PC, and gave the game a new feel as well as a little new content. There are a few parts of this game, such as the sound effects which take some getting used to when compared to original spelunky. There is some more story, better menus, and a journal which gives a little information about each item, enemy, and other things that you find. As for spelunky itself, it is a really addicting game, and when one dies they have the urge to quickly play again. It is very unforgiving, and letting up for a moment could kill you. It changes the way you play the game a lot, and I like it. However it can be very frustrating to have your run cut abruptly short by a little snake or spike, and this can become annoying. The game is randomly generated, so the replay value is over the roof in combination with the difficulty that forces you to get better and get farther and farther in the game. Overall I reccomend Spelunky as a fun but unforgiving game. You might want to try out the original before buying the remake, which can be found here:http://spelunkyworld.com/original.html"
76561198086864618,Recommended,239350,7856430,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Chaisie,this is possibly the most fun I've ever had with a game. Truly addictive!
76561198047685851,Recommended,239350,7858671,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,redwolf,"addictive gameplay;  controls well.  you die and have to restart, die a lot.  its challenging"
76561198007057374,Recommended,239350,7860356,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Aftershox,"Like the classic arcade platformers Spelunky wins you over with it's cute visual style, easy to play but tricky to master Nintendo SNES gameplay with Indiana Jones moments."
,Recommended,239350,7927870,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,milambit,"This is as close to perfection as you can get. Brilliant platforming, brilliant environments and pacing. Spelunky is very challenging but most of my deaths have been of my own doing - that's pretty impressive in a game that leaves most work to the random number generator.If you enjoy platforming, I would strongly recommend this beautiful masterpiece."
,Recommended,239350,7933401,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,*** Woo! ***,Great game! Couch-based gampad multiplayer is pretty darn fun. It DOES get annoying that there is team damage so you can end up hurting your friends all the time due to the game mechanics.Buy this game.
,Recommended,239350,7557857,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,NealForreal,"This game has much more depth than it may seem at first glance.  With random generation, and unrelenting difficulty, you'll constantly be hitting x to restart and try to do better than your last run. Great for small bursts of gaming."
,Recommended,239350,7943380,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cock Womble,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to WoW dailies, this is the only daily you need to do!  It's nails. You make one slip and you get unlubed spikes jammed so far up your backside you feel it in your next incarnation. Randomly generated levels mean you never master this game, just die a little less often. You simply learn to look before you leap, not to♥♥♥♥♥♥off shopkeepers and above all, dig like a mother f... as there are q few cheeky little secrets.Happy diggin'!"
,Recommended,239350,7967665,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Steve39,Cracking old school platformer.
,Recommended,239350,7882940,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,ValDekGreen,"Great game! Teaches us maxximum accuracy. For example the stone thrown by you, can bounce from a wall and damage you for third of HP.Великолепная игра! Учит максимальной аккуратности. Напирмер камень, брошенный игроком, запросто может отскочить от стены снеся нашему протеже треть HP."
76561197993367925,Recommended,239350,7969878,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DungeonDuck,"Very fun platformer, despite its difficulty level. Manages to be charming, rewarding, and addictive all at once."
,Recommended,239350,7972936,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Anomander,Good game.
76561198055960709,Not Recommended,239350,21094523,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dullstar,"Very unforgiving to the point of insanity. The only less forgiving titles I know of are the Kaizo Marios.Most games tend to let you live more than five seconds before deciding to kill you.  Most games I've played (yes, including rogue-likes) tend to start out a little slow, you know, to ease you in, let you get used to how the game controls, that sort of thing.  For instance, in FTL, the enemy ships are weaker, and there's a tutorial that explains all of the game's mechanics.  In Risk of Rain, the enemies start out weak, and slowly become more powerful as time goes on.This game, though?  Here's a brief tutorial that tells you what buttons to press in very little detail (you could have figured that out just by going to options and looking at the controls)!  The only real compelling mechanic it introduced was that you can sprint across one tile wide gaps.  If this mechanic is ever used in the actual game, I didn't make it that far before getting too frustrated to continue.  It introduces that the Idol and the damsel are present, and the controls for dealing with them, but it doesn't tell you what the damsel is there for.  Knowing that saving the damsel heals you for one heart (and that it can go over the initial 4 you start with) could potentially be useful, but apparently it's not something the tutorial felt the need to mention.  It just tells you that you could potentially receive a kiss for saving her.The random generation is fairly poor:If you run out of ropes/bombs you CAN and WILL get stuck.  The random generation can generate holes that you can't climb out of on your own, so you'll need either enough ropes to climb back out, or enough bombs to blast your way out.  Otherwise, hopefully there's something in there you can use to kill you.You'll also find yourself faced with leaps (or in this case, falls) of faith - you'll often end up in situations where you can't see where you're going to land.  Did I mention there's fall damage?  This is another thing that the tutorial didn't really think was important enough to mention.  It tries to be too realistic about it too, by stunning you when you hit the bottom, letting the enemies finish you off.  While you can look down, it's slow, and there's a time limit.  Also, since you've probably been running from enemies because your whip is terrible, you are probably not in a position to safely perform said looking down action.The whip sucks. It's very slow (so you'll often get hit by what you're trying to attack), has pathetic reach (so you'll probably get hit by what you're trying to attack), and it can't attack things that are above you for some reason.  No weapons in the game that I am aware of are capable of shooting up, which is a problem because most of your enemies either fly or spawn on the ceiling.  You CAN deal with them Italian plumber style, but that only works well for enemies that die in one hit.  Seriously, the largest single improvement that this game could make would be letting you attack upwards with the whip (and preferably diagnally as well).  Because of this, you're best off just running past the enemies, because attacking them is super risky.Arrow traps are a load of BS.  They spawn as early as the first level, often in great quantity, and, once fired, are almost certainly going to hit whatever triggered them.  You can throw/drop objects in order to trigger them, which will allow you to safely pass, but there are so many of them and they have such large range that it's very easy to miss one, and it will take away half of your life and stun you, leaving you open for enemy attack, which in your stunned state will almost certainly prove fatal.  Oh, and the strategy of disabling them that I mentioned?  Also not mentioned by the tutorial (which does in fact contain an arrow trap in it).  It also requires that you have something to throw at them anyway.  It's possible to have to just tank it (and your character is really bad at tanking, and besides, you can only do that once).Bone piles are usually destructable/pickupable but can be enemeis, and you won't discover this until it's too late, because the enemy will appear and instantly damage you.  This also can happen if you break pots with the whip rather than throw them.  This wouldn't be a big deal if you had health reserves, but you don't.Items are clunky to use, and if you need to set off a trap, rescue a damsel, or collect an idol, you have to put down your tiem.  There are a few guns, which at least have range, but you can't shoot up.If there is a giant spider outside of the shop, preventing you from leaving the shop, you can't kill it without angering the shopkeeper, whose solution to his anger management problems is to murder everybody in existence.  I think you might be able to use the whip in the shop (keyword: might) but you can't shoot up, which could potentially be a problem if that's what direction the shop exit is.  I am not making this up.  This legit happened.  Other reviews I've seen have mentioned that apparently even if you do manage to escape the shopkeeper by going to the next level, which is an impressive feat, he won't forgive you and will continue his murderous rampage next time he sees you.If the shopkeeper is angered in any way by anything (including the randomly generated environment and giant boulders whose trajectory cannot be controlled or contained or influenced in any manner), he will go on the aforementioned murderous rampage, blaming you for the RNG being a jerk.  I'm not certain, but I think he might be capable of one-shotting you.  If he isn't, then he can deal damage fast enough that he might as well be one-shotting you.  He's got a pretty large range and high movement speed in addition.  You probably won't escape.All in all, if you're looking for a good roguelike, I'd suggest playing Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, Faster than Light, or Risk of Rain instead,"
,Recommended,239350,20689886,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bertke,Things Spelunky has:*Hours and hours of gameplay.*Amazing music.*Loads of items.*Fairly low price tag.*Multiplayer.*Tons of enemies.*A giant fish.*Randomly-generated levels.*Tons of caves to explore.Things Spelunky doesn't have:*Mercy.*Lack of fury.
,Recommended,239350,20893718,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Matt,"If you can get past its steep learning curve, you'll find a rich underworld in which patience leads to mastery."
76561198028416690,Recommended,239350,21043910,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,EqualSpores,This game is difficult af and super addicting.
,Recommended,239350,21398818,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Skinzo,"Love it! Took me forever to beat it, but I had to go back to do it without shortcuts, and now I plan to go to hell..."
,Recommended,239350,21393963,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Dr. Dooom,"Med school is arguably less of a challenge than this game.I've been playing this game on and off for the past 3.5 years (mostly on 360/Xbone). It doesn't matter how many hundreds (thousands) of times you die, every game is a new experience and an opportunity to learn something you didn't think of before. You will get as much out of this game as you put into it. It is brutally hard but wryly grins at you with each death, giving you just enough of a nudge to force you to accept that your carelessness did you in.And you are going to make completely preventable mistake after mistake after mistake. And you'll eventually reach a point (in a long line of points) where you start beating yourself up. Because there is no hand-holding here; Spelunky doesn't understand the meaning of the word ""handicap"". Making progress in this game is a victory; winning the game is a celebration of those small victories.You'll get smarter with each run. You'll recognize certain patterns, make a mental note of your personalized gameplan that is going to get you through. You'll be making checkpoints for yourself, measuring your progress. You're going to have sessions where you say, ""I'm almost there; I've figured it out this time"", only to realize that once that plan inevitably fails, you're just as far from victory as the first time you picked up the controller and played this game. It is an absolute beatdown that reminds you how much you suck, in the best way possible."
,Recommended,239350,21397061,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Fortune Fog,"Is It Worth Playing?Hecks to the yeah.Spelunky is a challenging, but never tedious 2D sidescrolling game. The game is simplistic in design but has a ton of tricks up it's sleeve.Pros:-Challenging: This game could be equated to Dark Souls in the amount of times you will die.-Lots of choice: How you play is it up to you. You COULD avoid everything and rush to the exit, or you COULD spend the full time looking for loot.-Pretty Art Design- Even 2 dimensional the game is pretty.-Tight Controls: The controls for this game are tight. All the buttons are responsive, and it almost feels like an old mario game."
,Recommended,239350,21380909,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,aww man!,I have more hours in this than i do in gta V.
,Recommended,239350,21402183,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,NoT,Spelunky is one of the most challenging rogue-likes. Stay away if you get easily frustrated.Once you get a grip of the game mechanics (decent learining curve) it feels quite rewarding though.To me its one of the best rogue-likes you can find on steam so this is an easy reccomendation.
76561198203587925,Recommended,239350,21466811,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SuperDuperTaco,"I finally beat Spelunky. Even after all the insane bad luck I've had... After dying 300+ times, and playing for 23+ hours, I freaking overcame the Angry shopkeepers, Blue frogs, Tiki traps, and most importantly those demonic Bats. All the rage enducing moments, (Like getting knocked off by an arrow out of nowhere into a horde of enemies, and finally into some spikes, followed up by a Crush trap, RIGHT OUTSIDE OLMEC'S LAIR.) I pulled though. I saved a couple of Damsels, beat up some Yetis, y'know, the normal stuff. And though attempting to win, I realize something. I realized that I've become better at this game. And immediately after realization, I die to Bat. And then, I realized something else... Something important. I realized that this game is freaking hard. Holy crap.11/10 Would totally rage again. >:I"
,Recommended,239350,21453794,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Spiritual Atom,10/10 would fall on spikes again
,Recommended,239350,21328024,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,mete0r,"On the top ten list for games that make you throw your controller/keyboard at the wall, then pick it up two minutes later to start another run."
,Recommended,239350,30197616,Posted: 26 February,all,noha,this game makes me want to rip my♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198260780211,Recommended,239350,21560584,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,AmySaturn,"This game makes me happy.Except when it doesn't.Spelunky makes it really difficult to get anywhere...but when you DO, goddess does it feel good. Everything wants you dead and will kill you, so reaching a new area always feels rewarding. And finally beating olmec and then yama is like watching the view from the top of a mountain. The gameplay is perfect. Simple to control, and so much fun to get faster and faster manouvering the landscape.Play this game it's great it'll make you happy and sad because when you have a jetpack and you get thrown into something it's like your heart is being torn apart. (not really it's just a video game but you know what I mean)"
,Recommended,239350,21584693,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pixelmaniacs,"Prepare for one of the hardest and most strategy based roguelike games. After 16 hours (I know that it's not a lot but still) I'm still inable to beat the game. But once you're able to regularly beat the game there are also tons of secrets, wanna go the hard route with more gold or the easy one with less? There is a good variety of items which have a small effect with a lot of impact, also the choice between an item and bombs is sometimes really hard, both are really important, without bombs you'll have a hard time getting through the enemies (bombs help avoiding and killing them) but items will save you a lot of health and will often help you with the later levels. Also, if you purchase anything in the early levels it'll be hard or even impossible to go through the hard route, however, the items will cost more the further you progress.Overall it's a terrifyingly hard game, but even so a great timekiller. Has tons of replayability value and is definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,239350,21477088,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,theodd1sout [very real],Best Groundhog Day sequel ever.
76561198070046462,Recommended,239350,21545405,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Delet,"Spelunky might be one of my favourite games so far.First of all, the game is a rogue-like platformer which requires a lot of skill, and a bit of luck.You are going to die a bunch, more than you think. It looks easy at first, but once you get into it, you will realize this game is quite hard, and it WILL make you rage.This game got a lot of content, and you will most likely replay it after you've finished it once (It took me almost 40 hours playtime to finish this game 100%, excluding a few achievements).If you love games like Super Meat Boy and Rogue Legacy, this game deserves a spot in your library!9/10, I need Spelunky 2!"
,Recommended,239350,21591319,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,maDEMOman,Trust me when i say this.YOUWILLDIE.ALOT.
,Recommended,239350,21596813,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,RoverZ1220,"One of my favorite-games-of-all-time (Granted, I played it much more on the PS3.). I couldn't imagine attempting to play this game on a keyboard, but then again, I'm the guy that plays Super Meat Boy on keyboard. Spelunky is a brutally difficult roguelike that challenges even veterans to the genre. There will be deaths, and there WILL be rage. On many occasions, I found myself wanting to tear my hair out or even tear my controller in half, but despite all that, I keep coming back for more pain......and more Spelunky!"
76561198015630716,Recommended,239350,21609012,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,👻SpookCD👻,Great game
,Recommended,239350,11077661,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,kevwil,Painfully unforgiving but awesome local co-op. No serious flaws but you have to be very careful. Permadeath! Did I say this game is unforgiving! And permadeath.Good luck!
,Recommended,239350,11078761,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mr Doctor,"Very fun, though if you want to play with friends, bring some controllers that plug into USB ports, as this game is local mutliplayer only."
76561198138732654,Recommended,239350,11173698,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,hattyman343,its cool
,Recommended,239350,11176891,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Aumnsiel,"the most valuable lesson that this game taught me is that all frogs are rapists, no matter what their color, and are not to be trusted."
,Recommended,239350,10957757,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,goDW_,"This game is amazing fun, can easily be played for hours at a time."
,Recommended,239350,10983175,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Turnip,I didn't expect to like this as much as I did. It's a really polished platformer with perma-death and arcade-like gameplay.10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,239350,11052095,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Master Zet,"Best 2D platformer I've played, incredibly addictive for hardcore players that thrive for difficult games. Incredibly punishing on mistakes and make sure you don't anger the shopkeeper."
,Recommended,239350,11068849,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ZaKadaK,"Spleunky looks like a cutesy, fun, lil' guy platformer. And that couldn't be farther from the truth. Spleunky is hard, unforgiving, and one of the more difficult games I've had the pleasure of playing. No saving your game, no gaining lasting effects or items, each new game is like playing for the first time. If you are up to the challenge have at it. But if you're hoping for hand-holding you're gonna have a bad time. 7/10"
,Recommended,239350,10627357,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ångstrom,"Spelunky is a fantastic game. It may seem very simple and unforgiving at first, but this game truly is a test of your skills, hand-eye coordination and memory. If you die in Spelunky, odds are it's your fault.  There is emergent gameplay situations happening all the time and more than a few ways to go about any playthrough. The super tight controls make this game what it is, use a Xbox 360 controller!  Obviously, the procedural level design makes the replayibility very high.  There can be some moments where the game is not 100% fair, for example a shopkeeper might be set off when you're still at the start of a level, but even that challenge is not insurmountable and that really happens very rarely. The Daily Challenges are a fun feature and a good way to test your ability against other people.  The only drawback I can think of is that co-op is local only but that's not that bad at all.  Stop reading this and go play Spelunky!"
29103423782348230,Recommended,239350,10629767,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ุ,Death happens a lot. Still fun though.
,Recommended,239350,10257361,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dapie,This is an overall great game that puts a fun twist in dying. I love it and am still trying to do some of the harder things.
76561198005215613,Not Recommended,239350,10698677,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[TK],"This is a great game to waste efforts. If you have 40 hours to spare getting better in a slightly fun but extremely hard platform game, this might have some value for you.Nothing evolves in the game besides your own skill. You can waste your time getting money and itens, and that can make you go a little deeper in the dungeons. But mostly, you gonna die, restart with nothing, and the only value you will get from that run is how to avoid dying that way. It seems there is a lot to learn, but you'll get little knowledge for the time invested in each run.It's similar to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mario or 1001 Spikes, but random. It will only be a good experience if you take some infinite joy from retries.If you're looking for something lighter and with a much better sense of accomplishment and evolution, try Rogue Legacy."
76561198040599913,Recommended,239350,10699081,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dicktator David,"This game is probably one of the most addicting games you will ever play, and incredibly fun to play as well."
76561198095218733,Recommended,239350,10700599,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dryyab,"If you never tried Ragequitting, well it's a good one to start on"
,Recommended,239350,10700978,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SpongeRobert,"Are you ready to spend hours on a ""short and fast little game"" you will spend lifetimes perfecting this and when you battle friends their bomb always win. Great game for introverts."
,Recommended,239350,10701398,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Louis,Bwaaaa bwaa bwaa bwaabwaaaa.
,Recommended,239350,10701440,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,maninjapan,"Love this game. So simple, yet such a massive time waster as you try to scrounge the minerals in a given time. Should you save the lady or sacrifice her?"
,Recommended,239350,10702758,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[LoL]Pendorax,fun
,Recommended,239350,10702786,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,still0r,"Great platforming action, with extremely tight controls.Sometimes the frustration levels can be very high, but the random generated levels keeps the variation going and prevents the game from feeling grindy."
76561198074034964,Recommended,239350,23467995,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,A Duckling,Gud
,Recommended,239350,22961339,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Doggo,I swear i'll make it past level 2-2 soon...
,Recommended,239350,22926870,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,blargh!,"Spelunky is awesome!!!!! I think one of the things I like most about this game is the interactivity between all the elements in the game, truly creating some unique situations.Plus you can destroy the King of Hell and then die to a bat bite."
,Recommended,239350,22921890,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Scrumf,"Fantastic, yet challenging, for better or worse. Tight controls, incrediblly well made randomly generated levels, and addictive gameplay. Highly recommend, but probably only to people who enjoy platformers and/or will happily take on the challenge.9/10"
,Recommended,239350,22747217,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"Don't let the cutsey asthetic fool you-- this game is brutal. Mechanics couldyou cleaned up, they seem a little unresponsive."
76561197978644209,Recommended,239350,797556,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,twe KofteSkimo,Awesomely awesome game !
,Recommended,239350,17342029,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Sanima,"Well, having just gotten every single flippity boopity bappity ♥♥♥♥ing achievement, I can say, ♥♥♥♥ this game. It's addicting and fun and the achievements are insanely hard but fair and I hate that they are fair. It made me feel morally obliged to get them all and screw that. (Looking at you speedlunky, big money and low scorer) But, after finally doing all of it (and its my only perfected game btw) I feel like I actually did something with my life and I can die happy. 7.8/10 too many good runs ruined by complete bs."
,Recommended,239350,22755054,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BadJoke,I just only played it a couple of games and this is my experience so far I didnt shoot the shopkeeper. 11/10
76561198027265213,Recommended,239350,3778464,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Babbleplay,"This one is HARRRRRRD. I am not kidding. this game is frustratingly, controller-snappingly difficult, but damned well made and addictive. Worth a try if you actually enjoy a serious challenge."
76561198073299979,Recommended,239350,22720107,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kawales,"Played deathmatch with friends,no longer have friends."
76561198127478210,Recommended,239350,22685750,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,"Leoric, Philosopher Prince",Classic
,Recommended,239350,22623308,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheIllusiveGreg,I'm not sure why so many people think Dark Souls is the hardest game of all time when this game exists.
,Recommended,239350,582492,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Mr_Stompy,"You will die often, and in terrible ways. But each time you start over you will do a little better. Unless you don't. Like you know, if a boulder smashes your brains, or your brains become macerated by a giant spider, or an angry shop keeper shoots your brains, or spikes impale your brains, or a vengful spirit drives your brains insane... where was I going with this? Oh well, my brains like this game. It's insanely difficult, each time you die you have to start over and there is no progression other than your own skills improving. You are able to unlock short cuts to deeper levels so that you don't have to start at the beginning each time, but you can expect to spend a few hours grinding the first few levels until you learn better how to avoid death.But death will come. And often. To your brains, and other things you value (like your puppies and princesses) but let not your heart-brain be troubled, for this game is full of spelunky goodness."
76561198180882331,Recommended,239350,22990420,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,You're Face is a Moron,"Even though it's so hard, it feels so rewarding even when you make it out of the mines. Yeah."
,Recommended,239350,7801158,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mat -aka- Jelly Mage,"This game is amazing. So many hours you will waste trying to get further and further.At the start 2 levels and you will probably die. So bad you are. But as you ""git gud"" and improve your skills, you will get further and further. Oh is that a new world? Oh? secrets?This game is addictive, masochistic. You die horribly every time you play, but you want more. It is so fun.Get it."
,Recommended,239350,7802194,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fallen -S-,"This is a pretty amazing game. I would now call myself about average the game. This game always has me dying, but it also always has me coming back for more. I would highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,239350,7803680,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,keenest,Spelunky is my favourite game of the last half of 2013. It's pick and quick play nature means you can always play just a few games in between other tasks. Highly recommended.
76561198100380676,Recommended,239350,7803824,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,bombe32,"This game is so addicitve! When I played through the tutorial I thought it was going to be easy enough to get through each level safely, but after you die 20 times in just the first 3-4 levels you'll recognize the difficulty of the seemingly easy levels. This is not a bad thing, and it's what keeps you coming back for more crazy deaths in this game - and it's what makes the game so amazing that the first time you beat it you'll scream of joy, fist pump and make your neighbours aware of your accomplishment!"
76561198053564646,Recommended,239350,7804147,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Privdawg,"Amazingly addictive, every time you play its different and even after almost 30 hours its still fun and interesting to play!"
76561197976775950,Recommended,239350,13311363,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,GhostNappa,Best death simulator i've ever played.Randomized dungeons keeps it fresh.
,Recommended,239350,14787870,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,gdogwoof,"Brought a random lady to the end of a cave, then accidentally threw her on spikes.10/10"
76561198161109338,Recommended,239350,14710357,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DogOnWheelz,Very good addictive game. Have played over 2000 runs and still going :P
,Recommended,239350,14660585,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,om8_8mo,"You're on top a of a tree. There is a treasure on your left, behind some rocks. You drop a bomb to blow the rocks up. The bomb falls through the leaves down to the feet of the tree. The tree explodes. You fall on spikes that were near the tree.PRESS X FOR QUICK RESTART.GG"
,Recommended,239350,438688,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Grofist,Pure Frustration!
,Recommended,239350,14779798,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,artofmana,"I can't even tell you how much I like this game. It's just wonderfully well done and tough as nails. I consider myself an expert gamer and I hesitate to admit that at the time of writing this review, I still haven't beaten this game. I've discovered tons of secrets and I've gotten incredibly close, but I just haven't managed to complete it. Still, I keep coming back.If you don't know, Spelunky generates each level as you go which means that each playthrough is different. I have experienced a couple deaths where I felt it was unfair for the game to spawn me in the way it did but out of the hundreds (probably more at this point!) of deaths I've experienced exploring the caves, I always feel it is my own mistakes and lack of caution that lead to my demise. This is a game I fire up every few days or so for a run and leave it at that. I discovered that if I die too many times, I begin to want to rush through and then make dumber and dumber mistakes.Anyway, if you want a challenging action platformer with heavy emphasis on exploration, look no further than Spelunky. It's gratifying in every way and has beatiful artwork and music. I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,239350,14162702,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nick Greaves,"You can give up right now and you can live however you like, or you can buy Spelunky and die forever."
,Recommended,239350,14177029,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Devoured By Vegans,Spelunky is a hateful randomly generated murder machine that will butcher you relentlessly and without mercy because you are a reckless idiot. It also happens to be one of the greatest platform games I have ever played.10/10
70141249038017816,Recommended,239350,14334487,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ATastyPBandJ,I've played 2 hours of this game and have already worn out my emotions.10/10
,Recommended,239350,14311379,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,bendezium2003,"Before we begin this review, I must stress that I am an alumni of the pre-HD Spelunky and really good at that one.Well now. HD Spelunky is definitely very polished and has very tight gameplay, with good sound cues and plenty of small details that make the experience meaningful.However, I must admit that in some ways, I prefer the slightly rougher control and physics from pre-HD Spelunky and it shows painfully in the way I flub the occasional jump or accidentally selfdestruct from a misthrown bomb.Nevertheless I will admit the HD Spelunky has more to offer than the original and you should really give this a go unless you're a filthy casual."
76561198038224551,Recommended,239350,13627357,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Carrot King,"I originally bought this game only because a friend wouldn't shut up about it. Finally at his house I played it and I was hooked. Mindless hours of fun just running around getting killed by stupid bats. I can kill or avoid everything else, but just not those damn bats."
,Recommended,239350,13627928,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baphomet,Really solid remake with random generated levels to keep things interesting. Nothing to complain about with this one.
76561198044076294,Recommended,239350,13505330,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Remspoor,A very addictive platformer
76561197977096943,Recommended,239350,13506090,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,nickhead (2v1 Podcast),"Contains multiple instances of deicide, robbery, and blood sacrifices.And aliens.10/10"
,Recommended,239350,13476295,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,m0s,"Rogue-like platformer with insane difficulty, but like every good game, keeps you going back and back to suffer in Hell."
,Recommended,239350,13457636,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Surreily,"Spelunky is one of the most rewarding games I've ever played - I just recently beat the game's true final boss for the first time and it felt so good after hundreds of failed attempts! It's hard at first, but it's one of those games where you must learn how every enemy, item, and trap works to survive all the way to the end - and even then, the game might find a way to end your run with something surprising and unexpected!"
76561198154216478,Recommended,239350,13501666,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JasonKaff14,"I got introduced to this game from NerdCubed.  He said that he plays this game daily. Join the club. I adore this game and wish I could play it all the time, every day.  Though it does get frustrating a lot, it still is incredibly fun to play and watch."
,Recommended,239350,7389929,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Hentron,10/10. Best video game I'v ever played.
,Recommended,239350,11552116,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,NerdyBrit,"Stupid, controller throwinly frustrating and highy addictive!Spelunky is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy it now"
76561198061390687,Recommended,239350,11782073,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MRDRK1,"Cartoony fun and violence, randomly generated dungeons, and potential co-op or vs game ability.  A casual 'laugh-as-you-die' game to play whenever you have some free time."
,Recommended,239350,11857481,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,~b,over 100 hours in and I still haven't seen hell. pray for me. or don't.
,Recommended,239350,11850509,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,2bitsolutions,Very fun game to play and took me a long time to get good enough that I was able to beat the game and gain many of the achievements. I highly recommend this game to people who love old school platform style games.
,Recommended,239350,11749086,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Pet Food,"Probably one of the most frustratingly difficult games to master, Spelunky offers a constant challenge and an ever changing set of expectations. While I mostly stick to the randomly generated daily challenges, there's a lot of fun to be had with this game. Maybe this review will add a floor or two to your run, but even after 6+ months I haven't completed the basic run, let alone the hell runs.Long story short: It's fun, it's hard, it's always changing."
76561198103046019,Recommended,239350,11680905,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,steelshield1,"After playing spelunky for while I ask myself do I recommend it to others? Well, that depends on the interest and players choice ultimately. ""Would I recommend this game to myself again if i was to purchase it for myself. Sadly th eanswer is NO!! Why?.....you ask. Simply put as a sidescroller in the 2000's it isn't enough. This type of game is a cake walk to develope versus the big budget 3D games produced now and produced some 10 years ago.Spelunky is solid in it's formula as a roguish/action platformer of yesteryears like pitfall, castlevania, matroid, etc, but fails to deliver the punch that a well balanced game delivers. and that is...........variety and variation. Teh levels all look the same, the sound is all the same and the enemies vary very little. Teh objective is the same for every level and the only difference, and even the stnadards by which you operate and play to the objective doesn't vary.So in a nutshell any gameplaying that a pl;ayer is acting out is the ""same old same old"",. This is redundancy at it's best and yes it is hard or difficult and that is because of the lackluster controls of your character.""So wha is the point to playing this game and all th edecent reviews you might ask?"" Well I'm sure some pppl like 'same old same old', and find it a delight to endeavour into games where by which tedious repetitive actions are the bright spot in their day simply because it calms thier hectic real life cycle.I am not one of those types and even though I will get a lil satisfaction from this game now and then I certainly willl tell DEV's to stop making these half-hearted efforts and purt some juice into thier next developments for pity sake! ""There is no excuse for this type of meek gaming in 2008 and beyond. ""IT IS 2014 AND WE DESERVE BETTER!!"" Put some effort into your pixelated processes...PLEASE!!!!I only recommend this game @ bargin bin pricing of $3.99 and below."
,Recommended,239350,11684963,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Spubeard,Good Game.
76561198042011684,Recommended,239350,11669822,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Strong Donger,Can't tell if this game is the hardest thing I've ever played in my life or if I suck at video games.
,Recommended,239350,10976751,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,itsDVarin,"This is a hard game to be good at. The winning characteristic is that its damned fun trying to get good.Personally I think the game needs more substance, more choices and more content in general, but then you always think that about a game you like! You always want more...I'm still relatively new to Rogue-like and it can be so frustrating to make a mistake that costs you the whole game, but it really does give a sense of desperation and urgency as you progress deeper! Its awesome."
,Recommended,239350,10980021,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Palace,"My quest to find the perfect game ended with the wonder that is Spelunky.Spelunky is all that matters in this disgusting world. I have shut out all distractions; friends, family and my girlfriend, just to play Spelunky. I stayed up until 6:00 AM last night playing it. I had a dream about it, and I awoke only to stumble my way back in front of my computer to play more Spelunky. I have more hours on Spelunky than Steam says I do, because I own another copy onGOG.comand I was playing that for a long time before purchasing it on here to get the new hidden damsel and the Pro HUD.Spelunky is worth buying more than once. Please, throw your money at Spelunky so we may one day have another sequel."
,Recommended,239350,10980737,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,loco motives,"If you take most of the popular trends in Indie Gaming over the last few years and combine them into a well polished and fun package, you get Spelunky.A 2D Platformer, it has:- Rogue-like difficulty and permadeath- Rudimentary character progression- Procedural level generation- Tight controls- ModdabilityPassing a level will only take you about 2 minutes if you're a completionist, with about 5 levels per stage and 4 or 5 stages, so you can theoretically finish this game in under an hour. But the chance of that happening is slim to none. This is because you will drop a bomb under your own feet and die. Then you will respawn, jump off your platform onto spikes, and die. You'll respawn again, get through a few levels, but then get hit by an arrow trap and die. A few deaths later and you'll finally manage to survive long enough to make it to the second stage. Things are looking up, until you♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bunch of hornets and they kill you. This goes on for the entire game.And that's just the normal campaign -- there are daily challenges and multiplayer as well. For such a small package, this game has a ton of content to keep you busy.All in all, it is one of the best games I've ever played. It is difficult - you will find yourself screaming at your computer while playing it, but you'll be having a good time even still. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,239350,10948828,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,l.hiver,EZ GAME
,Recommended,239350,12856545,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[BRO] o19,"At first I hated it because of how ""unfair"" it was.  I slowly adapted my play style and now I love it.  The ruthlessness of this game reminds me a lot of Faster Than Light or older Megaman titles.  The randomly generated levels and extreme difficulty leave plenty of replay value."
76561198016735960,Recommended,239350,24903517,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dworvin,This game is very punishing though it does it right.Everyone I play this game with instantly loves it.Down side is you cannot unlock characters and levels without playing in single player soyou might want to invest some time mastering the game alone and unlocking characters if you want your friends to have range tochoose from.
,Recommended,239350,24902527,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hawk_knight,"Gameplay, graphics and fun short game is great! Recommend this for everyone.Oh, don't forget to buy a shotgun for killing spree!!"
,Recommended,239350,25055204,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MaxGlevy,I have played over 140 hours of this game. it is by far my favorite steam game.It is a permadeath game so it is new each time. The game looks simple but is extremely complex. One of my favorite games.
76561198063160229,Recommended,239350,11161406,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,marSHALL,cool but sucks8/10
,Recommended,239350,21035604,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Brandovenom,"Its like the programers didn't want you to have fun. Its way to hard and the controls are dumb. Some of the traps are just garbage like the stupid Tiki things who get the cheapest kills. Its fun but also not fun to play. A game should never make you say ""FINALLY THE DUMB EXIT"" instead of ""Yay! I got to the exit"". Its fun but terribly enraging."
76561198060932044,Recommended,239350,24965729,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,RussianKnight,spelunky is a game about one mans journey to become the king of the pirates and his pirate ship is made compeltely out of sharks thats what playing battle block theatre is like so to be honest i rate one piece 0/5 put in sherk
,Recommended,239350,23019519,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ilchOoZETBG,"Spelunky, my favorite game this game is soo cool the phisics are awelsome the graphiks are good this has potential I want a movie of this game it will be great !!!"
,Recommended,239350,24242764,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zozerozos,"I love this game. Definetely my favorite Rouge-like of all time.This game is ridiculously hard, sometimes being just downright unfair.It takes ages to actually get any good at it, you will die a LOT.I've died more in this game than any other, but I still for some reason find it a ton of fun.It's very rewarding, after busting your butt for hours and finally getting to a new area, you feel a sense of accomplishment.Then you die and start over.More hours pass, and you reach the next area.You die again.More hours pass, and you finally reach the final boss only to die again.You reach it again, and you win!Then you realize there's a secret area and ""real"" final boss.You end up giving up due to how difficult it is.But you had fun anyway!"
76561198251774810,Recommended,239350,30822864,Posted: 29 March,all,Pachabacha,"This game is absolutely fantastic.  It handles beautifly and tight and just feels great to play.  It can be extremely frustrating at first but as you play more, you progressively gets better.  It is one of the hardest games I've played but I have grown to love it and I can never have too much Spelunky.  It always brings something new to the table becuase every level is randomly generated.  I've played this game for so long and I still can't get enough of it.  This is definitely a game I recommend."
,Recommended,239350,24302273,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,innerdrum,"As you may know, Spelunky is a 2D rogue-like platformer with very tight controls. And man, do i mean tight!I think i never died so much and in different ways in a game, it can get very frustrating if it weren't for the fact that the game is so well polished.I haven't played the classic browser version, but this release is pure gold. I have to say, Derek Yu it's a genius for delivering this title.According to steam, it took me 25 hours to ""finish"" this game, but i will leave it on my hdd 'cause surely i'll be returning to play some daily runs, who knows? i even may try to go to hell, as some people says you can do in this title.I can't recommend this game enough, you guys just play it if you have the chance.9/10"
,Recommended,239350,8661343,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Derpy,Really fun fast paced game that is a challange.
76561198207241903,Recommended,239350,24028012,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ninico,"Spelunky is a Adventure Game were you explore randomly generated caves that extend far beneath the surface of the earth. While you search for treasure, you'll also encounter several different areas in the depths of the cave, such as an abandonned mine shaft, a subterranean jungle, an alien infested ice cavern, amongst others. The goal of the game is to reach the bottom of the cave you entered and claim the ultimate treasure, but that is easier said than done. You only have four hit points to begin with, and most enemies do more than one hit point, and some traps can one-shot you. And, if you die at any point in the game, you have to start all over. They're ways around this, like buying special items like shotguns and jetpacks to help you avoid danger, or you can build special shortcuts using specific items. If you were planning to buy Spelunky just for single player, I would recommend it, but prepare to have your patience tested.Spelunky also features two competetive modes: The Daily Challange and Arena Mode. In the Daily Challenge, you get one shot to get as far down in the cave and collect as much treasure as you can before you die. When you die, you have to wait another day to try again. In Arena Mode, you fight against your friends in a, you guessed it, Arena-isk scenario. Both of these modes are a lot of fun and worth chenking out if you had beaten to game before hand."
,Recommended,239350,24434425,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,den,"Introduction:Very hard game, don't buy if you dont enjoy dieing and starting over.Game pad recommended, as I find it extra difficult with keyboard control.recommended to fans of:* the binding of izzac* pixel dungeon** ppl who don't punch their screen when they die (I fell bad for the screen, not their cheque books)...pros:* fun sprite based platform game* difficult but amusing/total (predictable) randomness (endless replayability)* steam cards/achievments* cheap price (onsale)* multiplayer (untested)cons:* control can be difficult with a keyboard, I'm sure you can tune it to your likingsummary:I laugh every time I die, funny the many ways to die in the world of spelunky :)Have not finished this game once at the time of writing this review.edit:review will change as I play more..."
,Recommended,239350,8946808,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Wildow the Walrus,"Ever wondered how many ways a cave could kill you?Turns out, quite a few different ways exist.10/10 would jetpack shotgun again."
76561198020466490,Recommended,239350,8476757,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,mohikanin,Let's mine
76561198122028979,Recommended,239350,24326483,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,deadbear,"really good game if you think this game will be easy, well HA nope really hard still every time I die I love this game even more. I got good from practice learn all the moves of an enemy and learn about the physics in-game just remember this is SO HARD practice makes perferct"
76561198006028857,Recommended,239350,24436195,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sir Reginald von Bartleby III,"I have read some reviews that say the game is extremely difficult, but fair. The first part is true, it can be extremely difficult. The latter part is a lie, it's not at all fair. Probably 1/4 of the times you die will be things you have no control over. Examples, you say? All of these are things that have happened to me while playing:1. You find the exit to the level only to discover it is completely enclosed. You need a bomb to get in, but you're out of bombs.2. A spider is hanging on the ceiling but you can't see it because your ""score"" card covers it up, so it drops on your head.3. The exit is below you and the drop is far enough for you to take damage. You don't have a cape, parachute, jet pack, or rope (God help you if you get to the ice level without these items and/or a compass).4. An explosive frog not even on screen gets hit by a Tiki spike trap, explodes in a shop, and that sets of all shopkeepers to immediately attack you.5. A spitting cobra spits on a shop keeper.And so on...the game is *really* stacked against you. Luck plays a big part. If you don't get certain items, the game becomes a LOT more difficult. That having been said, it's extremely fun and addictive. I just wish it were a little more ""fair""."
76561198071696971,Recommended,239350,24450360,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Skoot,"no matter what you do to to avoid everything, you will die somehow10/10 would fall into lava pits after beatingking yama"
,Recommended,239350,2761872,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,PulseLane,"Do you like platformers and random generation? Whether your answer is yes or no, after playing this game you will enjoy that combination more than any other combo. This game does absolutely everything right. Every. Single. Thing. Right. There is absolutely no excuse not to pick this game up; it's a fantastic experience that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥until you learn how to avoid all obstacles and even then you will struggle. The amount of secrets and replayability in this game is absolutely insane. You are robbing yourself of one of your greatest gaming experiences if you do not pick this up. Just do it."
,Recommended,239350,10841149,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Yazaa,Kill your friends and then don't let their ghost kill you. It's the whole game in a nutshell
,Recommended,239350,10841978,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,A1fuSter,"Walked into a cave, jumped and got shot by an arrow trap. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,10842067,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RT | Poco!,"Top 10 games, hands down. Extremely difficult, but it's a learning experience, not unlike Dark Souls. Full of secrets, every run is hilariously fun, I can't recommend it enough."
76561197988110896,Recommended,239350,10842856,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nautilus T Party,"Great game to play for a few hours, or when you have a few minutes.You will die a lot but will be satisfied if you stick with it and get further and further.Multiplayer is mayhem will probably resulting in shouting and fights (In a good way).Great game, lots of replayability, great soundtrack. Also pugs. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,10845402,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Uplink,"Reminiscent of classic platform gaming, Spelunkey will take you deep down into the molten depths of satisfaction.  It's a marvelous game filled with random generating levels, challenging platform gameplay and hilarious co-op multiplayer.  I highly recommend this game for anyone who is tried of story driven games or bored of games that hold your hand while diving down.Prepare yourself for the Shopkeeper."
76561198066196030,Recommended,239350,10577187,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PegLeggi,"20 minutes to play 20 hours to grasp the basic concepts.  Fun to play when your bored, and impossible to master.Great game.  The jetpack is key."
76561198051890021,Recommended,239350,10579084,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Han Sola,Addictive as can be.
,Recommended,239350,1891714,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,ADELBERT BIGPOPPA,"This game is ridiculously fun. It's a mixture between a roguelike and a platformer with goofy visuals and mechanics that are easy to learn but difficult to master.I've died tons of times in Spelunky, but I've never felt overtly frustrated, and it was easy to just jump back in for just one more go. This massive amount of replayability alone makes Spelunky easily worth the cash."
76561198049808870,Recommended,239350,12758094,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Meow Zedong,"This is the most unforgiving game I've ever played. Any avid Spelunker will tell you that once you get good enough, you'll know that every death is your fault. While this is 99% true, there will be times when an orange frog sets off a shopkeeper and then bam! you're fighting shopkeepers on every floor. This game is a rogue-like filled with a ton of secrets and two different endings for different skill levels. If you can get all the achievements on this game I commend you. Be prepared to play patiently, making every action deliberate with thought put into it. That's not to say you can play slowly, as the ghost will be bearing down on you if you move too slow. On a good run, your heart will be pounding through your chest as you make your way past Anubis (being mindful not to use his rod to accidentally melt your own brains) down to Olmec-- and if you're good enough through Hell to Yama. I recommend this game for those who are prepared to die, a lot. The only way to win is to get better. Good luck!"
,Recommended,239350,12764240,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,theMagnumDragon,Difficult game that doesn't feel like it is unjustified in the punishing deaths you will receive
76561198151059962,Recommended,239350,30629675,Posted: 19 March,all,Noob Noob,okay so i cant say i dont reccommend this seeing as im too♥♥♥♥♥♥to get past the first segment of the game but...am i the only one who spends all of their time trying to get the shotgun by killing the shopkeeper?
76561198084491419,Recommended,239350,19328031,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Keaa San,"Awesome game. Challenging and rewarding, very fun."
76561198069307404,Recommended,239350,19283794,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DingleFluff,Become Indianna Jones! If Indianna Jones died painfully in a million different ways and was just generally terrible at his job.
76561197980315538,Recommended,239350,19262482,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gut the jap USMC,"My absolute favorite game of all time. with all the times that i played, every run is truly a new experience. ive only beaten this game a  handful of times, and have yet to beat it the hard way (going through hell). this is a game where you have to traverse trap-ridden caves filled with dangerous creatures very carefully, but also IN A FREAKIN HURRY. each level when the clock hits 2:30 a ghost starts to chase you. *BUT* the ghost is very slow, and every gem the ghost touches while chasing you turns to diamond. a skilled player can juke the ghost and collect the diamonds it leaves behind (ghost running). you have to think fast and butget your items, and sometimes ""juggle"" multiple items you can only carry one of to the end of the level. every mistake made is a learning experience. in order to get better, you have to start thinking like a marine. no more ""THATS NOT FAIR"" BS. this game is extremely difficult and randomized but not so randomized that it ruins the game. if you were hypothetically ""perfect"" at the game, you could win every single time.if this doesnt sound appealing to you, then i don't recommend this game. this game is definitely not for everyone. but if this does interest you, get it. at 15$, the cost vs. replay value is insanely worth it."
,Recommended,239350,19389105,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pudding Consumer,> Snake goes into shop> Tries to kill snake> Get called a terrorist by the shopkeeper> Get shot by the shopkeeperThis game decieves you. It looks easy. ITS NOT.
76561198026724426,Recommended,239350,19397107,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,I've truly enjoyed playing this game. its a fun arcade style rogue running game with great elements and challenges. i would absolutely say it was worth the money to buy it i have almost 30 gameplay hours and its still not boring. my one and only complant is that there isnt a steam workshop. i think the game would be even better if it gave you the option to create or play special maps made by other players. it would add a great community aspect and really givve you something to do once youve completed the game.
,Recommended,239350,13222059,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,rap ツ,Blake is a nerd
76561198052834947,Recommended,239350,7517227,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Barkahol,"This is a pretty fun game, but if you get it prepare to be challenged."
,Recommended,239350,19447253,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Shnox,"I used to be a big fan of Spelunky.Put many, many hours into the original.When I heard that Spelunky was coming to console I got filled with excitement. After that I sort of just lost interest.So I found Spelunky on Steam... Yes...Bought the game, Installed, Played and it didn't feel quite right.-Things I liked--New graphics-New Items-Level design-Harder levels-The changing damsels option-The competitive gamemodes-More enemiesAnd all the little bits from the original!-Things I didn't like--The new musicI think the old music should've been remastered and put in.The new music just doesn't fit in.-New characters (meh)-Look of the Menu-Controls feel clunkyIdk why but I cant get them to feel right.This game is very nice otherwise, maybe a bit too expensive but it's a good game!I suggest buying on sale! :)Also I think the original should come to steam as a free to play.That'd be amazing!<3"
,Recommended,239350,19159,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Cohrek,Very fun and difficult.
,Recommended,239350,19560170,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,$auceB0$$,"If you're bored, or if you're inspired by speedrunners but you know you cant do that good, Get Spelunky. It's challenging, yes, but, everyones a speedrunner almost, there are so many tricks and techniques. There's one thing about this game: The game sucks if you play it NORMALLY. It begins fun, trying to beat the game, but, If you dont harm shopkeepers (Which is my favourite part) or anything like that, the game gets a little old.. You need to do a bit more than the point of the game. Now I'm not saying you cant play the name normally, I'm saying, It probably will get old, but thats my opinion, I recommend Spelunky alot, get it, you'll never be bored, or atleast rarely."
76561198042492152,Recommended,239350,8320715,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,irhodani,"I have over 500 hours logged on this game. It is as frustrating as it is fun, laugh at your random deaths and persist. I even got ""speedlunky"", beating the game in under 8 minutes.This simplistic game, goes down as one of my all time favorites, with randomly generated levels, it is a different game each time. You can not memorize levels, making it fun and challenging.Get this game on sale, and play at least once if not more than once a day.Practice makes perfect."
76561198069430662,Recommended,239350,19684463,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Big Money 420,"Living nightmare, with catchy music.DEW DEW DEW DEW DEWW DEWW, DEWDADEW DA DEW DEW DEW DEW."
76561198040751213,Recommended,239350,32997733,Posted: 29 June,all,Arch Osis,super mario-terraria  ...   I'm all in   10/10
76561198004001370,Recommended,239350,33072346,Posted: 1 July,all,Gunbuddy,Spelunky is an example of a great platformer with responsive controls and skill-based gameplay. However it would be monumentously more popular if it had online multiplayer instead of just local.
76561198180672682,Recommended,239350,33059200,Posted: 30 June,all,Sebx80,"This game is so addicting, but its HARD."
,Recommended,239350,3069892,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Keithster™,challenging game but very fun and addictive - expect to die often :)
,Recommended,239350,33035546,Posted: 30 June,all,madskas,"There are so many ways I could praise Spelunky - the mechanics, the art, the level design, the controls - but the highest I can think of is this: After thousands of games I'm still excited to start a new run. It still feels like setting out on an adventure, a journey filled with discoveries, challenges and thrills."
76561198203208362,Recommended,239350,33011290,Posted: 29 June,all,Beowolf,"Ridiculously fun, addicitng and frsustrating! The perfect potion!"
76561198072372615,Recommended,239350,32988920,Posted: 29 June,all,djentleman,"I love roguelikes because they are easy to pickup and doesn't require a lot of time commitment to be enjoyed to their fullest. That being said, spelunky is the perfect roguelike. Because it doesn't have any sense of charecter progression. You can unlock some charecter skin type of things through playing but those are cosmetics only.The gameplay is amazing. Gameplay is basically 2D action platfroming. There is huge emphasis on exploring to as the game wants to collect gems or treasures so that you can buy items that will help you progress. You will die a lot and the game will be challenging. But you will improve gradually as a player so you can progress a bit further than your last time. Repeat this for a about a thousand times and then maybe you can beat this game.There is a way jump forward into a level that you managed to go before. You don't have to start the game from the beginning everytime. Its just there for those who have very little patience.I couldn't play the co-op though as I don't have any friends to play with.So I can't comment anything on that. But the singleplayer alone will be worth your money.You really should buy this. I whole heartedly recommend this.9/10"
76561198339803474,Recommended,239350,33035824,Posted: 30 June,all,WilliamTheWooki,"Hello Everyone,Just my thoughts on the fantastic replayable and random game of Spelunky.The 5 main areas of the Mines, Jungle, Ice Caves, Temples and Hell bring us into an exciting community of speedrunners to casual players. Very enjoyable as I learnt new skills in the form of moves (such as wipping arrows) to what certain items and mobs are and how they interact with the player.The eliment of continous play and speedrunning may not be for everyone, but still one to definitely check out.~Wookie"
,Recommended,239350,33023559,Posted: 29 June,all,TheMentalMan,"Very good, addicting and challenging game. It's a must buy"
,Recommended,239350,33022773,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr_Hi,Spent about 4 hours straight trying to get through the jungle once. I now go to anger management
76561198040220152,Recommended,239350,33046137,Posted: 30 June,all,The Platypus,"One of my all-time favorite games, I love most everything about Spelunky. It's one of few Rogue-likes I've played where it never feels unfair. I've done countless runs at this point, and every single death felt like it was my fault, rather than the random generation of the game. It's very unforgiving though, and the smallest mis-step can lead to your death at any moment. The best I've ever felt beating a video game was beating Spelunky for the first time, because I had to try so hard to do it, but I had loads of fun the whole time.I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198011001673,Recommended,239350,33043572,Posted: 30 June,all,jschenk,Never gets old.
76561198078432897,Recommended,239350,33056651,Posted: 30 June,all,Doo Doo Beans,Steam summah sale nuggah
76561198048007167,Recommended,239350,33055690,Posted: 30 June,all,Atomic,"♥♥♥♥ing annoying, but ♥♥♥♥ing good6,8 out of 7"
76561198209869044,Recommended,239350,33134582,Posted: 2 July,all,Top Hat Crusader,"Holy cow, Spelunky is soooo fun! I can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet.Spelunky is a fantastic randomly generated multiplayer game (not online) that is a blast to play with friends, or by yourself! It's so damn fun. Buy it now. Worth every penny for the lol's you'll have!"
,Recommended,239350,32639981,Posted: 22 June,all,Damoff,There's not a game I hate more. 10/10
,Recommended,239350,32641051,Posted: 22 June,all,Cooki3Stabber,You try to stop.Everyday is a struggle against addiction.You have broken everything in your house.But you still want to play.Spelunky in a nutshell.
,Recommended,239350,10193278,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,cool beans,A platformer where everything kills you and nothing is your friend.
,Not Recommended,239350,20202202,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,1singur,"This thing is annoying, but it feels like the closest thing to classic Mario games I can get on PC, so yeah!EDIT: I realized that for me Spelunky is one of those brilliant games ruined by one enforced design decission. In this case, the imposed timer on every level. I hate it, and this is why I did not tough the game in a while and I don't know if I will again soon."
76561198153086331,Recommended,239350,33243889,Posted: 4 July,all,JNine,great game for anyone who likes rogue-like games
,Recommended,239350,19871560,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mass Defection,"A really enjoyable game, but it will make you rip out your hair, good thing im bald then"
,Recommended,239350,19872767,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,King Diamond,"one of the best platformers released of all-time in my opinion.fast, variant, tough, awesome aesthetic, fluid control, blue frogs OP, tons of easter eggs to figure out... for a couple bucks you can get hundreds of hours of game play out of this. not to mention, when the game was peaking it had one of the best twitch communities for speedruns, score runs, etc... was a blast to watch and learn from (latedog, banasaurus rex, pib, etc)."
,Recommended,239350,19858173,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,crowa5,5/10 ING
,Recommended,239350,19858694,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,⋘smorebrother⋙,This game should come with a noose 11/10 would die and rage again.
,Recommended,239350,167920,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,DOA,hard as my♥♥♥♥♥♥in sunday school
,Recommended,239350,19924008,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Emilmax999,"People told me it would be like issac...I have unlocked all achivements for issac and find the game easy, my friends and other reviews said its like issac so i thought hmm lets give it a try...Its not like issac, 63 mins in and i still cant get past the mines its extremely hard but really fun and addicting at the same time, a bit like nuclear throne.the only problem I personaly have with this game is the hit box while jumping and using the whip is a bit off and 1 block gaps... the guy just loves grabbing onto walls dosent he.9/10 - A bit fraustrating but fun at the same time which makes me want to come back for more"
,Recommended,239350,19930612,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,InEdibleCake 🎂,"i bought a camera from a shopkeeper, took his picture with it, and he killed me with a shotgun as a result10/10 would violate privacy again"
76561198096328137,Recommended,239350,19919408,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,richardtboyd1122,This game manages to be very fun and very challanging.  the combination of requiring cation and having a sort of level timer make time management and additional skill along with knowing when to push the right buttons.
,Recommended,239350,19950856,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,farias.diego93,Lots of fun and pretty much any computer can handle it.
,Recommended,239350,953786,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Dougie Jones,Extremely highly recommended. Played the F2P years ago. This is the real deal. Rouge-like awesomeness.
76561197993265547,Recommended,239350,19879980,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LooseEnd,"Spelunky is challenging, comical, adventurous. I like it."
76561198042850661,Recommended,239350,20011323,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wiglink,Brilliant design. Endlessly replayable. Extremely hard. Hardcore addicting.This game is a masterpiece.
76561198052946748,Recommended,239350,20252546,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Doodle64,Web gun is overpowered
76561198064810575,Recommended,239350,20295407,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ducus10000,"This game makes you want to rage. It is really fun, but is very difficult to play. It takes patience, but I'm having fun with it."
76561198058836442,Recommended,239350,20275917,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SchwanzusLongus,Warning!: This game is addictingI bought Spelunky due to my friends recommendation and own curiosity about a 2D Platformer. I was sceptical but got hooked by the urge to get further and further or trying new things like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every goddamn shopkeeper up that I see. Even though I mostly die to my own stupidity while throwing objects or endless greed for gold it still has a pretty rough difficulty to handle.I can just recommed this game but still think the current price is a bit too high so better wait for the next sale.
76561197971225226,Recommended,239350,20245926,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dieselboypunker,Addicting and fun.
76561198068005114,Recommended,239350,20228951,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Invisibow,"What kind of shopkeeper sells kisses for $10,000??"
,Recommended,239350,20290318,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nocturnal,"Challenging, addictive, fun platformer and you will die, alot of times! But you will get better as you learn from your deaths and be rewarded for your skill!"
,Recommended,239350,20159019,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,5 3 >< `/,"This is my favorite game that I own, well worth the $15 price tag. Its a platformer like mario except the levels are different every time so you see something new every time. To win the game play through 16 levels without dying or start over from the begining. There is a tunnel man to help you practice the levels that are later on but can you afford his cost to tunnel? This game is fun with many secrets hidden deep within the mysterious caves."
76561198046802029,Recommended,239350,21960362,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,wesleyy001,"Brutally difficult hilarity and mayhem.You will die. Alot. And often before getting past floor 4, too. But that's the beauty of it. With every game, you build your skills and learn to avoid the arrow traps, the spikes, whatever the RNG god throws at you. And eventually, you break through into the next level, only to be killed by a frog. And the cycle repeats.This game is all about skill and luck. Any floor layout can be cleared perfectly, but it's up to your skills to pull it off. And none of us are perfect, so it then comes down to luck. Did you get an early jetpack? Did you find an altar on floor 2? Life is harder, but not impossible. Press on; maybe the jetpack will come to you floor 3.Get this game; while it will eaet up your life it is one of the best ways to waste it."
,Recommended,239350,14425951,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MidSnacker,Try to quit this game. I dare you.
76561198141367785,Recommended,239350,21065858,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,She Kilt Ash,It's a Spulunking Game ;D
76561198047281099,Recommended,239350,5275187,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,The Friendly Neighbourhood Spy,Pretty solid platformer
76561197996695478,Recommended,239350,21056877,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[ℭ𝔴ℭ] Zipar,"I can't highly recommend this game enough for anyone who has ever enjoyed killing or dying or having a good time. It starts off as a simple platformer with great music then turns into a complex as hell platformer with great music. You'll die a lot. I mean two seconds in and you jumped the wrong way, that much. But every death fills you with determination, knowing you suck a miniscule amount less."
,Recommended,239350,21079001,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rsource,"This game is fun, but at the same time hard... As one little mistake during your journey can cause you ""game over"" when searching for the ultimate treasure.But in other words, a game which you can use whenever your´re bored, so I would recommend this game (especially if it is on sale)."
76561198020278528,Recommended,239350,15606565,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ChiefLynx,You have no right to review this game until your play time reaches 150 hours.
76561198206334139,Recommended,239350,21021735,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PiotReCT,8/10This game is very good. It's have lots of levels enemies and characters which is hard to get them. The game is VERY hard (or i can't play it). Lots of tries in the game will make You very happy when you will end it. Hope You enjoy! :)
76561198098014744,Recommended,239350,20773747,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ivory394,Great game. Numerous ways to die and fun ways to♥♥♥♥♥♥off shopkeepers.10/10Would sacrifice the Damsel to get free gear again
,Recommended,239350,20818272,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Senpooh,Supporting the devs.
,Recommended,239350,1034980,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Norm,What is there to look forward to but software updates and the deterioration of one's health and family? Spelunky.
,Recommended,239350,21089819,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,T-Man,"This game is evil...dont let the charming looks get to you, THIS GAME IS HARDI can only reccomend this game if you LOVE hard games"
,Recommended,239350,21370603,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ROSS,"I despise and love this game all at the same time. I have died over 2000+ times, and only completed it 4 times (King Yama).Initially, i hated this game and never played it. Until i discovered how extremely deep the gameplay is and intricate it is. On the surface its a very simple and straight forward game, but deep down, there is so much more lore and secrets. You cannot grasp how many secrets there are until you play it."
,Recommended,239350,7514581,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,The Guy,"One of the most well designed games of all time. Discovering new things is always awesome, and just learning all its intricacies is really rewarding. If you have the patience for it, you'll learn to love it."
76561198046022353,Recommended,239350,23628975,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sweet potato,This game is a threaght to your sanity
76561198088783978,Recommended,239350,23653989,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,fchs219376,"This game is endless entertainment. Very deep mechanics, lots to do, and is very rewarding. The randomly generated courses keep you always entertained. And the platforming is smooth. A great buy if you are looking for something to scratch a platforming itch."
,Recommended,239350,23715118,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Chris,Excellent rogue-lite platformer. Super hard.
,Recommended,239350,23715220,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bassguitarbill,"This game will make you extremely angry. I implore you to continue past that point, until all the rage is gone from your mind, because it is then that you will beat this game and understand what everybody else is raving about."
76561198051906675,Recommended,239350,5558949,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Glimmy,"i love this game, the best buy of the year and i highly recomend it to anyone 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,23930511,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zapbark,"I've played a lot of games, but I don't think I've felt the amount of satisfaction compared to when I beat this game.Not only that, is that the game offers some more difficult ways to beat the game, that are still unique, challenging and rewarding to try for.This truly is an excellent game which rewards mastering the mechanics of the game vs memorizing the layout of the levels.Most of all, this game is an excellent teacher that failing is not a failure.  It is a learning opportunity.  Which is an excellent lesson."
,Recommended,239350,23930626,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,arf,"A set of discrete mechanics that interact with each other in often unexpected ways, and how you learn to manipulate or work around them.Really good"
,Recommended,239350,23550630,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sadface,"Spelunky is a game that will make you pay for every inch of progress in blood. It will take you a lot of patience and caution in order to succeed at this game.It's definitely worth the money, but don't expect it to hold your hand for you - because it won't. Spelunky is a cruel but fair mistress. You will die - and every death will probably be your fault....Except maybe for that freak chain of events that somehow triggers a boulder trap into a shopkeeper frenzy and ends with you getting a shotgun to the face through a gap you didn't think the shopkeeper could get you through. (Tip: The shopkeeper will always get you.)"
76561198172565262,Recommended,239350,23605163,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,nocturneequuis,I have died probably 3 million times in this game and I will go back to die 3 million more. It's a popcorn game for me where I can check out and listen to podcasts while trying endlessly to get through the levels. The levels are never quite the same and I enjoy exploring and opening the boxes and cursing at all the inventive ways to die. I haven't even discovered all of them yet. It's a simple game but great in its simplicity.
,Recommended,239350,23821161,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jromz03,Difficult but very fun game!(Though I'm kicking myself for buying this at full price ... Still worth the price!)
,Recommended,239350,10554368,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Luke,"This is possibly my favorite game of all time. If you enjoy a challenge it will keep you coming back over-and-over. The artwork and music are timeless, which is good because I'll probably be playing this for years to come.  I could go on, but I can't think of anything that hasn't already been said. This game is near perfection and learning its nuances is both rewarding and fun.I should note that I have many more hours logged on the 360 and Vita versions."
76561198119264382,Recommended,239350,23985405,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FuzzyCuddlyBunny,"This game is amazing. It is quite possibly the best rougelike game ever made, and boasts an excellent time as you learn how to beat the game one area at a time. Now, there are only four areas, plus an optional and somewhat secret fifth and some special levels, so you may be tempted to think that it will be easy to get each area down. It's not.The allure of this game, is that every single time you die you know that it's 100% your fault, not because of a lack of balance or a bug (with extremely rare exception: maybe 1 in 100 runs that you lose will be due to a game design flaw, if that). And so the journey as you go from dying in the tutorial to doing speedruns and robbing shopkeepers as you go to hell is one of the best ones in gaming.I will say though, do not buy this game if you dislike difficulty: there is no easy mode. In fact, there is not even any progress that will be saved from game to game besides purely aesthetic character skin changes. Everything is dependent on your skill."
76561198300172467,Recommended,239350,24010048,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Thrillho10,Would buy this game everyday if I had to.
76561198032566496,Recommended,239350,23850153,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Joyfullcoffee,Very fun game.
76561198085628781,Recommended,239350,23629222,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Eggnogin,"Hardest game I've ever played, and also one of my favorites. The caves keep calling me back..."
76561198143900181,Recommended,239350,23843465,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,StatTrak: Fedora Fade Fac New,this game is pretty dope af
,Recommended,239350,23837720,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BluCM,"I play most games with a keyboard, But dang this game is hard without a controller!Still love it."
76561198025305749,Recommended,239350,23858954,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Black Crimson Dragon,best game
76561198119324683,Recommended,239350,23840667,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,joriver69,2 hours and I already beat the game? Pfft.
,Recommended,239350,23882246,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Andre Solo,"FIrst rogue-like I've ever played and still one of my favourites to this day. I beated it in my friend's house and got it again (in a sale, mind you) just to have fun one more time"
,Recommended,239350,24058960,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheTrueLizard,"Goddamn amazing remake of the game. Even with some tweaks here and there of game mechanics or enemy behavior, it's still fun to go at."
76561198056236167,Recommended,239350,24015346,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,E-dawg,"Platforming fun with SpelunkyI have had a lot of fun playing this game, but get ready to rage-quit, cause Spelunky is annoyingly difficult and punishes the hell out of you for even the smallest of miscalculations. Personally I have a guilty pleasure when it comes to these sort of games since I grew up with NES games such as Castlevania, Megaman, Super Mario etc. Gotta love the punishment.I love the whole level 1-1, 1-2, 1-3 stuff, just like with the world system in Super Mario, but what entertains me the very most is collecting items and looking through your item/bestiary-list to see what you have discovered and not. And also all the secrets within the game, THRILLING :DWhat I miss the most within this game is some sort of continuing story when you've finished all of the worlds. If you want to speed-run this game it's a really short game for the price. The developers are most likely aware of this and have put their bets on the replayability through daily speed-run competitions, item collecting and different ways of finishing the game so that you're eager to finish the same worlds over and over again adding length to the game.The music in this game is awesome btw. Kind of like with Super Meatboy, but less metal and more atmosphere based. To me the background music of a game is like 30-40% of the games total value depending on the genre. Spelunky pulls it off and makes it to the top here.The gameplay is well executed and you can't really blame the responsiveness of the controls if you die. It's your own fault if you make a mistake.I have had tons of fun with this platformer, in hopes of a sequel i'll throw in a thumbs up as well.Recommen(dead thanks to spider chief, ghost, Bee-queen or a God shave the queen the store-keeper has gone crazy)"
76561198079891705,Recommended,239350,19470138,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The Rogue Lynx,This game is pretty solid.
,Recommended,239350,24040361,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ferguduby,"Play a lot of this game, very addictive"
,Recommended,239350,24003672,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Krante11,"Probably the most profitable game i ever bought (not mentionning free-to-play)68hours for 3€, and im not even finshedspent the first 15 hours not being able to get out of the first world35 more hours to unlock all 3 tunnels (warp zone to reach each world)10 more hours to beat the boss8 more hours to reach city of gold, and i didn't reached it yetyet they are more secret level to explore, still got plenty to play10/10"
,Recommended,239350,24113256,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr. Mint,"An amazing game. If steam showed the hours I had on the Xbox version it would be depressingly high.However, please do yourself a favor and play the game with a controller. You won't want to even play the tutorial without it. Make sure you play the game the definitive way.Once you have that out of the way, this game is an easy 10/10."
76561197968437075,Recommended,239350,24097553,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bungee,Tough game at first but with practice it becomes easier.  I've had a lot of fun playing so far!
,Recommended,239350,24754442,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Markus_McCloud,"Okay, first things first: YOU. WILL. RAGE. This game has an unforgiving difficulty, and RNGesus will rarely, if ever, be on your side.However, that being said, this game is insanely fun at the same time. The difficulty is part of its charm. You will die all the time, but you'll come back stronger each time. The randomized caves will make sure that no two play-throughs are ever the same. And that soundtrack... Ooooooh... That music makes me drool on myself everytime I hear it.My verdict?89/100If you can stomach the difficulty, it's definitely a blast to play. I, for one, would recommend a controller for this."
,Recommended,239350,24542170,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ChocoBoom,DAY 293I still haven't stopped playing spelunky...SEND HELP
76561197970347865,Recommended,239350,22821689,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,JimmyJazz,"Spelunky is a roguelike dungeon explorer where you explore mines, garden caves, ice mines and others to find your fortune deep below. Along the way you encounter monsters and other challenges, and pick up equipment to help you. This game is known for being brutally hard and you will die a lot, but don't let that put you off because it never punishes you arbitrarily - it's almost always your fault, and something you can improve next time. Sometimes it will be fine motor control that went wrong, other times you midjudged an enemy, or didn't understand how to use equipment, or rushed. Remember to learn what you can from each death and you'll start to gradually make progress ... which is very rewarding!"
76561198059655115,Recommended,239350,22706544,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ray,I have never gone so ballistic on a game before. :steamsalty:
76561198091350928,Recommended,239350,20738598,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Navyator,"This game is really fun and really addicting. You start each session with new hopes and end in a fit of rage, but come back none the less to try your luck once more. The characters are pretty neat too, and the multiplayer is really fun. With lots of items and enemies, things never get boring. One of my favorite games, and for a good price too."
,Recommended,239350,20748399,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Chezzy,"I delve deeper.Though my head is stooped in darkness in the suffocating earth, I delve.I delve deeper.Though through strangling vine and leafy trap I tread.I delve deeper.While the frigid ice does grip my trembling hands.I delve deeper.To the evil ruin of ancient eldritch lore.I delve.With the glint of greed and madness in mine eye.Deeper.In my own obsession slave to gold and gem.Deeper.The life I leave is draped in myst'ry gone.Deeper.For my memory fails in light of treasure pure.Deeper.Though my fate is none but Hell and horrors therein.Deeper.My burdens weigh my heavy heart to dread.Ever still, I must delve deeper."
76561198275765298,Recommended,239350,20632308,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Isaac,"This game taught me not to steal jetpacks and shotguns. Shopkeepers DO have a dark side, y'know. Once you steal something, you'll be scarred forever. Also, the sheer chance of being a dart trap right infront of a shop, you throw a rock to defeat a bat, and it activates the dart trap, and it hits the shopkeeper. Way to locate your shop.Still, this game taught me that stealing is terrible.And I love it."
76561198045223743,Recommended,239350,20747772,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Arg,Now do it without a jetpack.
,Recommended,239350,20749180,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Sir Brodacious,"I love the original spelunky. That game was mashup of Castlevania's extreme difficult and whip action, Super Mario's difficult platforming and head stomping, Cave Story's flipping amazing music, and the procedurally generated levels of a roguelike. The problem is, the new version of Spelunky replaced the soundtrack! It isn't a bad new soundtrack, but I find the original to be better, and there is no ingame setting to change it. However, besides that and the mandatory tutorial, the game is excellent and retains the original's gameplay. I'd recommend buying it, even just as a means of supporting the developer."
76561198006470550,Recommended,239350,20729866,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Caderyn,"A brilliant game that will Punish you, cheat you, treat you really really badly sometimes, but make you laugh and cry, make you feel like every victory is worthwhile and meaningful, or just incredibly lucky, you will die. you will die a lot, you will love it, you will crawl back for more and beg the game to punish you again.The real beauty of this game and other rogue-likes is that learning to play is a Skillset, you don't learn level lay out or enemy composition, you learn the fun, the joy, the trials and the tricks of traversing an ever changing labyrinth, and it is just so damn fun to do so~YASD!"
76561198067263994,Recommended,239350,20734193,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Thing under the bed,"Awesome game that seems simple and boring if explained by friends, but amazing if played"
76561198018435795,Recommended,239350,20886669,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hello Oblivion,10/10 would pie again
,Recommended,239350,17650544,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Omega888,"Why reach the your seventies when you can die of anger in your twenties?Why remain silent and get loved by your neighbours when you can scream ""bestemmie"" (for those of you who don't speak Italian, seek for the wiki page ""Italian Profanity"" to get an idea) at 3:00am?Ok, stop kidding. This game is awesome. It's a must for each roguelike fan out there, and it's an awesome game also if you're a normal guy who has a happy and calm life but likes to play to difficult games.Forget about Dark Souls, let's go into a deep, cartoonish rabbit hole FULL OF funny ways to die, monsters, weapons, items, shortcuts and endangered blonde ladies, but also into a long-lived adventure that requires calm, experience and a decent amount of luck to be completed.It won't disappoint you. Trust me.Or you will break your very expensive personal computer. In that case, I do not take any responsibility for your actions. Good luck!"
76561198265251792,Recommended,239350,21268370,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,mazoom75,shame it's only on windows not mac or linux but at least it is fun.
76561198088085783,Recommended,239350,22042027,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BigBoiTheRat,It's funIt's hardit's spelunky
,Recommended,239350,22115046,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,humanvegetableonline2002,You're going to die a lot and it's going to be your fault.A simple platformer that rewards skill and risk-taking.
,Recommended,239350,22034570,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,butttttttton,Things that can kill you in this game:- Shopkeepers- Mummies- Spiders- Bats- Piranha- Vikings- Egyptian Gods- Crocodiles- Cannibal Bird Man- Caveman- Frogs- Aliens- Scorpions- Skeletons- Demons- Killer Plants- Bees- Snails- Monkeys- The Living Undead- Knights- Yetis- Worms- Scorpion Flies- Vampires- Horses- Oxes- Ghosts- Bacteria- RobotsPlease send help...
,Recommended,239350,22089798,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Machu,"Y'know, I've played this since the free Game Maker version.  Platformer rogue-likes, what a concept!  Certainly a rewarding challenge."
76561198043949673,Recommended,239350,22013112,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Beats by Dad™,"11/10. Would beat women and get money stolen from ""monkeys"" again."
,Recommended,239350,22093333,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jerry Seinfeld,is hard
,Recommended,239350,22058560,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Persson,It's a good game.
,Recommended,239350,22056580,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,jerkin with other dudes,"One of my favourite games of all time, would recommend."
76561198007321058,Recommended,239350,22036624,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,D13,"This game is amazing fun, The local multiplayer is great!"
,Recommended,239350,22156200,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,JackSakWak2+4(7>,I like the game but I can't play on my Mac. Make available for ios
,Recommended,239350,22166571,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Noriko117,its fun but its very hard
76561197972539144,Recommended,239350,22150629,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,davidandrews57,Sure. I would recommend it
,Recommended,239350,21929562,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sassy the Sasquatch,I great addicting game that you'll be hooked on for many an hour
,Recommended,239350,21943154,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,camu camu,This is one of the MOST DIFFICULT game's I've ever played! Reccomended for the What the heck worthy challenge!!! +the pixel-art style's cool!
76561198148993814,Recommended,239350,20109324,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cyni,Would recommend for masochists
,Recommended,239350,20540869,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lucator,I tryharded this game too much... A challenging game ! Very good one !
,Recommended,239350,25201168,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,God,"This is a great game. It's a great way to pass the time and there is so much to this game and so many secrets that you will be kept busy for a long time. It's challenging, but to me that's part of it's appeal."
,Recommended,239350,25122882,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Broccoli And Friends,"New players are going to struggle withSpelunky, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. It'll constantly get the best of you, but it's a game that's full of endless surprises. Each defeat gives you the chance to learn a bit more about the dungeon's hazards, and this makes it especially rewarding when you succeed. Every new item, trap, enemy, and, inevitable demise you experience will leave you better equipped for the next (and probably ill-fated) attempt.I boughtSpelunkylooking for a throwback; I'm a 2D platformer at heart, andSpelunkyhas definitely scratched an itch. The controls are intuitive and, after some time, they feel pretty second nature. The game's world building is good. You'll start to recognize patterns in how levels are constructed, but the limitless possibilities in how these patterns are configured together means that level design is never tiring, and doesn't lose its appeal.I'm continually surprised by the interactions I see among enemies, NPCs, and their respective environments: the resulting blast from an exploding frog you killed might land a little too close to a shotgun wielding shopkeep; or it's possible that a misplaced alien laser could trigger a series of landmines and eliminate what you thought was a surefire exit. In either case, you'll have to rely on your own senses of strategy and reflex to find a solution, or else, end your playthrough a little sooner than intended.Its unforgiving difficulty means thatSpelunkywill take some time to get acquainted with; however, if you're a fan of the perma-death and rogue-like genres, you probably already know the drill."
76561198065881490,Recommended,239350,25123536,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Bulletmarshin,This game is great if you enjoy rogue-like indie games. The art style is very nice and you can definitely pump some hours trying to perfect your skill in this.
76561198293970745,Recommended,239350,25155202,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,YoLo EGG,"This is one of the most addicting games I have ever played. You can spend countless hours on this game and still not get bored. It is a very tough game, but like everything else practice makes perfect(although you will never be perfect in spelunky). It's also really fun to play with your friends and the daily challenges always bring out the competitive in you. If you want a cheap game you will fall in love with and play for countless hours, Spelunky is the game for you."
,Recommended,239350,30853070,Posted: 31 March,all,Jesus,"Fun as hell, but still cant F***ING BEAT IT"
,Recommended,239350,25128472,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,senselsar,Very difficulty. But I like to play always.
,Recommended,239350,24719485,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Samantha,"This marks the 30th time I've died while trying to get the Ankh.10/10, deaths seem fair and skill-based."
76561198116821644,Recommended,239350,24658714,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,JJ8383,"Very good game BUT the spikes are TO OVER POWEREDit should not be a instant kill but 5 or 10 hearts cuz i just played 2 runs (i am not a noob i was rusty but not a noob) and 1 was cuz i took a statue and ♥♥♥♥ed up a shop and the 2nd more anoying death a spiter snake hit me and i got knocked down then bounced on the ground then fell on spikes and died and i was so madI am just making this cuz i am mad the game is fun before you buy it ask your self these questions1. are you ok with games that it seems easy but when you play it unless you are remarkably good at the game it will push you down just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles and♥♥♥♥♥♥you off for the 1st 20 runs2. the tutorial is easy then you start the game and you die 1/2 way througe the 1st floor3.you have lots of patince4. it wont be bad if you yell curses,or just yell,or flip off your screenif you said yes to at least 3 of these get the game :)and it make you feel VERY ♥♥♥♥ING happy once you beat the 1st level or 2nd,3rd, ect"
76561198034106470,Recommended,239350,24655315,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Laxander,"I sucked at it, 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,24655384,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,bassMonkey,"BEST. BEST. BEST multiplayer experience. The campaign is quite fun too. Love the game. It's different every single time. Same mechanics, random levels. Great game to play with friends. Co-op or deathmatch."
76561198232783584,Recommended,239350,24603249,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,baconbittzz,"love this game!!!!1 all of the secret places, monsters, traps and (especially) characters are fun and hard to find. this game is definatly a favourite!!!! recommened for everyone!!!!!! FIVE STARS!!!!!!"
,Recommended,239350,24888675,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,"Guava ""The GuavaBageler"" Bageler",Spelunky is an extemely fun and addictive rogue like platformer that has a very high skill ceiling and heavily rewards skill. It also is a ton of fun to grab some friends and explore together! I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes rogue likes or platformers.
76561198255794289,Recommended,239350,25506054,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ghost0f0nyx14,"I will always recomend this game, I played it on the 360 for days and never lost interest. Now that I have it on steam I get to have more fun with mods."
,Recommended,239350,13753748,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BasementHero,"Played this on xbox for a while, love it here too. Haven't had multiplayer on PC yet, and only dabbled in 2 on xbox."
76561198070698213,Recommended,239350,21277094,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,chirkly dirkly,I can pretty much play this forever. Awesome game.
76561198031046503,Not Recommended,239350,21277324,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Black Virtue,"Without co-op it plays like a roguelike platformer without any of the features that made the likes of Rogue Legacy fun.Arbitrary and unmentioned time limits per level, no obvious healing and the tutorial sets you up with the completely wrong playstyle.There are also no upgrades to pass on aside from stage checkpoints.2/10, Refunded. You may like it but I fail to see any reason for the hype.My top tip: Keep an eye on your refund timer."
,Recommended,239350,20305779,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,CondensationOnMyCameraaaa,"Fun game, at times it seems impossible or that losing a life was unavoidable which can be annoying but apart from that its great!"
76561198111610095,Recommended,239350,20367339,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Phlif,"The friend who reccomended this game to me described is as, 'Evil, but fun'. I've barely scratched the surface of this game, but I already fully agree. If you like a challenge and don't mind dyeing alot, this game is a must have."
76561198116351262,Recommended,239350,20353832,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,✪Crustyツ,The best game ever!!! I've already spent 300+ hours on it. It took my two years to finish all achievments :) Good luck to all future spelunkers - It ain't easy :)
76561198160683137,Recommended,239350,20361907,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,TheGreatSauron,A very good platformer and has a unique blend of exploration and indiana jone type action. There's a lot to discover and a lot of replayability to this game. Easily a 10/10.
,Not Recommended,239350,20375827,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,petecruickshank5,"Pros- Well presented, fun game. Procedurally generated mines is quite an interesting idea.Cons- Pretty unforgiving, No saves or checkpoints. Procedurally generated can also be a con.Good for a few hours, tops. But extremely over-rated game in my humble opinion. It's not doing anything revoltionary, and what it does isn't outstanding or perfect.A generous three (really 2.5)"
,Recommended,239350,20399726,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Han Yolo,Awesome!
76561198056885943,Not Recommended,239350,20390402,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kizer5.red,A brutally hard exploration and puzzle platformer. A lot of traps and sudden death to it.
,Recommended,239350,20408080,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Robioto,"Hard as nails, frustrating, but rewarding and addictive. One of the bed indie games I've ever played. Recommended."
,Recommended,239350,20408327,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"This is a pretty fun and addictive game. It's a rogue-like platformer that boasts some serious challenge and randomly generated levels so each playthrough is different. Armed with a whip, bombs, and rope you must traverse a trap and enemy laden dungeon while filling your pockets with treasure along the way. The gameplay is pretty standard 2D platformer fare, with the added fun of a fully destructible environment. Shops where you can buy items and hidden goodies you can find throughout your adventure helps ease the difficulty and makes the dungeon run more manageable.The game is primarily split up into four zones, with a few hidden areas to unlock as well. Each has their own unique set of enemies and monsters, with each zone being overall more difficult than the last. I have yet to finish it myself, which is a testament to its challenge, but I keep coming back for more. The hidden items and areas give it some pretty high replayability as well. Highly recommended."
76561198016950149,Recommended,239350,20410961,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The Easily-Wow!'d Guy,"The single best co-op game I have ever played.Please, please, please support online co-op."
,Recommended,239350,16218995,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rowlet99012,"Super fun!!It's just like monopoly - if you play it with friends....All you hear is excessive swearing....God help you...Spelunky is a difficult, single life (nearly) 2D platformer  with  10 stages (five stages are ""secret"")where you can get anyting (nearly!)....Monkeys that poop gold....exploding frogs....Giant alien pals....sticky bombs....piranhas...!Warning not everythng is passive!~Pros~Difficult!Funny!Strange!Difficult!HD! WHOAAAAAAAH!~Cons~EVERYTHING!NOTHING!                                                                     (that second comment overwrites the first one)"
,Recommended,239350,20341218,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,somewhat alone,"This game is good, i am not."
,Recommended,239350,19751570,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Strainger,"You will yell. You will curse. You will shake your head in disbelief at your misfortunes. You will even rage quit a few times.You think you can stop, but you can't. You will keep returning to the game until you kill Olmec.Then you'll keep playing, trapped by the desire to improve your score, to go through the Mothership and the Worm, to reach the City of Gold, to unlock all the different journal entries. Eventually you will reach Hell. Eventually you will defeat King Yama.MAYBE then you will be able to stop."
,Recommended,239350,20002184,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,UltimateC64,Good fun if alittle on the challenging side.
76561198025040285,Recommended,239350,19970653,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mousa,Great game. This is probably the most time I have ever put into a playing single. Excellent replay value.
,Recommended,239350,20006698,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gman,Hard but addictivelly fun.
76561198257497242,Recommended,239350,19961599,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CapriDiem,"Ah Spelunky, definitely a challenge but not in an unfair sense, you always know it was your foul-up when you haven't planned your next move.  It definitely scratches a rogue-like itch and you catch yourself having fun while you're scratching away!  Try not to have just one more go I dare you!"
,Recommended,239350,19984204,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mister Dino,"THIS GAME IS RAD. FOR EVERY TIME I FALL IN A PIT OF SPIKES AND SCREAM OUT MY INNARDS, THERE IS AN EQUALLY INCREDIBLE MOMENT... eh not really. but it's still a lot of fun. 8/10"
76561198083568932,Recommended,239350,20015828,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,depression,this game somehow teaches you to rush and make quick descisions in a world where a single mistake can kill you instantly
,Recommended,239350,1566215,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,RBX,Probably the most polished Roguelike out there. No two runs in this game are ever the same. Great for short sessions or long ones. Really pretty art.
,Recommended,239350,15998208,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,James Sir Bensonmam,I loved Rick Dangerous on the Amiga 500. This is why I love this Game too.
,Not Recommended,239350,15780331,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zincoshine,Get binding of issac and rogue legacy instead. This is not very well designed. You will die more often because of the game's bad design than because of your own mistakes.
,Recommended,239350,7891715,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,bilman07,This game is awesome
,Recommended,239350,8025456,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Your Gay Father,"This game is incredibly fun when you get into it. As you get better you'll always find something new to keep your interest. The average playthough will last 0.5 seconds for a beginner, but you will come to master the mechanics and find that perfect combination of items by the time you're done with it. And the best part is, you never have to be done with it. Every new playthrough is randomly generated, and there is a Daily Challenge every...well...every day, obviously.For ten dollars, this is an absolute steal. Buy this immediately if you like platforming and/or rougelike permadeath games."
,Recommended,239350,8025640,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,abearden,"This game will grow on you and gets increasingly more fun the more you learn how to deal with the environment (i.e. where to stand so you don't kill yourself with a rock). Other than killing you a lot, it's only downfall is that it is addictive."
,Recommended,239350,5959904,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Vaati,"it's pretty much just a ridiculously badass metroidvania with cavestory's proportions all over again, i suggest you play the free version at least"
76561197982527043,Recommended,239350,8026730,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Zappity,Moreish as crack
,Recommended,239350,7951355,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,The_Redback,"Do like old style platform games? Do you like a challenge? If you anwsered yes to both of those questions then Spelunky is for you. Perma-death and randomized levels makes sure this game never gets old. Its not a walk in the park either which is nice for a change. The soundtrack and the art styling remind me of the old platformer ""Rick Dangerous"" (if you know that game) and it has hours of entertainment.The only downside is that it feels rather clunky to play with a keyboard. Playing with a control pad feels like the perfect way to play."
76561198062683816,Recommended,239350,7960013,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,sir gogalot,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ movie, i give it a 5/5"
,Recommended,239350,26965852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thtbean,really good has alot of diffrent things to keep you entertained
,Recommended,239350,26935032,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamie,Fun and very replayable
76561198052765545,Recommended,239350,26935724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tyoginアメリカのミーム,2 words.Tough but beatable.
,Recommended,239350,27014126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,InsanityWolf,Amazing game to waste time on.
,Recommended,239350,27012203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rational.lemming,I love this game. It just keeps me coming back for more whether it is after several months away or for just one more attempt after dying. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,239350,10856926,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Plasma,"Really fun, takes a lot of playing to get good though. Pretty good game even though I haven't played it very much. Kinda hard"
,Recommended,239350,27008709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Volkano,"If you're a fan of challenging yet rewarding platformers then I STRONGLY recommend you pick this game up.The replay value is insane, the skill ceiling is high, and the tension is palpable.One of my favourite games!"
,Recommended,239350,27011115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,waveplay,"Woah how did I not review Spelunky yet? It's in the top 5 games of all times for me. A perfect game in all aspects. Great graphics, super tight ingenious design. It doesn't get old and it's easy to learn, hard to master. I nominated it for the ""Test of Time"" Steam award, because I've been and will be playing this gem for years."
,Recommended,239350,27001640,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Madminn,"This game is very well done. The community has mostly died out, but if you're just finding this game right now, you can still have a great time with it. I certainly did, and I even return to it every once in a while. I have over 100 hours in it and, though I've beaten the full game a few times, I still haven't managed all the achievements. Consider this a glowing recommendation, especially on a sale."
,Recommended,239350,27009260,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,goblin,dang it's hard
76561197974491958,Recommended,239350,27009532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PowerDan,The pure definition of Risk vs Reward in video game.
,Recommended,239350,27008193,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ninty,Pretty much the best game ever.
76561198073052504,Recommended,239350,27002196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Charged Ruby,A game that you can play over and over...
,Recommended,239350,26780309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,johnnysack,It's a good game.
,Recommended,239350,26776259,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DiMono,"It's the only game I play fairly consistently, because it's a fantastic platformer. There's story progression, there's a reason for the character to keep going into the dungeon, there are easter eggs, and we keep finding out new things about the game - - some of which the developers didn't even know about! This is a difficult platformer that will take a long time to get good at, and the RNG is often savage, but the moments when you beat your previous time or score make it totally worth it."
,Recommended,239350,26770453,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,agusti,Best game ever!
,Recommended,239350,26767867,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ElTacoNacho,"Spelunky is simply the best platformer I've ever played and one of my favourite games of all time. I have all the achievements and have beaten it over and over, but I just keep going back to it and it never gets old."
,Recommended,239350,26896304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ed,An amazing game that you can play for months. It never gets old :)
,Recommended,239350,26869937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CS42R,"A remake of the orignal classic freeware game, which is just as addicting as the original!"
,Recommended,239350,26872288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pidesco,"The name of this game could be ""How to do emergent gameplay properly."" Outstanding."
,Recommended,239350,27649172,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ripper,God I love spelunky
,Recommended,239350,27749312,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bernie Joe,"Easy to pick up and play, but a beast to master. Probably one of the most difficult - although fair! - games ever. Addictive and fun for everyone (except for whoever has anger management issues)."
,Recommended,239350,27751225,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Master Lee PhD,Screw spelunky! I hate video games!!!! Best game ever created tho.
,Recommended,239350,27762318,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LordHuffnPuff,This is the best video game.
,Recommended,239350,27763005,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Grayman Classic,After all this time still surprises me
,Recommended,239350,10939666,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mandubienne,Best frustrating game ever...!
76561198015271356,Recommended,239350,13428851,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DrJones,"Hard but addictive game. Tons of little things to find. But: When you die (and you will - a lot) you start from scratch. If you like this kind of platformer, then you will have fun for hundreds of hours. Endless replayability!"
,Recommended,239350,795881,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Karsh,"Spelunky wrote the book on platformer roguelikes. The Spelunky book by Derek Yu is pretty good, too."
76561198080380255,Recommended,239350,27803972,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jellesolt,"Fun, exciting and totally adictive. once you get good you get hooked."
,Recommended,239350,27810638,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jaef,"Simple yet deep. Charming and challenging. A classic roguelike score-attack platformer that is the very definition of ""just one more round...""Was well worth every penny, best played with a controller."
,Recommended,239350,27809046,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheRedMenace,Initially makes you want to die. Then you refine your skills. It still makes you want to die.... IT'S FUN THOUGH....
,Recommended,239350,28008879,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Atrak (Adendis),"I must have bounced of Spelunky at least four times. Everyone kept saying how good it was and It seemed like the kind of game I would like but I just couldn't get into it. For some reason, the fifth time though I sat down and something clicked in my head. This game wasn't just good it was amazing. One thing though, you need a controller you are comfortable with, and you need to allow yourself time to develop the muscle memory you will need to plunge the procedural depths.Don't give this game a second chance, give it a few. You won't regret it."
76561198023309467,Recommended,239350,28009159,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DeepSpaceOctopi,"Very difficult platformer but once it gets it's hooks in you, it becomes hard to think of anything else. Very charming all the way through or at least until you get to the Yeti King. Still haven't beaten this darn thing!"
,Recommended,239350,19956216,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PandaJerk007,"Spelunky is a very finely tuned platforming game. It's challenging but highly enjoyable to figure out how to get past all the various traps and enemies you'll encounter. And just when you start feeling confident that you know what you're doing, you'll get killed by a new crazy combination of obstacles uniquely arranged on each level. This can be a little frustrating at times, but more often than not it's funny and keeps the game interesting and intense.Spelunky is also filled to the brim with hidden areas and secrets. Some are easy to access and a lot of fun, others take a lot of commitment and skill.Either way, Spelunky offers great content for a variety of players. And assuming you like platformers, I highly recommend it."
76561198011015971,Recommended,239350,27910531,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jesala,"You know, when I first saw this game advertised, I wasn't sure I'd like it.  But I am so glad I gave it a chance.  This game is awesome.  It's so good, I had to buy it again here on Steam even though I already owned it PSN (hence the relatively low play time).  I don't care that I've died over 500 times and still haven't seen the last area.  I don't care if I never beat it, this game is still worth every penny.  It's very hard, but oh so rewarding.  The procedural generation works so well; it never feels repetitive or cheap.  And there are so many secrets to discover, tricks you learn over time.  Just try it out.  You'll like it, trust me."
,Recommended,239350,27907803,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bweeoop,Masterpiece of game design and incredibly challenging platformer.
76561198109709128,Recommended,239350,27961332,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Razaael,"The game tells you ""get gud"" And though frustration rises you try it again and again"
,Recommended,239350,27529622,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,n'Chips,"Massively fun, especially with multiple friends in adversarial mode."
,Recommended,239350,27530510,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,eable2,"There's a reason why this game has won so many awards. First of all, the controls are smooth as silk and the game is virtually bug-free (hard to say that about any game these days). But more than that, Spelunky is really, really close to the perfect rogue-lite game. It's brutal, yes, but it's not because of what items you found, or what enemies you encounter. No - there is something to learn from every death in Spelunky, because it's always your fault. It is 100% possible to complete any Spelunky run without any items. Even with 175+ hours under my belt, I still have many things to learn and practice. It's such a wonderful feeling to watch yourself improve slowly.Brilliant, brilliant game."
,Recommended,239350,27468569,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nominal B,"Brutal. Spelunky is lovely, but it takes a lot of practice. Be patient. Watch some YouTube players and learn to love the mines."
,Recommended,239350,13437775,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ashirley,"Perfected the roguelike genre IMO.Quick to restart after messing up, satisfying learning curve, you still need to pay attention in the first levels even after playing them hundreds of times and you can skip to later levels if you fancy a change / practice."
76561198085109587,Recommended,239350,13728424,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,King Dedede,Great everything. I absolutely adore this game and recommend it to everybody. I would recommend using a controller.Be prepared because you will die A LOT.10/10
76561198078722730,Recommended,239350,13730057,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jiinouga,Spelunky is quickly becoming one of my favorite games.
76561198010283854,Recommended,239350,10691112,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PixelRobo,"Exactly the game you remember on the Xbox 360, but now with a few bell's and whistles. Great platforming fun, challenging difficultly, and a amazing soundtrack. I can't praise this game highly enough."
,Recommended,239350,13734266,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,snowywaffle,Spelunky is a game where your objective is to die as much as possible. There's also this cute little minigame you can play in the time between when you just died and when you will die again where you can pretend to be Indiana Jones.
,Not Recommended,239350,13725733,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Duterterico,meh
76561198028067625,Recommended,239350,13749625,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dinic,"One of the best platformers of all time and a great example of how to do a rouge-like well; Each death is laced with frustration and a drive to do better, refusing to be defeated by a .exe file."
76561198097497742,Recommended,239350,13562697,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheGreyTitan,Everything kills you. This game is dumb. 10/10 will die again.
,Recommended,239350,13562857,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,*Alias_,"This game is amazing. Its a sort of dungeony, 2D Sidescoller, with amazing elements put into it. Randomly generated levels allow for a different and fun experience every time you play the game, which allows for huge amounts of replayablility. One thing that amazed me though, was the ability to use items beyond their primary use. For example, the Damsel is a character in which you can save ( Damsel in distress. ) and at the end of the level, once you bring her to safety you can get a kiss from her which gives you health. OR, you can use her as bait for monsters or use her to set off traps. Which allows you to get away safe and let her die there. ( Cruel, but hilarious. ) Another example of this is with the merchants. Ocasionally, you might find yourself with a merchant, and when you do you can buy some of his items. OR pick them up and run away, allowing you to steal said item. Or even better, if its a weapon, you can try to kill him with his own weapon that he is selling to you. Things like this add so many choices to the game, that allow you to have so much fun in so many ways. You can be a good guy, and save the damsel in distress, or you can be evil and rob merchants, and kill for money rather than for good.TL;DR - This game gets a solid 10/10 from me. Its extremely diverse in letting you play the way you want to play. Not the way the game makes you play. Add this to a fully destructible environment, and a great soundtrack, and you have an AMAZING game. If you see this game on sale, stop reading here. Just go and buy it. And even if its not on sale, try to get the money for it. Its worth every penny."
,Recommended,239350,13554755,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,patrickchewing,i want to hear the soundtrack on my deathbed
,Recommended,239350,13555252,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,GIjoe,"This game is DIFFICULT! I've been playing a lot of this style of game and this is hands-down the hardest one I have encountered. If you can climb the insane difficulty curve, it has some pretty compelling gameplay and essentially limitless replayability.Pros: Inventive gameplay, lots of content, good value.Cons: possible brain damage due to frustration. very difficult."
,Recommended,239350,13555259,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bradypus,Very entertaining. Difficult but rewarding.
,Recommended,239350,13555899,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TonyTheTGR,"Spelunky is my favorite Roguelite ever. The game plays like a terrific combination of Spelunker, La Mulana, Super Mario Bros. 2, Castlevania, and Zelda/Kid Icarus; there's only occasionally situations you can't control, and that only serves to give the game more flavor. You'll maybe win once every year or so (unless you get superpro!), which will really hit home the sense of being a champion when you do!But really, what makes the game so much fun is that many of the times you die, it's from hilariously absurd chain reactions of misfortune... which, while it might make you a little mad (if it kills a good run), it'll make you laugh just about as much. Daily challenge mode and leaderboards make this a great game to play alongside friends, too."
,Recommended,239350,13555973,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gibs,BEST GAME ON STEAM. BUY BUY BUY
76561198064284822,Recommended,239350,13556665,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Comical_speedy88,"Spelunky should be rage-inducing, but I find it so charming and complex that the only thing I can do is start over again. I really love this game. There is more to it than first appears."
,Recommended,239350,13557782,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Phyrek,This game is so unfair and addictive that will make you rage quit and come back over and over again.10/10
76561198168808644,Recommended,239350,13558021,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,uwu,A WONDERFUL GAME!
,Recommended,239350,13558567,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wielki Pierogo,The perfect game.
,Recommended,239350,13560098,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Moegan,"Bucket of Crabs: The Game. Dragged my friends kicking, whipping, and screaming to hell and back. Loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,239350,13561372,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Trocar,"Every level is the same, but that is okay because every level is different. The game is a wonderful contradication, simple yet complex. Want to start over from the begining every time you die? I know I do."
,Recommended,239350,13330915,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BreatheDucky,So insanely addictive. I have this game on both PC and PS4. I'm so totally in love.I just wish there were different modes to play. (Example: I love the levels where you can't see anything and need the torch and I wish you could choose to just play levels like that sometimes)
,Recommended,239350,13323274,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,EpicCreeperSlayer,HALAAGAHGHAGH *vomits on own feet*
76561197961035803,Recommended,239350,13425577,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Teeps,This is the most balanced game I've played.  There is no such thing as getting a 'lucky run' compared to other rogue like games.  Punishing game yet deaths never feel cheap.  Put in he time and have patience and good things will happen.
,Recommended,239350,8330910,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Skeltelm,fun game i must say.every level is different.
,Recommended,239350,13427561,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,coszechko,"At first I thought it was just some simple game but alas I got butt♥♥♥♥ed by it , It is an incredibly challenging game with awesome and flawless mechanics ,the levels in this game are randomly generated and there are a ton of secrets which made me kept playing and playing until the sun came down. 9/10"
76561198099278215,Recommended,239350,15754586,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,MoodyBadger,Got thrown by a yeti and landed on a mine then blown across the map to land on spikes.100/10 would sacrifice the damsel for items everytime.
76561198018460794,Recommended,239350,8136372,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Intiaani Luonnontasku,"Spelunkyis awesome, fascinating, incredible, marvelous, prodigious, shocking, stunning, surprising, unbelievable, wonderful(thankshttp://thesaurus.com).Co-Op(up to 4 player locally)game is even funnier. If Spelunky had online multiplayer, it would probably be toogood, way toogoodgame overall."
76561198102230301,Recommended,239350,8150686,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DOLCE VITA,"This game is rad, you'll be finding yourself playing this addicting rouge like platformer more then you will first expect. It hooks you in with it's highly addicting gameplay, and will keep you playing for hours. But be warned, this is one of the hardest game's out there. So if you're easily fustrated by being killed in video games, I can't say I can recommend this game I'm afriad. One of the gems of the indie genre, and my favourite game on steam next to Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,239350,8362545,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tyrant,"This game devoured my soul, but at least I have a kapala."
76561197991052562,Recommended,239350,8366282,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,seaborne,"Easy to play, difficult to master.Probably the best game of the last 5 years."
,Recommended,239350,8366679,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,wildchild.fung,This is a good game at the reasonable price.
,Recommended,239350,8331418,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Folio,"I just lost 5 hours to this game and I couldn't be happier about it. This game will make you punch the living hell out of your monitor. It's more frustrating than Demon Souls and Dark Souls put together. But it just pulls you back in every time you die, and you're quick to recover from it too, but the challenge stays because the level designs change. So it's not like you're just gonna go back in and know what to do. The only things you can do is memorize how the environment acts and react quickly to that. Seriously fun game."
,Recommended,239350,8336344,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Azunyan,"Spelunky is a really hard game I'm really bad at it, but I have fun dying on the second level repeatedly."
,Recommended,239350,8381743,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Arbiter3030,tHIS GAME IS AWESOME. super fun especially with friends but extremely difficult! you will die. over and over but its deff worth buying!
76561198040378952,Recommended,239350,8382339,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Upravda,"Ah Spelunky - all that you are lacking is an Indiana Jones soundtrack ;)[though most of the time I end up more like the dead guy who nearly made it rather than the Indy who saves the day].Spelunky is a platform game set in an ever-changing underground maze. There is lots to keep you entertained and even more to kill you over and over again. And thats were you notice how addictive the game is - because you keep on coming back for more punishment. Always edging a bit closer. Always discovering something new.The environment is fully destructable - so you always have a number of options. Having said that - time is always of the essence so its reflex time galore when the going gets tough.One of the other wonderful thing about the game is the amount of ""mishaps"" one can easily fall prey to. Ever blasted yourself of a ledge thanks to the use of a shotgun? Boulder Trap sprung and shopkeeper out to teach you the shotgun macarena?If you have played Spelunky before - this game has updated graphics and a few new surprises.For those of you who havent - give it a go - we all need a little bit of adventure in our lives ;)"
76561198097058601,Recommended,239350,8389903,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,zacharysp2,"This is one of those games that is simple to learn, and tough to master.  It takes a little luck and a lot of skill, but no matter what, you WILL get killed, a lot.  But every time you do, it makes you want to try just one more time.  Amazingly addictive."
,Recommended,239350,13993807,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Widowmaker,"This game is evil. Died 100 times 'till I first made it into the Ice Caves, and I'm still nowhere close to finishing it. Plus, lots of secrets. Highly addictive.If you're into hard old-school platform games, this is for you. Warning: it can be frustrating. This game is more about patience and careful assessment of the environment than rushing."
,Recommended,239350,13997633,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,"It's hard, but rewardingthe music is great!lots of weapons and items8/10"
,Recommended,239350,13759032,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kapten Kilat,Ngentot. 10/10
76561198090229210,Recommended,239350,13764971,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lo_man24,"Ah Spelunky, you and I have spent many hours together. Many death filled hours together but none the less many hours. You kill me so many times but is it you or is it my carelessness. If you get this game prepare to die. ALOT! It is a difficult game but once you reach about 500 deaths you should no the ropes by then. I strongly recommend this game. It is very fun very challenging and also very addicting."
,Recommended,239350,13766137,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr. Nappa,your going to die. over. and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over and over. and over. and over again
76561198061363032,Recommended,239350,13768546,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,icedtorch,"Great game, in many ways its an exercise in gameplay, giving you a set number of trap pieces and hten remixing them to create new interesting experiences. Harder than most games you will die countless times, but still feel oddly satisfied everytime you manage to surpass a trap."
,Recommended,239350,10010408,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,scoobert,aw dude this game man aw mmm gives ya warm n fuzzies
,Recommended,239350,5050130,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,crocodibli,nice
,Recommended,239350,21215618,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,zEric7x,"Spelunky: Damn Bats!A review of Spelunky in less than 250 words.IntroductionI love this game! Spelunky is a 2D platformer that is an updated version of a freeware game made by Derek Yu.Link to download and play the original free gameMain ReviewStarting with a whip, bombs, and rope, you must use your determination and skill to reach the final boss. The game has very satisfying and good controls and I play this game with a Xbox One controller. While the game is very hard and random the deaths feel (for the most part) fair. The whole game can be beaten in less than 30 minutes and if you are very good in much less time.The GoodSimple gameplay that is very fun!Daily challenge mode adds extra fun for people who want to see how good they are.Lots of replayability!The BadThe game is hard and sometimes unforgiving and this may turn away some gamers.Some luck is required to have good runs.Without knowledge of all the traps it is possible to randomly die and that sucks sometimes.Final ThoughtsI would recommend Spelunkyto anybody that likes Rogue-Lite games. If the price point seems high I suggest picking this game up in a sale. Honestly though with the high replayability I think the game was worth the default price."
,Recommended,239350,21165163,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sanik de Hordgehug,"This game is incredible, it is definitely worth the price 10/10."
,Recommended,239350,21304591,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Spelunky review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 36 hours (around 20 hours or so to finish Iron man run, the rest trying to beathell)Played multiplayer? NoWorth revisiting? Yes, rogue-like so high replay value. So much to find and discover.Best part – Super tight gameplay, you only die ifyoumake a mistake. My favourite rogue-like ever!!Worst part – Very steep learning curve, this one requires some learning but once you get it, very satisfying."
,Not Recommended,239350,21840800,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,wroter,SPOILER: Remove the E and L from the game's title for a preview of the game itself.
76561198016755763,Recommended,239350,21846796,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MED,"I love it but I have enough aggravation and fustration in my life already that I can't really add this game to my list. Terribly entertaining and ultimately challenging, you'll keep on trying until your head explodes. Go for it! Good on ya!"
,Recommended,239350,21803677,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,крестоносец1337,I defeated my archnemesis and wrecked his business by throwing a woman at him.11/10 for realism.
,Recommended,239350,17038243,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,how is you feelin vro,Its a pretty hard rouge like game and the secrerts are really secret.
,Recommended,239350,17097419,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,DankJay,Awesome game needs to have better fps on my cpu and it would be my favorite game. Its an awesome game!
76561198035366155,Recommended,239350,17276232,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ScorpionWasp,"This was the game that made me a believer in the procedural generation school, and it has perhaps the most robust such algorithm I've seen in games. Combined with deep mechanics that affect each other in complex, unpredictable ways (traps are triggered by and affect any moving object, for instance; some enemies cause explosions that trigger hilarious (and tragic!) chain reactions) and a gigantic repertoire of very unique items and enemies, no two runs are alike. Hundreds of plays later, it still feels as fresh as the first time. You'll start collecting all sorts of interesting emergent tales the more you play, such as that one time you took too long but still managed to reach the exit chased by an invincible one hit kill ghost across half the level, or the time you had only one rope and a bomb left, but still managed to climb out of a snake pit by doing something wacky.It's a hard as nails platformer; in fact after some 30 hours and hundreds of tries (including the free version), I have yet to reach the end. The theme is what you'd expect to find in a (good) Indiana Jones game. While the commercial version is an upgrade in basically every aspect in relation to the free one, the latter will give you a very good idea whether you'll enjoy the former or not. If you have any doubts, give that one a try."
,Recommended,239350,17292938,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,nightwolfmaster,"Ok if you are looking for a game to beat in one hour or even a day, just go away .If you are lokking for a game that is fair { for the most part } fun and hard then this is the game for you this gamehas been one of the best if not the best indi games i have ever played.with the random level layout you can`t just memorize the layout   like supermeat boy witch is a grate game by the way in no way i am saying it is a bad game just repetive. anyways this  forces you to learn how to play the game. I can`t even tell you how many time i have diyed to a  spider or a tiki trap  but (it is over 9000). so stop decideing to  get the game and just wate for it to go on sale i got it for like 1.70 or something."
,Recommended,239350,17295881,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jellybean,"This game, is loads of fun times.It's hard, REALLY hard.I consider myself pretty good at the game, but see myself dying at the 2nd level.Dumb mistakes can be lethal in this game.Very good gameplay, go and play it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,239350,17423730,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,JLynnXF,I love this game. I play it everyday. Check out my Youtube channel.www.youtube.com/c/JLynnXF
76561198202174580,Recommended,239350,14214978,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KYNG Joosk,"So Spelunky, what a dumb name. But actually the game is great, addicting and kinda infuriating. It is a side scrolling randomly generated adventure game in which every playthrough is different, Everytime you play the game you want to go off but you just cant resist playing on for a bit longer. The whole game is one big secret, so many unexpected turns in what happens and somehow, even though it is just a side scroller, it has a great story, but other than the adventure mode, there is also a great daily challenge which is the same for every player and you can only play it once! But there is one more gamemode, one that causes you to have hatred toward your friends, this demon is called, deathmatch mode. The most intense gamemode of the entire game, with small fast paced maps, play with up to four other people, with crates containing any of the items in the game, even if nobody is online you can play against bots, but it is very hard and the bots move at an amazing pace so watch out and have fun. Also there is a mod called Frozlunky which has many features but (arguably) the best of them all is the online feature. It is a great game and that is why it deserves the rating it has gotten.Rating: 8/10, great, cheap addition to every steam library."
,Recommended,239350,17394628,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[🍕][BILL|NYE|THE|PIZZA|PIE][🍕]™,> Spawns in Jungle> Orange frog is immediately hit by tiki trap> Frog goes into shop and explodes> Oh s**t.> Gets called terrorist> Killed by shopkeeper> Didn't even move a muscle the whole time.10/10 would Jihad frog again
,Recommended,239350,17403701,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Pan,"I found a dog in a dark cave, got a lick and got health from it,killed a giant spider in a darker cave and got its (what I think is sperm) and put it on my bombs so they stuck to walls,then found a cape, a shotgun, more bombs, and lots, lots of gold and gems.(But really its a great game that has random levels each time, a daily level created by the devs, and lots more going for it.)"
76561198120778405,Recommended,239350,17164187,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Thallen,Awsome game for endless hours of gameplay and daily runs! No level will ever be the same and it feels like a new game ever run you play.
76561198101541941,Recommended,239350,16508062,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nyxteriri,Spelunky sounds like a very cute name for a game that made me reconsider my belief that the Dark Souls series is hard.10/10 Rage Simulator.
76561198085940774,Recommended,239350,16365825,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bow Vagrant,"I had never really played a Rougue-like before Spelunky, I watched a Roosterteeth video of some gameplay and it was hilarious, but I didn't know exactly what to expect.I remember such difficulty at first, making it to the second area was a dream. But Spelunky is a deliciously addictive gem, and soon you will, like me, spend days on it. I still play a run or twenty every day, whenever I have a moment of nothing to do, or when I'm craving to get unachieveable goals.Once you master it, you will quickly learn some neat tricks to get around better, but you are never done mastering this game.I would highly suggest picking up some friends (In Irl, as ""Online-Multiplayer"" require a popular mod) and this game during the sale."
,Recommended,239350,16487849,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SqueekyPeehat,"I bet this game 100% 471 hours on  record and let me ♥♥♥♥ing tell you this is a hard game its ♥♥♥♥ing hell if you go for 100%  heres the pros and the consPROS-Tight controls-Awsome music-lovable art style,CHARACTERS ARE STEROTYPES-Hard penetration for 100% but feels so good when you bet itCONS-Confusing way to get to hell-Cheap deathsthe yellow character is asian not bad just bad choice of color-blue frog op pls nurffAnyways its a real ♥♥♥♥ing challenge for people who like to get ♥♥♥♥ed it wont take you to dinner and it wont call back but spelunky makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard for a hard game i give it a 8/10."
76561197971139159,Recommended,239350,8369648,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ponciask8er,Very addictive classic platformer gameplay thats very simple but hard.It is a hard game but if you just enjoy playing without the craving to progress you wont get fustrated and love every minute.A game you can just open and play when your not sure what to play on and end up playing it for hours and run out of time to play on anything else.Brillent value for money too!
,Recommended,239350,8371048,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,failtuna,It good
,Recommended,239350,8371853,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Yashabo,Fun but rage inducing platformer. Kind of like Binding of Issac where you get as far as you can before you die then you restart and keep trying till you are good. The game is short though like binding of issac so when you do die its not erasing hours of hard work on one mistake. If you liked Issac I would recomend this. If you didn't then don't impulse buy this.
,Recommended,239350,8373461,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,scatterclegge★,Good gamerecommend/10
76561198087694834,Recommended,239350,8895302,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Satsuma,I played for over 350 hours before I realized that if you take a picture of a spider while he's jumping he does a little flip.Magical
,Recommended,239350,26849041,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jackayl,"One of the most well designed games I've ever played, 5/5"
76561198094518455,Recommended,239350,28582759,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SquatchyWildMan,A GLORIOUS mixture of Indiana Jones and Super Mario Brothers that kills you. Just one more run.... It doesn't matter if you ever beat this game. It's just incredible fun to play.
76561198221844756,Recommended,239350,28613643,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,imorales,Fun lots of replayability
76561198031390153,Recommended,239350,28609695,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jumpshoerocket,"Initially, Spelunky can be very difficult. There are many ways to die in Spelunky. Fortunately, there are many ways to avoid death. I think this is the core of why I find it so satisfying.There are many ways to play Spelunky. You can be cautious or reckless. You can collect gold or ignore it. You can learn to use all the items or avoid the ones that you don't trust. You can try to rescue every damsel or ignore them. You can wantonly kill enemies or just try to avoid them. You can attempt special side-levels or stick to the regular ones. No matter how you choose to play, you can probably beat the game (with enough practice).Spelunky is a game of skill. At first, you may have trouble getting out of the mines. When you start to reach the jungles, the ice caves, the temple or beyond, you can know that you, personally, have become a better player, because the game isn't doing anything to help you out. Every new game starts at the same place and follows the same rules, no matter how many times you've won or died.The world of Spelunky is complex and rewards close attention. As you play, you may discover new levels, new interations or new ways to challenge yourself. These discoveries are not ""unlocked"" by the game. They have always been there, waiting for you to notice them. Even after you can defeat Olmec consistentlly, you will probably keep making new discoveries. (Of course, you can also read everything there is to know online instead. There are many things that I probably still wouldn't know if I hadn't learned them from a friend or seen them on the internet. But, discovering some things for yourself is also very satisfying.)Of course, the mechanics are very good also. The controls are consistent and responsive (although I find that wired controllers and ""less fancy"" TVs work best). The graphics are attractive. The music and sound is effective (and can be subtly crucial sometimes)."
76561198048432056,Recommended,239350,28536236,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,strider,"One word:UNFORGIVING.If you beat this game in less than 100 deaths, you're a GOD."
76561198089762993,Recommended,239350,27552830,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bellerophon,"The controls are really simple. Each time you started to play, you explore something new. It is absolutely worth trying."
,Recommended,239350,27526845,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tauri,"Wow. Was a big fan of the old version, but this increased the quality and challenge.Procedural generation  in this game has been fine-tuned to result in random interaction that's *just* beyond predictability until you see things play out. And the final result is usually: ""of COURSE that killed me. But if I'd done it the other way...""If you enjoy complex systems and difficult platforming games this is for you. I could hone my skills here for years to come.Con: frustrating difficulty for newcomers."
76561198049783169,Recommended,239350,27558747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Allwaysnice,This harsh cave exploration (if only there was a more succinct word...) simulator leaves me coming back for more no matter how frustrated I or my finger joints get. Those slowly-built moments of success followed by the sharp (sometimes literal) pitfalls of failure are the perfect storm to keep me interested.
,Recommended,239350,10352083,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,sw4nky,"Spelunky is not simply a game. It is a way of life. A life of anger, bitterness, rage, and sadness....A seemingly simple game with a surprising amount of depth and high skill ceiling. This game has had me hooked for hours, even after beating Olmec and Hell. No matter how many arrow traps or blue frogs kill me, no matter how many times I died right as I kill Yama, I still love this game.The randomness of the levels makes the outcome different each time. Needless to say, this is a very difficult game. Unpredictablility is around every corner, and more often than not, deaths have nothing to do with your skill. Death results in restarting the entire game, which can be frustrating. Yet after all the times I have vowed to uninstall and never touch this game again, I've always returned to it.Would definitely recommend, but definitely not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,239350,27568327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Krampus,"While I prefer the graphics on the origincal free version, this game is still as fun as ever."
,Recommended,239350,27566940,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,karmazealhino,"I've known and play Spelunky back before it was on Steam. Even then, the pixel art and simple yet hard as heck gameplay really puts me through long hours of gameplay. This new one also still delivers the same but also adds tons of new stuff, even more exciting enemy encounters, and last but not least, gorgeus art. Superb."
,Recommended,239350,27470646,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,R.J. MacReady,Everything killed me and I hate it.10/10
,Recommended,239350,27516408,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Asinies,"A perfect game with some of the best fun I've ever had gaming. The game rarely tells you anything about itself and leaves you to discover it for yourself, and in turn creates a game that feels so much larger than it is. Some of the best moments in the game come from venturing into new areas and discovering hidden secrets that you had passed on multiple times without noticing."
,Recommended,239350,27518959,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,areobar7777,"good, underrated fun"
,Recommended,239350,10017644,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ZbRoby,One of the harder RoughLites out there.
,Recommended,239350,27508248,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kubrickian,"This is the Citizen Kane of games. It's so brutal and rage inducing at first, but your self-genocidal deaths count for something in this game. Picture yourselves as Bill Murray and Tom Cruise reliving the day over and over but being skilled and knowledgably after each and every death. This is the quintessential rogue-like.Controller or keyboard you say? Tomatoes ,Tomatos. Apples, Oranges. It’s always about your preference. No kills during your run? Sure why not! No gold till the end game? Of course! Try doing both in one speed run? It’s achievable. Point is, your playstyle will fit to anything in this game.This game along with Binding of Isaac are the quintessential “podcast” games. Do you constantly listen to audiobooks, podcasts, or John Bonham’s drum solo from Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then this is the perfect tag along game for you. While the music is perfect for this game, I just love the combo of podcast and Spelunky.Another good way to look at this as the quintessential platformer is almost how it makes you paranoid. In Mario, you see a stack of coins leading up into the sky and you jump impulsively to catch the coins. Now in Spelunky, if you didn’t look up before hand or even down to get some gold, who knows if an arrows or spikes will meet your fate. You are constantly memorizing how the enemies and level layouts work. As much as you’re running left and right, you need to be careful going up and down. You know when the first level can either give you 8900 gold or 30000. Or even when you praise the RNG gods when they give you a jetpack in a crate and two pick axes in each subsequent levels.Now if I would have to give this game constructive criticism, I would say simple one thing: I do not know whether it’s the teleporter’s fault or my own. I keep teleporting into walls and structures. Also when you’re running and whipping a crate, and you somehow get climbing gloves. It just hurts.Lastly, I want to share this quote from the creator Derek Yu, “Make sure the core mechanics are fun. It should be fun to execute the most basic interactions, because that’s what players will be doing the most when they play your game. Ultimately, you want this core to drive your development.” That’s what drives insane people like your humble friend and reviewer to replay this over and over and over. It’s not insanity, it’s just Spelunky.Tl;dr: Buy this game. You will know the jetpack, and the jetpack will set you free"
,Recommended,239350,27510591,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Eddie long legs™,betest game I playedGG
,Recommended,239350,27504325,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paddy,This is how permadeath should be implemented. I compare every other game in the roguelite Kategory to it and still cant find one which comes near it. The basics are so simple and still it needs mastering to even get through without dieing.
,Recommended,239350,27482031,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AmazingToaster,"I've played the game, read the book, all I need is the t-shirt.  Even if you think you've seen everything, know how level generation works, and think you have seen everything the game can throw at you, it will still surprise you with how it kills you.  It may be days, weeks, months that I put this game down for, but I will always come back to it eventually."
,Recommended,239350,10300957,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Hurry Peter,"Spelunky really is one of the most rage game, event though i haven't played much, ragequitting is very common.After playing this game more, I feel like it is one of my best purchases. I hope to see more great games from this dev in the future!"
,Recommended,239350,27483825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alexander Hamilton,This game is amazing if you want a kinda goofy but sometimes hype/serious game that you can also play with your friends.
,Recommended,239350,27122805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RenegadeNinjaNL,Best procedural generation I have seen in any game so far.
,Recommended,239350,27277155,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,loopguy,Never gets old!
,Recommended,239350,27280531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vasilis2000_gr,good game!
76561198009240632,Recommended,239350,27284069,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elektron,"Awesome! A very well executed platformer rogue-like. Caution: May lead to soul crushing defeat, hilarious deaths or other ""What?? That killed me??"" moments."
,Recommended,239350,27228992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pajama Sampai,"I've owned this game for years now, and I still have yet to beat it. Its completely my fault I havent beat it, because they tell you everything you need to know to win. Your run could be ended in an instant by not being too careful or by taking too long. Its a fun challenging game, and I hope one day I finally beat it."
,Recommended,239350,29769281,Posted: 7 February,all,GnusieShaboozie,Best platformer ever! Great secrects! 10/10
,Recommended,239350,11541923,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Gøbi (AWAY),dying simulator10/10
,Recommended,239350,29834195,Posted: 10 February,all,Pugnas Dong,"Great game, can be difficult but it's fun as ♥♥♥♥.Fun with friends, I own this game on XBOX 360 (with paid dlc) and PC.Battle mode is great if you like killing eachother. If you like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off your friends like I do, sacrifice them to Kali.I have never beaten this game but the closest I got (with and without shortcuts) was 1-1 to 4-3.PRO Hud helps a lot if you are speedrunning, but could be confusing for new players.Closest I got to a hell run was killing the anubis because I died before I could do that.7.8/10 - Too much shopkeepers trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥you.I'm joking9.8/10 - NOT IGN rating"
,Recommended,239350,26991911,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jerklump,This is good game approved by secret asian man
76561198005751140,Recommended,239350,29876960,Posted: 12 February,all,thelastlostone,Fantastically fun and incredibly addictive with huge replayability - easy to play for 5 minutes or 5 hours!
76561198159688333,Recommended,239350,30040385,Posted: 19 February,all,UltimatePlayer,"An addicting game that makes you play and play without stopping until you are hungry.11/10,would be hungry again."
,Recommended,239350,19902886,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,niin,"Tight and deep platforming mechanics, sprinkled with cute spelunking art, what is there not to love?"
76561198159839531,Recommended,239350,29114101,Posted: 8 January,all,VVhore,One day I hope to make it to the second level.
,Recommended,239350,28939428,Posted: 2 January,all,boo,the best game
,Recommended,239350,28960615,Posted: 2 January,all,birthday,gud roguelike
,Recommended,239350,28854163,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,∞,"Spelunky is an awesome platformer, with spiders, traps, and mabye an eggplant? Dodge spiders, bats, dart traps and more in the mines, climb up trees, take a boomerang, and more in the jungle. Don't fall down the pit in the Ice Caves! There's rumours of a city of gold...."
76561198119598306,Recommended,239350,29041193,Posted: 5 January,all,dripkidd,"Pick up vase. Vase is my friend. Smash bat with vase, not it is gone.Pick up rock. Rock is my friend. Smash bats, snakes and spiders. Rock is solid.Find little dog. Dog is my friend? Throw dog at bats. Dog is now dead.Pick up corpse of the dog and kill enemies still.-I expect to play this game until the heat death of the universe w/o beating it.It isn't very hard. It's just that everything is random chaos disintegrating.Oh, but look, a rock!"
76561198048362160,Recommended,239350,29080154,Posted: 6 January,all,oyster,A freaking classic.
,Recommended,239350,28831479,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,shekerev,Excellent game and worthy purchase
,Recommended,239350,27458772,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TFT Operator,Throbbing my heart as always with its cruelty. Never runs out of thrill.
,Recommended,239350,28878885,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Minderly,"This game is so addicting. I've played on PC, PS, and Xbox...and I cannot stop on any platform. It's a hard game but you definitely get better. I suggest trying deathmatch a million times, it will help :) My dad and I ended up playing deathmatch for 8 hrs on Christmas! And I don't regret it."
,Recommended,239350,28858317,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bastien,"Never before have I hated bats, that was until I played this game....7/10 would die to bats again....and again.....and again....."
,Recommended,239350,28892729,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,IT'S TIME TO STOP [Richy],This game will murder you over and over and over and over.... it is one of the funnest games I've played and is a game that I will pick up again to spend another 100 hours on later down the road...
,Recommended,239350,28883428,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ratatouille_,"For what the game is trying to do, it's perfect. Spelunky is a bit frusturating when you start, but I would recomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,239350,28954416,Posted: 2 January,all,Aphiliam,"The one and only game I own that I'm better at than all my friends.A game where you sometimes have to make the choice between kissing the princess or throwing her repetedly at a giant spider until they both die and you can safely gather the piece of gold you wanted.Love this game.EDIT: I wanted to add that I've played countless hours on the xbox and playstation but only a few on Steam which is why my hour count is so low. Trust me, at 7 hours you'll probably still be dying in the mines. At least in my experience."
,Recommended,239350,28801551,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Xeph,"Really fun game! It will keep you occupied for hours! The game is impossible to put down once you pick it up! The only thing I would suggest is a built-in level editor, multiplayer, and custom seeds, as you need the mod Frozlunky to do so. Other than that, epic game! :D"
76561198272357431,Recommended,239350,28760871,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,alendino,gud gaem
,Recommended,239350,29116972,Posted: 8 January,all,AstroWolf,"The pennicle of simple platformers, so much depth there is 100+ hrs of gameplay even though the premise is simple.  The game has a huge learning curve so get used to dying a lot until you've mastered the game. No matter how good you get there will most likely be a challenge yet to attain.  I'm saddened this game was never was compatable for mac though, its best selling enough to make it on xbox but couldn't be ported to mac?"
76561198338516901,Recommended,239350,31832529,Posted: 18 May,all,Fd_Nightwiing,It may be a bit difficult but it is still an exelent game. It is really fun to play and it is nice that it is different each time it helps for variety. Really great game.
76561198063624248,Recommended,239350,31851084,Posted: 19 May,all,wesleyangrad09,"This game is a pain in the butt.  While I enjoy a game that is challenging, this game is beyond ridiculous.  First, it is a rogue game.  So, you have to start over from the beginning every time you die.  Second, the levels are randomized.  So, you can't really get to know the levels really well in order to beat them.  You can get lucky and have a string of levels that are super easy.  Or, you can get ♥♥♥♥ed and have a string of levels that are super hard.  There are strategies for how to beat most of the enemies, but, again, I feel as though it all depends on the set up of the level.  The set up can make an enemy more dangerous than usual...I've die more than 600 times and I still haven't beaten the game.  Little achievements like obtaining the short cuts make me ecstatic."
76561198260485091,Recommended,239350,31946630,Posted: 24 May,all,MHZer0_o,"After some hours of plying this game I can already say it is ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating but that is what makes it so unique. Particularly the gameplay is awesome. Either you get bored from dying over and over or you just quit but you will always come back for more. It is challenging? yes! but It is one of those games you cannot resist to play again even though it is annoying sometimes, it is really fun to play with someone else too. 100% recommended for people who like hard and challenging games. You should definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,239350,30926755,Posted: 3 April,all,Gabe and Kevo,"This game is the most fun one can have if you like when things are a pain in the butt. It's excruciating, but I love it, too."
76561198207718565,Recommended,239350,31574603,Posted: 5 May,all,juhyup777,"Requires time to adept, but definitely a good game to play with friends, or just individual."
76561198136177979,Recommended,239350,31589139,Posted: 6 May,all,Bebo,"the most polished game that exists, you would be hardpressed to find a bug or error in the game."
76561198044874811,Recommended,239350,31621345,Posted: 8 May,all,FRED25demo,"This game is a pearl, but too hard sometimes.You must like hard games and rogue like."
,Recommended,239350,31657113,Posted: 9 May,all,Bib Lizard,"This game is very addicting, fun, and challenging. I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,239350,31665689,Posted: 10 May,all,Spammo,"Spelunky is one the best rouge-likes out there. Extremely difficult, but extremely satisfying. With an insane amount of detail.what makes the game so difficult; but that more interesting and funis how the different game mechanics/physics interact with each other, leading to some crazy death/ and or cool techniques to deal with different enemiesOver the years of this game's existence many different strategies have popped up on how to deal with the game's chaotic surroundings.From arrow whipping to the infamous solo eggplant run. (I recommend trying to learn them by yourself to get true experience of the detail of this game)The procedurally generated levels also have a perfect balance of randomness, without it feeling unfair. This, with many different routes and secrets; Leads to some insane moments in the game.This isn't a game about finishing and moving on. it's about learning how the game works, and learning from your mistakes, and using that knowledge to complete the game.Yes. this game is hard, which is most likely why some people get turned away from rouge-likes. but this game isn't unfair, so give it a chance, death is pretty normal in this game, and overcoming it is super satisfying.This game isn't just a game, it's a statement of fabulous game design, and is quite literally an adventure.that's why it's will always be one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,239350,31665408,Posted: 10 May,all,Laser Lettuce,I do not know what to say about this game other than it's one of my all time favorite games.
76561198119429151,Recommended,239350,9356760,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Pillsbury Joe Boy,Awesome platforming puzzle game!
,Recommended,239350,31794463,Posted: 16 May,all,lilant702,"Spelunky is a fantastic mix of rogue-like and platforming gameplay. It contains a wonderful art style, great music, responsive/fluent controls, and tons of replay value. Spelunky has a surprising amount of depth to it. At first, it'll seem overwhelming, but once you get the hang of things, you'll soon realize that this game contains the perfect amount of variety and randomness to keep you playing indefinitely. This game is also very difficult, and it'll be a while before you successfully complete your first run. If you give up easily, this isn't the game for you, but Spelunky is fun enough to keep you playing either way. I'm 100 hours in and I'm not gonna stop playing this game anytime soon, so I'd say it's definitely worth the $15."
76561198119755801,Recommended,239350,31799426,Posted: 16 May,all,galacticdragonlord,"A permadeath platformer. Wait, hear me out. The game has a variety of traps and feels  a bit like  a puzzle game at first. Then, one discovers items. Items are covered well, as you can only hold one at a time, and only take one between levels. I feel like this was a minor but nice touch, as it makes it harder to become an OP character that can sreamroll levels. Sorry for the rambling. The game has even more skill based moves compared to other platformers as it has throwing as well as parcour and dodging."
,Recommended,239350,31799248,Posted: 16 May,all,Divine,An excellently crafted Rogue-Like with procedurally generated levels that keep you on your toes. Very tight platforming controls and also one of my favorite games of all time. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,239350,31734861,Posted: 13 May,all,Hornedash,Infuriating at first. Still infuriating after a while. Highly addictive. Incredibly cleverly designed. Did I mention it's infuriating ?
76561198006373183,Recommended,239350,32139289,Posted: 2 June,all,BigFatMeat,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!
,Recommended,239350,32136530,Posted: 2 June,all,JT,"Chaos and hilarity comes from the interaction of different entities and mechanisms in the levels. To navigate this chaos without dying you need to plan your actions carefully and excecute them with panache. Feels great when you pull something off, is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious when you mess it up. Controls fantastically, lots to discover."
,Recommended,239350,23461355,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dbarnes9009,Best game of all time. If you grew up playing 2d platformers you need this game. Hell I even got my girlfriend into it and she doesn't play games at all.
,Recommended,239350,23453178,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Uncle Mac,"Spelunky is an amazing rogue-like. After 40 hours, I continue to find new things with the game and enjoy my time more. It is so frustrating to make a simple mistake and die, but that's one of the reasons I love it.After getting real used to the game, your games will start to last 20 minutes or more. I really hate it when I die after that time, but then I love it, too. Great rogue-like!"
,Recommended,239350,23337306,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Melonbomb,"A neat little roguelike platformer that will make you feel like a god as you whiz around the map throwing rocks at spiders, disarming traps and lighting bombs to open up new pathways to riches. Then you get killed by a skeleton and, dammit, the damsel got killed so you're not gonna get an extra heart this stage.Really thematic, good gameplay, very challenging."
,Recommended,239350,23310174,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,arukugatari,"Never underestimate a classic looking game, especially rouge, because it looks simple and/or easy.Never."
76561198066889288,Recommended,239350,23384694,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Lewosch,"Spelunky is literally an Indiana Jones simulator, and I like that."
,Recommended,239350,30787243,Posted: 27 March,all,zigga,this game is a blast!!! i hate the giant spider and the shopkeeper and the spikes on the ground though i die to those like 90% of the timeoh and also ♥♥♥♥ bats
76561198204080373,Recommended,239350,23489864,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Arcadeknight,"Please,play this game! By all means you should. With great (yet cartoonish) graphics and detail,as well as MANY hidden secrets and replay value,I definitely reccomend saving 15.00$ on this rogue-like platformer,not only for yourself,but for your friends too! It has co-op!"
,Recommended,239350,19656793,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Spookser,Snakes In Every Single VaseSpooky Scary SkeletonsBlack man Gives You ShortcutsThrow Women At Enemies10/10
,Recommended,239350,29161375,Posted: 10 January,all,BDar,Dying 100 times a day in a video game has never been more fun!
76561198071638351,Recommended,239350,29170792,Posted: 10 January,all,Alex.mpg,"I honestly don't know why I keep coming back to this game. Over the course of maybe 4 years I've purchased this game maybe 3 seperate times, one on Xbox, one on PS3 and now on Steam. I've also put maybe 500 hours into the original version and have probably only beaten this game 5 times? This game is BRUTAL, and you might think that I haven't beaten it because I lack the skill (maybe I do), but a LOT of the deaths in this game are gonna be straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Again, I don't know why it is that I keep coming back to this game, maybe it's the challenge, the tight gameplay, or maybe I'm just a sadistic ♥♥♥♥, but all I know is that I love this game and will continue poruing my sweet time into dying in it for many years to come."
,Not Recommended,239350,30262263,Posted: 1 March,all,SPOOKY Cyborc,"It's hard to believe that anyone is still making platform games but here we have another to compete in the already busy market place. Nothing unusual in this version, a Middle Ages dungeons and dragons theme — yawn! May appeal to the older crowd who remember this type of game from the 1980's. Yawn — 1 star."
,Recommended,239350,30184057,Posted: 25 February,all,rdtroy4,One of the best games I've ever played.(owned on PC and Xbox)
76561198088290178,Recommended,239350,30154145,Posted: 24 February,all,Harley Quinn,"This is the hardest game in the entire existance of video games. It has great replay value because you will die at least 800 times before you see the second level. Fun to play if you like death and chaos. Lastly, the shop keepers are holding so much rage deep inside, do not give them a reason to let that rage out."
,Recommended,239350,21138299,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,thestorebrandslimshady,"Even though it's crazily difficult, one of the best parts is that under the constant pressure of low health and imminent ghosts, you see yourself gradually improving at the game, which is a very satisfying feeling.  The key aspect of this game is patience."
,Recommended,239350,27728196,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MANNIpulator,Buy this game if you like pain.
,Recommended,239350,26841452,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koda,Spelunkers all dead going to hell!
76561198027583675,Recommended,239350,28912171,Posted: 1 January,all,Woobie,This is a game I can be horrible at but still have so much fun. Maybe someday I'll make it out of the mines!EDIT: I made it out of the mines.
76561198205788091,Recommended,239350,30113389,Posted: 22 February,all,PIXELFIXER,"A nice rogue-like game to play when bored. You dont really feel it when you get better, but you do. It just takes time. You get to know every loot drop and trap placement and its really fun."
76561198101097504,Recommended,239350,30219981,Posted: 27 February,all,Half a Bunch of Half Grapes,♥♥♥♥ MONKEYS
,Recommended,239350,30180742,Posted: 25 February,all,Disneyreject,Probably the best game ever!Online co-op experience was top notch!10/10(Does not actually have online co-op. Still probably a fun game)
,Recommended,239350,8498480,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BenB,"An incredibely addictive platformer. The proceduraly generated levels are quite a challenge but the game is very rewarding and pretty well balanced. Add to this lots of secret, a clever scoring system and a quite active speedrunner community and you will start to understand why I love this game. Endless fun."
76561198046648607,Recommended,239350,31150325,Posted: 14 April,all,Delxterior,"Nothing better than dying instantly 100 times in a row, I love this game."
,Recommended,239350,30312848,Posted: 4 March,all,BoGJimPew,This game is very addictive and lots of fun! This is lots to learn about the game. You either learn by dying and learning from your mistakes you can also watch you tube for tips that may help.I have never competed it but I have been playing it on and off for over a year and love the game! The furtherest I have gotten is the temples. The Daily challage is also fun but always play some warm up normal matches as you will die and you can only play it once per day but there is a global ranking daily leader board but good luck getting near the top.There are some really good player out there and the skill ceilling is very high.I recommeded this game if you love a challenge and you will get endly replayability. Get this game now!
,Recommended,239350,30357937,Posted: 6 March,all,The Inevitable Decay of Society,"I'm never actually going to beat this game... But it is still lovely in pretty much every way. Wish it had online multiplayer, though."
,Recommended,239350,29017065,Posted: 4 January,all,Internalized Oppression,If Indiana Jones was with real stunts he'd have the life span of the spelunkers
,Recommended,239350,14889122,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lotad,"Probably my favourite Steam game, still alot of hours behind Dark souls 2, but that's because this game has a rage fetish and likes bringing it out on anyone who touches it.I've completed all the achievements, beaten hell a bunch of times and i still have goals set for me *Cough* Eggplant *Cough*. Also Ball & chain runs are what im going for right now, beaten Olmec with it, got to hell twice and then spikes. Get rip'd in the gym."
76561198272192842,Recommended,239350,27686434,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AntonTower:-.,"I need to spend more time to listen my inner voice when i look like eager to play game.just listen it carefully (by my Zen Mind) or avoid to explore it...anyway , it costed me too much time.but game is great . so many details and vivid experience.     although me tired alot..."
,Recommended,239350,29233174,Posted: 13 January,all,sunfizz98,"Although better on the vita for independent screens, this game is still a classic. Nothing is more satisfying than throwing your friend into the spikes or using them as a meat shield to trigger traps. Even if your team sucks and dies horribly, they died for a good cause in the most comical way."
76561198055324528,Recommended,239350,29448617,Posted: 23 January,all,Yggalag,"Started a first run, made two steps to the right, triggered an arrow trap and got knocked back into some spikes. Game over.10/10 would go spelunking again."
,Recommended,239350,29449131,Posted: 23 January,all,The Entire Population of Russia,"You'll die a lot. If you're into that, this is a great game. If not, maybe you should play a easier game."
76561198263130832,Recommended,239350,29453001,Posted: 23 January,all,Tintin_The_Belgian_Reporter,"""Spelunky on sale? Let's give it a shot""12 hours later I was seeing that damn explorer every time I closed my eyes, working out new tactics in my head, and thinking about how close the end must be. A frightfully challenging, Wonderfully rewarding, brutally addictive action platformer. The best the roguelike genre has to offer, strongly reccomend 10/10"
76561198078398035,Recommended,239350,29410775,Posted: 21 January,all,NOT Ernie,"Spelunky has been around for so long and I'm disappointed in myself that I just bought the game recently. There is no platformer like Spelunky. It's a significantly difficult platformer, but it still appeals to my likings because if it's variety. Rouge-Like dungeon crawlers have always been one of my most beloved genres ever. This game puts in plenty of hours, and is worth much more than it's base price of $15. I highly suggest that you get this game. You will have loads of fun sacrificing all of those dogs."
76561198049437330,Recommended,239350,27292289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BokChoy ᶘ ᵒᴥᵒᶅ,10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,239350,29391731,Posted: 20 January,all,Jacobcamo,"This is a game for gamers who play rogue-like games. First I found Spelunky Classic on the Google Web Store and liked it, then I found Spelunky HD on PS4 and liked it even more, and Spelunky on the PC? Hold on a second. This is probably one of my favorite games of all time! Great gameplay and design, the way everything works out to get to Hell is just incredible (just saying), and the characters are actually very cool. (Deathmatch is super fun with computers.) I would definitely recommend this game. Spelunky HD is inspiring. I just can't stop playing Spelunky. Get it, people!"
,Recommended,239350,29495558,Posted: 25 January,all,MirvannaScythes,Running away from a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off shopkeeper is some of the best fun you can have
,Recommended,239350,29328206,Posted: 17 January,all,Lord Kek,Pretty Good.
,Recommended,239350,13364705,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tewtles,"First, this game is the best when played with friends. But don't play it with good friends. Play it with friends you don't really care about. I assure you, that you will all hate each other untill the end of time if you play this game together.Second. You get to make out with dogs. 10/10"
,Recommended,239350,24464140,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tomasz,"Really liked this one. It's a simple, 5-minute, platformer... yet it's not! In fact this horribly difficult, inconspicuously complex, surprisingly deep, time-consuming game have taken away many hours from my evening life. But it was fun :).At first glance Spelunky may appear as just another revamped platform classic, however you should not flatten it like this. These several features have made Spelunky an unique experience:it's a perfect example of Bushnell's Law(""All the best games are easy to learn and difficult to master..."") - you will beat the tutorial in a few minutes, but after a half thousand of plays and with feeling that you're a decent spelunker, there still will be a lot to unveil. These two states are separated by huge amount of stupid deaths in viciously generated worlds, though these should not dishearten you (and it won't if you only get through a dozen or so).death is fine- you really should get used to dying! In most of your games you will end up bitten by a monster, empaled on spikes or caught by a ghost. It's fine because completing the game would take half an hour... if only you're skilled enough and the only way of getting skilled is dying. Each death teaches you something and with experience comes great skill.rouge-like- no more already visited locations and repeatedly seen levels. Every world is randomly generated from scratch, so you won't encounter the same arrangement twice (although soon you will notice some patterns). This randomness require experience, no fixed recipes will work down there.a lot of variety- each level have a theme and some also have a level feeling. In each theme you will find new monsters, traps and mysteries. Also there is a bunch of bonus locations, not so easy to find and get through. I would strongly recommend usingSpelunky Wikia, cause discovering everything by yourself will take ages.One small flaw, unluckily Spelunky lacks the out-of-the-box online multiplayer. That would be a lot of fun.Have fun spelunking!"
,Recommended,239350,30106274,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr.Weed,epic
,Recommended,239350,8436934,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Skyknightj,"Spelunky is a unique platformer with randomized levels that offer a challenging new experience each time you play. Journey deep underground and explore fantastic places filled with all manner of monsters, traps, and treasure."
,Recommended,239350,29890073,Posted: 12 February,all,The goddamn gameman,"I've played the hell out of the original freeware version, and this game is just as addicting as ever.  Goodbye to your free time!"
,Recommended,239350,29889599,Posted: 12 February,all,Dr. Richtofen,Monitors will be broken
76561198057702360,Recommended,239350,29817928,Posted: 9 February,all,jorib,Very good.All I have to say.
76561198352497869,Recommended,239350,29947689,Posted: 15 February,all,Hydgen,"Brilliant 10/10! Adventure through an ever changing cave with your trusty whip and some bombs, as you find gold, weapons and more! Best rogue-like ever!"
,Recommended,239350,32323859,Posted: 10 June,all,badboysbadboyswhatyougonnado,"I enter the Mines.I walk through the twisting caverns, occasionally encountering a spider or snake, but quickly disposing of them.I find a damsel lost, waiting for a rescuer, and take her to the door at the end of the area.I pick up a boomerang in a crate and go through the door myself.In the next level, I find a giant spider. It is on the ceiling, waiting for it's prey to walk below so it can drop onto it and devour it.I throw my boomerang at it, and it wakes up, falling down and jumping towards me.I run through a small hallway-like crevice decently long, desperately trying to not get eaten.I put a bomb down, and jump out of the end of the crevice, walk to the left under where the bomb is about to explode the spider.The bomb explodes, the spider dies, and a large stone block is let loose, falling onto me.I am dead.This but 2000 times randomly generated each time with 16-20 or more levels in each run, depending on whether you get all the ancient artifacts.Imagine Super Mario Brothers gungeon-style.9.5/10, a must play, and that's coming from someone who's *very* harsh with ratings."
,Recommended,239350,32355439,Posted: 11 June,all,hrhomer,"Fantastic game. It's very hard, but nearly every death is my own fault. If I do everything perfectly, I succeed. One tiny screw-up, and I'm toast. But I can always see where I made the screw-up.Charming graphics, decent if repetitive music - understandable, considering the many, MANY runs needed to progress.Dog Damsel FTW!"
,Recommended,239350,32355785,Posted: 11 June,all,Varok,This is a nice survival game where anything can kill you or hurt your partners. You are going to die many many times to learn how to play and survive before you reach the Jungle stage but the game is really fun to play in cooperative mode. The only down thing I found out is you cannot unlock new characters or start in advance stages in cooperative which is one of the modes I play the most since I play it with my wife. So I need to play single player to unlock those features.
76561198182743830,Recommended,239350,32304685,Posted: 9 June,all,tanager,"I have put more hours into this game than any other, because Spelunky is the kind of game that can be replayed an infinite number of times and still be fun.Spelunky hosts some tight platforming controls with infinite usage each. Obviously a bomb can both dig through terrain and kill enemies, but your basic whip can also stop flying arrows in addition to dealing damage. Plus, each item you obtain in each run does not make you have to change how you were playing, but instead enhances your basic abilities to make them even more effective.The one thing that I feel needs to be pointed out is that, unlike other roguelikes, Spelunky's number of ""builds"" and how drastically they affect gameplay is not nearly as integral to the experience as player skill. For example, there are definitely some items that will make completion much easier (a jetpack for easy platforming, paste for easy and accurate bomb placement, a shotgun for long-distance kills, etc.), and the truth is that even if you don't find these items, a good understanding of core mechanics is going to get you just as far (if not farther) than striving to get a good ""build.""The learning curve of Spelunky can take a while (I'm pretty sure I spent 15 hours before making it to the second level), but the satisfaction of the player becoming better and better until they finally reach the end is not one of feeling like you got lucky, but feeling that you have finally tamed the beast: controlling what once controlled you.I could write a lot more about how genius the design of this game is, but I feel I've said enough already. Spelunky is personally one of my favorite games of all time and is deserving of your time, if you are willing to invest."
,Recommended,239350,32325280,Posted: 10 June,all,pyqxツ,by far the most ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating but fun game ive ever played
,Recommended,239350,32676328,Posted: 23 June,all,Jack R.,Frozlunkey is fun
76561198048630964,Recommended,239350,32780656,Posted: 25 June,all,Devilock,Rogue-like + Platformer = 10/10
76561198149280150,Recommended,239350,32790417,Posted: 25 June,all,garbo,Amazing game! Can't wait to see what Derek makes next.
76561198308011473,Recommended,239350,32816638,Posted: 26 June,all,Powerpuncher500,"Incredibly frustrating, but really addicting. This is one of the games where you say One more try after every single one of your runs. Recommended! Especially for its currently low price during the summer sale.Pros:-Addicting-Fun-You learn new things in every single run-Many cool items-The randomly generated worlds are always well alligned despite them being randomly generated.Cons:-Very sensitive control (Sometimes i try to jump precisely onto a platform which has spikes right next to it, i press right super shortly and he overjumps into the spikes)"
,Recommended,239350,32797450,Posted: 25 June,all,<ERROR NAME>,more restarting than The binding of isaac
76561198285206618,Recommended,239350,32791822,Posted: 25 June,all,Nando,That's a nooice game boi.
76561198064617964,Recommended,239350,32797621,Posted: 25 June,all,jakeupinfinity,"Totally love the gameplay of this game very challanging, art direction is great, completing without getting any gold for achievment is crazy hard, game is not without bugs, plenty of secrates and unlocks, multiplayer lacking, lighting has issues on my pc but there is a partial fix.Great game!!"
76561198093308793,Recommended,239350,32825099,Posted: 26 June,all,IN0,Start new game. Try to make it to the end without killing shopkeepers. Give in to temptation and kill them for their goodies. Later on get killed by a jumping frog. Rinse and repeat until you make it to the end.All in all a very fun game that never gets boring because of random level generation.11/10
76561198015244778,Recommended,239350,32889664,Posted: 27 June,all,QuantumLasagne,This game can get really had since it's random every time. But it's still fun as long as you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off from dying every 5 seconds.6/9 needs more gold.
76561198051136805,Recommended,239350,32893298,Posted: 27 June,all,mesch,Endless replayability. I always find myself loading up Spelunky and playing.
76561198105800331,Recommended,239350,32907907,Posted: 27 June,all,Ninja Pro,It is mad beast
,Recommended,239350,32883389,Posted: 27 June,all,Garbage-chan,Vietnam flashbacks to hiding in the pits full of my allies corpses.
,Recommended,239350,32914923,Posted: 27 June,all,Charliemander,"Great game, a bit difficult at the beginning and new players might think it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but later on it's gonna be really fair, but still hard."
76561198254695382,Recommended,239350,29452404,Posted: 23 January,all,khaim0919,This was a great learning experince for good platformer gamers!
76561198037899827,Recommended,239350,29341743,Posted: 18 January,all,vic,"""- My savior! Thanks for taking me out of the cave! All these horrible snakes and spiders...- You're lucky we didn't run into Kali temple.- Me? And you?- I have my ways around it."""
,Recommended,239350,31171387,Posted: 15 April,all,huehuehuehuehue,"If you die you go back to the beginning of the game.Through a long and tedious process, though, you can open shortcuts to the next area.I spent an hour and a half trying to bring 20,000 gold to the end of the jungle to open a shortcut to the next area. Once I finally made it, it turned out I was supposed to bring a shotgun.On a side note I have yet to survive a single multiplayer round against the bots.If you like torturing yourself you'll definitely love this. I know I've only talked about how hard it is but it's still a damn good game."
76561198011934966,Recommended,239350,31264809,Posted: 20 April,all,THIS ONE'S FOR DANBO,"i love how this game punishes poor planning and greedy play. whenever you don't stop to think before acting, thats when you die. nearly 100% of my deaths in this game could have been avoided if I played with discipline (minus the learning curve, obviously).some seeds obviously require more execution, so it's not absolutely fair in that sense. but it'd be lame if you were guaranteed an opportunity to pick up a jet-pack, spikes shoes and 100 bombs every run or something like that."
,Recommended,239350,30675969,Posted: 22 March,all,Oda,"Played this game on and off for years, wrote my own lore with a friend as a joke. Formed a friendship nothing can beat.10/10.Edti: Finally beat Hell for the first time, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,239350,31387048,Posted: 26 April,all,dasw0nderkid,This is a pretty fun game and it's more challenging than you'd think.  I really enjoy the randomization of the levels.It's a new game experience each time.  High recommend!
,Recommended,239350,31534626,Posted: 3 May,all,Orekoya,Finished getting all my achievement and still keep coming back to play this gem of a game.
,Recommended,239350,9380742,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,wooCHEE,"One of the most addicting games on Steam. Spelunky is a side scrolling platformer with randomized levels/some roguelike elements and what's great is that every run feels like an actual adventure. You start out with a set number of health, bombs and ropes and how you use, lose or gain them depends on your play style, the level design you've been given and instinct. The amount of items and enemies in the game are diverse, the music is great and the art style is catchy to say the least. What I love most about Spelunky is the amount of secrets. If you don't look online and spoil anything for yourself, there's certain things that you might not figure out or find until months and months down the road, if at all. I could go on and on but long story short, get this game if you like a neverending challenge that's different each time you play."
76561198021625231,Recommended,239350,31128205,Posted: 13 April,all,Furrfire,"It's hard to describe this game to people who've never played it. It's really it's own thing and pretty awesome for that.permadeath roguelike platform action game I guess. Very much like indy jones temple of doom kind of theme too!It's just great, and crazy stuff happens that can make you scream and laugh in the many horrible ways your ""BEST RUN EVER"" can suddenly and violently end. Along the way there is some really fun powerups to find, steal, buy. You can even sacrifice loved ones on an altar of death to get random items! FUN!One of those games that is very hard yet almost everyone can enjoy it from the get go. Even if you never win it's just simple fun. Long hours and you WILL slowly improve, it isn't so much about reflexes as it is about getting the feel for moving\jumping\enemy patterns. It's the fun kind of hard roguelike where about anyone can finish it with enough persistence.The multiplayer is unforunately local only unless you use a mod called Frozlunky which not everyone will understand how to setup. Like local multiplayer- the online netplay mod also forces you to share a screen, so you can't just both go adventuring on your own.If you do have friends to play it with, it's a blast even so.This version of Spelunky is called HD. The older spelunky is very retro looking and a free download on the net. Both games are fantastic and I highly recommend getting both. Get Spelunky SD if playing the retro version, as it has the multiplayer mode.Temple of doom sim? Highly recommended!"
76561197970364622,Recommended,239350,31591284,Posted: 6 May,all,InControl,"Lots of fun, worth the price of admission!"
76561198348249690,Recommended,239350,32181718,Posted: 4 June,all,jfvaldivieso,"Frustrating, fun and highly addictive."
76561198181861549,Recommended,239350,33290399,Posted: 5 July,all,The Man in the Moon,"I haven't beaten this game yet, but I WILL. SOMEDAY, SOMEHOW, I WILL CONQUER THIS GAME. So yeah, Spelunky is hard. It's incredibly unforgiving, sometimes to the point of BS. However, even though it drives me insane sometimes, it's kind of addicting. I have to take frequent breaks if I want to retain my sanity, but that determination to triumph someday remains strong..."
,Recommended,239350,33290612,Posted: 5 July,all,Foof,"Overall this game is pretty fun, but if you want to beat it you are gonna need to practice, alot.anyways this game also features local multiplayer so you can go with a friend, or three. also includes a deathmatch mode, so incase you don't have any friends you can play with the bullshet A.I."
,Recommended,239350,32872549,Posted: 27 June,all,Absolute,"First it's just about seeing new levels.Then it's about getting through those early levels without getting hurt and quickly.Then it's seeing all the secret levels.Then being sure to defeat the main boss, Olmec.Then suddenly there's the attempts at getting to the ""secret"" boss, and doing these small challenges in each different area.This game will consume your soul."
76561198375881885,Recommended,239350,33666303,Posted: 19 July,all,nicorulez7702,really fun! need online multiplayer though
,Recommended,239350,33590400,Posted: 16 July,all,Nihileopard,"Truly an exceptionally good game. After 200 hours in, I decided I should finally get around to writing a review.I love Spelunky; it's hard, fun, frustrating, and exciting. I play it to take homework breaks. I played it as a couples game with my girlfriend (which was a blast, highly recommend 2+ player at least some of the time). I play it with friends while drinking, which only ups the fun. I play it with the music off and sound effects down low while watching Netflix on the other monitor. If I'm at my computer and not caught up in homework (or Civ), there's an 85% chance that I'm playing Spelunky.You will laugh, you will cry, and you will swear loudly when you make it all the way to the City of Gold just to be killed by a goddamned Tiki Trap.Do yourself a favor and buy this game. I got it on sale, but I would pay full price for this game in a heartbeat. I plan on buying a friend or two a copy in the future as a ""thank you"" to the devs, and to spread the good news of Spelunky a little further."
,Recommended,239350,33621902,Posted: 17 July,all,parkerwoof,A MUST BUY
,Recommended,239350,33728193,Posted: 22 July,all,swenpai,"I saw videos about the game, looks so bad..Don't let it fool you, it's amazing."
,Recommended,239350,33732636,Posted: 22 July,all,Sweg ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,Hard but fun. A must buy for those who like platform games. I could now rest in peace knowing that i beat this game :D
76561198015516865,Recommended,239350,33726101,Posted: 22 July,all,Shentar,Best game ever made.
76561198136745152,Recommended,239350,20705706,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Child appropriate name,"This is a terrific two player game, a really enjoyable multiplayer (up to 4 with controllers) game, and a nearly impossle but rewarding single player game.  It's great!  That being said, it's not one of my first choices in any catagory - I will usually suggest a different game over spelunky."
76561198380976416,Recommended,239350,33749829,Posted: 23 July,all,jackobta123,Hard challenge but nice game
,Not Recommended,239350,33261553,Posted: 4 July,all,The Worst,"If you actually want to beat this game, be prepared to be at the mercy of RNG."
,Recommended,239350,33778698,Posted: 24 July,all,ancientorange,"tl;dr: Stop reading reviews. Download the freeware version. Play it. If you like it, know you won't regret the upgrade, especially if it's on sale.Spelunky was originally released as freeware in 2008. I was surprised to discover it was released in 2008 because I could have sworn I'd played it earlier than that. I must have had the excellent fortune to discover it within a month or two of release. It explains why I was able to contribute some knowledge I felt was fairly basic to an excellent FAQ.It's safe to say I like the game. In fact, I like it so much, I bought it. On sale... but I bought a free game because I was duly impressed with how well everything worked, and how much joy it had brought me. Good news: the paid version is even better--but not for the reason most might think.The paid and free versions are pretty much identical in gameplay. I don't remember if the original release had support for gamepads, I do know I never used one until the pay version. I grudgingly admit it's a little better that way--but not so much I wouldn't play with a keyboard if my gamepad became inconvenient.The main differences are in visuals. The paid release is prettier, has multiple unlockable avatars, and supports 4k. You won't notice a difference in the higher resolution--and that's actually an amazing thing given how badly most devs, even AAA devs, screw up UI scaling. This is a well polished product--with the caveat that the later levels can be ridiculously hard. Nintendo hard. But it rarely feels unfair. When I take breaks from playing regularly, it's not from irritation, and I've never been angered by failure in this game. I have laugh-quit though.The second big difference is that the paid version has multiplayer. I've no experience with it, so can't comment other than that it exists, and I've never been interested in it.The third big difference is the reason I'll never regret buying a game I could be playing for free with more pixelated graphics: multiple ""damsels"". The Damsel is a character you can... rescue. In the freeware version, it's always a lady in red. If you bring her to the exit alive, she gives you a kiss which gives you another hit point. You also have the option of throwing her as a weapon, or sacrificing her (alive or dead) to Kali. A live damsel sacrifice can get you a golden monkey that poops gems. Genuine dilemna.Or it was a dilemna until the new damsel options. There's a blonde dude in red--or the reason to buy: the pug. Saving the pug makes my day every time. It's also my only treasured trading card."
,Recommended,239350,33816336,Posted: 26 July,all,CliftonB,"It took me a while to get into Spelunky, but I'm making up for it now. It's my absolute favorite procedurally generated game, and I never want to stop playing. I can't really pin down why. Everything about it is perfect."
,Recommended,239350,9034793,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,•cC• Cookie,"Tough to reccomend because of how much of your time it will inevitably eat up. That isn't praising with a damning comment, it's a genuine concern.Spelunky has to be beaten in a single sitting. You don't unlock very much that helps you progress faster- while there are shortcuts, they are not very useful since each area is progressively more difficult and expects you to have a few tools from the previous one if you want to have a good chance.For example, the fourth proper area almost requires bombs half the time (each level is procedurally generated, there are constants and variables). You cannot do that with 4 bombs and no upgrades."
,Recommended,239350,34108295,Posted: 8 August,all,Capt.Crit Rocket.exe,Nothing better than a big cup of falling down cliffs and getting  r a p e d  by spiders
76561198397572262,Recommended,239350,34122028,Posted: 9 August,all,tonyfitzgerald12,This is easily one of my favorite games of all time the game is fun but challenging it really draws u in
76561198330289719,Recommended,239350,34126047,Posted: 9 August,all,Kono ^-^,Great game. Amazing replayability. 100% worth the great price
,Recommended,239350,34086071,Posted: 7 August,all,PenguinKing,Super fun!
,Recommended,239350,34081964,Posted: 7 August,all,DatJason,"The greatest feature is that your damsel can be a dog. Forget the thot, lemme go rescue man's best friend!"
,Recommended,239350,34091179,Posted: 7 August,all,Joey Jojo Jr. Shabadoo,Watch out for arrow traps.
76561197990748489,Recommended,239350,34059735,Posted: 6 August,all,JimZombie,"I made it to the Tombs once and died soon after, attempting to flee the creepy flying guy. I die a lot, and yet I play again, and dig it. I wouldn't call this game a rogue-like, but I'm not holding that against it. It is what it is, and I love it.I have no idea how some players rake up millions in Splunky dough, but I want to be one of them, but I fear I will always be a Spelunky peasant. My reflexes just aren’t attuned real time life-and-death."
76561198263140734,Recommended,239350,34096208,Posted: 7 August,all,Cookies,Incredibly fun and incredibly frustrating.
76561198059520137,Recommended,239350,34221670,Posted: 13 August,all,psluuther,"I didn't actually play this 1500 hours, I think I just had it open in the background quite a bit."
,Recommended,239350,34377656,Posted: 20 August,all,teabagjohn,"Funny & very difficult. I get frustrated easily, so not really a game for me. But I see why so many people like it."
76561198118928107,Recommended,239350,34429787,Posted: 22 August,all,Eager Young Space Cadet,Full of Sp(el)unk!
76561198140326797,Recommended,239350,24999415,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kittenwarlock,"Very fun platformer with practically unlimited replay value. Only complaint is dark levels. They feel more cheap than challenging, especially in the temple, where there are so many things that can insta kill or stun lock you to death. Aside from them though everything about the game feels fair and skill based."
76561198094103494,Recommended,239350,34425019,Posted: 22 August,all,nogood,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is funholy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is hard
76561198260344758,Recommended,239350,34227778,Posted: 13 August,all,Maverick,"I played this game on PS3 and it was worth paying another $14.99 for hours of entertainment. Yet after 3298 runs I cant finish the game completely, after 3 years I am trying to this day"
76561198022395043,Recommended,239350,34245201,Posted: 14 August,all,your_breakfast,This game teached me that I should avoid becoming an adventurer. Because I likely wouldn't last 30 seconds.
,Recommended,239350,32412869,Posted: 14 June,all,ChARa X,Hard Game! But Also Fun!Good -Art StyleDeath SenceBad -Really Really Hard!
76561198395247402,Recommended,239350,34172469,Posted: 11 August,all,lasutiino,best game ever
76561198031828835,Recommended,239350,34268605,Posted: 15 August,all,Smackk,One of the best games Ive ever played. 500 deaths in so far. Cant get enough
76561198378937206,Recommended,239350,34266840,Posted: 15 August,all,SUPERSUGARBEARx,great game very fun to play never really gets old love this game
76561198090941368,Recommended,239350,29495699,Posted: 25 January,all,Pompous.egg,"This game is great, ive logged 200 hours into the game and compleated most of the acchevemnts. this games is super tough to beat and it too me a long time to even beat it. this is probably the hardest game ive ever played. if you like the satisfaction of beating hard games this is a good one"
,Recommended,239350,34628589,Posted: 31 August,all,Kupo Kori,"The only 'rage game' I love enough to endure the borderline heart attacks and elevated blood pressure I experience when I accidentally blow up a death idol and have a boulder roll through the levels shop narowly missing the shop keeper and sending him on a shotgun rampage resulting in me fleeing into a den full of giant spiders,cave men and death its self(this has happened multiple times for the record) I have a very special love-hate and constant hard on for this game that never quite goes away. If you've never played it and enjoy platformers at all you need to at least try the free non hd version. I love you Spelunky."
,Not Recommended,239350,24477638,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,"I had to play this game in small bursts to avoid a tantrum. I really enjoyed it for quite a few hours, but it's just too hard. Every time you die it feels unfair, and when you're on a good run, something completely random will kill you. Addictive and pretty well made, but only for the truly hardcore."
,Recommended,239350,21987533,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,7heo,"Sadistic little game, very well executed, combining the maniability of a wet soap bar with the hitbox detection of a drunk bear.If you can make it past those two issues, you will find a very amusing, charming, and entertaining game; worth many replays.Grab it on sale if you're unsure, but given the fun I had with it (even taking the frustration into account too), it's well worth its retail price."
,Recommended,239350,34560960,Posted: 28 August,all,Goodra,"I read the reviews, i thought I knew what I was in for.I played Spelunky Classic.I wasn't prepared.You pick up a Damsel, and end up throwing her at some poor monster.She runs away. Wanting that extra health, you chase after her.Triggering three spiders and two bats.Suddenly you forget about your Damsel.You run for safety.Into a dart trap.Which bounces you into a bat.Which knocks you into a snake.Which knocks you into a spike pit.There you sit in your chair, utterly astonished at what just happened.But surely.Surely.It couldn't happen again, you think, while hitting the quick retry button.It happens again."
,Recommended,239350,2621023,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Aeba,It's really a good game.
76561198065361346,Recommended,239350,34741368,Posted: 4 September,all,Killed Shinigami,A nice time killer for a few hours of pure fun. It's getting kind of unbalanced in the end though.Graphics and music is simple but lovely. Multiplayer makes it even more fun so make it sure you've got a bunch of friends to play with!P. S.If you want my advice - just kill a shopkeeper and shoot your way through with his shotgun ;)8/10
76561198063608728,Recommended,239350,34807316,Posted: 7 September,all,HellRaizer4785,"One of the best indie titles on the platform, bar none. Very much worth the price no matter what the price may be. Extremely addicting and just challenging enough to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, but at the same time to make you keep coming back for me. Very much recommend it to anyone. Only thing I wish it had was some sort of online multiplayer. If they found a way to add that, good lord this would be the top title for me."
76561198335117107,Recommended,239350,34806052,Posted: 7 September,all,Mrmetaknight875345,Very much worth the price at any time.
76561198023324284,Recommended,239350,34858621,Posted: 10 September,all,onkelcrazy,"I definitely like this game. I don't play this game too regularly, but if I play it, I play it for a few hours and enjoy it. The multiplayer is tough, but I still play it with my flatmate. We don't get too far, but it's still fun."
76561197987432444,Recommended,239350,34886560,Posted: 11 September,all,Smokejuice,If you're into a game that doesn't let you rage quit but only gives you two choices of playing again after you die... you'll probably like this game. It's a black hole of eternity...
,Recommended,239350,16373495,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jeminy3,"If you love dying over and over this is DEFINITELY the game for you.(only complaint: I kinda miss playing as the damsel in the original game, none of the new characters crawl via doing The Worm, disappointing."
,Recommended,239350,34951756,Posted: 14 September,all,Elliott Harry Maher,Pixels and a Cave
,Recommended,239350,35057983,Posted: 18 September,all,Solsovly,The best of the rogue-like/lites
,Recommended,239350,35088159,Posted: 20 September,all,Tony Balogna,A great game with perfect controls and a cool soundtrack.Buy it for a fun arcade like experience.
76561198131808911,Recommended,239350,35117413,Posted: 21 September,all,Awesome10057,"Where to start, this game is going to leave you raging. This is by far the most rage inducing game that I have ever played however, it is, good rage? The game forces you to get better, with each new death you learn something new (unless its pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery, and theres a lot of that). The levels are randomly generated everytime so the game is never the same. This game is also known for its insane difficulty and ABSOLUTE. NO. MERCY. DO NOT expect to beat this game until you are at least 15 hours in. This game is a stone cold killer, it is so hard many peoplegive up within an hour (if you dont believe me look at some of the times on the negative reviews). A controller is highly reccomended and if your good enough there are even secrets to be discovered deep below the surface. This game takes insane skill, not to mention the even harder easter eggs to be found deeper down. But if your even on the fence about this game, get it. It's going to take time but this game is unbelievable. Good luck and happy Spelunking! (it wont be, welcome to a world of headbanging madness)"
76561198349980312,Recommended,239350,35010813,Posted: 16 September,all,ericab1999,Very fun and unpredictable. I reccomend you to play this.
76561198048993881,Recommended,239350,35033744,Posted: 17 September,all,RudeGerbil,"Spelunky is a great 2D Platformer that I have enjoyed heavily since it’s Xbox 360 release. I may have not spent as much time with it on the PC as I have on my Xbox’s (360 and One),  but the game is the same one I have enjoyed since it’s July 4th, 2012 release. The game has random level generation that can be a blessing or a curse depending on the goal of your playthrough. The game is fun alone as well as with 1 or more co-op partners. I’d find it hard to dislike Spelunky, and I think most gamers will definitely enjoy it."
,Recommended,239350,35073524,Posted: 19 September,all,Clone,"Spelunky is my #1 game of all time. Sunk hundreds of hours into it in its original gameplayer release, hundreds more on Xbox, and intend to get all the achievements, somehow, on PC. I have only beaten the game the 'normal' way four times. I regularly play the daily challenge with many hundreds of other people. Yesterday I ranked 20th, I think that's the highest I've ever been.Spelunky is a masterpiece, it is THE masterpiece. An infinitely replayable, randomized, thinky, action-puzzle-platformer, where you are only one bad decision away from death, no matter how overpowered you feel. Every situation must be considered carefully. The controls are the tightest I've ever felt, and I've been playing games since 8 bit computers were big. You can move slowly and cautiously (and you should often), or run like lightning, making desperate flying leaps, barely grabbing the edge of a platform above a pit of spikes to get at that stack of gold. (There's a store in this shop, and I can almost afford a jet pack!)Above all, to be successful, Spelunky requires the player to quickly evaluate the danger of a situation, and the cost to circumnavigate it. ""This looks like a dangerous drop. Look at all those frogs... Should I spend a rope? Should I drop a bomb? Find another way around? Fall and pray that I bounce off one?""Tons of powerups, secret worlds, unexpected pitch-blackness (go slowly with your torch, and hold your breath...) tricks and traps, emergent gameplay that sometimes really feels like an ecosystem that goes on living after you shut the game down - Spelunky really puts you in the boots of an adventurer. Also, with the Frozlunky app, you can play cooperatively over the net with your buddy. I tried this out the other night and, except a bit of delay (which interfears with the super-tight controls and some of the stunts you can pull off easily in single player) it works perfectly.Spelunky is a masterpiece of game design. I hope hope hope that Derek Yu does a sequel one day, but I bet he feels there's no topping this, and I could understand that. A deluxe edition with native multiplayer and some more tricks and secrets would get my wallet out quick, though. Take my money, Derek. Take it all."
76561198059791889,Recommended,239350,35136098,Posted: 22 September,all,Lordjoro,HArd and quick
,Recommended,239350,35338476,Posted: 30 September,all,Adventury,One of best game I have in my library and one of my all time favourites.Dying thousands of times never felt so refreshing and fun.
76561198137825686,Recommended,239350,35375383,Posted: 1 October,all,Hazzahnator,"Awesome game, love the music and graphics, probably the hardest game I've ever played but no pain no gain I guess. I finally beat the game after over 1000 failed attempts and then beat the game in a single run shortly after. Now trying to beat Yama to beat the game ""the hard way"". I watched loads of youtube videos on tips and strategies which really helped."
,Recommended,239350,12513942,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Aurelius,"Knocked myself unconscious on an altar, sacrificed myself to Kali.11/10"
,Recommended,239350,35346750,Posted: 30 September,all,Suicide Trance.,Very fun and difficult doesnt really get boring
,Recommended,239350,3994305,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Selriem,"Spelunky is one of my favorite roguelikes ever, mainly because the co-op play is so frantic and fun. My girlfriend and I have had a lot of fun, whether it be from trying unsuccessfully to finish the game or just blowing each other up for no reason. The art style is charming, the music is infectious and the amount of secrets will keep you playing for a long time.Just don't forget the fajita mix!"
76561198093934447,Recommended,239350,35463116,Posted: 3 October,all,Djomo Bomo,Just got 100% achievements today after 189 hours. Life well spent!
76561198042507991,Recommended,239350,35489686,Posted: 5 October,all,ContraMuffin,"This is NOT a game for everyone. It's highly challenging and the learning curve is very steep. Those who want an easy game or those who just want to play for the plot won't find that in Spelunky. Those who want to torture themselves again and again, this game is for you.It's got immense replay value. It's got procedurally generated levels, so that every time you die, and every time you beat the game, and every time you start over, you'll get an entirely different experience. Even with 3000+ attempts under my belt, I still run across situations that I've never been in. And that makes the game challenging even now. For those who are interested: Spelunky is entirely worth your money. I've played no other game as much as I have Spelunky, and if you're one of those who wants to try their hand at the learning curve, I can guarantee that this $15 will last you for a VERY long time."
,Recommended,239350,3370533,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,zrw,⠀⠀
